What are the best gadgets and gizmos to ease anxiety and fight off stress?
Anxious from long, tedious days at the office? Stressed a bit more than you normally are? Find yourself looking for a way to simply… Relax? Unwind? Chill to eff out?
If you're someone who has a hard time de-stressing and mellowing out at work or at your home office, it can be difficult to find something that actually works to take away your tension & anxiety. Luckily for you, there are quite a number of gadgets and gizmos out there that you can plug in, play with, or squeeze to reduce your stress level!
Fidget Cube
If you're looking to de-stress at your desk with something that can fit in the palm of your hand, and if you're someone who fidgets and fumbles with knick-knacks to distract yourself, then the Fidget Cube might be your perfect stress reducing desktop gadget!
Amanda Kooser, CNET:
The Fidget Cube went from a modest $15,000 funding goal to topping $2 million (£1.5 million, AU$2.6 million) in pledges… What's so special about this vinyl cube? It's a fidgeter's dream. The box is stuffed full of tactile toys.
The Fidget Cube comes with six different sides, and each side features something you can play and fidget with. There's the Click side, which eliminates the need to click your pen, the Glide side, which simulates the gliding action of a joystick, the Flip side, which is similar to flipping a light switch on and off, the Breath side, which mimics a traditional worry stone for soothing rubbing, the Roll side which is outfitted with gears and a ball to deliver different types of rolling movements, and the Spin side, which provides users with a circular fidget.
The Fidget Cube comes in 10 different color schemes, including dice, graphite, midnight, aqua, sunset, berry, fresh, retro, Kickstarter edition, and backer designed, which is a color scheme/layout that's been voted on by the Fidget family! Just pick out your perfect color cube and start fidgeting!
Fidget Cube Kickstarter:
We believe that the way we look at fidgeting needs to change. This behavior isn't one that should continue to be stigmatized and mocked as unbecoming or inappropriate. We are passionate about the idea that fidgeting is a process that, with the right tools and outlet, can have positive and real-life applications.
See on Kickstarter
Thinking Putty
Remember when you were younger and had the chance to open a fresh, soft new pot of Play-Doh for all your rainbow spaghetti needs? Remember cracking open a new putty egg and playing and stretching that stuff until it was covered in dirt and bit and pieces had broken off?
If you're someone who likes to squish, squeeze, and sink their hands into a less-stressful life, then Crazy Aaron's Thinking Putty from Putty World has your back!
Made in the USA and delivered in a sharp, eye-catching tin, this special stress putty is designed to be molded and played with directly at your desk. Depending on your level of stress and the type of putty you want to squish, you can either pick up soft or firm putty – you can even pick some up with 24-karat gold if you work a high-class office job.
You can pick up your Thinking Putty in almost any color or finish imaginable: if you're a fan of bright, bold pigment, then you might want to check out their hypercolors, but if you prefer some Thinking Putty that has a lil' magnetic attraction action built in (for more fun possibilities at your desk!) then check out their super magnetics putty.
See at Putty World
InnoGear Aromatherapy Essential Oil Diffuser
Certain scents and smells can actually soothe and relax you, and if you're not someone who likes to fidget their stress away or do deep-meditation at your desk, then opting for an essential oil diffuser might be a simple solution to save your sanity.
The InnoGear Aromatherapy Essential Oil Diffuser works by adding a little bit of water to the diffuser and then a few drops of your favorite calming essential oils. Smells like lavender, rose, vetiver, ylang ylang, bergamot, chamomile, and frankincense can all be incredibly calming to breathe in.
This particular infuser is designed with a natural wood grain, so it doesn't stick out like a sore thumb in most office spaces. You can even adjust time your infuser runs for: 1 hour, 3 hours, or 6 hours, and set the infuser to display different mood lighting like a calming blue or soothing, deep purple.
If you work in an office environment that has strict scent policies and are worried about people complaining about a constant stream of steam rising from your desk, don't worry, because the InnoGear Aromatherapy Essential Oil Diffuser can be set to a strong stream or a weak stream setting!
See at Amazon
Fidgetty Spinner
Spin away your stress and ease your tensions at your desk with the Fidgetty Spinner aka "the desk toy that you never knew you needed".
Potentially the simplest gizmo on our list, the Fidgetty Spinner works by you pinching the peculiar little triangle in between your thumb and forefinger and flicking it to spin it. You can train your fingers to spin it back in fourth, or flick it to spin it rapidly like a propeller!
The best part is is that the Fidgetty Spinner is so small, you can easily take it from your desk to a Skype call with your boss, to the kitchen to grab water, and so much more without drawing any obvious attention to yourself.
The Fidgetty Spinner comes in a couple of different colors to match your personal style, including red, black, blue, white, and bright yellow.
See at Fidgetty
Moon Ball
Neil Armstrong:
That's one small step for man, one giant leap for mankind.
… While Neil was talking about the actual moon-moon in that famous quote, it's not a stretch to apply the same logic to the Moon Ball. Afterall, it is a giant leap– er, I mean bounce, for mankind's stress level!
This little ball has all the bounce and squish you can ask for in a stress toy, with 'gravity-defying' features that make it great for tossing against a wall or on the floor for those tense moments, and a squishy, flexible frame that makes it great for grabbing and gripping.
Fair warning, though, if you're in an office that has some close corridors, be careful with the Moon Ball: this little desktop buddy can bounce up to 30 meters (or 100 feet) high, so if you lose control of it after an aggressive bounce, you're going to probably have some explaining to do to your coworkers and boss.
See at Waboba
Silicone Sponge
Before you stop me and go "HEY! What gives, Cella?! This is a makeup tool, not a de-stress tool!" hear me out – Silicone Sponges are incredible to squish in times of stress, are super duper inexpensive online, are easy to clean, come in a ton of fun colors, and don't draw any attention to you as you're squeezing it and de-stressing!
While these Silicone Spongers first made their debut on the Instagram beauty community back in the fall of 2016, they actually function insanely well as a stress toy.
Their small, compact, sanitary design makes it the perfect tool to fiddle and play with throughout the day and store at your desk when you're done, and while some stress balls are porous, absorb bacteria, and become discolored over time, the Silicone Sponge can get clean from simply running it under warm water with some soap.
If you're someone who likes to add a little pop of color to your workspace, you can pick up your Silicone Sponge in bright colors like hot pink, baby blue, and purple, or you could stick to the clear or black models.
See at
How do you de-stress at your desk?
Are you someone who's a firm believer in stress balls, or do you prefer glancing at some therapeutic light to calm you down at work?
Let us know how you manage your stress and get rid of your tension at the office in the comments below!
Bobby Cannavale revealed the name of his and partner Rose Byrne‘s baby boy who was born last month.
“Rafa,” Cannavale told “Entertainment Tonight.”
“I hadn't given one of my children a Latin name yet, so I wanted to honor my mom's side of the family,” the 47-year-old actor explained. “And, you know, Rafael Nadal had such a great year and we were constantly keeping up with him and watching all his matches so we were like, ‘How about Rafa? That goes well with Rocco.' And that was it.”
Byrne and Cannavale are also parents to Rocco Robin, almost two years old. Cannavale also has a 22-year-old son named Jake from a previous marriage.
Leave it to the Duchess of Cambridge, Kate Middleton, to leave the hospital looking polished and gorgeous, just hours after giving birth to her third baby. She has proven to be a hands-on mom with her older children, Prince George and Princess Charlotte, and has been known to be a breastfeeding mom. But have you ever wondered if she uses a special royal binky for her babies? Does Kate Middleton use pacifiers, or does she let her royal babies self-soothe?
I can totally imagine a solid gold or diamond encrusted royal binky (or “dummy” as they are referred to in England) sitting in a museum somewhere, but it turns out that even if there was one, Kate Middleton would probably not be using it. After the birth of their first baby, Prince George, The Mirror reported that according to palace sources, both Prince William and Kate instructed Kensington palace staff not to offer the baby a pacifier, in efforts to raise him to be “calm and quiet”. They also reported that the couple did not want their baby to rely on the aid of a pacifier to soothe him.
So while there are no clear-cut, detailed reports of how the royals will be raising their new baby, if the past is any indication, they will probably be using a similar approach. Newsweek reported that Kate Middleton breastfed her babies, just as Princess Diana and Queen Elizabeth II did, so it's safe to assume she may breastfeed baby number three as well. If so, it could also be another reason why she might avoid using a pacifier now, and it could also be a contributing factor to why she's chosen not to use one in the past.
As reported by The Mirror, like many moms, Kate had some difficulties breastfeeding at first, but with the support of her midwife, she was able to nurse Prince George with more ease. When you are already struggling with breastfeeding, introducing a pacifier into the equation can potentially make things harder. In the early days of breastfeeding, the use of a pacifier can not only produce “nipple confusion” for the baby, it can also hinder the mother's milk supply, explained Breastfeeding Today. So, it's quite possible that Kate keeps considerations like these in mind when deciding on whether or not to offer her baby a binky.
Chris Jackson/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
Royal family or not, bringing home a new baby requires establishing new routines, care schedules, and overall family adjustment. Surprisingly, as glitzy and glamorous as their titles are, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have preferred to give their children as normal an upbringing as possible, noted E! News, and their lifestyle decisions reflect that. To keep their family grounded, Prince William and Kate prefer to have the help of just one nanny, rather than a staff of caregivers. E! News further noted that the royal kids each get one present from their parents on Christmas, and Princess Charlotte has been seen wearing her brother's hand-me-downs on numerous occasions.
In the past, the royals have been quite private when it comes to their children, so it's not easy to see exactly how they do things, but by looking at Kate's past choices as a mom, you can get a general sense of how she might care for the new baby. For the time being, it's nice to know that Kate and her new royal baby are doing well and seem healthy and happy. It will be even more exciting when the world finally gets to see photographs of the new family of five, along with pictures of Prince George and Princess Charlotte interacting with their new baby brother.
Check out Romper's new video series, Bearing The Motherload, where disagreeing parents from different sides of an issue sit down with a mediator and talk about how to support (and not judge) each other's parenting perspectives. New episodes air Mondays on Facebook.
Clayton Kershaw ran into trouble in the seventh, always a troublesome inning for Kershaw in the playoffs, to close within 7-4.
Get complete coverage from inside and outside of Dodger Stadium from our team of reporters and photographers, including columnists Bill Plaschke and Dylan Hernandez and Dodgers beat writer Andy McCullough.
Ashleigh Haught ST. CLAIR SHORES POLICE PHOTO
Two of four people involved in the shooting and robbery of a St. Clair Shores man in his home as they attempted to steal marijuana pleaded in court to their roles.
Jake Lutz, 19, of Madison Heights, the alleged shooter, pleaded no contest to all four charges - attempted murder, home invasion, armed robbery and possession of a firearm during a felony - last week in Macomb County Circuit Court, according to court records.
Lutz attorney, Adil Haradhvala, reached an agreement with Judge Jennifer Faunce to sentence Lutz at the bottom half of the sentencing guideline range, which hasnt been determined, records say. The firearm charge, which carries a two-year mandatory penalty, isnt part of the deal.
Lutzs no-contest plea provides some legal protection in civil court but is treated as an admission in criminal court.
Advertisement
Meanwhile, Ashleigh Lynn Haught, 20, of Madison Heights, pleaded guilty last week to her only charge, accessory after the fact. When she is sentenced Jan. 18 by Faunce, Haught plans to ask for youth status under the Holmes Youthful Trainee Act in which her conviction could be erased from her public record if she complies with conditions.
Co-defendants Tyler Evan Kopke, 19, of Madison Heights, Angelena Joy Fortin, 17, of Troy, face the same charges as Lutz and did not reach plea agreements. They are scheduled for pretrial hearings early next year - Kopke on Jan. 11 and Fortin on Feb. 5.
The incident occurred about 3:30 a.m. June 8 on Euclid Street near 13 Mile Road and Jefferson Avenue when Lutz and Fortin broke into the rental flat of Joseph Blystone to steal marijuana, according to police. Blystone was hit with the rifle butt and shot and a small amount of marijuana was taken. Kopke was the alleged getaway driver.
The suspects were arrested within days of the incident.
Blystone spent several days in a hospital.
Lutz, Kopke and Fortin were being held in the county jail in lieu of $500,000 bonds and Haught was freed after posting a $50,000 bond, court records say.
-- Macomb Daily staff report
LOS ANGELES—Janelle Monae is exploring the intersection between technology and surveillance in a new art installation she created in partnership with the women's website Refinery 29.
Monae's What's Your Frequency? was unveiled last week when the site's interactive exhibition 29Rooms made its Los Angeles debut. The entertainer is among several celebrity contributors to the temporary exhibit, whose eight-day run is already sold out. Demi Lovato, Margot Robbie, Emma Roberts and Jill Soloway also collaborated with the site to create installations for the exhibit.
A huge tent in downtown Los Angeles houses the 29 interactive spaces dreamed up by artists and brands. Monae worked for months with the Refinery 29 team to create her room: A space surrounded by mirrors and surveillance cameras, filled with mannequins chained together. Some of them have TV monitors for heads, and footage from the surveillance cameras occasionally plays on them.
“Being an artist, I try not to pass up any opportunities to create art that's meaningful, that's thought provoking, and that's exactly what this room is,” said Monae, a singer, songwriter and actress making her first venture into such physical art. “One of the things I wanted to touch on was mass surveillance, the weaponization of technology and cultural uniformity, and what does it mean when we're at such a nascent stage psychologically and technology is advancing exponentially. How do we deal with that? It's like we're babies with chainsaws.”
She said she hopes her installation will stimulate conversation and questions about conformity and individuality and surveillance and freedom.
This statement was originally published on rsf.org on 23 November 2017.
Reporters Without Borders (RSF), the Association Vigilance pour la Démocratie et l'Etat civique and the Tunis Centre for Press Freedom (CTLP) condemn the withdrawal of state advertising from the Algerian daily Al-Fadjr and voice their support for its editor Hadda Hazem, who began a hunger strike on 13 November 2017 in protest.
Hazem, who had to suspend her hunger strike on 20 November for health reasons, accuses the Algerian authorities of strangling her Arabic-language newspaper financially and subjecting it to a "slow death."
Al-Fadjr was deprived of state advertising, one of the main sources of income for the media in Algeria, more than three months ago, after Hazem criticized a letter from President Abdelaziz Bouteflika to his prime minister during an appearance on the French TV news channel France 24 on 9 August.
ANEP, the state agency in charge of allocating state advertising, reacted by withdrawing its ads from Al-Fadjr. The loss of income forced the newspaper to reduce its print run, reduce the number of pages in each issue and finally to stop producing a print issue altogether.
Al-Fadjr now only appears online and has had to go into debt in order to pay its journalists their salaries. Hazem began her hunger strike in protest against "the government's decision to punish me."
"I have been fighting for more than 15 years for media freedom and independence," Hazem told RSF, the Association Vigilance pour la Démocratie et l'Etat civique and CTLP. "But the pressure has become unbearable and this hunger strike, which could put my life in danger, is now the only solution."
"We condemn this punishment, which amounts to a sentence to death by strangulation for Al-Fadjr and which has forced its editor, Hadda Hazem, to use extreme methods to make her voice heard," RSF, the Association Vigilance pour la Démocratie et l'Etat civique and CTLP said.
"Al-Fadjr is a respected newspaper, the first to be created by a woman journalist in Algeria, one she has been running against all odds for 17 years. We urge the Algerian authorities, who keep on undermining the privately-owned media, to lift this economic embargo without delay."
In 2014, the state-owned company that had been printing Al-Fadjr ceased to do so after an editorial by Hazem criticized that possibility that President Bouteflika would seek a fourth term.
ANEP refused to answer any questions about its boycott of Al-Fadjr when contacted by RSF, the Association Vigilance pour la Démocratie et l'Etat civique and CTLP/
The agency has complete discretion over how state advertising is allocated to the media. Newspapers that criticize the government such as El Watan and El Khabar have been denied state advertising since the 1990s.
Algeria is ranked 134th out of 180 countries in RSF's 2017 World Press Freedom Index.
At just 3 years old, Princess Charlotte has already made quite a few fashion statements. During public appearances, the royal toddler always seems to wear the cutest dresses, often paired with even cuter shoes and cardigans. That being said, she does wear dresses pretty often... Is Princess Charlotte even allowed to wear pants?
Both Princess Charlotte and her older brother Prince George have made headlines for their outfits on many occasions. While Princess Charlotte is known for her adorable dresses, Prince George almost always wears formal shorts (a look which many people have analyzed). As it turns out, there are several reasons behind their rather traditional dress codes. Children's clothing designer Rachel Riley, who is responsible for many of Princes George's outfits, shared some insight regarding the tots' styles with The Telegraph.
"While I don't wish to mimic period drama (shorts are wider and longer, proportions more relevant for the 21st century), I do think my clothes are traditional and that is perhaps the appeal for the Duchess of Cambridge,” Riley told The Telegraph. “My clothes are better suited for formal occasion wear, which is predominantly what people come to us for. They're not going to date in photos in years to come.”
Chris J Ratcliffe/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
Princess Charlotte's style certainly evokes the traditional look and timelessness Riley mentioned. While the royal family has certainly become more progressive in recent years, they are also very much rooted in tradition. If you took a photo of Princess Charlotte and made it black and white, you could certainly convince someone the photo was from the 1950s. Now, if she was wearing Hello Kitty T-shirts and sparkly leggings, it might be a bit harder to keep up the timeless, classic image of the royal family.
Not to mention, their father, Prince William, the Duke of Cambridge, has made it clear that he wants his children to grow up with relatively normal childhoods despite their royal status, just like he and his brother, Prince Harry, now the Duke of Sussex, got to. By putting their kids in formal outfits as opposed to more modern, casual looks, they stand out less, allowing them to blend in and have relatively normal outings, according to Woman & Home. In a different interview with The Telegraph, Riley said:
I think they are going for clothing that is classic and timeless, rather than clothes that draw attention to them.
Handout/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
Considering Prince William and Middleton's affinity for classic, traditional children's clothing, it's no surprise that they have turned to vintage pieces for their kids. In 2017, Princess Charlotte was spotted wearing a pair of red leather Mary Jane shoes that once belonged to a young Prince Harry, according to People. When Prince Harry was nearly 2 years old, in 1986, he wore the shoes for a photo shoot with his parents.
OK, so taking all that into consideration, is Princess Charlotte allowed to wear pants? Most likely, she is allowed to, though it's unlikely you'll see her in pants during any official royal visit. Her mom, the Duchess of Cambridge, has worn pants on several occasions since becoming a duchess, so it would make sense that her daughter would be allowed to as well. However, Middleton only wears pants for less formal engagements that are not alongside Queen Elizabeth II. Perhaps once Princess Charlotte begins kindergarten and starts playing sports, she will start wearing pants and shorts. But for now, she seems to be all about the dresses, simply because they are a more traditional look for young girls.
So while it's unlikely that photos of Princess Charlotte wearing pants will emerge anytime soon, it's doubtful that she would be banned from ever wearing them. Based on reports that she took on the role of leader of the bridesmaids at Meghan Markle and Prince Harry's royal wedding, it seems like she certainly has the powers to convince her parents to let her dress a little more wild.
BRUSSELS: The European Union is preparing an early summit with China in April or May in Brussels to promote free trade and international cooperation in the face of a more protectionist and inward-looking Washington, three EU officials said.
China and the EU hold a summit every year, usually in July, and a date has yet to be fixed formally for 2017. One of the officials said Beijing had requested it to take place as early as possible. China's Foreign Ministry declined to comment.
The EU believes China wants to use the summit to press home President Xi Jinping's vigorous defence of open trade and global ties at the World Economic Forum in Davos in January, in response to the new U.S. President Donald Trump.
"With an early summit, China wants to send a message to the United States that it has friends in Europe," said one official, who helps formulate EU policy.
The EU, on the other hand, wants to solicit China's vocal support for international institutions such as the United Nations, which Trump chided and Russia bypassed in securing a ceasefire in Syria through direct talks with Iran and Turkey.
"With this drive by some countries to undermine or weaken international institutions, we would want to see China supporting and believing in the United Nations, the World Trade Organisation," a second EU official said.
The European Union is still cautious about the direction of its second-largest trading partner, concerned by China's massive steel exports, its militarisation of islands in the South China Sea and a turn towards greater authoritarianism under Xi.
But while Trump has praised Britain's decision to leave the 28-nation EU - an unprecedented setback for the bloc - China has repeatedly said it wanted to see a strong, stable and united Europe, and has looked on nervously since the Brexit vote.
"We want a multi-polar world and the EU plays a very important part in that," said a source in Beijing familiar with China's thinking towards the EU.
Preoccupied by Britain's departure, the world's biggest trading bloc welcomes China's desire to stand up to Trump, who criticised China's trade practices and threatened to impose punitive tariffs on imports.
Trump has pulled out of a multilateral trade agreement with Asia-Pacific nations, vowed to renegotiate the U.S. free-trade deal with Canada and Mexico and wants to protect U.S. industries from foreign competition by levying new tariffs on goods.
"Europe doesn't want to see a reversal of globalisation," said Jin Canrong of the School of International Studies at the Renmin University of China. "If the Anglo-Saxon world withdraws from globalisation, we hope China and Europe can take it on."
NO EASY RELATIONSHIP
The last meeting of the EU and Chinese leaders took place in Beijing in 2016 and was held in a tense atmosphere because, on the same day, an international court ruled China's claims to the South China Sea were unlawful.
An early summit this year could help put aside a difficult 2016, when the EU admonished Beijing diplomatically over the South China Sea, decided against recognising China as an economy driven by market forces and saw both sides fail to resolve a deepening trade dispute over Chinese steel production.
China presents its westward infrastructure drive - the "One Belt, One Road" project - as beneficial for the EU and Beijing has already enticed EU governments to join the Chinese-led AIIB bank in defiance of Washington in 2015.
"If China wants to help uphold the rules-based global order, then we welcome that," said a third EU official. "But we also say: let's see some concrete steps."
Outstanding issues involve an investment pact that Beijing and Brussels agreed to negotiate in 2013 to make it easier for European businesses to work in China but which remains open. That is seen as a forerunner to a future free-trade accord.
China has also pledged to invest in the European Union's new infrastructure fund, but almost two years of on-off discussions have not leaded to a decision by Beijing because it would not control how the money is spent.
While the European Union says it is neutral in the South China Sea dispute between China and other Asian nations, the bloc wants to see freedom of navigation and over flight upheld.
By far the world's top steel producer, China's annual steel output is almost double the EU's total production. Western governments say Chinese steel exports have caused a global steel crisis, costing jobs and forcing plant closures.
(Additional reporting by Ben Blanchard in Beijing; Editing by Alison Williams)
NIAGARA FALLS, N.Y. (WIVB) — The Niagara Falls Water Board has hired a global engineering firm to look into last month's incident that caused black sludge to spill into the Niagara River.
An overflow of sediment from a wastewater treatment plant turned part of the river black.
The Niagara Falls Water Board says it was worker error — a pump was allowed to run for too long.
Officials with the Water Board say they want to make sure this never happens again.
AECOM will review equipment readings, summary reports and operational readings.
The cost calculator is intended to provide a ballpark estimate for information purposes only and is not to be considered an actual quote of your total moving cost. Data provided by Moving Pros Network LLC. More…
The calculator is based on industry average costs. Your move costs may vary depending on the actual weight of your goods, the services you request or are needed to complete the move, and/or on the pricing of each individual mover. Also, certain costs are not reflected in this calculation, for example any fuel surcharge that may be applicable at the time of your move and valuation costs.
The NBA playoffs are in full swing, and the fans of the 16 teams still in the mix get to hope and pray that somehow this could be their year. For the rest of us fans from teams on the outside looking in, we get to read a million articles about mock drafts and NBA free agency and hope and pray that next year will be Paul Zipser's breakout season.
While we are still a while out from this time, most NBA front offices are already looking at the list of potential free agents and keying in on their targets. Full-fledged stars like LeBron, Paul George and DeMarcus Cousins are headed for unrestricted free agency this offseason — assuming that LeBron and George choose to decline their player options — and all should be highly sought after. They will all garner large max-salary contracts. Another player likely to hit free agency this offseason will be Zach LaVine, who will be a restricted free agent with the Bulls this summer. There has also been talk that he could potentially garner a max contract, depending on what teams offer him and what, if any, offers the Bulls will match.
There seems to be a fundamental flaw in the salary system, when you have a situation where LeBron's name is being mentioned in the same category as Zach LaVine's. The value brought to a team by LeBron James is immensely higher than the value brought by LaVine. That is the biggest and most unavoidable problem that the NBA has run into with max contracts.
Harrison Barnes and Chandler Parsons should not be making an amount similar to Chris Paul and Anthony Davis. Carmelo Anthony and Andrew Wiggins should not be making an amount similar to James Harden or Russell Westbrook.
Since the league sets a salary cap, currently sitting at about $99 million, the max contract has created a problem where players of extremely different value are eating up the same amount of salary cap on their respective teams. This leaves the teams who don't employ top stars at an immense disadvantage. They are either forced to commit too much of their cap to a lower-level star while sacrificing their capability to sign other good players for years to come, or they must choose to not sign that player at all and blow up a team they spent years building.
If the league instead chose to move to a system in which max contracts didn't exist and players were instead paid solely based on their value, the competitiveness of the league would increase immediately. “Superteams” like the current Warriors and LeBron's Miami Heat teams would not exist. Team success would start to favor the teams that are well coached and have the best chemistry, rather than accumulating multiple stars on below-value max contracts.
Removing the max contract is the best way to ensure that the league maximizes parity and fan interest, and that every player earns their true value.
TURKEY POINT -
Bystanders helped rescue a seriously injured teen in the waters of Lake Erie on Tuesday afternoon.
A 17-year-old Oakville resident was injured after being thrown from a personal watercraft while at Pottahawk, said police.
Off-duty police officers and other bystanders who witnessed the incident sprang into action to rescue the teen and hold him above water until emergency services arrived at the scene.
Norfolk OPP along with the members of the Joint Rescue Coordination Centre Trenton, Norfolk County Paramedic Services and Ornge responded to Turkey Point at about 3:22 p.m..
The teen was transported back to shore and then taken by air ambulance to a London area hospital to be treated for serious non-life threatening injuries.
"The OPP need everyone to put their safety as a priority. If it hadn't been for the quick thinking actions of everyone involved, the outcome could have been a tragic one,” Norfolk OPP Constable Ed Sanchuk said in a media release.
The investigation is continuing.
Far from the catwalks, photoshoots and gyms, models and other fashion big names have flown to the four corners of the planet for a brief moment of peace before the tumult of Fashion Week in September. And there's no better moment to analyze their looks and makeup now that the spotlights are off. On vacation on the island of Mykonos, today trendsetter and L'Oréal Paris muse Kristina Bazan shared this ultra-glamorous picture taken in a breathtaking setting.It's hard to think of a model or a designer who hasn't set foot on Mykonos this summer. The destination is under siege from fashion celebrities, who have relentlessly shared snaps of the island's crystalline waters, its blue-and-white streets, and increasingly sexy outfits.Kristina Bazan is no exception to this rule. The internationally-renowned fashion blogger and international e-spokesperson for L'Oréal since 2015 has published a trove of pictures of her dreamy vacation on the Greek island.Credit: @ Kristina Bazan In the latest, published on Friday, August 11, the beautiful brunette looks particularly sexy and glamorous, in a sumptuously low-cut, front-split red dress that reveals her elegant long legs, against the backdrop of the Aegean Sea. As for makeup, the blogger's complexion is perfectly radiant, coupled with a delicate emphasis on her eyes. The final touch is lipstick matched to the color of her dress.Since the launch of her blog Kayture, founded with James Chardon in 2011, Kristina Bazan has risen to the status of an icon in the world of fashion. Today, her Instagram account has 2.4 million followers.
One of BT's top investors has reportedly called for the firm's chief exec Gavin Patterson to step down, following a number of issues to rock the biz this year including a £530m Italian accounting scandal.
BT's share price plunged when the news emerged in January 2017 that the firm had uncovered years of "inappropriate behaviour" in Italy, and has yet to recover the £8bn which was wiped off its value.
The business was recently forced to pay out £225m to avoid a court battle with Deutsche Telekom and Orange over the scandal, causing profit to plunge 40 per cent in its last quarter.
Separately it has also been hit with record fines of £342m fines due to a failure to compensate Ethernet customers.
That is causing shareholders to question Patterson's credentials for the role, according to The Telegraph.
“With the benefit of hindsight, Gavin Patterson was not the right man for the job," the backer, who is reported to have a stake worth hundreds of millions of pounds, told the paper.
He added: “Few of us said so at the time but it has shown to be the case. What BT actually needed was a guy who could take on the regulator, not a retailer and marketer.
“A lot of what has gone wrong has not been Gavin's fault, but we'd like to see progress on a process and new leadership in the next year.”
The investor, who asked not to be named, said his fund wanted BT to be led by “an external candidate with a regulatory and preferably also an engineering background”.
BT said 98.5 per cent of votes supported Patterson's reappointment as chief exec in its Annual General Meeting last month and said it has not been contacted by the anonymous top 20 shareholder mentioned in The Sunday Telegraph.
Board member Jan du Plessis said at the AGM: “I look forward to leading the board, and to supporting Gavin and his management, as we all work together to serve both our customers and our shareholders.”
Sir Mike Rake, the current chairman, said this weekend: "There is strong support for Gavin and the way he has handled the issues BT has had recently. "It is very much in the interests of BT and its stakeholders that he stays in his role to lead the company." ®
Sponsored: The Joy and Pain of Buying IT - Have Your Say
Goosebumps 2 has finally been given an official title, as revealed by the first teaser for the upcoming sequel. Sony recently brought a presentation for the movie to Cinemacon, which is currently taking place in Las Vegas. During the presentation, they revealed that the movie will be titled Goosebumps: Haunted Halloween. That's different than the previously reported Slappy Halloween title, or the previously rumored titles of Slappy's Revenge and Goosebumps: Horrorland.
The movie is also confirmed for an October 12 release date, getting it out just in time for the Halloween season. While there will be plenty of horror offerings out this year, Goosebumps: Haunted Halloween could wind up capitalizing as a family-friendly option. Shortly after the presentation at Cinemacon, the studio released a brief teaser featuring the evil puppet Slappy discussing the sequel.
"Slappy returns to a theater near you this October. But first, a special announcement. #GoosebumpsMovie #HauntedHalloween
Goosebumps 2 stars Chris Parnell, Ken Jeong, and Wendi McLendon-Covey. Ari Sandel (The Duff) is taking over directing duties for this installment, as Rob Letterman, who helmed the first movie, isn't returning. As for Jack Black, who starred as R.L. Stine in the first movie and voiced the puppet Slappy? The voice of Slappy in the video sounds like him, but a report from Deadline says that it's actually puppeteer Avery Jones. At this point, they have yet to confirm that Jack Black is indeed going to come back for the second installment. While it would make sense to have him back, it could come down to a combination of scheduling and money. Sony reportedly wanted to keep the budget lower for this movie and Black would have represented a relatively significant cost.
Development on Goosebumps 2 has been taking place for some time. Currently, plot details for the movie are mostly being kept under wraps, but it's clear that Slappy is going to play a major part. We reported previously that there were several different versions of the script floating around at various points. At the present time, it's unclear how that was settled, but the movie is in production and will be makings its way to theaters in just six months. Did they ultimately settle on just one of the scripts? Did they meld a few of the ideas together? Perhaps that's why it took so long to settle on an actual title. Whatever the case may be, it's been worked out.
The first Goosebumps was a modest success at the box office, bringing in $150 million worldwide. The movie was also received reasonably well by critics, currently boasting a 76 percent approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes. That led Sony to believe a sequel was worth doing, but for less than the reported $58 million budget of the original. If they can make the sequel for less, there seems to be an audience for it. Be sure to check out the first teaser for Goosebumps: Haunted Halloween for yourself below. This news comes to us courtesy of Deadline.
The cost calculator is intended to provide a ballpark estimate for information purposes only and is not to be considered an actual quote of your total moving cost. Data provided by Moving Pros Network LLC. More…
The calculator is based on industry average costs. Your move costs may vary depending on the actual weight of your goods, the services you request or are needed to complete the move, and/or on the pricing of each individual mover. Also, certain costs are not reflected in this calculation, for example any fuel surcharge that may be applicable at the time of your move and valuation costs.
This statement was originally published on rsf.org on 29 May 2018.
Reporters Without Borders calls on the authorities in Somalia's breakaway northwestern region of Somaliland to stop harassing privately-owned media outlets that are covering its territorial dispute with its eastern neighbour, Somalia's semi-autonomous Puntland region. Two TV channels have been closed and several journalists have been arrested.
The Somaliland government announced in a communiqué today that the two TV channels, SBS and SOMNews, were banned from broadcasting for being "involved in political campaigns" and for not maintaining "the neutrality they are supposed to observe" in their coverage of protests in Las Anod, the capital of the disputed Sool region in the southeastern part of Somaliland.
SBS reporter Mohamed Ahmed Jama Bidhanshe was arrested yesterday while covering one of the protest marches in Las Anod against the Somaliland government.
In recent months, the disputed Sool border region has seen armed clashes with heavy weapons between Somaliland - which proclaimed its independence from Somalia in 1991 but is not recognized by the international community - and Puntland, an autonomous part of the Somali state. The resumption of fighting on the border has increased the pressure on journalists.
Bidhanshe's arrest was preceded on 27 May by that of Bulsho TV journalist Abdirahman Keyse Tungub, who had just done a report in Las Anod about the local population's exasperation with the intensification of the fighting in recent days. The National Union of Somali Journalists (NUSOJ) condemned Tungub's arrest by the Somaliland's security forces as "a ploy to intimidate the local journalists."
"We condemn the closure of privately-owned TV stations and we call for the immediate release of these two journalists, who were just doing their job," said Arnaud Froger, the head of RSF's Africa desk. "The already deteriorated security environment for journalists covering this conflict has been compounded in recent weeks by growing, unjustified harassment by the Somaliland authorities. The arbitrary arrests and closures must stop and the freedom to inform must be guaranteed."
Bidhanshe was the third journalist to be arrested in the space of two weeks for reporting criticism of the Somaliland authorities. Freelance journalist Adam Jama Oogle was arrested at his home on 14 May after reporting in a Facebook post that the Sool region's inhabitants supported Somali unity. He was finally freed after being held for nine days without charge.
Somalia is ranked 168th out of 180 countries in RSF's 2018 World Press Freedom Index, one place lower than last year.
By Deb Williams | Senior Writer
RacinToday.com
In the 1960s, a Mars Hill College professor saw Robert Yates working on a farmer's tractor one Sunday afternoon instead of in his dorm room studying. The professor told Yates he would never amount to anything because of his actions.
Time-and-time again Yates proved that professor wrong, establishing a NASCAR career in which he built some of the most powerful and successful engines in the sport. It was a stellar 40-year profession that earned Yates admittance into the NASCAR Hall of Fame; an honor he learned of in May, a little more than four months before succumbing to liver cancer.
Yates' racing accomplishments are well documented. He began his career at Holman-Moody Racing in 1968, but didn't enjoy his first championship as an engine builder until 1983 with DiGard Racing and Bobby Allison. The following year, his company contracted with team owner Mike Curb to provide engines for his driver, Richard Petty. It was a contract that led to Yates providing Petty with the engine that powered him to his historic 200th career victory at Daytona in July 1984.
Yates focused solely on constructing powerful engines until 1989 when he purchased Harry Rainer's race team. The Charlotte, N.C., native then proceeded to become one of the sport's most successful team owners, claiming 57 victories, 48 poles and a championship in 1999 with Dale Jarrett as his driver.
Yates' life, however, was so much more than statistics. The son of a Southern Baptist minister, a twin and the youngest of nine children, Yates was a devout family man who adored his wife, Carolyn. For many years, Valentine's Day occurred in the middle of Speedweeks. Those with loved ones involved in the sport knew it was a holiday that was relegated to the backburner until after the Daytona 500. Not with Yates. One year he treated his wife to a Valentine's Day dinner at a fine French restaurant in Ormond Beach, Fla.
A quite, modest and sincere man, Yates was proud of his children and delighted in the fact that his son, Doug, elected to follow in his engine-building footsteps. Yates was sensitive to people's feelings and often worried more than one might expect for someone in racing. Perhaps that's because he was complex and always considered all of the answers that could exist to a single question.
His decision to become a team owner was a gut-wrenching one, but it was Ranier's young driver – 27-year-old Davey Allison – who convinced the organization's engine builder he could do it.
In his first season as a team owner, the Yates-Allison duo emerged with two victories. Two more victories came in 1990. Then the team broke out as one of the sport's powerhouses, capturing five victories in each of the next two seasons. Those victories included the Daytona 500, the Coca-Cola 600 and the All-Star race. There was an intense battle for the 1992 championship before Allison's title run ended with a multi-car crash in the season finale at Atlanta.
With the 1993 season came several years of heartache for Yates. Allison died July 13 from injuries sustained in a helicopter crash a day earlier at Talladega. Yates' team skipped the next race; then returned with three different drivers for the rest of the season. Ernie Irvan eventually became his full-time driver and in 1994 the team once again found itself in a championship battle. But everything changed on a foggy morning in Michigan during the first practice. A crash left Irvan in a coma with a severe head injury. Not yet recovered from Allison's death, Yates, again, found himself in emotional turmoil and with a substitute driver for the season's remainder.
Yates rebounded in 1995 when Jarrett joined his operation and Irvan made a miraculous return late that season. The stage was now set for Yates to become a two-car team, which it remained for several years.
Throughout the years as an engine builder and team owner, Yates remained an innovator. He could fit the power curve of an engine to a competitor's driving style and a car's handling characteristics. Former crew chief Gary Nelson once said Yates understood the importance of that in an engine “better than anybody I've ever seen.”
Yates was admired and respected by everyone involved in the sport as well as the fans and the media. He was a man who cherished his family and possessed a passion for engines and racing; a person who made a difference in many people's lives. And a man who will be missed, but never forgotten.
Mon, Dec 11: Two days after capturing the first MLS Cup in franchise history with a 2-0 win over the Seattle Sounders, Toronto FC paraded through the downtown core before a rally at Nathan Phillips Square. Rob Leth reports.
SHANGHAI/BEIJING, Aug 12 (Reuters) - China on Saturday freed one of the last remaining Crown Resorts Ltd executives jailed for illegally promoting gambling, as a protracted saga that forced the Australian casino operator to cancel global expansion plans and hurt profits nears an end.
Jason O'Connor, head of international VIP gambling with the casino giant, was released before 7 a.m., an official told media outside the detention centre in Shanghai.
The Australian was the most senior of 16 staff detained in October and jailed by a Shanghai court in June. His 10-month sentence ran from the time of his first detention on Oct. 14 last year.
Reuters was not able to confirm his release with his family or the Australian government.
O'Connor was taken immediately to the airport and left the country, the Australian Financial Review newspaper said, without citing sources.
The authorities released ten employees, including Australian nationals Jerry Xuan and Jane Pan Dan, in July.
Crown, half-owned by billionaire James Packer, had been trying to attract wealthy Chinese to its casinos located outside China, where gambling is illegal, except for Macao.
But the case prompted Crown, the world's biggest listed casino company outside China, to retreat from global expansion plans and sell off its Macao assets, and instead shift its focus back home. (Reporting by Xihao Jiang in SHANGHAI, Shu Zhang and Josephine Mason in BEIJING; additional reporting by Ben Cooper in SYDNEY; writing by Josephine Mason)
The woman named as the future wife of former president Jacob Zuma has been forced to resign from her position at a women's rights charity, the group said on Monday.
The Conquers foundation, which campaigns to improve the lives of adolescent girls, said Nonkanyiso Cono “failed to disclose her relations with Mr Zuma” and had acted “contrary to the principles” that the charity stood for.
“As young girls we are lured and used by people with power who use their position to take advantage of us,” the group said in a statement.
According to media reports, Cono, 24, is due to become the new spouse of 76-year-old Zuma who currently has four other wives.
The Sunday Times week reported that Cono had been a frequent visitor at Zuma's residence east of Johannesburg since she was 19.
The former president, who was forced to resign in February after nearly a decade in power, is facing a string of corruption charges stemming from an arms contract dating to before his time in office.
His political career was dogged by controversy and he was in 2006 acquitted on charges of raping HIV-positive Fezekile Kuzwayo, known as Khwezi.
He also caused outrage among health campaigners by telling the court that he had showered after having unprotected sex with his accuser to avoid contracting the virus.
[Source: AFP]
Comments
comments
0
I was a bit bummed when the release date for Molly's Game was pushed back from Thanksgiving to Christmas, but either way, it's a great film to see with friend or family because it's such a breakneck blast. You've got Aaron Sorkin's rapid-fire dialogue, skillful editing, and a compelling story about Molly Bloom, who ran an infamous underground poker ring. I've seen the movie twice now and while there are certainly more prestigious titles in 2017, Molly's Game is easily one of the most fun movies I've seen this year.
I'm pleased to announce we're giving away 20 admit-two passes to the Atlanta screening of Molly's Game. To enter for a chance to see the movie early and for free, send an e-mail to Collider.Passes@gmail.com with the subject line “MOLLY'S GAME”. The screening is on Monday, December 18th at 7:30PM at Regal Perimeter Pointe, so please don't enter if you think you'll be unavailable. Multiple entries from a single person will disqualify all entries from that person.
Check out the Molly's Game trailer below. The film opens December 25th and stars Jessica Chastain, Idris Elba, Kevin Costner, Michael Cera, Jeremy Strong, Chris O'Dowd, and Bill Camp.
Here's the official synopsis for Molly's Game:
Free Price Quote From a Local Dealer Free Price Quote From a View Special Offers
No Obligation, Fast & Simple Free New Car Quote Change Car Select Make Acura Alfa Romeo Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ferrari FIAT Ford Genesis GMC Honda Hyundai Infiniti Jaguar Jeep Karma Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Mazda McLaren Mercedes-Benz MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Porsche Ram Rolls-Royce Scion smart Subaru Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo Select Model Avenger B1500 B2500 B3500 Caliber Caravan Challenger Charger Dakota Dart Durango Grand Caravan Intrepid Journey Magnum Neon Nitro Ram 1500 Ram 2500 Ram 3500 Ram Van 1500 Ram Van 2500 Ram Van 3500 Ram Wagon 1500 Ram Wagon 2500 Ram Wagon 3500 Spirit Sprinter 2500 Sprinter 3500 SRT-4 Stealth Stratus Viper GO 1. Vehicle Option Trim Exterior Color No Preference Black Blue Brown Gold Green Orange Red Silver White Yellow Interior Color No Preference Beige Black Blue Gray Green Other Red White Buying Time Frame Within 48 hours Within a week Within two weeks Within a month More than a month Payment Method Undecided Loan Lease Cash Trade In? Yes No 3. Dealer Selection Receive your free dealer pricing information by completing your contact information!
Let's try this again.
Last year, William Walker welcomed a Granite Gray 2017 Durango GT to our long-term fleet, only to have it stolen two months after its arrival—lock, stock, key fob, and 25 large worth of photo gear in the back—from a Los Angeles–area restaurant's valet lot. It's probably been hauling Russian mobsters around Kamchatka since shortly thereafter because it was never recovered. For a hot minute we considered quietly replacing it with a doppelganger and carrying on, but the '18 models were just being announced, and we couldn't resist upgrading to an R/T model with the cool new SRT nose. And because Dodges are less rare and exotic in the brand's hometown (and hence hopefully less of an attractive nuisance than they apparently are in L.A.), the replacement vehicle has been entrusted to our Detroit office for safekeeping.
Upgrading from a GT V-6 to an R/T V-8 adds $5,900. Figure the engine is worth $3,995 of that (that's the option cost on Citadel trim levels), with the extra two grand buying the aforementioned angry SRT bodywork (vented hood, blackout grille, sport front fascia), a lowered sport suspension with load-leveling, fancier lighting, rain-sensing wipers, parking sensors, Radar Red Nappa sport leather seating (with eight-way power in front), and the big-screen infotainment setup. Our snowbelt geography demanded another ($2,600) “Durango 4” upgrade. An MP 3023 transfer case delivers on-demand variable torque-split all-wheel drive with low-range gearing and a neutral setting (take note flat-tow RVers!). To this already high level of standard equipment we only added a tech package (adaptive cruise with collision and blind-spot and lane departure warnings for $2,495), the trailering group ($995), murdered-out black wheels and mirrors ($695), and a cargo package of roof rails, cross bars, and a cargo cover ($395). At $51,970 out the door, it's $9,195 spiffier than our 2017 GT.
Having put our order in just as 2018-model production started, our White Knuckle beauty was built on August 17 and delivered to us on September 22. As any good new owner should, we consulted the owners' manual break-in requirements, which were pretty simple: “Drive moderately during the first 300 miles,” and “while cruising, brief full-throttle acceleration within the limits of local traffic laws contributes to a good break-in.” Can do! Two trips to my lakeside cabin-restoration project had our Durango fully ready for action. On those treks we made abundant use of the 47.7 cubic feet of cargo space behind the middle row of seats to haul tools and supplies, but the 43-inch-wide rear deck will preclude us from using it for drywall or paneling delivery.
So far we are still grooving on our truck's bad boy looks, the Hemi's ready rumble, and the sport suspension's ride/handling trade-off (reasonably supple on the bumps, respectably flat in the curves). To date, our Hemi Durango 4's fuel economy is trailing that of our 3.6-liter rear-drive GT noticeably. After a month of service and about 1,800 miles of driving, we're averaging 15.0 mpg. The GT managed 18.9 mpg over about 7,100 miles of driving. It's tempting to hope our R/T's fuel economy will improve as the engine continues to break in, but the 20 percent drop almost exactly mirrors the 19 percent difference in EPA combined ratings, so we're not holding our breath.
Our Durango's dance card is already filled with scheduled trips to antebellum Vicksburg, Mississippi, northern Canada, and numerous tailgate outings with the TEN party trailer in tow. We'll report on all its surprises, delights, and any potential foibles. In the meantime, if you're traveling in some sketchy foreign country and spot a nice Granite Gray Durango GT, send us a snapshot.
MDMK General Secretary Vaiko on Sunday said he would mobilise people against projects aimed at exploration or extraction of oil and gas that will "desertify" Tamil Nadu and dared the authorities to slap cases against him.Without naming anyone, he alleged that "officials" were at the peak of their "arrogance" and had said "somebody was instigating the people" and that action will be taken against such persons."What action will you be taking ? only I am instigating and I will continue to do that," he said and dared officials to register cases against him.Vaiko's outburst comes against the backdrop of continuing protests by residents of Kathiramangalam village near here against a decades-old ONGC extraction project which witnessed violence recently over a leak in an oil pipeline."I will face the cases," he told reporters.Chief Minister K Palaniswami had last month said some "political parties and some anti-socials are instigating the innocent people," wantonly in the Kathiramangalam pipeline and Neduvasal hydrocarbon issues.Vaiko said he will mobilise the "youth, the general public" against initiatives which will "desertify" the fertile Cauvery Delta region of Tamil Nadu.
The Economic Freedom Fighters (EFF) says it is taking speaker of the National Assembly, Baleka Mbete, to court over Parliament's failure to discipline President Jacob Zuma. This is after the Constitutional Court ruled in 2016 that he violated his oath of office.
EFF members were once again carried out of Parliament by security officers last week after the party disrupted the State of the Nation Address for over an hour. They were demanding that President Jacob Zuma not be allowed to address the house.
The EFF is adamant that president Zuma is occupying his position illegally as head of state. It says parliament should have commenced with disciplinary action against President Zuma.
Party leader, Julius Malema, says abiding by the oath is a pre-requisite for every president and this is precisely why the courts have to intervene.
“We are now taking the matter to court to have Baleka compelled by the court to discipline Zuma because the Constitutional Court was not going to say to us discipline Zuma or remove Zuma. They just said he did wrong things. What happens next is for parliament to institute an impeachment process or disciplinary action to take further the decision of the Constitutional Court. The Constitutional Court can't say this person acted unconstitutionally and it ends there. If you allow parliament to continue as if nothing happened from the Constitutional Court you are rendering the Constitutional Court useless.”
As part of its campaign to force President Zuma out of office, the party is planning a series of boycotts during the parliamentary sittings where he is part of the proceedings.
Malema says the EFF cannot sit and watch while the country's constitution is being disregarded
Malema says the EFF cannot sit and watch while the country's constitution is being disregarded.
“We are a country that is constituted by cowards who have accepted that a person who has compromised the oath of office can continue to occupy the office. Those that say we must adhere to the constitution are called names by those who have become comfortable with criminals occupying the highest office even when they have disregarded the oath.”
Malema has also warned that the governing party, the African National Congress (ANC), runs the risk of losing more support during 2019 general elections due to its continued failure to act against president Zuma.
Malema says 2016's local government election results should serve as a wake-up call for the ANC.
“The ANC is going to lose Gauteng and they must again blame that on Zuma because their failure to remove Zuma and discipline Zuma is eating on their votes and in 2019. They must know that the EFF, when it comes to coalition politics, will remember those beatings they were doing in parliament in the same way we did when we were constituting Tshwane, Johannesburg and Nelson Mandela.”
The EFF says it has, meanwhile, asked the Independent Police Investigative Directorate (IPID) to probe the use of police officers disguised as parliamentary security officials during the SONA last week.
[Source: SABC]
Comments
comments
The cost calculator is intended to provide a ballpark estimate for information purposes only and is not to be considered an actual quote of your total moving cost. Data provided by Moving Pros Network LLC. More…
The calculator is based on industry average costs. Your move costs may vary depending on the actual weight of your goods, the services you request or are needed to complete the move, and/or on the pricing of each individual mover. Also, certain costs are not reflected in this calculation, for example any fuel surcharge that may be applicable at the time of your move and valuation costs.
Rail passengers will discover how much more they will pay for train travel in the new year when the latest inflation figures are released on Tuesday.
Official data is predicted to show the Retail Price Index (RPI) hit 3.5% in July, in line with the figure seen in June.
July's RPI figure is crucial for commuters because the rate is used to calculate how many prices will go up by next year.
The overall cost of living will also be in sharp focus on Tuesday as wages struggle to keep pace with inflation.
The Consumer Price Index measure of inflation was forecast to reach 2.7% last month, up from 2.6% in June, according to consensus figures.
Annual average weekly earnings data will be released on Wednesday and is expected to remain at 1.8% for the three months to July, the same rate for the three months to June.
Alan Clarke, head of European fixed income strategy at Scotiabank, is forecasting CPI to hit 2.8%, driven in part by rising price tags on food.
He said: ''Food price falls came to a fairly abrupt end in the aftermath of the Brexit vote, particularly on the back of the sharp fall in the GBP exchange rate.
''Indeed, food prices have risen for seven of the last eight months - with last month being the exception, showing a 0.2% month-on-month fall.
''Overall, we view last month's downward adjustment in inflation as temporary and the peak in inflation is yet to be reached.''
The main downward pressure on the cost of living in June came from fuel, which saw the fourth consecutive month of falling prices, dropping 1.1% month on month.
Food was driving the upward pressure on everyday prices, with costs easing back by a smaller 0.3% in June compared with a 0.4% fall for the same month last year.
Andrew Goodwin, lead UK economist at Oxford Economics, said falling fuel prices will continue to weigh on the cost of living in July, keeping CPI at 2.6%.
He said: ''The weekly data from Department for Energy and Climate Change suggests petrol prices fell by more than 1% in July and, with fuel costs having risen by almost 1% in the corresponding period of last year, this will put further downward pressure on inflation in July.
''However, set against this, we will see upward pressure from energy prices, as EDF's late-June hikes in gas and electricity bills hit the index.''
Despite the financial pressure, consumer spending has remained robust since the Brexit vote.
However, there is evidence suggesting households have been raiding money earmarked for savings, or using their credit cards, in order to keep spending.
The Bank of England expects inflation to peak at 3% by the autumn of this year.
U.S. President Donald Trump, in a meeting with French President Emmanuel Macron in the Oval Office on Tuesday warned Iran against restarting Nuclear Programme.
Trump said Iran would have bigger problems than ever before if it attempts to restart its nuclear programme.
“They're not going to be restarting anything. They restart it they're going to have big problems.
“Bigger than they're ever had before. And you can mark it down. They restart their nuclear program, they will have bigger problems than they've ever had before,'' Trump told reporters.
Trump and Macron are scheduled to discuss the Iran nuclear deal, also known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), during the meetings.
Trump has repeatedly criticised the JCPOA negotiated by the previous U.S. President Barack Obama's administration as being perhaps the worst deal in U.S. history and threatened to withdraw the United States from the agreement if it was not amended.
On July 14, 2015, China, Germany, France, Russia, the United Kingdom and the United States collectively referred to as the P5+1 group signed the JCPOA with Iran.
The accord stipulated a gradual lifting of anti-Iran sanctions in exchange for Tehran maintaining a peaceful nature of its nuclear programme. (Sputnik/NAN)
The Lister Thunder Aims to Put a Smile On Your Face
Set to cost a cool £139,950, the stunning Lister Thunder is the latest project from British marque Lister Motor Company. The automaker's fastest and most powerful car to date is based the new Jaguar F-Type and it's all set to make its first appearance at the Historic Motorsport International show between February 15th and 18th.
Lister Motor Company announced that this sports car will be produced in a limited run of just 99 units and we're pretty sure they will sell out pretty fast. Set to boast 666 hp, from a supercharged 5.0-liter V8, this car will be almost as fast as a thunder, going from 0 to 62 mph (100 km/h) in just a bit over 3 seconds and maxing out at 200 mph (322 km/h).
Design-wide, the Lister Thunder is a lot sportier than the standard F-Type, including custom-made carbon fiber elements, a new front spoiler, an extended splitter, custom bonnet vents and Lister decals.
At the back there's even more carbon fiber, with a sporty diffuser housing the large Lister carbon exhaust tips that should give this car a more thriling sound. Customers are also encouraged to go for the carbon fiber bonnet, or decide upon a retro-fit carbon kit that could be equipped on any F-Type models for exactly £19,950.
The car's interior was also refined a little, including Bridge of Weir Nappa leather, Lister logos stitched into the headrests and a redesigned dashboard. Speaking of which, the dashboard, door cards, roof lining and steering wheel were all hand-stitched in matching Nappa leather.
It seems Lister Motor Company aims to take Jaguars to the next level, something most of us are OK with. But is this enough?
Halloween franchise actress Daisy McCrackin and actor Joseph Capone were subject to a brutal and violent kidnapping and ransom attempt last year. The three kidnappers, Andre Stewart, Johntae Jones, and Amber Neal, have all been indicted by a Los Angeles Grand Jury on charges and are facing as much as life in prison if they are convicted. McCrackin and Capone were kidnapped at her residence on May 3, 2017, according to the indictment. The kidnappers held them for a ransom of $10,000.
Daisy McCrackin, who appeared in 2002's Halloween: Resurrection, and Joseph Capone were held for roughly two days by the kidnappers. They were trying to receive a ransom from McCrackin and Capone was pulled into the situation. Capone got the worst of the kidnappers' treatment as he was under threat of "a substantial likelihood of death" during the incident. He was deprived of food for 30 hours after being forced to strip naked and get into a bathtub at Johntae Jones' home. At one point, while trying to protect McCrackin, he was severely beaten, punched and kicked for attempting to aid the actress.
Andre Stewart, per the indictment, "did unlawfully and maliciously deprive Joseph Capone of a member of the body and did disable, disfigure and render it useless," during the kidnapping. There hasn't been any clarification on that particular detail as of this time. Stewart also cut and disabled Capone's tongue, "put out an eye," and cut his nose, ear and lip, according to the indictment.
The kidnappers stole Daisy McCrackin's 2011 Lexus. To attempt to get the ransom, Johntae Jones and Amber Neal drove McCrackin to two different Bank of America locations. She was forced to pull out $100 and then wrote a check for the full $10,000 amount, which was deposited into the kidnapper's accounts. According to the indictment, Neal also forged a document transferring ownership of the Lexus into her name. Following the bank trip, McCrackin was dropped off at her home and called local police and informed them of what had taken place.
According to the District Attorney, all three suspects were tracked down by police and arrested. Amber Neal was released following the arrest and it's not clear why she was released as of this time. However, she was taken into custody by police recently, which was captured on video and posted to Twitter. Authorities confirmed that the woman in the video was, in fact, Neal.
None of Joseph Capone's acting credits were disclosed, but he was described as an actor in the indictment. It hasn't been made clear if any of the harm he suffered at the hands of the kidnappers left any permanent or lasting damage. The indictment also alleges that both Andre Stewart and Johntae Jones were in possession of methamphetamine, which they intended to sell. Jones' and Amber Neal's bail was set at $1 million, Stewart's set at $2 million. A pretrial hearing is scheduled for July 23. This news comes to us courtesy of NBC News.
President of the Senate, Dr. Abubakar Bukola Saraki, has outlined the focus of the Senate upon resumption from recess to include passing other aspects of the Petroleum Industry Bill.
He said in a statement that both the Administrative and Fiscal Policy Bills for the Petroleum Industry as key parts of the priorities for the 8th Senate in the next 22 months.
Speaking on the issues that will take up the Senate's time over the next 22-months, Saraki stated that it will focus on Bills aimed at repositioning the national economy so as to enable it address the rising unemployment and strengthening Nigeria's democracy through legislative oversight on government establishments.
He added that other issues that would pre-occupy the upper legislative chamber are the need to entrench transparency in governance at all levels and creating universal health coverage law.
He said that the Senate will stop at nothing in strengthening the institution of the Senate by ensuring that people begin to understand the role of parliament in the governing of the nation.
“From Day One, this Senate had its own legislative agenda. You will see that some of the things we have been doing, are working our way through this agenda, in order to cross items off our list and deliver on our promised change.
“This has allowed us to treat more petitions than any other parliament in our nation's history, and pass more Bills at the mid-term mark.
“This is why, as we return in September, we will be finalizing on our infrastructure and social intervention pieces of legislation.
“These are laws that will not only make it easier for small and medium enterprises across the nation to do business.
“We will make laws that would create ample opportunities for all Nigerians to realize their potentials.
“Additionally, the Host Community component of the Petroleum Industry Bill (PIB) which looks at the ecological debt incurred against communities where petroleum exploration happens, and the community participation and security of these communities will also be on the front-burner of our affairs. This is something Nigerians can watch out for.
“Similarly, the Industry Administration component of the PIB, which seeks to open up the industry for investment and growth, as well as create the much-needed expansion of the industry by allowing new entrants into the operations of the industry is now at the committee stage at the Senate. We will work to quickly pass the bill,” Saraki said.
The President of the Senate emphasized that even though the Senate only had less than 22-months to complete its term, with several noteworthy achievements already recorded, it would not take its foot off the pedal.
He said that although a lot had been done, the senate would continue to do more because it would take some time to feel the positive effects.
“This is why we will continue to keep pushing and keep pressing for the people that we represent.
“So that one day, they will look back and say that “Yes, truly, the 8th Senate really worked hard for us,” he said.
Like this: Like Loading...
A Turkish education foundation has so far assumed control of 108 schools abroad linked to Gülenist Terror Group (FETÖ), blamed for the 2016 coup attempt.
According to official figures compiled by Anadolu Agency (AA), a total of 9,633 students are currently studying in the schools taken over by the Maarif Foundation.
The Maarif Foundation (TMF) was established by Turkey after the coup attempt in order take over the administration of FETÖ-linked schools overseas. It also establishes schools and education centers abroad.
The foundation, as part of its strategic plan, continues to expand its efforts. It has made contact with officials from 83 countries so far and appointed directors in 39 countries. It recently opened 32 new schools in 11 countries - including Afghanistan, Bosnia Herzegovina, Macedonia, Sierra Leone and the U.S. - where 1,127 students are already in attendance.
The foundation had also taken over 76 FETÖ-linked schools, with 8,506 students, in the African countries of Guinea, Somalia, Sudan, Republic of Congo, Mali, Mauritania, Niger, Tunisia, Senegal and Chad. Some protocols have also been signed to take over new schools linked to FETÖ in 25 other countries.
The number of students, who are studying within the foundation across the world, is expected to reach 20,000 after the new schools in Afghanistan are taken over by the Maarif foundation in the near future.
Terrorist group FETÖ runs a global network of schools and companies. It has long disguised itself as a charity organization with religious affiliations before attempting to seize power in Turkey.
Both sides pressure Gov. Scott on schools bill
TALLAHASSEE, Fla. (The News Service of Florida) With a controversial and wide-ranging education bill now on his desk, Gov. Rick Scott faces intense pressure from both sides as he weighs whether to sign or veto the legislation.
Rumors have begun floating that Scott will sign HB 7069 later this week, but officially the governor maintains that he hasn't made a final decision.
Scott received the bill late Monday; he has until June 27 to sign the proposal, veto it or allow it to become law without his signature.
The 278-page bill, which emerged in the closing days of the regular legislative session, deals with everything from charter schools and standardized tests to sunscreen and school uniforms.
The legislation was a priority of House Speaker Richard Corcoran, R-Land O' Lakes, and opponents fear that Scott agreed to sign the bill in exchange for having his priorities approved during a special session last week.
But at an event Tuesday to celebrate the outcome of the special session, Scott told reporters he was still considering the measure.
“We all want school choice,” Scott said. “We want to make sure our kids go to the best schools. … With regard to 7069, I'm still reviewing it. I know the speaker's very passionate about it. It was something that was very important to him.”
The Legislature's passage of the bill was greeted by a firestorm of protest from school boards, superintendents, the state's main teachers and other education advocates. Lee County schools superintendent Dr. Gregory Adkins stood with dozens of district teachers last week in calling for Scott to veto the bill, a move Scott has hinted he's considering.
Scott even made comments that hinted that he was considering a veto.
Critics of the bill said provisions meant to help charter schools move into neighborhoods with academically struggling schools, as well as a portion of the bill that would allow charter schools to tap local property-tax dollars for school construction, would lead to the privatization of Florida's education system. They also slammed the last-minute appearance of the legislation, which folded together a slate of education bills that had been debated separately.
In recent weeks, though, supporters of the legislation have cranked up their efforts to promote the bill. Some conservative groups and school-choice supporters have worked to get parents of students served by choice programs involved in the fight.
They point to the proposal's more popular components, like teacher bonuses and mandatory recess for elementary students.
Backers also emphasize that, while charter schools are often operated by private groups, they are public schools that might help turn around troubled school districts.
The result has been a deluge of tens of thousands of messages for and against the bill pouring into Scott's office. As of Tuesday afternoon, the governor's office said it had received 23,440 phone calls, emails, letters or petition signatures backing the legislation. Opponents had generated 22,734 messages against it.
Opponents have dominated in phone calls and emails, while supporters of the bill seem to favor letters, perhaps because of letter-writing campaigns by schools that would be helped by the legislation.
Those who support the bill concede that they were slower than opponents to organize for the legislation.
Shawn Frost, president of the conservative Florida Coalition of School Board Members, said supporters have now managed to rally parents affected by the legislation.
“What I've seen is, parents have been alerted to the fact of what it would mean to them. … I think a big part has been educating parent groups about the truth of 7069,” said Frost, whose group supports the measure.
The LIBRE Initiative, a conservative Hispanic group tied to the Koch brothers, has launched an online email drive and sent out mail pieces in English and Spanish promoting the bill. In a statement last month, the group's coalitions director, Cesar Grajales, said the bill “aims to free Florida's neediest students from this unacceptable education status-quo.”
“We urge Gov. Scott to quickly sign this bill and remove unnecessary barriers to new charter schools so our students don't have to remain stuck in schools that are failing to provide a quality education,” Grajales said.
Those fighting the bill question the outpouring of support, suggesting that misinformation and so-called “astroturfing” efforts might be behind some of it. They also highlight reports that some charter schools have offered extra credit or other benefits for families that sent messages of support for the bill to Scott.
“I think that what we're seeing is sort of a manufactured situation,” said Kathleen Oropeza, co-founder of the advocacy group Fund Education Now, which opposes the measure.
And opponents have not backed off. Two Democratic lawmakers issued letters Monday renewing calls for Scott to veto the bill.
“While there are small pockets of good policy hidden within this bill, it is a monstrosity when coupled with the multitude of bad policies that have been included,” wrote Sen. Gary Farmer, D-Fort Lauderdale.
Improving outlook Reporting on Monday was business and company sales specialist K3 (LSE: K3C). It announced a trading update for the first six months of the year and it demonstrated…
Finding shares which offer a mix of high earnings growth prospects and a low valuation could be somewhat challenging at the moment. Certainly, growth potential is high across a number of different sectors, but finding companies with low valuations is tough after a major Bull Run in recent years. However, here are two smaller companies that could perform well in future and even help you to become a millionaire.
We will use your email address only to keep you informed about updates to our web site and about other products and services that we think might interest you. The Motley Fool respects your privacy! Please read our Privacy Statement.
Register by giving us your email below to continue reading all of the content on the site. Soon you will also begin to receive our FREE email newsletter, The Motley Fool Collective. It features straightforward advice on what's really happening with the stock market, direct to your inbox. It's designed to help you protect and grow your portfolio. (You may unsubscribe any time.)
Finding shares which offer a mix of high earnings growth prospects and a low valuation could be somewhat challenging at the moment. Certainly, growth potential is high across a number of different sectors, but finding companies with low valuations is tough after a major Bull Run in recent years.
However, here are two smaller companies that could perform well in future and even help you to become a millionaire.
Improving outlook
Reporting on Monday was business and company sales specialist K3 (LSE: K3C). It announced a trading update for the first six months of the year and it demonstrated a continued strong performance across all three of its divisions. It has seen a rise in revenue of around 34% compared to the same period of the previous year, while EBITDA (earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation) is 27% higher. Both sales and profit figures are within previous guidance.
Encouragingly, the company continues to gain recognition and improve market share across its three brands. It is also pursuing its stated strategy of increasing the average deal size across the company. And with a significant pipeline, it seems to be well-placed to perform well in future.
Looking ahead, K3 is expected to record a rise in earnings of 18% in the next financial year. Despite such a positive outlook, it trades on a price-to-earnings growth (PEG) ratio of just 0.7. This suggests that it offers good value for money even after its 27% share price rise over the last year. As such, it could be a stock that is worth buying, with its risk/reward ratio seemingly attractive for the long term.
Return to form
While many shares in the index are enjoying record levels of profitability, there are still a number of turnaround opportunities. For example, online advertising specialist RhythmOne (LSE: RTHM) has experienced three successive years of losses. This has caused investor sentiment in the company to deteriorate, with its stock price declining by 53% in the last year.
However, under its current management team the company appears to be making significant progress. In the current year it is due to report a return to profitability. It is expected to follow this up with a rise in earnings of 341% in the next financial year. Clearly, this is a hugely optimistic outlook for the business and there is a chance that forecasts may change between now and the end of the next financial year.
Investors, though, seem to have factored-in the uncertainty which may still face the company. RhythmOne has a price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio of just 5.7 and this suggests that there could be significant upside ahead. After a year in which the company's stock price has performed poorly, there could be a clear catalyst to push its valuation higher. In an industry where rapid growth could be ahead, the company could enjoy high growth over the long run.
A $2,500 reward is now being offered for information that leads to the return of six horses that were stolen last week from a ranch in Wetaskiwin County.
Thunder Valley Ranches is offering the reward, Cornelia Cameron shared on Facebook.
The family said the horses were stolen sometime between 4 p.m. Wednesday, Dec. 6 and 4 p.m. Thursday, Dec. 7.
The Cameron ranch is located on Highway 13, between Buck Lake and Winfield.
READ MORE: 6 horses stolen from central Alberta ranch: ‘They are like family to us'
While the family estimates the animals are worth close to $100,000, they said it was about more than money.
“They are family to us,” Cornelia explained in a Facebook post that was shared thousands of times.
“I was shocked and heartbroken,” she later told Global News, “but some of these horses are so valuable and it was right off the highway as well.
“I am appalled someone would do this and I never expected it would happen to us, but we hear of this stuff happening all of the time.”
One of the missing animals is Cornelia's show-jumping horse, which she described as “one-of-a-kind.”
Another missing animal is her sister's childhood pony and some of the others have been with the family for over 10 years.
The family has notified a brand inspector and Cornelia said they will hopefully forward the information to other auction markets.
Breton RCMP is also investigating the incident.
— With files from Global's Nicole de Champlain
Wages rose by most in 8 years in January as companies battle for workers
Comments
For folks like Kim Zolciak who don't believe that racism is still a thing these days, maybe they should spend time with teens like Noah Crawley and his racist friends.
The 18-year old Florida native decided to ask a Black girl from his school to prom with a sign that read, “If I was black, I'd be picking cotton, but I'm white, so I'm picking u 4 proms.”
Come on Noah. We have to do better than this. This is why racism is still a thing, “let me see what I can get away with”. Smh. #noahcrowley #lowkeyracism pic.twitter.com/tXvnEtcey9 — Cherita Is Random (@cheritaisrandom) April 23, 2018
There's nothing covert about this racism. And the girl he's asking to prom had the nerve to post heart eyes under the photo, as if she condones his behavior. Chillle!
How did kids come up with this stuff?!?! Who's teaching them? — sheryl lee ralph (@thesherylralph) April 24, 2018
Why did she 😍😍 the photo, she's eqequallyad for thinking this is cute and sweet. Ignorance — Hoosier mama (@akearsing) April 24, 2018
As most folks on Twitter pointed out, there were several other ways to go about this, Noah!
Like this Noah.. delivery guy goes to her door, she takes the box, opens it and this is there! See? Sweet, Fun, you can eat it? No racist sign you hold up that you will never live down. So you did not give this much thought right? jesus!! pic.twitter.com/nAaMIN2Fc5 — Private Investigator (@SAHCalifornia) April 23, 2018
We could really go in on little Noah if we wanted. But we're not sure if the kid is ignorant, has no game or just flat out racist. Either way, social media is definitely gonna let him have it for as long as possible.
Both Noah and the young lady in question are being investigated for their trash behavior.
via GIPHY
Also On Magic 95.9:
Ms. Jayathma Wickramanayake, the UN Secretary-General's Envoy on Youth, says that young people should be seen as assets, rather than liability.
Ms. Wickramanayake stated this while presenting the report on the findings of the independent progress study on “Youth, Peace and Security” to the Security Council.
She said this few days after President Muhammadu Buhari reportedly described Nigerian youths as being lazy.
She said the report pointed to two key issues that needed immediate attention.
First, she said, was the growing mistrust from young generations towards formal political institutions.
The other issue is the exclusion of young people from political, civic and economic life.
The study also showed that only a small minority of youth ever engaged in violence while many were actively engaging in their own local initiatives to bring peace to their communities.
“I believe we can all agree that my generation represents promise – not peril.
“We should be seen as an asset, not a problem,'' she told Council members.
The envoy said the report's findings and recommendations were an opportunity for the Council to redress the mistrust between young people, their government and the multilateral system.
This, she said, could be achieved by opening up new paths for meaningful participation and contribution.
Ms. Wickramanayake said tapping the potential and creativity of young people was indispensable to prevent conflict and build peace.
She urged governments to create conditions that allow their meaningful participation in civic and political lives.
The envoy underlined three critical areas – supporting youth's peace efforts; prioritising their political participation; and partnering with them.
“I will not ask you to let young people lead as they are already leading.
“But they need inclusive, safe spaces and enabling environments to succeed.
“Recognise their work, fund it, scale it up and protect it,” she said.
Ms. Wickramanayake also called for dispelling misconceptions surrounding youth, citing studies that illustrated only a small minority of young people ever engage in violence.
Yet, she added, they face suspicions and undue restrictions, including when it comes to travelling across borders.
Many, she added, had difficulties in obtaining travel permits.
She also called on all concerned to fully engage with young people in electoral processes, political party structures and not to consider them “too young to run” for public office.
Speaking alongside Ms. Wickramanayake, Graeme Simpson, the lead author of ‘The Missing Peace: independent progress study on youth, peace and security,' debunked assumptions and policy myths associated with the younger generation.
He said: “It necessitates a new culture and new societal norms, that do not demonise, romanticise or patronise youth.
“The interests of young people and the work they do, naturally traverses the pillars of peace, development and human rights.
“And they make it clear that protection and prevention are inseparable,'' Simpson added.
FILE - In this Nov. 9, 2017, file photo, Janet Jackson attends the 22nd Annual OUT100 Celebration Gala at the Altman Building in New York. Jackson wants to make it crystal clear: She will not be joining Justin Timberlake during the Super Bowl halftime show Sunday, Feb. 4, 2018. (Andy Kropa/Invision)
Together again? Not so much.
Janet Jackson has shut down any rumours that she will be joining Justin Timberlake during this year's Super Bowl halftime show.
“To put to rest any speculation or rumours as to whether I will be performing at the Super Bowl tomorrow; I will not,” Jackson said in a statement released Saturday. “Thank you for your support and I do look forward to seeing you all very soon.”
Timberlake is returning to the halftime show 14 years after a wardrobe malfunction with Jackson caused a national controversy. Timberlake was Jackson's special guest during her performance at that year's game and ripped off a piece of her clothing, revealing her nipple. Timberlake later described it as an unintended “wardrobe malfunction.”
CBS, which aired that Super Bowl, was fined $550,000 by the Federal Communications Commission, but the fine later was overturned.
The hashtags #JusticeforJanet and #JanetJacksonAppreciationDay became trending topics on Twitter days before Timberlake's record third trip to the stage at the Super Bowl, at which the Philadelphia Eagles will face the New England Patriots at the U.S. Bank Stadium on Sunday.
At a press conference on Thursday, Timberlake mentioned Jackson's name, along with Jay-Z and ‘NSync, when talking about rumoured guests to join him onstage. He was not asked any direct questions about Jackson or the infamous wardrobe malfunction.
When the NFL announced late last year that Timberlake would be returning to the Super Bowl, the decision triggered a backlash from women, minorities and others who felt Jackson was unfairly forced to pay a far higher price than Timberlake faced. Some argued that Jackson, as a black woman, fell victim to a racist and sexist double standard and received harsher treatment than Timberlake, as a white man, did, and they said he benefited from “white male privilege.”
When asked during an interview last month if he and Jackson have since made peace, Timberlake said, “Absolutely.”
He said he and Jackson have talked privately about what happened.
“I don't know that a lot of people know that,” Timberlake said. “I mean, I don't think it's my job to do that, because you value the relationships that you do have with people.”
Mesfin Fekadu, The Associated Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
By Sam Edwards
BARCELONA (Reuters) - A humanitarian rescue boat carrying 60 migrants rescued off Libya docked in Barcelona on Wednesday after being turned away by Malta and Italy, in the latest example of European divisions on immigration.
Spain's new Socialist prime minister, Pedro Sanchez, had offered for the second time in a month to take in migrants rejected by Italy and Malta, which where both closer.
Irregular immigration across the Mediterranean has fallen dramatically, with about 45,000 people making it to Europe across the sea this year compared to over a million in 2015, but politically it has become ever more divisive.
Last week, European Union states agreed to tighten their external borders and spend more in the Middle East and North Africa to bring down the number of migrants and to set up new centres to handle new arrivals.
In a video tweeted by a crew member, men, women and children sang and cheered as the rescue ship Open Arms, operated by the Spanish charity ProActiva Open Arms, arrived in Barcelona's busy port to dock alongside cruise and cargo ships.
ProActiva founder Oscar Camps said that while the Open Arms made the four day journey to Barcelona, hundreds more migrants had drowned in the Mediterranean Sea, where no humanitarian boats are currently patrolling.
"We have arrived (in Barcelona) with our cupboards bare but with 60 lives. We have to make do with that for the time being," he said at a news conference after the boat docked.
Last month, Spain accepted 629 migrants on another charity rescue boat, the Aquarius.
Barcelona mayor Ada Colau said Spain must continue to accept migrants and make permanent the reception infrastructure put in place for the arrival of the Open Arms boat.
"We proved we could do it with the Aquarius and again with Open Arms so it is the duty of all of us, but especially the institutions, to continue doing this in all cases," Colau said, speaking at a news conference alongside several European Members of Parliament.
"What we cannot allow is that this only happens for high-profile cases in the media. That would be an enormous hypocrisy and one for which we could never forgive ourselves," she added.
The migrants, including five women and four children, are of various nationalities, including Palestinians, Syrians and Guineans. Eleven people received medical attention for injuries, none of them serious.
Most Spaniards are in favour of welcoming and helping to integrate refugees, and feel that their previous, conservative government did not do enough, pollsters say.
(Reporting by Sam Edwards; Editing by Kevin Liffey, William Maclean)
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed.
Prasthanam director Deva Katta to co-direct Netflix's Baahubali prequel with SS Rajamouli
Telugu filmmaker Deva Katta has been roped in to co-direct Sivagami, the upcoming Netflix show based on the prequel book The Rise of Sivagami. Spread across three seasons, the series will explore characters such as Kattappa and Sivagami and their history. The Prasthanam director will join SS Rajamouli who was at the helm of the super successful Baahubali films.
The series will be made on a lavish budget of 2 million dollars per episode. Speaking on his association with the project, Katta says, "The Baahubali series made a huge impact with its unique way of storytelling. This prequel promises to amp up the excitement of all the Baahubali fans. I am really honoured to be part of this project and be able to work with Rajamouli sir."
Katta is also making his Bollywood directorial debut with the Hindi remake of Prasthanam. The film is currently in production and marks the reunion of Sanjay Dutt and Manisha Koirala after a gap of 10 years. The original Prasthanam had created a lot of buzz in the Telugu industry and went on to become a superhit, winning several awards.
Katta has also delivered other hits in the romance and drama genre, Autonagar Surya and Vennela being his best known.
(Also read: Baahubali adapted into manga in Japan by Akira Fukaya, announces director SS Rajamouli)
Updated Date: Jul 04, 2018 16:35 PM
Two Montrealers who suffer from incurable diseases are not eligible for medical aid in dying because their deaths are not deemed imminent. As Global's Anne Leclair reports, the pair is hoping their legal challenge will help re-establish their right to die with dignity.
Artist Michael Parker works on installing a new water-themed art piece he created in the Center Circle Garden at the Sturt Haaga Gallery on Monday. Curator Debra Scacco is excited about the exhibition, which will open Sept. 17 and is entitled La Reina de Los Ángeles. (Tim Berger / La Cañada Valley Sun)
Xiaomi's first Android One smartphone — the Mi A1 — is getting a permanent price drop of Rs 1,000. This will bring down the price of the phone from Rs 14,999, its launch price from September, to Rs 13,999.
Xiaomi India head Manu Kumar Jain tweeted the announcement to his followers on his Twitter page. The phone is available to be purchased on Flipkart and Mi.com.
Currently, only the Gold and Black variants of the phone are available on sale on Flipkart, although Jain's tweet shows a Rose Gold variant as well. The Rose Gold variant of the Xiaomi Mi A1 was announced towards the end of November.
Great news Mi Fans: announcing a permanent price drop of ₹ 1000 on Mi A1! 🙌#MiA1: picture perfect flagship dual camera phone. Now available for a perfect price of ₹13,999! Buy it from https://t.co/lzFXOcGyGQ and @Flipkart. pic.twitter.com/PWplnIMC71 — Manu Kumar Jain (@manukumarjain) December 10, 2017
The Xiaomi Mi A1 comes with a metal unibody design. It sports a 5.5-inch FullHD display that is protected by Corning Gorilla Glass. The Mi A1's rounded edges give the phone a premium feel and it has a fingerprint sensor located at the back. In terms of hardware, the phone has 4 GB of RAM and 64 GB of internal storage which is expandable via a microSD card. It runs on a Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 chipset which has an octa-core processor which is clocked at 2.0 GHz and employs Adreno 506 GPU.
In the camera department, the phone has a dual-camera with a 12 MP wide-angle sensor and a 12 MP telephoto lens. This enables 2x optical zoom and helps create the bokeh effect which blurs the subject's background. The camera also offers up to 10x digital zoom and has dual-flash as well. On the front of the phone is a 5 MP selfie camera.
We were quite impressed with the Xiaomi Mi A1. Here's our summation of the review of the Mi A1:
Xiaomi offers a well rounded phone at Rs 14,999 with stock Android to boot. If you are in the market for a Rs 15,000 phones, you will not go wrong with the Xiaomi Mi A1. Of course, you will have to factor in one of its major drawbacks — poor low light photography. But that apart, there is fairly little to complain with the Mi A1. And thankfully, it will not just be available on flash sales which gets over in seconds. Xiaomi has also partnered with a lot of offline retail partners for the Mi A1.
The Rs 13,999 price tag on the Xiaomi Mi A1, will heat up the competition between it and the Honor 7X (priced at Rs 12,999), Asus Zenfone 4 Selfie (priced at Rs 14,999), Moto G5S Plus (priced at Rs 14,499) and the Moto G5 Plus (priced at Rs 13,999).
Eric MacKeigan is thankful for the support shown by the community to help him after he decided to have his leg amputated.
Born with spina bifida, the 37-year-old Brantford man has endured about two dozen surgeries in his life, including placement of a shunt in his brain, closing a "hole" in his back and many foot rotations.
Earlier this year, he decided to proceed with the amputation of his right leg instead of another foot rotation, which requires the breaking of bones and a recovery of many months. "It was something I had thought about for a while," said MacKeigan, who was born with a club foot.
He set up an online fundraising account to seek donations so he could install a chairlift for the staircase inside his two-storey home. He knew he and his wife, Christie, could not afford the cost.
The community responded, raising $7,250 in just a few months.
"Some people gave what they could and some gave more than they could," said MacKeigan, who was featured in an Expositor article.
And he got an offer for an outdoor lift for his home from a Brantford woman.
"We saw his article in the paper and thought we could help him out," said Janet Goddard, whose dad suffered from Parkinson's disease and recently passed away.
Goddard offered a lift for the MacKeigans' porch at a discounted price. The lift travelled from the Brampton house of Goddard's sister.
"I now use it on a daily basis," said MacKeigan.
Now, MacKeigan said he hopes to obtain a prosthetic leg built for him.
"These are like loner parts," he said, looking down at his current prosthetic limb. "I'm trying to get enough money so I can get my leg."
MacKeigan said the prosthetic leg he needs costs about $5,000.
He said he hopes he will be able to gather the money he needs without having to reopen his online fundraising account.
He works as a scroll saw artist, making personalized wooden signs. He said he takes great care in creating his pieces.
He said the day can be a struggle.
"You don't know you can't do the little things, until you try to do them."
He said he does not regret his decision to proceed with the amputation.
"It was my choice. I didn't want to get to a point where it wasn't my choice. Maybe I wouldn't be ready then."
And MacKeigan said he remains positive.
"You're life only stops if you want it to."
This Independence day, three reporters travel to four border states Kashmir, Bengal, Punjab, and Rajasthan to find stories of hope, fear, optimism and contentment from India's frontier villages.
Filmed and Produced by Adi Prakash
Reported by Debayan Roy, Sheikh Saliq, Uday Singh Rana
Post-produced by Hitesh Singh
All of my belongings were in storage and I was living out of the second bedroom of my best friend's apartment while her son was off at college. Unless you knew my situation, you had no idea that I was homeless — but I was. That's why I can tell you now that the 2018 Greater Los Angeles Homeless Count is going to be woefully inaccurate and the full magnitude of the crisis underreported if we continue to put the focus only on the homeless people we can see.
Each year a big deal is made over the thousands of volunteers who hit the streets in search of homeless people to count. These volunteers look under freeway overpasses, in cars and riverbed encampments, shelters, transitional housing, nursing homes, hospitals, even jails. But where they don't look (or count) is in L.A.'s pay-by-the-day or -week motels and on the couches, floors, garages and spare rooms inside the homes of friends and relatives.
It's no secret that Los Angeles has a homelessness crisis — but what is less talked about are the homeless people we can't see. These are the homeless people who are scraping by just enough to pay for a bed bug–infested motel room or whose relatives and friends have taken pity on them.
Scattered storms for Thursday
FORT MYERS, Fla. There will be a high of 89 degrees with scattered storms Thursday, WINK meteorologist Matt Devitt said.
“We will see scattered storms starting around lunch time,” Devitt said. “Heavy downpours, cloud to ground lightning and gusty winds are all possible within those stronger cells.”
View and hourly forecast here.
Tennessee quarterback Marcus Mariota will be a game-time decision for Sunday's matchup against the Dolphins.
Mariota was listed Friday as questionable for the game in Miami after being limited in practice for the third consecutive day with a left hamstring injury suffered last week in a 57-14 loss at Houston.
“I've been able to get out there for a little bit, but the majority of practice I do a lot of rehab. My first and foremost goal is to get healthy, and that's what I've been working on,” Mariota said Friday.
Mariota said he needs to have some mobility in order to be able to play. The Titans (2-2) are talking about letting him take part in Saturday's walk-through. But a final decision might not be reached until 90 minutes before kickoff Sunday when the list of inactives is due.
“I think if I'm able to move around and am able to hand the ball off, and am able to drop back, then I'll definitely play,” Mariota said. “It's a tough decision. It's a decision that was made this past Sunday in Houston. It's never easy for an athlete. To that point, I'm going to do my best to get healthy, and hopefully, I'll be ready to go.”
If Mariota is unable to start, then backup Matt Cassel will start. He took the bulk of the first-team reps in practice this week after struggling last week coming off the bench. Cassel was intercepted twice with one returned for a touchdown and stripped of the ball when sacked. Brandon Weeden, signed Tuesday as insurance, would be the backup if Mariota does not play.
Both wide receiver Corey Davis and safety Johnathan Cyprien are out again this week. Both players have missed multiple weeks with hamstring injuries of their own.
NFL fines
Baltimore linebacker Za'Darius Smith and Washington cornerback Bashaud Breeland have been fined $18,231 by the NFL for hits last weekend.
Smith was called for roughing the passer after hitting Pittsburgh's Ben Roethlisberger in the Ravens' loss to the Steelers. Breeland made a horsecollar tackle of Kansas City running back Kareem Hunt in the third quarter of the Redskins' loss to the Chiefs last Monday night.
Oakland punter Marquette King was docked $9,115 by the league after he threw a football at a Denver Broncos player following a failed fake punt. He was penalized 15 yards for unsportsmanlike conduct. Jacksonville linebacker Paul Posluszny was fined $9,115 for taunting Jets linebacker Dylan Donahue after Donahue got hurt during a punt when he hit the Jaguars veteran. Philadelphia's Vinny Curry and Indianapolis' Jonathan Hankins were also fined $9,115 — both for unnecessary roughness.
Etc.
Green Bay Packers running back Ty Montgomery is listed as doubtful to play against the Dallas Cowboys on Sunday because of broken ribs. Montgomery got hurt in last week's win over the Chicago Bears. He appeared to be wearing a flak jacket under his jersey while practicing on a limited basis this week. Backup running back Jamaal Williams, who hurt his knee in the Bears game, was dropped from the injury report on Friday and should be available against Dallas. … New York Jets running back Matt Forte (turf toe) and defensive lineman Kony Ealy (shoulder) will miss Sunday's game against the Cleveland Browns because of injuries. Bilal Powell is expected to get the start a week after he rushed for a career-high 163 yards against Jacksonville. …
The Kansas City Chiefs will be without center Mitch Morse and right guard Laurent Duvernay-Tardif when they face J.J. Watt and the Houston Texans' defensive front Sunday night. Morse remains sidelined after spraining his foot last month against Philadelphia, while Duvernay-Tardif was ruled out after spraining his left knee last Monday night against Washington. … Bills coach Sean McDermott says it's uncertain whether starting cornerback E.J. Gaines (groin) will play in Buffalo's game at Cincinnati on Sunday. In updating the status on other injured players, McDermott says he's “fairly confident” defensive end Shaq Lawson will return after missing one game because of a groin injury. …
Iran warns on huge energy intensity
2017-08-14 14:57 | www.trend.az | 1
Baku, Azerbaijan, Aug. 14
By Dalga Khatinoglu – Trend:
The energy intensity in Iran is four times more than global average, Deputy Head of the Iran Power Generation and Transmission Company (TAVANIR) Mahmoud Reza Haghifam said, Aug. 14.
He also mentioned that peak demand of power in Iran increased by 7 percent during the current fiscal year, Tasnim reported.
Measured as energy consumption per unit of gross domestic product (GDP), Iranian energy intensity is very high, which was led to vast energy waste and inappropriate consumption due to high governmental subsidies.
Iran ranks first in the allocation of the fossil-fuel subsidies ($60 billion in 2016) in the world, according to the International Energy Agency.
According to official statistics, energy intensity in Iran increased significantly during last decades, while the statistics of the US Energy Information Administration indicate that the index in the world decreased by nearly one-third between 1990 and 2015.
Iran had allocated $13.556 billion worth of subsidies to electricity in 2016, about $21 billion – to oil and around $18 billion – to gas.
According to the International Energy Agency, energy intensity index in Iran is one of the highest in the world (twice as much as the world average) and has been increasing on average of about 3.4 percent per year over the past 40 years.
The country needs a $200 billion investment in total to halve its energy intensity by 2021.
* Energy intensity (barrel per 1 million rials)
Iran consumed 1.742 mb/d of oil products (including 26,800 b/d in power sector), 204 bcm of refined gas (including 61 bcm in power sector) and about 280 TWh of electricity, of which more than 80 percent was generated by thermal power plants in 2016.
Iran's GDP at current market prices had reached $409.823 billion in 2016.
ISLAMABAD - After the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and the Asian Development Bank (ADB), the World Bank too has projected that Pakistan will miss the economic growth target of 5.7 percent during the current fiscal year (FY2017).
“The economy is projected to grow by 5.2 percent in FY2017,” the WB noted in its latest report “South Asia Economic Focus, Globalization Backlash”. On the demand side, the near-term growth outlook will primarily be supported by public and private consumption. Investment to GDP ratio will improve marginally due to CPEC and other public investment. On the supply side, impetus to growth is projected to come from services and the industrial sector. The services sector is expected to grow by 5.6 percent and the industrial sector is expected to grow by 6.1 percent in FY2017. After a weak performance in FY2016, the agriculture sector is expected to grow at 3.4 percent in FY2017.
The IMF in its latest report had observed Pakistan's GDP growth at 5 percent for the FY2017. The Asian Development Bank (ADB) had also projected Pakistan's economic growth at 5.2 percent for the current fiscal year. The government has forecast 5.7 percent growth target for the ongoing financial year. However, the growth would be nine years high, if it goes to around 5 percent.
The World Bank has also mentioned significant downside risks to the projected outlook that included upcoming national election in 2018, which might affect reform momentum and macroeconomic policy orientation. “Slower progress in much-needed structural reforms could weaken growth prospects. A stable PKR/US$ nominal exchange rate has resulted in appreciation of Real Effective Exchange Rate (REER). Furthermore, lingering uncertainty about the course of US economic policy and the possibility of a protracted global economic weakness, especially in the Euro area due to Brexit, could negatively affect exports. Pakistan is also vulnerable to any significant decline in remittance flows, particularly from oil-rich countries (around two thirds of all remittances), if oil prices remain depressed,” the WB noted.
The Bank has also observed that budget and current accounts deficits would enhance as against the projection of the government. The current account deficit is expected to widen from 1.2 percent of GDP in FY2016 to 2.2 percent in FY2017 and 2.4 percent by FY2019. The key contributor to this will be a widening of the trade deficit due to moderate growth in exports (due to weakening of exports competitiveness and global demand) and higher growth in imports due to increased economic activity.
The fiscal deficit is projected to be 4.8 percent in FY2017 as against 4.1 percent revised target of the government. This widening is primarily driven by slower increase in government tax revenues (both federal and provincial) coupled with decline in non-tax revenues.
Inflation has already bottomed out. Projected increases in economic activity and an expected gradual increase in energy prices will push up domestic prices. Inflation is projected to increase from 2.9 percent in FY2016 to 5 percent in FY2017 and 7 percent in FY2019, according to the report.
FDI flows will strengthen due to the accelerated implementation of CPEC projects. Official foreign exchange reserves are projected to decline to 3.2 months of imports by FY2019 due to larger current account deficit, and higher debt repayments (due to IMF repayments) in FY2018.
Low oil prices will also improve the current account deficit and create an environment conducive for a reduction in energy subsidies.
Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier resigned from the U.S. President Donald Trump's American Manufacturing Council Monday following Trump's comments stemming from the racist demonstrations in Charlottesville, Va. over the weekend.
In a statement, the boss of one the America's largest pharmaceutical companies, resigned from Trump's council, citing “a responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism.”
“I am resigning from the President's American Manufacturing Council. Our country's strength stems from its diversity and the contributions made by men and women of different faiths, races, sexual orientations and political beliefs,” Frazier said in a statement. “America's leaders must honour our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred, bigotry and group supremacy, which run counter to the American ideal that all people are created equal.
“As CEO of Merck and as a matter of personal conscience, I feel a responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism.”
Frazier's resignation comes shortly after a violent confrontation between white supremacists and protesters in Charlottesville, Va., that left one person dead and 19 injured.
Trump is being criticized for not explicitly condemning the white nationalists who marched in Charlottesville. The president blamed bigotry on “many sides.”
READ MORE: How the ‘Unite the Right' rally turned violent and sparked backlash against Donald Trump
“We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides, on many sides,” Trump said. “It's been going on for a long time in our country. Not Donald Trump, not Barack Obama, it's been going on for a long, long time.”
Trump lashed out almost immediately at Frazier on Twitter, saying Frazier “will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES!”
Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President's Manufacturing Council,he will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 14, 2017
After Trump's comments on Sunday, the White House issued a statement to further add that “the president said very strongly in his statement yesterday that he condemns all forms of violence, bigotry and hatred and of course that includes white Supremacists, KKK, neo-Nazi and all extremist groups.”
Charlottesville erupted in violence following Friday night's “Unite the Right” rally, where a large group of white nationalists marched with torches to protest the planned removal of a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee from Emancipation Park, the latest in a growing and controversial movement to take down Confederate statues and monuments in various U.S. cities.
-with a file from the Associated Press.
Capitol Report
By State Representative, Leon D. Young
America has some serious soul-searching to do! In the wake of two more school shootings last week in Texas and Georgia, it remains to be seen if federal and state lawmakers, and Republicans in particular, are finally ready to introduce some meaningful measures to thwart the never-ending gun violence that plagues this nation.
Texas Governor Greg Abbott, a Republican and staunch gun rights defender, wasted no time in announcing his plan to convene “roundtable discussions” on how to curb gun violence. In the aftermath of the horrific high school shooting that left 10 dead and 13 wounded, the governor went on record as having said:
”We need to do more than just pray for the victims and their families. It's time in Texas that we take action to step up and make sure this tragedy is never repeated ever again in the history of the state of Texas.”
This all sounds well and good on its face. But, before we get too excited Abbott's new-found religion on gun control, we should examine what precisely is this Republican governor proposing? And, equally important, is he truly interested in adequately addressing this issue?
After the second day of discussions on school and gun safety in the aftermath of the Santa Fe High School shooting, Gov. Abbott has listed several gun-related regulations he said he could support.
• Providing a grant to the Texas School Safety Center to train local school districts and law enforcement agencies on collaboration.
• Creating a statewide threat assessment system.
• Expanding a Lubbock program aimed at preventing at-risk students from committing violent acts.
• Creating a list of recommendations for all schools on how they can immediately make their school safer, like re-evaluating entrances and exits and placing law enforcement inside schools.
• Reporting the loss or theft of a gun.
• Shortening the time to report a mental health court judgment.
• After a mental health adjudication, denying a person the ability to access a gun.
• Promoting the safe storage of guns.
• Improving background checks and “red flag” warnings, where authorities could take guns away from people deemed to be dangerous.
And to no one's surprise, noticeably absence from these discussions, to date, has been the thorny issue of assault weapons. Let's not be naïve. Texas is an ultra-red state, and its current governor, Greg Abbott, has built his whole reputation around Second Amendment issues. He's up for re-election and many believe that his “softening stance” on gun control is merely a campaign ploy, intended to garner votes.
Summer is coming. Alice Bing/Flickr
The first heatwave of the meteorological summer is likely to strike Southern California tomorrow and Friday, forecasters say. And, after a slightly cooler weekend, the warm weather could reappear early next week.
A high pressure system over the Southwest's Four Corners is building and will push temperatures higher each weekday starting today, says National Weather Service meteorologist Robbie Munroe. "We have a ridge of high pressure expanding over the region," he says, "and it may continue building overhead next week."
The system will push wind down from the north, creating slight offshore conditions ideal for surfing at places like Malibu but not strong enough to trigger high wind advisories, Munroe says. Waves for tomorrow and Thursday will only reach about 2 to 3 feet, says Lidia Barillas, spokeswoman for the Los Angeles County Fire Department's Lifeguard Division.
Water temperatures will be cold, 59 to 64 degrees — a wetsuit-worthy range — but she says that won't dissuade Angelenos from dipping their toes. "Inland, if they're going to have hot weather, we're going to get beach crowds," Barillas says. "People will still come in the water. They may not last as long, though, compared to when the water is 70 degrees."
Lifeguards are still on spring deployment until Sunday, when summer staffing begins, she says. That means about every other tower will have a lifeguard, and on Sunday that switches to just about every tower. "We are gearing up for the summer season," she says. "We've already been pretty busy this year with rescues because of the warm weather inland. We've had high beach attendance."
Last year county lifeguards, who watch over 72 miles of coastline, performed more than 13,000 rescues.
On land, high temperatures downtown could reach the low 80s today, Munroe says. The valleys could see the upper 80s and lower 90s. Thursday could see the mid 80s downtown and the upper 90s in some parts of the valleys. By Friday — the peak of the wave — we could see 88 downtown and even some readings at 100 and above in hot valley communities like Woodland Hills, Munroe says.
The Los Angeles basin could get a break Saturday and Sunday as onshore flow generated by the cold Pacific fights back and pulls in some ocean breezes, Munroe says. Cooling could come in the form of several degrees of temperature loss near the coast but only a few down in warmer inland areas, he says. Then the heat could return Monday as high pressure fights back against the Pacific.
Stay cool. And swim, surf and body board near an occupied lifeguard tower, which will often include a chalkboard with the latest ocean conditions, Barillas says.
INGERSOLL -
The Christmas season was in full flight at Ingersoll's Festival of Lights and Santa's Festival Village.
The annual event wrapped up for the season Friday and Saturday after having hundreds of children and family's take part after it started Nov. 17 at the Ingersoll Cheese and Agricultural Museum.
“We come every year. I think this is the fourth time for us,” Jessica Phillips of London said of herself, husband Tom, five-year-old son Brandon and three-year-old daughter Madison to the event.
“It's a nice way to spend a couple of hours together as a family and the kids always love having their picture taken with Santa,” she added. “We came for the opening night with the fireworks and made sure to come again before they ended.”
The Santa's Village sees hundreds attend each night, Santa Festival Village coordinator Darlene Sutherland said, noting Dec. 2 had more than 500 participate and the first hour Friday saw more than 235 come through the doors.
Sutherland said this is the 12th year for the Festival of Lights and the 10th for Santa's Village.
For many, the event has become must do during the Christmas season and have people coming from throughout the region to see Santa Claus, the Festival of Lights and the different entertainment each night at 7 p.m.
“They come from all over. We have people from nearby like Ingersoll, Woodstock, Embro and a bit farther like Kitchener or London,” Sutherland said. “Last year we had someone from Vancouver who came and visited their family, but they time it so they can come for this.”
The four weekend long free event opened with fireworks and concluded Saturday with the candy cane hunt.
“It's all been positive. It's a free event, so it accommodates everyone. It's been well received. The opening night we start with fireworks and they're always phenomenal,” Sutherland said. “We go out with a boom as well with our annual candy cane hunt. That's a very big draw for family's.”
In the hectic month of December, when people are often running in all directions and balancing work, family time and buying presents, the Santa's Festival Village can offer a brief respite from the chaotic month.
“It's a nice family activity. We can have both our children have a few minutes with Santa, drink some hot chocolate and the kids love the entertainment show,” Peter Wilson said as his six-year-old son Shaun smiled and nodded in approval after watching Dotsy the Clown perform.
“This time of year is always crazy, so it's an excuse to get away for a few hours. The entire way here and then back home our son doesn't stop smiling.” Wilson said. “We'll definitely be back next year.”
gcolgan@postmedia.com
twitter.com/GregatWSR
LONDON: Digital currency bitcoin kicked off the new year by jumping above US$1,000 for the first time in three years late on Sunday, having outperformed all central-bank-issued currencies with a 125 percent climb in 2016.
Bitcoin - a web-based "cryptocurrency" that has no central authority, relying instead on thousands of computers across the world that validate transactions and add new bitcoins to the system - jumped 2.5 percent to US$1,022 on the Europe-based Bitstamp exchange, its highest since December 2013.
Though the digital currency has historically been highly volatile - a tenfold increase in its value in two months in late 2013 took it to above US$1,100, before a hack on the Tokyo-based Mt. Gox exchange saw it plunge to under US$400 in the following weeks - it has in the past two years been more stable.
Its biggest daily moves in 2016 were around 10 percent, still very volatile compared with fiat currencies, but markedly lower than the trading of 2013, which saw daily price swings of as much as 40 percent.
Bitcoin may have been boosted in the past year by increased demand in China on the back of a 7 percent annual fall in the value of the yuan in 2016, the Chinese currency's weakest showing in over 20 years. Data shows most bitcoin trading is done in China.
Bitcoin is used to move money across the globe quickly and anonymously and does not fall under the purview of any authority, making it attractive to those wanting to get around capital controls, such as China's.
It is also may appeal to those worried about a lack of supply of cash, such as in India, where Prime Minister Narendra Modi removed high-denomination banknotes from circulation in November.
"The growing war on cash, and capital controls, is making bitcoin look like a viable, if high risk, alternative," said Paul Gordon, a board member of the UK Digital Currency Association and co-founder of Quantave, a firm seeking to make it easier for institutional investors to access digital currency exchanges.
Though bitcoin is still some way off the all-time high of US$1,163 that it reached on the Bitstamp exchange in late 2013, there are now more bitcoins in circulation - 12.5 are added to the system every 10 minutes. Its total worth is at a record-high above US$16 billion, putting its value at around the same as that of an average FTSE 100 company.
(Reporting by Jemima Kelly; Editing by Peter Graff)
SRINAGAR - Four Indian soldiers and four freedom fighters were killed Tuesday in gunbattles in Held Kashmir, in the second outbreak of violence between security forces and separatists in three days.
Three soldiers and a militant died in a shootout in North Kashmir's Bandipora district, as a joint army and police team mounted a search following a tip-off that gunmen were in the area, a defence spokesman said. Five soldiers were wounded.
"During the searches, militants hiding in a house opened fire, triggering off an encounter," Lieutenant Colonel Rajesh Kalia told Reuters. He said there were no arrests.
Separately, security forces shot dead three militants in Handwara district, a senior police official told Reuters. An Indian army officer was also killed in the gunbattle.
India is trying to contain an insurgency in its northernmost region that is more than a quarter-century old. Protests flared last year after security forces killed a popular underground separatist leader called Burhan Wani.
Four militants and two Indian soldiers were among seven killed in a gunbattle in South Kashmir on Sunday.
Kashmir has been divided between India and Pakistan since they won independence from Britain in 1947. Both claim the Himalayan territory in its entirety. An armed rebellion against the illegal and unethical Indian rule started in the region in 1989 has left tens of thousands, mostly civilians, dead. The nuclear-armed neighbours have fought two of their three wars since independence over Kashmir, which each claims in full but rules only a part.
Four soldiers, 4 fighters dead in IHK
ADVERTISEMENT
A healthy diet can help prevent obesity and other conditions related to weight gain, such as diabetes. Regular and balanced meals can also aid concentration and help the brain develop. So when this Coweta, Oklahoma, mom saw what her son was being fed at school for lunch, she was outraged.
As Crystal Skinner sat down to lunch at school with her third-grade son, she was in for a big surprise. As she glanced over to a classmate's plate, in fact, Skinner was left speechless by its contents. The meal was supplied by the school, and when she saw it she was incensed.
ADVERTISEMENT
Contained within the child's lunch plate was nothing more than some raisins, a couple of carrots, a yogurt and a bag of Cheez-Its. What Skinner could see, then, was a plate that did not appear to be brimming with nutrients. After all, some carrots and raisins on their own just didn't cut it.
ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT
Insiders are suggesting that a NAFTA deal could be done within days with new rules on North American components for autos as a key factor.
The United States has signalled a desire to get a NAFTA agreement before a U.S. legislative deadline early next month and U.S. trade czar Robert Lighthizer is being dispatched to China for talks there next week.
READ MORE: Congressman Jon Faso pushes back on claim U.S. also subsidizes agriculture
Four people briefed on the NAFTA developments said all this fuels expectations of a deal as early as this week.
WATCH: Canada will have to give up something in the NAFTA deal on supply management: Dawson
Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland is in Washington for the second time in days and says good progress is being made, but she won't comment on the timing.
“We'll be done when we're done,” she said. “We are working very intensively and we're making good progress.”
She said autos are a major piece of the puzzle.
“The focus I think, again, today will be rules of origin for the automotive sector,” she said.
“This is really the heart of the NAFTA agreement. We have been making good progress.”
Two sources familiar with the autos negotiations say the agreement would require high-value parts to consist mainly of North American steel, with one source suggesting a 70-per-cent threshold.
READ MORE: Chrystia Freeland says there's been ‘good progress' on auto sector
An industry stakeholder said the talks have entered a final phase and are rising to the political level.
President Donald Trump's son-in-law, Jared Kushner, Mexico's foreign minister, Luis Videgaray and Brian Clow, Justin Trudeau's director of U.S. affairs, have suddenly appeared at the Washington talks.
WATCH: Auto sector at ‘heart' of NAFTA negotiations: Freeland
Trump himself said things are going well.
“We're doing very nicely with NAFTA. I can make a deal very quickly,” Trump said Tuesday before a meeting with French President Emmanuel Macron.
Flavio Volpe, head of the Canadian Automotive Parts Manufacturers Association, said the challenge now is getting the fine print crafted properly so that there is no inadvertent damage to the North American industry.
READ MORE: ‘Companies are reluctant to invest' as questions swirl around NAFTA, pipelines, Poloz says
He said a particular concern is the number of years it will take to phase in the new rules. The U.S. has been proposing a two-year transition, but Volpe said auto investments are already locked in a few years in advance as companies work on five-to-seven-year cycles.
“If you make it happen quickly, it won't happen,” Volpe said of the new rules.
“They'll have to break contracts with current suppliers (if it's done too quickly), pay for the moving (of supply chains) … and compensate now-former suppliers.”
WATCH: Elections in U.S., Mexico pressuring NAFTA partners to get deal done
He said companies could simply ignore the NAFTA rules and pay the tariff if they find the rules impossible to meet. He added that there aren't any idle North American plants to which production could be immediately shifted.
Sources say that in addition to the requirement about steel, the new rules would also significantly ramp up the North American content requirement in cars, from the current 62.5 per cent to 75 per cent. High-value pieces like engines and batteries would have to be 75 per cent North American, mid-value parts like the electronics in seats would have to be 70 per cent North American and cheaper products like seat-belts would need to be 65 per cent North American.
BUFFALO, N.Y. (WIVB)- 31-year-old Buffalo man Reginald Alls admitted in Erie County Court Friday to leaving the scene of an accident back in March.
The charge, Leaving the Scene of an Incident Resulting in Serious Physical Injury, could result in four years behind bars for Alls.
March 5, 2017 near Grant and Garner Streets in Buffalo, Alls ran a stop sign and hit another car with three people inside.
The crash seriously injured the 43-year-old driver of that car, causing spinal fractures in addition to broken ribs, tibia, legs and sternum.
Alls then crashed into a concrete wall, and took off, along with his passenger.
“He took off from his car and ran, and left behind in his car, items that we were able to get DNA evidence from,” explained Erie County District Attorney John Flynn.
Those items included a NYS Learner's Permit, cellphone, a hat and an empty liquor bottle.
“So that was a unique case where, left behind at the scene we got DNA evidence and then were able to determine who was driving the car,” Flynn said.
This now leaves five of the 17 total hit and runs from 2017 unsolved in Erie County. 12 of the cases have been charged or resolved.
One of the cases that remain open occurred July 4 on Loring Avenue, and seriously injured 8-year-old Tremont Seals.
55-year-old Robert Prigl was killed in Cheektowaga Aug. 8 when he was struck by a car on his way to the airport.
Flynn said Friday that regardless of the charges a driver is facing, even a DWI, taking off will always make things worse, potentially resulting in a felony.
Anyone with information on any of these cases should contact the Buffalo Police Confidential Tip Line 716-847-2255.
Disney has such an inside track on reaching a $60 billion-plus deal to acquire key entertainment and sports assets from 21st Century Fox that Comcast has formally exited the chase.
Comcast said Monday it was “no longer” looking at Fox's film and TV studio and other assets as acquisition targets. The cable giant had yet to comment on its interest in Fox prior to Monday's statement. But with Hollywood abuzz of a Disney-Fox deal coming down within the next few days, Comcast made a point of getting the first word in on its effort.
“When a set of assets like 21st Century Fox's becomes available, it's our responsibility to evaluate if there's a strategic fit that could benefit our company and our shareholders,” Comcast said in a statement. “That's what we tried to do and we are no longer engaged in the review of those assets. We never got the level of engagement needed to make a definitive offer. We have a terrific company with a strong portfolio of businesses and will continue to focus on driving growth, innovating, creating great content, and providing excellent experiences for our customers.”
More to come
Once the off-duty kindergarten for America's old-time top comics, in days of “A funny thing happened to me on the way to the theater,” the Friars Club was where you'd find George M. Cohan, Henny Youngman, Arthur Godfrey, Bob Hope, Alan King and my husband, Joey Adams. Visitors and members included Jack Benny, Jackie Gleason, George Burns, Groucho, Martin and Lewis.
Its annual VIP black-tie roast attracted crowds.
To Cary Grant, Spiro Agnew, the mayor, governor, and another thousand, Milton Berle skewered Frank Sinatra with: “If your zipper could only talk.”
Don Rickles: “Don't just sit there, Frank, enjoy yourself. Hit somebody.” I think it was Johnny Carson who said: “Everything Sinatra touches turns to gold. I'm afraid to go to the toilet with him.”
That was then. The E. 55th St. clubhouse now is in turmoil. Infighting. Vets against newbies. Questions on finances. Longtimers terminated, others with “arrears” suspended.
By now you know that the fabled famous Friars Club was visited Monday morning by Preet Bharara. Not in person. In absentia. The visit is not social. Official. Raiding the clubhouse in officially labeled law enforcement jackets — with waiting car outside — 13 agents from the Justice Department carried out boxes, computers, financial data and summoned certain from the club to the department's offices. And sealed the clubhouse.
SEE ALSO Friars Club raided by FBI 0:0 Sources told Page Six that the agents left with "computers...
Last year, many quietly discussed this. One longtime friend wouldn't mention it. Another swore me to silence. A third, set to meet me, canceled last-minute with: “My lawyer said, ‘Don't get into this.' ”
Last year, show business columnist Roger Friedman, quoting their 2014 Form 990 tax filing — they register as a 501 (c) charity — reported one 2015 gala expense: entertainment $595,774, “direct expenses” $991,993, additional $374,058. Total: $1.5 million. Per Friedman, “the Friars gave less than $200,000” to charity. Per their filing, “Creative accounting listed ‘Contributions and Grants $1,406.884' with ‘negative' listed at $1,344.403.” Official entry total revenue was only $63,000. Revenue less expenses listed at “negative” $210,579.
A rep for the Friar's Club did not return my request for comment. The club has aged. Dentists, manufacturers replaced famed comedians.
A recent Tony Bennett event drew so few that a divider wall partitioned the Sheraton ballroom.
Months ago, set to report the alleged financial problems, I was asked not to because, “We think possibly property tax hasn't been paid for a while. Stay away. The US Attorney for the Southern District of New York is already looking into this.”
I'm remembering Emcee Berle roasting TV's once-famous sportcaster Howard Cosell: “We owe a lot to him — ulcers, nausea, diarrhea . . .”
I'm thinking old-timers fret that the club might possibly maybe experience similar symptoms.
Men want bigger buttons
Fashion Week. One man's clothing store: “Sales have slowed. Not so much lack of money. Lack of quality. Shirt buttons are smaller. Doesn't seem like much, but when manufacturing thousands, it adds up to a company's savings. That also resulted in shrunken eyelets. One customer won't buy the merchandise any longer. He can't get his fingers around to close the buttons.”
Meanwhile, back in France, Pierre Cardin — not shriveling in any economic crisis — put his nice little country place up for sale. It's called the Bubble House. Why, I don't know. I never saw it. He never invited me. The thing includes a 500-seat theater. He's asking about $400 million.
We're talking a real large load of shriveled buttons.
Fashion's important today. Putin's lady just ordered a submarine to the coast of France.
She wants to hack into the new spring line.
Only on New York's Seventh Avenue, kids, only on New York's Seventh Avenue.
ADVERTISEMENT
Police officer Melissa Winch's baby boy was fighting for his life in hospital. Naturally, she wanted to be by his side every second of the day, but she also needed to get back to her day job. And that's when a bunch of very special fellow officers got involved.
In 2017 Melissa Winch and her husband, Adam, were expecting a baby. But nothing could have prepared the couple from Grand Junction, Colorado, for the rollercoaster ride that lay ahead. Unfortunately for them, the pregnancy didn't go smoothly at all.
ADVERTISEMENT
In July that year, something very dramatic occurred. Melissa's water broke at a worryingly early stage of her pregnancy. In fact, she was only 26 weeks down the line when it happened. For the next three weeks she remained in the hospital in Grand Junction, but then the situation worsened.
ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Q: We live in Orlando, Florida, and last year a teenager here was infected with that brain-eating amoeba. Now we're reading that it's in the drinking water in Louisiana. How common is it? Should we be worried about an epidemic?
A: There's nothing quite like the words “brain-eating amoeba” to get the news cycle humming. And the reassurance we're about to give you — it is extremely, exceedingly rare — is not necessarily the most attention-grabbing. But that's where we're going to begin.
Between 2007 and 2016, there have been just 40 cases of the so-called brain-eating amoeba reported in all of the United States, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. To put that into even clearer perspective, that's 40 cases in 10 years among 324 million people.
The microscopic creature that's been making headlines is called Naegleria fowleri. Trace amounts of it were discovered in two water systems in southern Louisiana during routine testing in June 2016. Customers of the affected facilities were promptly alerted by the Louisiana Department of Health, and disinfection procedures were implemented.
So what is it?
Naegleria fowleri is a single-celled organism found throughout the world in warm freshwater, like lakes, streams, rivers, ponds and hot springs. It enters the body through the nose, typically when people accidentally inhale water while swimming or diving. The amoeba then travels through the nasal passages and enters the brain via the olfactory nerve. Once there, it begins to destroy brain tissues.
You can't become infected by drinking contaminated water, or by swimming in water that has been adequately chlorinated. There have been no known cases of transmission through water vapor, as during a shower or through a humidifier.
Most of the infections reported since 1962 have been in the southern U.S., with half of those in Florida and Texas. But infections have occurred as far north as Minnesota and as far west as Nevada and California. The specific disease the organism causes is called primary amebic meningoencephalitis, or PAM. It's diagnosed using specific laboratory tests that, because the disease is so rare, are not widely available.
In most cases the disease is fatal, but the Orlando teenager you're referring to survive. It is believed that a swift diagnosis — the infection was identified within hours of the onset of symptoms — was key to his beating the odds. So was aggressive treatment, which included an investigational drug, and cooling his body to well below normal body temperature, a process known as therapeutic hypothermia.
ASK THE DOCTORS is written by Robert Ashley, M.D., Eve Glazier, M.D., and Elizabeth Ko, M.D. Send questions to askthedoctors@
mednet.ucla.edu, or write: Ask the Doctors, c/o Media Relations, UCLA Health, 924 Westwood Blvd., Suite 350, Los Angeles, CA, 90095.
If it turns out Toronto landscaper Bruce McArthur is indeed the serial killer police allege him to be, and therefore the city's most prolific multiple murderer, he will edge out one of the evilest man I have ever documented.
Not only was David Krueger evil, he was also the youngest serial killer in Canada's history at 17 years old when he began to troll the streets of Toronto back in the mid-fifties on his red-and-white Schwinn bicycle, and begin taking young lives. He was best known by his birth name, Peter Woodcock.
His penchant was strangling children.
Wayne Mallette was seven when Krueger lured him onto the deserted grounds of the CNE; Gary Morris, 9, when he has taken to Toronto's Cherry Beach; and Carol Voyce, only four, when her life ended in a ravine under the Don Valley Parkway.
He called each death and each molestation — which far outnumbered the actual children he killed — as an “accomplishment.”
When told by an interviewer that such a description was disturbing, Krueger said, “Well, I know, but this is not meant for sensitive ears, is it?”
Like all psychopaths, Krueger had no remorse, no sympathy and no real explanation for his deeds.
After killing three children within four months, Krueger had one more murder to go, but it would not happen until 35 years had passed.
And it made headlines around the world.
Krueger died in 2010 on his 71st birthday, in the maximum-security wing of Ontario's Penetanguishene Mental Health Centre, his home for the majority of the 53 years he had spent in custody.
He had no family. His death, in fact, was reported to his lawyer by another serial killer at Penetang.
The stories making headlines today regarding the serial murder allegations against Bruce McArthur — five victims to date, but more expected to come, according to police – have gripped the city, particularly the gay Village where McArthur was a known player.
There is also a brilliance, twisted as it may be, in a landscaper hiding the body parts of his victims in planters and gardens around the city.
McArthur, without question, is a movie in the making or, at the very least, the subject of a documentary regarding police not zeroing in on the serial-killer angle until it became too obvious to ignore.
Members of Toronto's gay community are angry, and rightfully so. All the pieces fit to the puzzle they had laid out to police, but investigators were hesitant to look at their picture.
Now the police are digging up back yards.
For Krueger, the headlines ended after high-profile murder trials ended with him being ruled old-school insane, which sent him off to Penetang to supposedly spend the rest of his life in secure custody.
While there, he was used as a guinea pig by psychiatrists bent on “curing him,” He was drugged with various medications, sent off on closely-monitored LSD trips, and even placed in a room simulating a womb so he could somehow be “born again” with all his marbles intact.
None worked, of course.
Now getting old and pudgy, and seemingly unthreatening, Krueger was eventually transferred to the medium-security Brockville psychiatric hospital in Eastern Ontario where he could walk the tree-laden grounds, and even go on escorted field trips into town.
Now, one would think that the custodians of serial killers deemed incurable would carefully choose the movies they would take such inmates, and that Silence of the Lambs would not be one of them.
But, shortly after seeing Hannibal Lecter do what Hannibal Lecter does best, David Krueger went back to Brockville psychiatric and stabbed to death a fellow patient named Dennis Kerr.
Then, for good measure, he lobbed off his head with a hatchet.
markbonokoski@gmail.com
: China's government appealed to US President Donald Trump on Monday to avoid a "trade war" ahead of what the White House says is a possible announcement of an investigation into whether China is stealing US technology.An official told reporters the president would order his trade office on Monday to look into whether to launch an investigation under Section 301 of the Trade Act of 1974 of possible Chinese theft of US technology and intellectual property."There is no future and no winner in a trade war and both sides will be the losers. As we have emphasized for many times, the nature of China-U.S. trade relations is mutual benefit and win-win," said a foreign ministry spokeswoman, Hua Chunying."Considering the importance of the China-US relations, China is willing to make joint efforts with the United States to keep trade and economic relations on sustained, healthy and stable development on the basis of mutual respect, equality and mutual benefit," Hua said.Earlier Monday, a state newspaper, the China Daily, said Trump's possible decision to launch an investigation could "intensify tensions," especially over intellectual property.A decision to use the law to rebalance trade with China "could trigger a trade war," said the commentary under the name of researcher Mei Xinyu of the ministry's International Trade and Economic Cooperation Institute."And the inquiry the US administration has ordered into China's trade policies, if carried out, could intensify tensions, especially on intellectual property rights," the commentary said.It gave no indication of how Beijing might respond but Chinese law gives regulators broad discretion over what foreign companies can do in China.If an investigation begins, Washington could seek remedies either through the World Trade Organization or outside of it.Previous U.S. actions directed at China under the 1974 law had little effect, said the China Daily. It noted that China has grown to become the biggest exporter and has the world's largest foreign exchange reserves."The use of Section 301 by the US will not have much impact on China's progress toward stronger economic development and a better future," said the newspaper.
BUCYRUS — Ten people were arraigned in Crawford County Common Pleas Court this week with the prosecutor's office filing 23 new charges.
A Galion man and a Crestline man, both already facing first-degree felony aggravated burglary charges, pleaded not guilty during their arraignments on additional charges.
Kevin Foust, 25, Galion, and Joshua L. Prosser, 29, Crestline, are now facing one count each of robbery, a second-degree felony, and theft of drugs, a fourth-degree felony.
Foust and Prosser were being held at the Crawford County Justice Center on bonds of $500,000 each and Judge Sean Leuthold increased their bonds by $500,000, totaling $1 million each.
The pair is accused of committing a home invasion to steal money on Nov. 16, 2016, at a Patterson Street home in Crestline.
Prosser was arrested in February by U.S. Marshals at an Orchard Street residence in Galion. His case is scheduled for trial on April 27 while Foust is scheduled to be back in court on May 11.
Other arraigned this week were:
Anthony W. Burns, 21, Bucyrus, aggravated burglary, a first-degree felony, bond set at $500,000.
Delbert Myers, 23, Bucyrus, burglary, a second-degree felony, and misdemeanor charges of domestic violence and domestic violence threats, bond set at $250,000.
Thomas Owens, 46, Galion, having weapons under disability, a third-degree felony, possession of drugs, a fifth-degree felony, and misdemeanor charges of possession of drug paraphernalia and drug instruments, bond set at $100,000.
Kasandra A. Miller, 24, Galion, possession of drugs and harassment, both fifth-degree felonies, assault of a peace officer, a fourth-degree felony, and one misdemeanor count of resisting arrest, bond set at $100,000.
George M. Scott, Jr., 43, Galion, possession of drugs, a fifth-degree felony, and one misdemeanor charge of possession of drug paraphernalia, bond set at $75,000.
Clifford L. Daugherty, 50, Galion, two counts of operating a vehicle under the influence, both fourth-degree felonies, bond set at $50,000.
Michael R. Friebel, 21, Shelby, two counts of improper handling of a firearm in a motor vehicle, both fourth-degree felonies, and misdemeanor charges of possession of drugs and possession of drug paraphernalia, bond set at $25,000.
Kimberly Benson, 53, Galion, theft of drugs, a fourth-degree felony, personal recognizance bond.
Tammy Palm, 25, Crestline, deception to obtain a dangerous drug, a fifth-degree felony, and illegal processing of drug documents, personal recognizance bond.
Three cases that include seven new charges remained sealed until they are served.
Kevin M. Foust http://galioninquirer.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_Kevin-Michael-Foust-200×200.jpgKevin M. Foust Joshua Prosser http://galioninquirer.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_Joshua-Prosser.jpgJoshua Prosser http://galioninquirer.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_COURT-Arraignment-1.jpg
By Kimberly Gasuras [email protected]
It's the Pat-cast for Dec. 11.
It's Winnipeg. It's cold outside and it's cold inside, so why not another Pat-cast, powered by Eagle Ridge GM?
This week, Jeff and Jason look at all the injuries the Canucks have sustained and how they hope to deal with them.
Really, can this team stay afloat?
The good news is Brock Boeser is still scoring. The bad news is Alex Edler is taking too many penalties.
Saturday saw two new Canucks: Mike Chaput, who Travis Green clearly loved, and Nic Dowd, who we don't know what to make of.
This is the Pat-cast, on Province Sports Radio.
The central government's Diwali gift to small and medium businesses in the form of GST relaxation carries a political undertone, with PM Narendra Modi's home turf Gujarat going to polls this year.Over the past decade and a half, the BJP has enjoyed an overwhelming support in the urban areas of the state, and it is evident from the number of seats it has won in all the major cities in the past assembly elections.However, a large number of traders and businessmen were disappointed with the visible effects of demonetisation and how the Goods and Services Tax was implemented earlier this year.Gujarat Finance Minister Nitin Patel said on Friday evening, "Not just the major industries of textile and diamond, but smaller clusters in other cities will also benefit from the reforms announced by the GST Council. GST on almost all items that are manufactured in the state has been reduced."Chief Minister Vijay Rupani added, "People are not against GST and have welcomed the idea of ‘One Nation One Tax'. There were some roadblocks in its implementation which have now been addressed."Dinesh Navadiya, the regional chairman of the Gems and Jewellery Export Promotion Council, told News18, "The decision not to cite one's PAN for buying gold jewellery up to Rs 2 lakh will give a boost to the gold industry not only in Gujarat, but the entire country. However, the GST Council has done little for the diamond industry of Surat."Navadiya added that the Gujarat diamond industry is competing with the markets of Israel and Belgium, where there are no taxes whatsoever on diamond manufacturing, polishing and cutting businesses."It will be extremely difficult for Surat's diamond industry to complete with the others when the market structures are so different."Gaurang Bhagat, President of the Ahmedabad Maskati Mahajan, an umbrella body of textile markets in Ahmedabad, said that most of the decisions taken by the GST Council for the textile sector are good and should be welcomed."The announcements on RCM and synthetic yarn are quite favourable. Also, the decision to exempt traders with turnover of less than Rs 1.5 crore from filing returns every month, will help traders especially those in the unorganized sector who will now be able to compete with the others," Bhagat told News18.Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Friday said small businesses would be allowed to file tax returns once a quarter instead of monthly returns. The compliance burden of SMEs in GST has been cut while eligibility of composition scheme has raised to Rs 1 crore.The government also scrapped GST notification on gems and jewellery stating that PAN card will no longer be mandatory on the purchase of jewellery for over Rs 50,000.
Soil Devouring the Problem « Previous Janice Kaspersen • May 28, 2018
In a blog on the Stormwater magazine site a couple of years ago, I mentioned a battle taking place in the Great Lakes; invasive lampreys destroy about 100 million pounds of fish each year, and the Great Lakes Fishery Commission has been spending $20 million a year to try to control them. Researchers had begun using synthesized pheromones to attract the lampreys to specific areas and poisoning them. Lampreys are just one of the non-native species—albeit one of the more destructive ones—to affect the Great Lakes; others include the Asian carp and the zebra mussel. But other places in the world also suffer from invasive species, and they have different ways of dealing with them. Sometimes, they eat them. Add Add Erosion Control Weekly to your Newsletter Preferences and keep up with the latest articles on erosion control: erosion control devices, geosynthetics, sediment control devices and soil erosion.
In Berlin, the local waterways have become overrun with North American crawfish. Officials' best guess is that aquarium owners released the freshwater invaders. The crawfish are now thriving in the wild, taking over habitat from local shellfish and other animals. Even worse, many of them carry a fungus that we in North America consider fairly harmless, but which is killing the more susceptible European species of crawfish.
Under Germany's poaching laws, it has until now been illegal to catch the North American crawfish, but that just changed. The city has awarded a single fishing license to a family-owned company, allowing it—encouraging it—to catch as many of the crawfish as it can by the end of the year. Hoping to maximize profits, the company's 64-year-old owner is trying to convince local restaurants to purchase his catch and add Cajun dishes like gumbo and étouffée to their menus.
The city's goal is to eliminate the North American crawfish within a few months. There's a danger, I suppose, that if the new menu items become popular enough, restaurant owners might try to import more of them.
I haven't been able to find much information on how the lamprey experiment is going; presumably, research is still underway. But as we've discussed in Erosion Control, the fight against invasive plants and animals has had a mixed history of success.
Love Manga? Love Back to The Future? Then you're definitely going to want to get your hot little hands on this bad boy! A new Mange version of the beloved time travel sci-fi fantasy is coming. And it's in pretty good hands.
Bob Gale, who created, co-wrote and produced the Back to the Future trilogy is overseeing this new Manga take on his hugely popular 80s property. Even cooler than that, the Back to the Future Manga is coming from Yusuke Murata. The Artists are world renown for his illustrated work on iconic Manga One-Punch Man, for Weekly Young Jump.
The Manga isn't taking any wild new approach to the material. It will be directly based on the original film. And it will cull it's story from the screenplay. The Manga is titled BTTF. Murata made it known that he was working on BTTF a few years ago, on Twitter. Now, Amazon is sampling some of the art, which you can see below.
Back to the Future, and the two sequels that followed, are some of the most beloved genre movies of all time, and were huge blockbuster successes at the time of their release. The original Back to the Future, directed by Robert Zemeckis from a script he co-wrote with Gale, opened in the summer of 85, and went onto become one of that year's biggest releases. And fandom has never slowed down for this quaint tale of a scientist and his high school best friend.
In this 1980s fantasy classic, small-town California teen Marty McFly (Michael J. Fox) is thrown back into the '50s when an experiment by his eccentric scientist friend Doc Brown (Christopher Lloyd) goes awry. Traveling through time in a modified DeLorean car, Marty encounters young versions of his parents (Crispin Glover, Lea Thompson), and must make sure that they fall in love or he'll cease to exist. Even more dauntingly, Marty has to return to his own time and save the life of Doc Brown.
Yusuke Murata will be using the original script by Bob Zemeckis and Bob Gale, though it isn't known if he'll utilize any of the scrapped ideas that appeared throughout the various drafts before shooting began. The movie originally had a much different ending that saw Marty and Doc visiting a nuclear test site in the 50s, using an actual atomic blast to get Marty back home to the 80s safely. That ending was abandoned in the final drafts, and replaced with the ending we all know now, where Doc and Marty utilize their knowledge of a lightning strike to send Marty back to his life as a teenager in the 80s.
Amazon has made some of the art from this Manga available on the site. You can also check it out below, which features a look at Marty, Doc, Biff, Loraine, George and the HoverBoard, which indicates that the entire saga will be told, not just the first movie. Even though Steven Spielberg, Robert Zemeckis and Bob Gale have all vowed not to ever remake Back to the Future, we have to wonder if an anime remake is out of the question. This news first dropped at Kotaku.
Broccoli has undergone a dramatic image transformation to be crowned Britain's favourite vegetable in a survey from Diabetes UK.
Once the brassica suffered from seriously bad PR and was regarded by many as healthy but horrible. In cartoons and comedy sketches it was often portrayed as the prime example of food detested by children.
But in recent years media attention on the nutritional qualities of broccoli and its re-invention as a "superfood" have won the vegetable a legion of fans.
In the online survey of 2,000 consumers across the UK who were asked to name their favourite vegetable, 12% voted for broccoli.
The vegetable had the biggest share of the vote, beating sweetcorn and tomato which both attracted the support of 10%.
Surprisingly, kale emerged as Britain's least popular vegetable, receiving only 18 votes - less than 1% of the total.
The same poll found that strawberries were the most favoured fruit, chosen by 14% of participants, closely followed by banana, pineapple and mango.
Dan Howarth, head of care at Diabetes UK, which commissioned the survey to promote its "Food You Love" campaign during Diabetes Week, said: " Eating fruit and veg is a great way of getting vital vitamins and fibre and a much healthier snack option than reaching for crisps, cereal bars or even smoothies. They are also low in calories and super filling."
Regionally there were some surprises. Brussel sprouts turned out to be the most popular vegetable in the North West, while people in the North East were passionate for pineapple. Eastern England was the only region to champion the humble pea, voted for by 14%, while Londoners appeared to be mad for mangoes.
The "Food You Love" campaign is aimed at persuading people to eat healthier versions of the food they enjoy.
Broccoli, or Brassica oleracea italica, hails from the Mediterranean and was first cultivated from a cabbage relative by the Etruscans, an ancient Italian civilisation. Its name is derived from the Italian word "broccolo" which means "the flowering crest of a cabbage".
When it was first introduced in England in the mid-18th century, broccoli was known as "Italian asparagus".
Broccoli is a good source of vitamin C and folate. It also contains vitamins A and K, calcium, fibre, beta-carotene and the compounds indole-3-carbinol and sulforaphane that are said to combat cancer.
The Tigers selected St. Bonaventure shortstop Cole Peterson in the 13th round on Day 3 Wednesday of the Major League Baseball draft. (Photo: Mike Janes / Associated Press)
The Tigers opened the last day of the Major League Baseball Draft just how they started, with, what else, more pitching.
Detroit used its 11th-round selection on right-hander Garett King from California Baptist University, and its 12th-rounder on Will Vest, a right-hander from Stephen F. Austin. The Tigers drafted seven pitchers in their first 12 picks, and all of them have been college arms.
King played two seasons at Nebraska, even making the Big Ten All-Freshmen team, before transferring back closer to home. The Anaheim Hills, Calif., native pitched in 12 games this season, his junior year, and was 7-1 with a 2.33 ERA. Opponents hit just .205 against him, and he struck out 85 and walked just 17 over 77.1 innings.
The 6-foot-4, 200-pounder typically went deep into games, throwing two complete games, including a 15-strikeout no-hitter in March. It would've been a perfect game if not for a hit batter.
In Vest, the Tigers landed a pitcher who had collegiate success as a reliever. This season, in 31 games, all relief appearances, he posted a 1.38 ERA and struck out 46 in 45.2 innings. Interestingly, the 6-1, 180-pounder spent his first two seasons as a hitter, before making the transition to the mound.
The Tigers used their 13th-round pick to take their first middle infielder of the draft, shortstop Cole Peterson from St. Bonaventure, and their 14th pick to take their third center fielder of the draft — and just their second high-school player — in Antoine Mistico from Arizona.
The draft continues through 40 rounds.
TIGERS DRAFT PICKS
1. Alex Faedo, RHP, 6-5/225, Florida
2. Reynaldo Rivera, OF/1B, 6-6/250, Chipola College, Fla.
3. Joey Morgan, C, 6-0/185, Washington
4. Gio Arriera, RHP, 6-2/220, Palm Beach State College, Fla.
5. Sam McMillan, C, 5-10/165, Suwannee High School, Fla.
6. Dane Myers, RHP, 6-2/205, Rice
7. Brad Bass, RHP, 6-6/253, Notre Dame
8. Max Green, LHP, 6-1/175, Pepperdine
9. Luke Burch, CF, 6-2/185, Kent State
10. Garrett McCain, CF, 6-0/180, Oklahoma State
11. Garett King, RHP, 6-4/200, California Baptist
12. Will Vest, RHP, RHP, 6-0/180, Stephen F. Austin
13. Cole Peterson, SS, 5-11/160, St. Bonaventure
14. Antoine Mistico, CF, 5-10/175, Chandler HS, Ariz.
15. Teddy Hoffman, RF, 6-0/200, Texas State
16. Carson Lance, RHP, 6-5/245, Lamar
17. Billy Lescher, RHP, 6-4/215, Penn
18. Dylan Rosa, LF, 6-2/200, Kent State
19. Ryan Karstetter, 3B, 6-4/200, State College of Florida Manatee
20. Dylan Burdeaux, 1B, 6-2/230, Southern Mississippi
21. Jordan Pearce, 3B, 6-2/200, Nevada-Reno
22. Colby Bortles, 3B, 6-5/230, Ole Miss
23. Mitchell Stalsberg, LHP, 6-0/215, Winona State, Minn.
24. Jordan Knutson, LHP, 6-0/185, Missouri State
25. Dylan Stock, RHP, 6-4/195, Binghamton
26. Drew Crosby, LHP, 6-0/196, Memphis
27. Jake Bivens, UT, 6-1/190, Michigan (Battle Creek)
28. Cam Warner, 2B, 6-2/188, TCU
29. Grant Reuss, LHP, 6-5/215, Michigan (Bloomfield Hills)
30. Kyle Thomas, RHP, 6-3/195, Northwestern Ohio
31. Nick Storz, RHP, 6-6/242, Poly Prep Country Day School, N.Y.
32. Drew Carlton, RHP, 6-1/207, Florida State
33. Jake Nelson, RHP, 6-3/215, Penn
34. Ro Coleman, CF, 5-5/140, Vanderbilt
35. Jeff Criswell, RHP, 6-2/201, Portage Central HS
36. Jesse Heikkinen, LHP, 6-1/180, Holt HS
37. Shane Cooper, SS, 5-11/185, Hutchinson C.C.
tpaul@detroitnews.com
twitter.com/tonypaul1984
In this April 16, 2018, photo, U.S. Navy Rear Adm. Ronny Jackson, M.D., sits with Sen. Johnny Isakson, R-Ga., chairman of the Veteran's Affairs Committee, before their meeting on Capitol Hilin Washington. Jackson is President Donald Trump's nominee to be the next Secretary of Veterans Affairs. Now it's Washington's turn to examine Jackson. The doctor to Presidents George W. Bush, Barack Obama and now Donald Trump is an Iraq War veteran nominated to head the Department of Veterans Affairs. Alex Brandon AP Photo
The Cabbagetown, Georgia indie rock band the Rock*A*Teens had a great little run, starting in 1994 and cranking out five albums of satisfyingly hooky power pop — taking rock ‘n' roll fundamentals and running them through cloudy, idiosyncratic filters — before breaking up in 2002. They never got huge, but they maintained a loyal following, especially among their fellow musicians. The band's sound was rooted in the garage rock of the mid-'60s, but it was emblematic of a '90s college rock moment where bands were doing cool, interesting things with that sound. And now the Rock*A*Teens are coming back.
The Rock*A*Teens actually reunited in 2014 to play shows, but now, as NPR reports, they've got a whole new album loaded up and ready to go. They've returned to Merge Records, their old label, and the new album Sixth House is coming this summer. It'll be the first Rock*A*Teens album since 2000's Sweet Bird Of Youth.
The band has just shared first single “Go Tell Everybody.” It's a big, chunky burst of melody. Frontman Christopher Lopez has a scratcher, more ragged voice than before, and the production is less fuzzy than we're used to hearing from this band, but this is unmistakably a Rock*A*Teens song. Listen below, via NPR.
Sixth House is out 6/29 on Merge.
It was high time this principle of keeping religion out of public workplaces was enforced. Some might claim that there really is no harm in letting …
Rwead more
For such a famously divisive character in baseball, Alex Rodriguez is surprisingly popular with one very specific demographic: ex-husbands.
A-Rod — who memorably partied with Google guru Sergey Brin while dating Brin's ex-wife, Anne Wojcicki — was hanging out with current squeeze Jennifer Lopez and her ex Marc Anthony over the weekend.
Rumors were swirling that Lopez had rekindled her relationship with Anthony — whom she divorced in 2014 — after they performed together on Saturday night at Casa de Campo in the Dominican Republic.
But then A-Rod, J.Lo and Anthony were spotted having a ball together on the dance floor at an after-party later in the evening.
Lopez and her slugger-turned-sportscaster boyfriend brought their kids from their previous marriages along to the Dominican Republic for Easter weekend.
The hot new couple, who have been dating for a little more than two months, even put together an egg hunt for their kids.
Related Video 0:30 J.Lo and A-Rod live large in the Dominican Republic
E! reported, “Their kids have also really bonded and become good friends. A-Rod's older daughter, Natasha, is like a big sister to J.Lo's twins [9-year-olds Max and Emme].”
A-Rod recently said about Lopez on “The View,” “It's obvious [that] we've been having a great time. She's an amazing, amazing girl, one of the smartest human beings I've ever met, and also an incredible mother.”
Lopez put on a show at the Altos de Chavón Amphitheater at the $10,000-a-night Casa de Campo resort owned by sugar magnate José “Pepe” Fanjul.
Anthony — with whom Lopez is recording a Spanish-language album — was a guest performer, along with Cuban duo Gente de Zona.
Last year, Page Six reported that A-Rod and his then-girlfriend, genetic-testing entrepreneur Wojcicki, arrived at the Met Gala in the same car as her ex-husband Brin and his girlfriend Nicole Shanahan.
A source said at the time that “they all hung out, then they left together. They are all good friends. It's a modern relationship.”
New Delhi: The Information and Broadcasting ministry is mulling expansion of Doordarshan's round-the-clock news broadcast to around 100 countries with a view to reach out to the diaspora and put across India's perspective on domestic and international issues, a senior official said
Currently, DD India primarily produces various cultural and general entertainment programmes for broadcast in overseas countries.
It also produces round-the-clock news and current affairs programmes for broadcast in only few countries, including Nepal, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, China and the United Arab Emirates, he added.
"The ministry is considering the expansion of 24×7 news broadcast to a number of countries. The data is being compiled on various parameters for the purpose," the official said.
The decision to start broadcast of news in a particular country will depend on financial implications like cost of engaging a local cable for carrying the Indian channel as well as stationing correspondents in that particular country, the official added.
The factors that would also be considered for starting news broadcast in a country include percentage of Indian diaspora in total population of that nation, foreign direct investment inflow and outflow, remittance and tourists arrival from that country, the official said.
The ministry will also look at whether India has strategic partnership with that nation, number of visits of the prime minister to that country, whether the Ministry of External Affairs has joint secretary level officer there and proximity of that nation to multilateral agencies, the official added.
"The purpose of the proposed initiative is to reach out to the huge Indian diaspora and put across India's perspective on various domestic and international issues," the official said.
The initiative would put India in the league of countries like the UK and China whose public broadcasters reach a number of countries.
By Rob Kiser
rkiser@dailycall.com
On paper, Jeromesville Hillsdale and Bradford may appear as opposite as two softball programs could be heading into Friday's D-IV state semifinal at Firestone Stadium in Akron.
Hillsdale has the tradition and history — and the Lady Falcons, 25-2, are the top-ranked Division IV program in the state.
Bradford is making its first trip to the Final Four.
The Lady Railroaders are 22-3 and ranked 10th in the state.
“I know this is Bradford's first time in the state tournament,” Hillsdale coach Hannah Fulk said. “Congrats to them. It is a tremendous accomplishment to get to the state tournament.”
To say the least, Hillsdale has been there, done that.
This is the Falcons 15th appearance in the Final Four — and Hillsdale has won six state titles. Included in those trips was a loss to Newton in the 1995 state semifinals.
“It is just something you grow up with here,” Fulk, the second-year coach said about the tradition at Hillsdale. “It is a small town and everybody loves softball. When you are in elementary, you look up to those girls and want to be one of those girls. I know. That was me.”
And Fulk said that tradition gives Hillsdale one distinct advantage.
“This is my second year as coach,” Fulk said. “So, I haven't been at state (as a coach), but a lot of the girls played at state. They can prepare the other girls for what to expect at Firestone Stadium and I think that is big.”
Like Bradford, Hillsdale is led by a fireballing pitcher who is one of the team's best hitters.
Senior Sydney Long is batting .459 with 28 RBIs, while sporting a .86 ERA.
In the postseason, Hillsdale has outscored opponents 37-0.
“By no means has Sydney (Long) had her best stuff in some of those tournament games,” Fulk said about the girl who has pitched eight straight shutouts. “She just keeps battling out there and finds a way to get it done.”
Junior Sophie Goon is batting .400 with 30 RBIs, while sophomore Hattie Stamen has batted .397 with 12 stolen bases.
Junior Emily Crossen is batting .372 with 23 RBIs and senior Kaylee Cline has batted .357 with 24 RBIs.
Cline, the catcher, and Keirah Smelzer, are the other two senior starters with Long.
“Sydney Long is just an amazing girl,” Fulk said. “You just know she is going to go out there and play with so much heart every game. It is really hard to single out any one girl. Because 1 to 9 have made big plays at some point this season. But, our senior class is a great group and we are really going to miss them.”
Bradford is led by freshman Skipp Miller, who has a .77 ERA while averaging double digit strikeouts. That includes a 19 strikeout game against Versailles. She also bats .549 with 32 RBIs.
And when she was intentionally walked Saturday, senior shortstop Bailey Wysong came up and hit a grand slam behind her.
Wysong is batting .344 with 28 RBIs.
Junior first baseman Bianca Keener has plenty of pop in her bat and hits .424, while senior Chelsea Gill hits .419 from her centerfield position.
The other seniors are rightfielder Hannah Fout and courtesy runner Aspen Weldy.
All nine Bradford batters had hits Saturday.
And the Railroaders have outscored opponents 34-4 in the postseason.
“I heard they (Bradford) have a really good freshman pitcher,” Fulk said. “I know they have four freshman starting and I heard they had a really good game Saturday, so they are coming in with a lot of momentum.”
And with this kind of pitching matchup, defense could easily be the deciding factor.
“Our defense was a little rocky at the start of the season,” Fulk said. “I blame that on the weather. Anytime you read a story or hear Sydney (Long) talk, she always mentions she couldn't do it without the defense. We always talk about one play at a time.
“Field the ball. Throw the ball. Keep it simple, so things don't get made any bigger than they might seem to be. Don't get overwhelmed with the situation.”
Which is good advice for two teams that are so similar, it is like looking in a mirror.
Rob Kiser is Sports Editor for the Daily Call. He can be reached at (937) 451-3334.
President Xi Jinping delivered a blistering nationalist speech on Tuesday, warning against any attempts to split China and touting the country's readiness to fight "the bloody battle" to regain its rightful place in the world.Xi's address capped an annual session of the National People's Congress that paved the way for him to rule for life, as China's most powerful leader since Mao Zedong pushes through his vision of guiding the country through a "new era" of unrivalled global military and economic supremacy.Days after President Donald Trump signed new rules allowing top-level US officials to travel to Taiwan, Xi warned that Beijing would defend its "one China principle", which sees the self-ruling island as its territory awaiting reunification."All acts and tricks to separate the country are doomed to fail and will be condemned by the people and punished by history," Xi said.But he also sought to address concerns about ambitious Chinese development projects abroad, saying they "will not pose a threat to any country.""Only those who are accustomed to threatening others will see everyone as a threat," he added.Xi used the speech to espouse his vision of realising the "rejuvenation of the Chinese nation" -- the "greatest dream" of the world's second-largest economy."The Chinese people have been indomitable and persistent, we have the spirit of fighting the bloody battle against our enemies to the bitter end," he said.But his speech was also a reminder that the Communist Party, more than ever, reigns over the country's affairs."History has already proven and will continue to prove that only socialism can save China," he said."The Communist Party is the supreme political leadership of the country and the fundamental guarantee to achieve the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation."The two-week session of the National People's Congress handed Xi, 64, a second term and endorsed the Communist Party's decision to lift presidential term limits, clearing the way for him to remain in power indefinitely after his second term ends in 2023.His eponymous political philosophy, which was enshrined in the party charter last year, was added to the national constitution and senior government officials had to swear an oath to the document for the first time.Some of Xi's key lieutenants were also promoted to top positions. His former anti-corruption czar, Wang Qishan, was elevated to the vice presidency while his top economic adviser, Liu He, became vice premier.Wang could use his experience as a trade negotiator to deal with rocky relations with the Trump administration, while Liu is expected to have an influential role in economic policymaking.The legislature also approved the biggest government shake-up in years, merging the banking and insurance regulators to tackle financial risks, and amended the constitution to expand the Communist Party's role in the country's affairs.Xi's campaign against corruption within the Communist Party, which punished 1.5 million officials in five years, was expanded as the legislature voted Tuesday to create a national agency that will scrutinise millions of public servants."The Communist Party of China must... resolutely eliminate" corruption, Xi said.The government's propaganda machine worked in overdrive to nurture a cult of personality around Xi and stamp out dissenting views during the two-week session.The People's Daily, the Communist Party's mouthpiece, referred to Xi as the "helmsman" last weekend, an echo of Mao who was known as "the great helmsman".The abolition of term limits triggered a rare bout of criticism on social media, prompting censors to block dozens of phrases such as "I disagree" or "emperor" as well as satirical images such as Winnie the Pooh -- the cartoon bear that some compare to Xi.China has stepped up its crackdown on civil society since Xi took power in 2012, tightening online restrictions and detaining hundreds of activists and lawyers.
Israel has canceled plans to expel African migrants who entered the Jewish state illegally after failing to find a country willing to host them, the government said on Tuesday.
The plan had targeted some 42,000 migrants of Eritrean and Sudanese origin currently living in Israel.
Government legal advisers informed the Supreme Court of the plan's cancellation after certain unspecified countries refused to host the migrants, sources close to the government said.
"At this stage, the possibility of carrying out an unwilling deportation to a third country is not on the agenda," the government wrote in a response to the court.
The migrants, it said, will again be able to renew residency permits every 60 days, as they were before the deportation push.
The migrants and rights groups say they are seeking asylum and are fleeing war and persecution. The government says they are job seekers and that it has every right to protect its borders.
Around 4,000 migrants have left Israel for Rwanda and Uganda since 2013 under a voluntary program, but Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has come under pressure from his right-wing voter base to expel thousands more.
After leaving a U.N.-backed relocation plan a few weeks ago, Israel shifted efforts towards finalizing an arrangement to send the migrants against their will to Uganda.
A number of migrant rights groups petitioned the Supreme Court to block any such policy.
Shannon S. Sutton, 49, of South Roxana, died at 12:20 p.m. Friday, Dec. 30, 2016, at Anderson Hospital.
Visitation will be 4 p.m. to 8 p.m. Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017, at Pitchford Funeral Home in Wood River, where funeral services will be 10 a.m. Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017. Following the funeral services, cremation rites will be accorded.
Nigerian migrants who were being held at a detention centre in Tripoli after entering Libya illegally, stand in line at Mitiga International Airport before being deported.
The Norwich Merchants clinched a trip to the second round of the playoffs with a 5-1 victory over the New Hamburg Firebirds in Game 5 of their first round series Monday night.
The Merchants opened the game with three goals in the first period, starting with Mason Cooper at 5:43 from Riley Monture. Jordan Gillis collected Norwich's second goal from Blake Pow and Brett Parsons at 15:57 then Monture added his second on an unassisted goal with 54 seconds left in the period.
In the second, Gillis added his second at 16:16 from Matt Caskanette and Ray Munro and Troy Lamoure made it 5-0 Norwich at 17:58. Monture had the lone assist. New Hamburg's Colin Martin scored a shorthanded goal in the third, but Norwich's lead was too much to overcome.
Michael Black had 23 saves in New Hamburg's net and Tyler Gubesch stopped 24 shots for Norwich.
***
The Norwich Merchants entered the weekend with a 2-0 series lead over the New Hamburg Firebirds.
In Friday's game, the Firebirds shutout the Merchants 6-0 with New Hamburg scoring five times in the second period to put the game out of reach.
The Merchants had chances to pull closer, but struggled on the power play going 0-for-11 as New Hamburg earned the win to cut Norwich's series lead in half.
Tyler Gubesch made 20 saves in 37:05 with Patrick Tanner stopping all seven shots faced in relief. Tanner Topham had 30 saves for the shutout in New Hamburg's net.
***
The Merchants rebounded from their Friday loss to win 3-2 Sunday afternoon in Norwich.
Norwich scored three straight goals to pull out the win and take a 3-1 series lead into Game 5 Monday night in Baden. Results were unavailable before The Sentinel-Review went to press.
The Firebirds Colin Martin opened the game's scoring at 5:40, but Mason Cooper tied it at 11:14 wit Riley Monture and Matt Caskanette assisting on the goal. Ray Munro gave Norwich a 2-1 lead at 10:13 of the second after Jesse Dunn and Derek Slaght earned the assists then Troy Lamoure scored on the power play at 16:24. Brett Parsons had the lone assist. New Hamburg's Curtis Smith had a late goal at 17:28, but the Merchants held on to the win.
Tanner Topham had 24 saves for New Hamburg and Tyle Gubesch made 28 for Norwich.
***
The Merchants will wait for the first round to finish before finding out who their next opponent is.
If Tavistock beats Paris in Game 7, Norwich will meet the winner of the Wellesley Applejacks and Woodstock Navy Vets series. If Paris wins and Woodstock lose, Norwich will take on the Ayr Centennials but if Paris and Woodstock win, the Merchants will meet Paris.
TROJANS DOWN 2-1
The Thamesford Trojans fell behind in their opening series with the Exeter Hawks.
The Trojans lost 7-4 in Game 1 and 3-0 in Game 2, but came back to win 7-6 in Game 3.
In Game 1, the Exeter Hawks scored the games first six goals before the Trojans scored four consecutive with Liam Billings, Matt Smallman, TJ Taylor and Kurtis White getting the goals for Thamesford.
In the second game of the series, the Exeter Hawks shutout Thamesford 3-0 with three-second period goals.
Thamesford won Game 3 7-6 with a late goal by Mike Nutt with 38 seconds remaining to make the series 2-1.
The Trojans had three goals in the first and four in the third to sneak out a win against the Hawks. Liam Billings scored twice and Ben Kirwin, Nick Medica, Garrett Hickey, Kurtis White and Nutt scored Thamesford's goals. The Trojans had seven players with two or more points.
Game 4 is Tuesday at 8:30 p.m. in Thamesford with Game 5 Friday in Exeter.
gcolgan@postmedia.com
twitter.com/GregatWSR
Ross Wilburn announced today that he is running for Governor on the Democratic ticket in 2018.
Wilburn is an educator and former mayor of Iowa City. The 52-year-old man grew up in Davenport. He was Iowa City's first African-American mayor and served 12 years on the city council.
Wilburn currently lives in Ames and has worked since 2014 as the diversity officer and associate program director of Community and Economic Development for Iowa State University Extension and Outreach.
Manchester: Manchester City winger Raheem Sterling has hit out at the quality of officials in England, claiming players could miss the World Cup because they're being "butchered" by bad challenges.
City star Leroy Sané was sidelined for up to seven weeks after a bad tackle by Cardiff's Joe Bennett in their 2-0 win in the FA Cup last weekend.
Referee Bobby Madley then failed to show a red card to West Brom's Matt Phillips after his knee-high challenge on youngster Brahim Diaz in the closing stages.
It follows a glut of incidents on City players this season, none of which were punished with dismissals.
Manager Pep Guardiola has repeatedly asked for referees to protect the players, but his calls appear to have fallen on deaf ears.
But now Sterling, 23, is backing up his manager, saying the nature of the tackles could put those on the receiving end in serious trouble.
He said: "I find it a bit unfair at times. I feel that we haven't been protected enough in certain situations. I think some of the challenges have been awful.
"It's not what I expect to see in a top-flight football match — especially when teams are losing and just go out to kick players.
"I don't think that's right. I do think we need to cut down on that because we've got a World Cup at the end of the year and majority of the players in the top flight and in our team will be playing in it.
"It would be sad to see someone miss the tournament due to a silly tackle and someone gets away with it.
"These tackles can happen — but it can't be every game we're getting two players coming in with injuries.
"There are going to be challenges that are badly timed and probably not all of them are intentional, but at the same time, if it's a dangerous tackle, it's a dangerous tackle.
"I think the referees and officials need to cut these tackles out because as you can see some of the players are getting butchered out there and it's sad to see.
"But I just feel we need to try and cut this out of the game."
Guardiola has called for officials to protect not just his stars, but all players — though he has not had much support from his peers.
Cardiff boss Neil Warnock commented after the FA Cup tie that Guardiola should expect strong challenges in England, while West Brom manager Alan Pardew accused the Catalan of trying to get the crowd to put pressure on the referee.
It was sparked by several weeks of incidents that could have left some of the Premier League leaders' team badly hurt.
Kevin De Bruyne was stretchered off at Crystal Palace after being hacked down by Jason Puncheon, weeks after he was on the receiving end of a studs-up challenge by Tottenham's Dele Alli.
Sterling was also caught late by Harry Kane in the first half of that match, which finished 4-1 to City.
City already have long-term injury problems with Benjamin Mendy, Gabriel Jesus and Sane still missing.
India's government says it has asked WhatsApp to take "immediate action" to prevent the social media platform from being misused to spread rumors and irresponsible statements like those blamed for recent deadly mob attacks in the country. At least 20 people have been killed in mostly rural villages in several Indian states in attacks by mobs that had been inflamed by social media. Victims were accused in the viral messages of belonging to gangs trying to abduct children. The brutal attacks, which began in early May, have also left dozens of people injured. Although Indian authorities have clarified that there was no truth to the rumors and the targeted people were innocent, the deadly and brutal attacks, often captured on cellphones and shared on social media, have spread across the country.
India's ministry of electronics and information technology said in a statement late Tuesday that the lynchings were tied to "irresponsible and explosive messages" circulated on WhatsApp. It wasn't specific on the preventative measures it expected to be taken by WhatsApp, which is owned by Facebook. WhatsApp said in a blog post that it would institute awards for research on "spread of misinformation" on its platform. The Indian Express, an English-language daily newspaper, quoted a WhatsApp spokesman as saying, "The situation is a public health problem which will require solutions from outside the company as well, including the government."
The official said that the "responsibility is beyond any one technology company" and "requires partners," according to the paper. "I think it's up to the Indian government to decide what is the right mechanism to address the spate of killing that is occurring. It is going to have to be a collaboration," the official said.
Jim Calhoun is considering a return to coaching, saying "I miss the kids" and that he wants to "do some basketball stuff if I can."
Calhoun, 75, discussed his future plans Monday with the Hartford Courant at his charity golf tournament.
The former UConn coach did not identify any specific opportunities, but the Courant, citing multiple sources, reported that Calhoun could pursue the job at Division III St. Joseph in West Hartford, Connecticut.
"I've got a couple of other things in the works, one involving basketball which I'm intrigued by. It's coaching," Calhoun told the Courant.
Calhoun retired in 2012 after spending 26 seasons at UConn and coaching the Huskies to three NCAA championships. The Hall of Famer told the Courant that he misses interacting with players.
"That's what I miss, people getting together, getting on a bus, driving someplace. I'm not sure what I want to yet," Calhoun said. "I do want to do some basketball stuff if I can."
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Many people have donated to Valley Santa to purchase Christmas gifts for children in need throughout Luzerne County. Donors include:
In loving memory of Martin and Robert Holbrook by Nancy, Mark and the Holbrook Family, $30.
Dale and Joyce Culver, $25.
In memory of Richard Joseph, $50.
Alice Biernacki, $100.
John Mahasky, $25.
Hilda Schmidt, $25.
Ann Marie Pardee, $50.
Ann Marie Warnick, $100.
In memory of our parents Mr. & Mrs. Joseph Brislin and Mr. & Mrs. Charles Le Strange, $100.
James and Maureen Yourren, $50.
Georgeann and Kent Jones, $100.
Thomas and Mary Ellen Pierce, $30.
In loving memory of Jason Lepa from his mother Mary Ann Lepa, $25.
From Chris, Shaelan and Cole Brown, $100.
David and Cassandra Poor, $50.
In memory of William Dzanis From Jimmy and Brian, $25.
In honor of Father Brian Clarke Holy Rosary Church, Hazleton, $25.
A majority of Indian men are against their wives keeping a fast for them on Karwa Chauth, which falls on Sunday, reveals a survey.Matchmaking service www.shaadi.com conducted a survey to understand men's perspective on the fasting ritual. Shaadi.com #Fastforher also has an annual campaign during Karwa Chauth urging men to fast along with their wives to express their love and show equality in marriage.With over five lakh pledges registered in the last three years, it seems there is a change in mindset among young couples.Men were asked if they will fast, if their wives are fasting for them, and 61 percent responded ‘Yes', followed by 39 percent who said ‘No'. In addition, 93 percent men said they ‘don't want their wives to fast for them and rather celebrate it differently'.To understand the change in outlook amongst men with regard to the tradition of fasting on Karwa Chauth, they were asked how they would like to celebrate Karwa Chauth and 50 percent said they will ‘take the day off and spend quality time together', followed by 23 percent saying that ‘a romantic candlelight dinner' and eight percent said ‘take a vacation'.The online poll received 6,537 responses from Indian men, age ranging from 24 to 40 years."Couples are now breaking away from age-old customs, and are looking to celebrate their love and bring the spark back in relationships by celebrating occasions and festivals in a different way," Gourav Rakshit, CEO, Shaadi.com, said in a statement.
Samuel L. Jackson's Frozone turns out to be a key player in the opening scene of Disney-Pixar's “Incredibles 2” in footage unveiled Tuesday.
The studio showed about seven minutes of the animated sequel, which opens June 15, as part of its 90-minute CinemaCon presentation at Caesars Palace in Las Vegas. Jackson introduced the clip.
The movie starts with an agent interrogating a student who recognizes the teenage Violet Parr as one of the Incredibles as the family and Frozone's ice-making abilities combine to partially stop an attack by a mole-like character, the Underminer, who has an enormous drilling machine. The Parr family is taken into custody by law enforcement, but Frozone manages to escape through an alley — where he's met by a mysterious man who asks if he wants to change the “No Supers” law banning superheroes.
Disney's new distribution chief Cathleen Taff noted Tuesday that the teaser trailer for “Incredibles 2” was the most-watched animated teaser ever, with more than 113 million views in the first 24 hours.
The sequel picks up right after the 2004 original, with Craig T. Nelson returning as the voice of Bob Parr and Holly Hunter as Elastigirl. Brad Bird, who voices fashion designer Edna Mode, is back to direct.
The original was a big hit, with more than $660 million in worldwide grosses. “Incredibles 2” hits theaters June 15.
POPULAR VIDEO ON VARIETY.COM
We have an update on a Grand Traverse County man going to jail for having a meth lab.
He now knows his punishment.
Matthew Brandon was charged with having a meth lab in January.
Child protective services tipped off the Traverse Narcotics Team that a couple was making meth in Interlochen.
Brandon was sentenced to 6 months to jail and must also serve 2 years of probation plus fines and costs.
Florida No. 40 on list of best states for raising kids
(CNN) New Hampshire is the best state in which to raise a child, while Mississippi is the worst, according to a report published Tuesday by the Annie E. Casey Foundation.
The study measured 2015 data from the private Population Reference Bureau on the topics of economic well-being, education, health, and family and community.
Top states for overall child well-being were New Hampshire, Massachusetts, Vermont and Minnesota, with Iowa and Connecticut tied for fifth place.
The five worst states for overall child well-being were Arizona, Nevada, Louisiana, New Mexico and, at the bottom of the list for the second year in a row, Mississippi.
The report also pointed out national findings such as how the number of families living in high-poverty neighborhoods has risen slightly over the past decade. In Arizona, Louisiana, Mississippi and New Mexico, at least 20% of children lived in high-poverty neighborhoods in 2015 as was the case in 2010 to 2014, according to the report.
The Annie E. Casey Foundation is a nonprofit group focused on improving the well-being of American children. Laura Speer, co-director of the study and associate director of policy reform and advocacy for the foundation, said she was most surprised by improvements in the high school graduation rate (with 83% graduating on time in 2014/2015, up 1 percentage point from 2012/2013) and the teen birth rate: 22 births per 1,000 girls in 2015, down from 24 in 2014.
“They had been at historically good levels, and both the high school dropout rate and the teen birth rate continued to drop this year,” Speer said. “And they're now at the lowest levels they've ever been.”
The states ranked the highest on the child well-being list tended to be in the Northeast or upper Midwest, while the ones ranked lowest were in the South or Southwest. Speer said a big reason for these rankings had to do with each state's approach toward children's health care.
“There were a few states in there that didn't take advantage of Medicaid expansion,” she said. ‘They didn't take advantage of the opportunities that the government provided over the past five years.”
Other states had huge improvements in child health-care coverage. Between 2010 and 2015, California had a 67% decline in uninsured children, the highest in that time period. Colorado, Minnesota, Nevada, New Mexico, Oregon and South Carolina also had declines of over 50%, according to the report.
Speer said future health-care provisions may have an impact on the progress that has been made surrounding children's coverage.
“We definitely think that the gains we have made over the 10 or 15 years in covering kids and families are potentially at risk with the proposals that have been discussed by the president and congress,” she said. “There's little doubt that there will be negative repercussions, especially for low-income familes.”
President Donald Trump's proposed budget would cut the Children's Health Insurance Program by at least 20%, as well as Medicaid, which covers millions more kids.
“Kids are about almost half of all the enrollees in Medicaid, so kids would be disproportionately harmed there,” said Bruce Lesley, president of First Focus, a nonpartisan advocacy organization for children and family policy issues. “And what we're talking about there are kids who are either poor or disabled, so you're really hitting the most vulnerable kids in society.”
Speer said she feels optimistic and hopes policy-makers will be thinking deeply about the potential implications of their decisions on not only health insurance coverage but the various state programs that provide family support.
“This is not a time to step back from these gains. We should be proud of them and we should maintain them,” she said. “I'm hopeful that policy-makers will hold the line on the gains we've made so far and will make the decisions to protect these kids and families.”
Tesla's Model X has received the top Green Vehicle nod from the Automobile Assn. of America, sharing the honors with electric vehicles made by Chevrolet, Volkswagen, Ford and Lexus.
The battery electric luxury SUV won the “overall” and “SUV” categories in the annual awards, given out by the AAA in recognition of vehicles that are easy on the environment, if not on the wallet. The Model X starts at $85,000.
Tesla's Model S luxury electric sedan was named the best vehicle in the “large” category.
But less-expensive transportation also scored top marks. Chevrolet's battery electric Bolt EV won the “subcompact” category, and Volkswagen's e-Gold SE won in the “compact” division.
The Lexus GS 450 F Sport claimed victory in the “midsize” category. In the “pickup” division, the winner was the Ford F-150 XLT Super Crew.
The auto club's Green Vehicle report indicated that as many as 30 million Americans say they are likely to make an electric vehicle their next car purchase.
But actual EV adoption remains low. Hybrid vehicles accounted for about 3% of all car sales last year, with plug-in electric cars — like the Tesla Model S and X, or the Bolt EV — representing less than 1%.
“While desire for green vehicles is strong, making the leap to an electric, hybrid or other fuel efficient vehicle can be daunting to car shoppers," said Megan McKernan, manager of the AAA's automotive research center.
But more than half of Americans surveyed told the AAA that “range anxiety” was their main reason for staying with a gasoline-powered vehicle — even though most U.S. drivers' daily commute is well within the battery-electric range for electric vehicles.
Part of that range anxiety stems from Americans thinking they need to drive farther than they actually do, McKernan said. But it's also due to the relative scarcity and low profile of EV charging stations, compared to traditional gas stations.
“People used to seeing gas stations on every corner," McKernan said. “So that's what most people think ‘a lot' means” when they say there aren't a lot of places to recharge a battery.
The auto club's full list of available green cars can be viewed at AAA.com/greencar.
charles.fleming@latimes.com
@misterfleming
Free speech and its limitations are on Americans' minds. In the past year we've seen Nazis and white supremacists rally in our cities, angry protesters chase provocateurs off of college campuses, a comedian wield a bloody effigy of the president's severed head, and slurs and overt racial animus made a staple of political discourse. Controversial speech has people talking about what restrictions, if any, society can enforce on words we despise.
That inquiry isn't inherently bad. It's good for citizens to want to learn more about the contours of our constitutional rights. The dilemma is that the public debate about free speech relies on useless cliches, not on accurate information about the law.
Here are some of the most popular misleading slogans:
“Not all speech is protected. There are limits to free speech.”
This slogan is true, but rarely helpful. The Supreme Court has called the few exceptions to the 1st Amendment “well-defined and narrowly limited.” They include obscenity, defamation, fraud, incitement, true threats and speech integral to already criminal conduct. First Amendment exceptions are not an open-ended category, and the Supreme Court has repeatedly declined to add to them, especially in the last generation. Merely observing that some exceptions exist does not help anyone determine whether particular speech falls into one of those exceptions. It's a non sequitur.
Imagine you're bitten by a snake on a hike, and you want to know rather urgently whether the snake is venomous. You describe the snake to your doctor. “Well, not all snakes are venomous,” your doctor responds. Not very helpful, it is?
“You can't shout ‘fire' in a crowded theater.”
Almost 100 years ago, Supreme Court Justice Oliver Wendel Holmes, Jr. coined a version of this now-familiar metaphor. Holmes used it to explain why the Supreme Court was upholding the criminal conviction of Charles Shenck, who was jailed merely for distributing materials urging peaceful resistance to the draft in World War I. Fortunately, the Supreme Court — often led by Holmes himself — retreated from this terrible precedent, eventually ruling that speech can't be punished as “incitement” unless it is intended and likely to provoke imminent lawless action. In other words, this favorite rhetorical apologia for censorship was used in the course of a decision now universally recognized as bad law.
Holmes' usually misquoted slogan (he said that the law allows us to punish someone for falsely shouting fire in a crowded theater) is really just another way to observe that not all speech is protected and there are limits to 1st Amendment protections. As I said before that's not in dispute, but invoking the truism does nothing to resolve whether any particular speech falls within the well-defined and narrow exceptions to the 1st Amendment.
“Hate speech is not free speech.”
This popular saying reflects our contempt for bigotry, but it's not a correct statement of law. There is no general 1st Amendment exception allowing the government to punish “hate speech” that denigrates people based on their identity. Things we call “hate speech” might occasionally fall into an existing 1st Amendment exception: a racist speech might seek to incite imminent violence against a group, or might be reasonably interpreted as an immediate threat to do harm. But “hate speech,” like other ugly types of speech we despise, is broadly protected.
“We must balance free speech and other interests.”
Censorship advocates often tell us we need to balance the freedom of speak with the harm that speech does. This is arguable philosophically, but it is wrong legally. American courts don't decide whether to protect speech by balancing its harm against its benefit; they ask only if it falls into a specific 1st Amendment exception. As the Supreme Court recently put it, “[t]he First Amendment's guarantee of free speech does not extend only to categories of speech that survive an ad hoc balancing of relative social costs and benefits. The First Amendment itself reflects a judgment by the American people that the benefits of its restrictions on the Government outweigh the costs.”
“‘Fighting words' are not protected under the First Amendment.”
Years ago the Supreme Court recognized a very narrow 1st Amendment exception for “fighting words.” If the exception still survives, it's limited to in-person face-to-face insults directed at a particular person and likely to provoke a violent response from that person. It doesn't apply broadly to offensive speech, even though it's often invoked to justify censoring such speech.
“Maybe this speech is protected now, but the law is always changing.”
The Supreme Court's approach to constitutional rights can change very quickly. For instance, it took less than a generation for the court to reverse course on whether the government could punish gay sex. But for decades the court has been moving towards more vigorous protection of free speech, not less. Some of the most controversial and unpopular speech to come before the court — like videos of animals being tortured, or incendiary Westboro Baptist Church protests at funerals — have yielded solid 8-to-1 majorities in favor of protecting speech. There's no sign of a growing appetite for censorship on the court.
Even as a free speech advocate and critic of censorship, I'm happy to see a public debate about the limits of free speech. Any debate that raises consciousness about our rights can be productive. But the free speech debate should proceed based on facts and well-established law, not empty rhetoric. Familiarity with our rights and how they work is a civic obligation.
For the Los Angeles Times
Ken White is a 1st Amendment litigator and criminal defense attorney at Brown White & Osborn LLP in Los Angeles.
BUFFALO, N.Y. (WIVB) – The application process for Buffalo mayor Byron Brown's 2018 Summer Youth Internship Program is underway.
The program provides six weeks of employment and work-readiness for Buffalo youth in the summer months, from July 9 to Aug. 16.
To be eligible for the program, candidates must be City of Buffalo residents between the ages of 14 and 21 and must turn 14 by April 27, 2018. Each participant will be screened, assessed, and receive job readiness, life skills, and financial literacy training.
College students are encourages applying.
Applications can be found at http://www.city-buffalo.com/ or at Room 1701 at Buffalo City Hall. They can be mailed or brought to the Department of Community Services, Room 1701 at Buffalo City Hall. The deadline is April 27.
Applicants will need the following:
Working Papers (obtained from your school's counselor) for all youth under age 18
Ages 14-15 (Blue Card)
Ages 16-17 (Green Card).
Birth Certificate Proof of Buffalo Residency (Utility Bills, Lease Agreement) Family Income Social Security Card Attending School (Most recent School Report Card or Transcript)
Dan Quinn is happy with the Falcons' week of preparation for their win over the Saints and Matt Ryan talks about his comfort level heading into the playoffs. (0:39)
ATLANTA -- Julio Jones exhaled in relief as he talked about his Atlanta Falcons securing a first-round playoff bye and earning the NFC's No. 2 seed.
“We're going take this bye week and get healthy, and then we'll see how everything pans out,” Jones said.
Certainly the Falcons need a little a rest and recovery before they begin their playoff journey Saturday, Jan. 14. Jones has dealt with a toe sprain for weeks now and continues to progress. Fellow wide receiver Taylor Gabriel missed Sunday's regular-season finale, nursing a foot injury. Rookie tight end Austin Hooper continues to recover from an MCL sprain. All three players are key factors for the league's top scoring offense heading into the postseason.
“It's [important] for us to get this bye week and get guys back out there on the field,” Jones said. "Myself included. I got nicked up early on, so this week right here will do me some good.”
Defensively, NFL sack champ Vic Beasley Jr. has an MRI scheduled for Monday after feeling his left shoulder pop out during Sunday's 38-32 win over the Saints. He'll welcome the week off, provided the exam doesn't reveal any serious damage.
“Definitely time to recover and get my injury in better health,” Beasley said. “So, we're looking forward to this bye week.”
Julio Jones will have a week of rest to help his injured toe heal before the Falcons host a playoff game. Maddie Meyer/Getty Images
The Falcons survived key injuries throughout the season and still finished 11-5 and won the NFC South. Pro Bowl cornerback Desmond Trufant was lost to season-ending pectoral surgery, but Jalen Collins has stepped in and performed admirably in his place. The loss of productive veteran tight end Jacob Tamme was minimized as players such as Levine Toilolo, rookie Joshua Perkins and long shot D.J. Tialavea contributed touchdown receptions from the position. And the vocal leadership provided by veteran linebacker Sean Weatherspoon before going down to a season-ending Achilles tear was missed, but rookie Deion Jones started raising his voice.
Now the Falcons just have to maintain a good bill of health for the next month or so. Fans certainly cringed watching Beasley exit to the locker room Sunday. Then rookie strong safety and first-round pick Keanu Neal exited and was evaluated for a head injury after a crushing hit on Saints receiver Willie Snead.
“I felt fine,” Neal said. “I was a little dizzy, but that's part of the game. They went through safety precautions and took me in, but that's part of it. They're big on safety, particularly head injuries. And the bye is huge because it allows us to recover.”
The other injuries to monitor before the Falcons host a game in the second round are cornerback Robert Alford's knee and the leg injury to nickelback Brian Poole.
“Essentially it's like a playoff win today, getting us to the second round,” quarterback Matt Ryan said. “As far as time off, we will see what [coach] Dan [Quinn] has scheduled for us. It will be a good chance for us and the guys who need rest to get healthy.”
How much will a book of Forever Stamps be worth 50 years from now? Of course this is assuming that the U.S. Postal Service is still in existence then.
To the Editor:
I have known George Lovett for three decades. In that time, George has shown care for others and demonstrated that care through his service in the community.
In the Republican primary this spring, we will be voting for the candidate for state representative in the 80th Ohio House District. All the candidates are capable of the job, but we need to choose the one that will do the best job representing all of us. George is that person.
George has always been forthright and will not hesitate to communicate his thoughts. He will be our voice in Columbus to protect our values and beliefs.
When you cast your vote, I urge you to vote for George Lovett. He will serve all of us well at the statehouse.
— David O. Werts
Tipp City
: The ruling Janata Dal (United) on Friday took a swipe at RJD president Lalu Prasad over his outbursts on social media where he accused the Narendra Modi government of having filed a "fraud case" against him in the hotels-for-land scam."Lalu ji has become a twitter baba. He should alsotweet about the questions he was asked during the grilling by CBI and the explanations he may have given about the source of his immense wealth", JD(U) spokesman Neeraj Kumar said here in a statement."Whatever Lalu ji is going through, he should blame his own deeds for that. And as a natural outcome of his actions, his son Tejashwi has also been named as an accused in the case. After all, he has not been appearing before the CBI court for having taken part in the struggle for Independence", the JD(U) leader remarked.The JD(U) spokesman's comments came in response to a series of tweets by the RJD supremo, shortly after his appearance before the CBI in New Delhi.Prasad was questioned for seven hours on Friday by the CBI in connection with alleged corruption in the award of contract for the maintenance of two IRCTC hotels in 2006. The former railway minister had tweeted, "I brought glory to the Indian Railways. Modi govt has filed a fraud case against me. BJP, Amit Shah and Narendra Modi are party to this.""I challenge divisive politics therefore they want to ruin my family but I am not scared. I will uproot communalism and fascism even if I am hanged", he had alleged in another one of his tweets.In a scathing attack on the RJD supremo, Kumar said there are few examples in the country of a person indulging in rampant corruption and making his family members too suffer on that account.Incidentally, the RJD and JD(U), along with the Congress, had fought the 2015 assembly polls together as alliance partners. However, relations between the two parties begun to sour when the names of Lalu and Tejashwi cropped up in corruption cases relating to the UPA 1 period when the RJD supremo was the railway minister.The Grand Alliance finally collapsed with JD(U) president and Chief Minister Nitish Kumar pulling out of the coalition citing his "zero tolerance policy" towards corruption. He then formed a new government with the support of the BJP and eventually joined the NDA.
So far, the buildup to Ontario's 2018 election has focused largely on personalities. This is a pity, since it's hard to think of a jurisdiction in North America more desperate for serious discussion about innovative, pro-growth public policy than Ontario.
When it comes to economic growth, government debt, private-sector job creation or median household income growth, Ontario's performance over the past decade has been the worst or among the worst in Canada. So it's high time public discourse in Ontario pivot to important policy issues and big ideas for change.
Perhaps the best place to start is a fundamental re-examination of Ontario's approach to personal income taxation. Ontario's uncompetitive personal income tax system, with seven brackets and a top combined federal-provincial marginal rate of 53.53 per cent, discourages high-skilled Ontarians from engaging in productive activity such as work and entrepreneurship, and creating opportunities in Ontario.
Comparing Ontario's top personal income rate to other jurisdictions underscores our competitiveness problem. Again, the top marginal rate is critically important because it influences the economic decision-making of doctors, lawyers, professionals, entrepreneurs and other high-skilled professionals. At 53.53 per cent, Ontario's is the second-highest combined federal-provincial (or federal-state) marginal income tax rate in Canada and the United States. Nearby states with whom Ontario competes, including Michigan, Pennsylvania and Indiana, all have top marginal rates more than 10 percentage points lower.
Another way to boost the province's growth prospects and competitiveness would be to reduce Ontario's general corporate income tax rate.
Recent federal corporate tax reform in the U.S. has wiped away Ontario's former business tax advantage over all U.S. states, harming the province's ability to attract entrepreneurs and investment. As noted in a recent Fraser Institute study, to address this challenge, the Ontario government could tax all taxable income — personal income and general business income — at the same single rate of eight per cent. This reform would transform Ontario into one of the most attractive tax jurisdictions in North America for investment and talent.
On the personal income tax, this reform would leave Ontario with a top combined rate of 41 per cent. Instead of the second-highest marginal rate in Canada and the U.S., Ontario would have the 12th-lowest.
On the corporate income tax, a 3.5-point reduction from 11.5 per cent to 8.0 per cent would leave Ontario with one of the lowest combined federal-provincial statutory general corporate tax rates in the two countries.
Some may object that such tax reductions, which would cost the province around $11 billion in 2018-19 (including provisions to ensure lower- and middle-income families are not made worse off by the changes), are not fiscally prudent. But they are affordable if the government is willing to exercise spending restraint. Holding nominal spending for this fiscal year at 2017-18 levels (instead of proceeding with a planned six per cent spending increase) would pay for more than half of this proposed reform. One more year of frozen nominal spending would cover the remainder and then some. Clearly, pro-growth tax reform is possible if it's a priority.
After a long pre-campaign focused largely on personalities, a pivot to policy is overdue. Ontario needs big ideas. Hopefully, this proposed tax reform, to make Ontario one of the most attractive jurisdictions on the continent, will help foster this type of discussion.
Ben Eisen is director of the Fraser Institute's Ontario Prosperity Initiative. This column was co-authored by Joel Emes, a senior fellow at the Fraser Institute.
Zane Grothe has walked through the fire and been reborn. Zane was certain his career was done, and he mourned its end. After some intense soul-searching he decided to give it one more shot, changing his location and coaches. The results appear to be nothing less than a revival of U.S. distance swimming. After his 4:07.2 500 and 14:18 1650 freestyle American records at the 2017 U.S. Winter Nationals, Zane's eyeing the Tokyo 2020 Summer Olympic Games with hope and confidence.
Zane opens up about the moment he knew his career was over and how he pulled himself out of that mindset. He also shares advice to swimmers experiencing doubt in their careers now.
There are not assurances for Zane, even with two American records under his belt. What does Zane need to drop this year and at the 2020 U.S. Olympic Trials to be in the hunt for Olympic hardware?
400 free and the 800 free relay appear to be his best shot right now.
400m free? I think he needs to be 3:43+ this year to medal at Pan Pacs. For 2020 U.S. Olympic Trials, to be safe, he needs to aim for a 3:42.3.
800 free relays? I think you need to be 1:46 flat to make the 2020 Olympic Team, and that's for a 6th place. I'm hoping for a fast 200m free final in Omaha by 2020. ***Note, Clark Smith was 6th with 1:47.5 to make the 4×200 in 2016.
Follow Zane Grothe on Twitter here.
Follow Zane Grothe on Instagram here.
See Zane Grothe on Facebook here.
RECENT EPISODES
This is a Gold Medal Media production presented by SwimOutlet.com. Host Gold Medal Mel Stewart is a 3-time Olympic medalist and the co-founder of SwimSwam.com, a Swimming News website.
Follow Gold Medal Mel on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
Easter might be over but there are still plenty of events to enjoy on Saturday and Sunday.
PAID: Saturday Morning Lecture, Preston, Saturday, April 22
This talk is entitled Joseph Blackburn 1917 and is presented by David Hewitt. He will tell the story of Joseph Blackburn, from Thornton, an ordinary man who didn't want to go to war. In fact he was exempted, but that decision was overturned by a tribunal in London. It's at theLancashire Infantry Museum at Fulwood Barracks, Watling Street Road in Preston. It starts at 11am and admission is £2 per person. Light refreshments (tea, coffee, cakes) are available afterwards - a small donation is suggested. For more information call 01772 260584 or visit www.lancashireinfantrymuseum.org.uk/
PAID: Slay Boredom, Clitheroe, Saturday, April 22 and Sunday, April 23
Experts dressed in armour will give jousting demonstrations and combat displays. After the displays, there will be an opportunity for interested children to learn to joust and try to slay the dragon. What better way to celebrate St George and the Dragon! It's run by Academie Glorianna. It's at Clitheroe Castle from 11am until 3.30pm. The event is free, but admission to the Castle Museum is £4.30 for adults. Ages 13 to 18 and accompanied children up to the age of 12 go free.
FREE: Skippool Health Walk, Thornton, Saturday, April 22
A rural walk along the riverside path and through local fields. It can be muddy so make sure you wear suitable footwear and clothing. These regular walks are designed to help you get fit, stay fit and keep healthy, and will take in some beautiful local countryside. This walk is graded as easy. Meet at Skippool picnic site on Wyre Road in Thornton for a 2pm prompt start. Admission is free. For more information telephone 01995 602125.
FREE: Wray Scarecrow Festival and Fair, Wray, from Saturday, April 22 until Monday, May 1
The villagers of Wray are back this year to create some weird, wacky and wonderful scarecrow creations to surprise and delight visitors… Each year visitors can wander around Wray village, discovering the host of scarecrows. This event proves to be very popular every year. It's open daily from 10am until 5pm. Start at Wray Institute on Main Street, Lancaster. For more information telephone 015242 22311.
PAID: Densetsu - The Beginning, Preston, Sunday, April 23
Densetsu is an eight-man tournament featuring the leading grappling talents in the UK. The best athletes have been brought together to compete in this purist form of grappling with no points, no time limits, submission only and all submissions legal. Each match will be over when it's over. It's on a Preston's Guild Hall at 3.30pm. Tickets are £25 from the booking office on 01772 804444 or online at www.prestonguildhall.co.uk/shows/densetsu/
FREE: Spring Migration, Fleetwood, Sunday, April 23
Meet the rangers at Rossall Point Observation Tower on The Esplanade in Fleetwod for this early morning spring bird watch. Please dress appropriately for the weather and for a slow walk with frequent stops, to watch the birds. Hopefully you will see a wide variety of birds. Also, don't forget your binoculars and telescope if you have one. Meet for a 9am prompt start. Admission is free. For more information telephone 01995 602125.
PAID: The Junior Blackpool Dance Festival, Blackpool, until Sunday, April 23
The Empress Ballrooms in theWinter Gardens, Blackpool is the venue for this dance festival which traditionally starts on Easter Monday. There are two age groups of children – Juveniles (six to under 12 years) and Juniors (12 to under 16 years) and three branches of dancing – Latin American, Ballroom and Sequence. Over the seven days there are 29 competitions, four Team Matches and three Formation Competitions. It opens at 10am every day. For tickets visit www.wintergardensblackpool.co.uk/events/the-junior-blackpool-dance-festival/# or telephone the box office on 0844 856 1111.
PAID: Bark in the Park, Lancaster, Sunday, April 23
The most paw-some event for all four legged friends and kids is back – this time with a St. Georges Day twist! Enjoy this doggie day out being held at Williamson Park, featuring a 4km Sponsored Walk, Fun Dog show and Family Scavenger Quest. There's also face painting, stalls, agility show and free dog chipping. It runs from 11am until 4pm. The event is free to attend, with admission charges to various feature events. Call 01524 381820 or visit www.cancercare.org.uk/events/bark-in-the-park-2017 for more.
FREE: St George's Day Celebrations, Chorley, Sunday, April 23
Astley Hall is the stunning venue for the annual St George's Day parade for both scouts and girl guides. It is a celebration day of our Patron Saint for both leaders and young people from throughout Chorley Borough. It runs from 9am until 5pm. The parade runs from the Astley Hall end of the park to the top end of the football fields near Pets' corner and cafe. The area is set up so that we can take the Salute as each Scout Group and Guide Company passes the Scouting officials and other invited guests. Other activities will also be available.
PAID: Signs of Spring Walk, Brinscall, Saturday, April 22
Go along to Brinscall Woods (near Lodge Bank) to enjoy a sign of spring spotting walk from 2pm-4pm. Following the walk, you can help plant some spring bulbs on site and make a seed bomb to take way. Refreshments will also be provided. Admission is £3.50 per person (under 3s free) if booked in advance or £4.50 per person on the day. Book through the Facebook page: https://www.facebook.com/events/1151543001634722/​
Kabul
Although Russia, China, and Pakistan recently held a session to assess the situation in Afghanistan, but a senior Russian diplomat says, the three countries have no program for meditation in Afghan peace negotiations.
Zamir Kabulov, the special envoy of Russia in Afghanistan has said that Moscow, Beijing, and Islamabad have no plan for peace negotiations, because they have received no request in that regard. He made clear that Moscow session has been held to widen regional cooperation regarding improvement of situation in Afghanistan.
According the Russian special envoy, the three countries that participated in Moscow session believe there is a need for a more comprehensive regional formation in Afghanistan in cooperation with the country to set up new objectives. One of the matters agreed upon in tripartite session was carrying efforts for removal the names of Taliban's leaders from the UN black list.—INP
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich. (WOOD) — An NBC drama focusing on the Jewel of the Midwest is dipping into some Midwest talent for its latest episode.
Jettzen Shea is only 8 years old and he's shooting for the stars. The Grand Rapids boy has his own page on IMDb.com and tonight, America will be able to catch him on NBC's hit drama, “Chicago Fire.”
WOOD TV8 received a video clip from NBC ahead of the episode in which Jett can be seen.
“I'm just excited for people to see me on television and it just makes me become bigger and bigger so people notice me more,” Jettzen said.
You may have already noticed Jett. He's been acting since he was 4 years old, done voiceover work, modeled and appeared in an ESPN commercial.
Carrie Bradstreet isn't his real mom. They met on a set when she played his mom.
“Well, he calls me mom No. 2,” Bradstreet said.
Now, they go to auditions in Chicago together.
So what can Jett and Bradstreet say about the episode of “Chicago Fire” and his future on the show? Not much.
“It was pretty dramatic for a little boy to be playing that role, so he had to really be in character and be dramatic,” Bradstreet said.
Jett may have provided another little clue:
“I just like cliffhangers,” he said. “For example, “Chicago Fire” makes you want more.”
You can watch “Chicago Fire” at 10 p.m. tonight on WOOD TV8, followed by 24 Hour News 8 at 11 p.m.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
A lawyer for the former ​Denver radio DJ ​i​n the Taylor Swift grope trial pointed to a key photograph Monday in an attempt to persuade jurors that his client was innocent of fondling the “Bad Blood” songstress.
“Look at Ms. Swift's face and ask yourself, ‘Is that the face of a person who just had a strange man grab her butt?'” attorney Gabe McFarland asked in his closing argument in a Denver federal courthouse, CNN reported. “That's the face of someone who is taking a nice photograph.”
McFarland was referring to a picture snapped during a meet-and-greet in 2013, when his shock jock client David Mueller allegedly grabbed Swift's bare behind as the two and another person smile and pose.
​Swift's mother, Andrea Swift, touched her daughter's right leg as Swift cried and wiped her face ​as he showed the picture. Her lawyer also rubbed her back.
“Not a single witness who was there gave any indication that they saw Mr. Mueller bend over or lean down to get low enough to get under Ms. Swift's skirt,” McFarland added.
Mueller sued Swift, her mother Andrea and the singer's radio liaison Frank Bell, accusing them of getting him fired over the groping allegations. Swift – who cried during portions of closing arguments — countersued for assault and battery.
On Friday, a judge threw out the portion of Mueller's lawsuit against Swift, saying there was insufficient evidence to prove she got him fired.
Jurors will weigh whether Bell and Andrea Swift intentionally caused Mueller to be canned from his $150,000-a-year radio gig and whether Mueller assaulted or battered the “1984” crooner.
With Post wires​
Afternoon trivia quiz: May 31
Love quizzes? Get daily notifications of Stuff trivia tests on our app. Details here.
Got a good quiz question? Send your questions to stuffdailyquiz@gmail.com
QUIZ MORE:
* Quiz: How well do you know royal movies
* Quiz: How well do you know TV teens?
BUFFALO, N.Y. (WIVB) — A shooting victim's condition is not clear after an incident on Guilford St. Sunday afternoon.
Doctors performed surgery on a man after he was shot around 3 p.m.
Police were seen investigating on the 200 block of Guilford St.
A UNIFORM minimum wage throughout the country can only be done if Congress repeals Republic Act (R.A.) 6727 or the Wage Rationalization Act which created the National Wages and Productivity Commission (NWPC) and the Regional Tripartite Wages and Productivity Board (RTWPB).
“The R.A. 6727, creates the RTWPBs which has the concept that each region, after considering the peculiarities, come out with a different wage rate for that particular region,” Department of Labor and Employment (DOLE)-7 Regional Director Alvin Villamor said.
“RTWPBs should be abolished if they want Congress to come out with a minimum wage across the country. We should be able to do it without RTWPBs,” he added.
Villamor, however, favors promulgating new minimum wages for different regions because of the effect of the train law.
“We (from the wage board) are already in a consensus to increase. The only question is how much? We are at that state already, even before Sec. (Silvestre) Bello came out with a pronouncement to activate RTWPBs for new round of (wage) increase,” he said.
He said that workers in Central Visayas can now positively expect an increase in their minimum wage next month.
“By June, we might already be able to promulgate a new wage order,” Villamor added.
Uniform Wages
On Monday, the House Makabayan bloc filed House Bill 7787, seeking to increase the national minimum wage to P750, to “ease the suffering” of Filipinos due to the implementation of the Tax Reform Acceleration and Inclusion (Train) Law.
The bloc also wants a return to a national wage standard instead of a region based one.
The proposed measure also seeks to amend the Labor Code, specifically to abolish the NWPC and its 17 RTWPBs, which is mandated to fix and regulate the minimum wage in the provinces.
If approved, the wage-setting function will be restored to Congress and a uniform P750 national minimum wage will be legislated.
The bill also warrants a yearly adjustment of the minimum wage of workers across the country by the President and provides stiffer fines against employers who violate the minimum wage.
The 2018 Special Olympics USA games included a “Forza Motorsport 7” tournament, according to a press release from the Special Olympics.
The competition was held on Monday at the University of Washington, and had eight teams of two compete against each other. Each team included a partner with an intellectual disability and a partner without an intellectual disability.
Microsoft has sponsored the Special Olympics since the 2014 games, and is a proud premier sponsor for the 2018 games. Microsoft's Phil Spencer, head of gaming, expressed the company's excitement about the first gaming tournament of the Special Olympics.
“At Microsoft, we believe that gaming is for everyone so we're proud to pilot the first gaming tournament at the Special Olympics USA Games this summer,” said Spencer in a press release. “Competitive video gaming is enjoyed by players around the world, and our goal with this pilot tournament is to challenge biases and breakdown barriers while providing an empowering and fun experience for all players.”
Sponsoring the Special Olympics is just one part of how Microsoft is showing the belief that gaming should be for everyone. The company is also releasing an adaptive Xbox controller later this year, intended to help players with limited mobility enjoy games. Microsoft will also participate in a job fair for Special Olympic participants and their families, as a part of the company's efforts to practice inclusive hiring for people with disabilities.
Beth Knox, president and CEO of the 2018 Special Olympics USA Games, commented on the benefits of gaming for people with disabilities.
“Many of our athletes are avid gamers and research indicates playing video games can potentially boost cognitive and motor skills of people with intellectual disabilities,” said Knox. “We are thrilled to partner with Xbox to bring the first-ever video gaming tournament to the USA Games.”
Chancellor Angela Merkel's main challenger, Martin Schulz, labelled US President Donald Trump "irresponsible" on Sunday and insisted he could still win Germany's Sept. 24 election despite languishing in polls.Schulz, leader of the left-leaning Social Democratic Party (SPD), said he would not take issue with Merkel's approach to handling the dispute between the United States and North Korea as Germany should stand united.But he could not resist a dig at Trump, whom he described to the broadcaster ZDF as "this irresponsible man in the White House"."What worries me is that an American president ... is sinking to the level of a North Korean dictator," Schulz added in a separate interview with the RTL channel.On Friday, Merkel said there was no military solution to the North Korea issue, adding that "an escalation of the rhetoric is the wrong answer".Six weeks out from the election, an Emnid opinion poll for Sunday's Bild am Sonntag newspaper put support for Schulz's SPD at 24 percent, far behind Merkel's conservative bloc, on 38 percent.The two parties now rule in a "grand coalition", led by Merkel's conservatives. Despite the conservatives' big lead in surveys, a fractured political landscape could make it hard to form other viable coalitions.Schulz insisted he could still win the election, telling ZDF: "I reckon I've got a good chance." Asked about the possibility of another grand coalition, he replied: "I have nothing against a grand coalition under my leadership."The Emnid poll put support for the far-left Left party at 10 percent, with the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) and the anti-immigration Alternative for Germany (AfD) both on 8 percent, and the environmentalist Greens on 7.A day after Merkel rounded on Germany's auto executives for squandering trust in the sector, Schulz accused them of putting the industry at risk by failing to plan for the future.The fate of the auto sector, Germany's biggest exporter and provider of some 800,000 jobs, has become a hot election issue as politicians accuse executives and each other of failing to find an adequate response to a scandal over emissions.The scandal blew up almost two years ago when Volkswagen admitted to cheating US emissions tests, throwing the spotlight on a major source of pollution and increasing the pressure for a decisive switch to alternative fuels."The problem is, we are living through a situation in Germany in which managers worth millions at VW, at Daimler, have fallen asleep and forgotten the future," Schulz told ZDF.VW, along with fellow German carmakers BMW, Daimler, Audi and Porsche, are also being investigated by European regulators for alleged anti-competitive collusion.Trade unionists at VW have urged politicians not to exploit its problems for political gain.Car bosses agreed this month to overhaul engine software on 5.3 million diesel cars to cut pollution.Former chancellor Gerhard Schroeder, himself a former member of VW's supervisory board, accused Merkel of neglecting her duties by going on holiday rather than chairing the emissions talks with industry bosses."I don't want to spoil anyone's holiday. But here I would have taken charge personally. It is all far too important," Schroeder, a Social Democrat whom Merkel defeated in 2005, told the Swiss tabloid newspaper Blick.
LONDON/BEIJING - China's Nanjing Hanrui Cobalt, which sells the metal to a firm approved by the London Metal Exchange, said it was unable to ascertain that its products did not involve the use of child labour in Africa.
Nanjing Hanrui is a supplier to another Chinese company, Yantai Cash, which is on the LME's list of firms whose cobalt meets its quality standards.
Concerns about the sourcing of Yantai's metal have reduced interest in the LME's cobalt contract, trading sources said, although there is no proof to date that children are involved in its extraction.
The issue is sensitive because cobalt chemicals are used in batteries to power the electric vehicles whose rapid growth is revolutionising the motor industry. Car companies are worried about possible scarcities of responsibly sourced cobalt.
Nanjing Hanrui said in a statement that it was examining its cobalt supply chain in the Democratic Republic of Congo, adding that initial findings showed "a part" of its cobalt came from "small-scale mining and artisanal mining areas".
As this investigation started just over a month ago, the company still lacked experience in supply chain compliance management and it was "not yet possible to judge whether there is a risk of child labour," the statement said.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Nanjing Hanrui said it was stepping up its supply chain studies with the help of experts.
Liu Xiaohan, manager of the international trade department at Yantai Cash, said in an emailed response that the firm bought part of its cobalt from Nanjing Hanrui, which is a business partner of Yantai Cash.
"We are currently unable to confirm what you discuss about Nanjing Hanrui's artisanal mining and the risk of it involving child labour," Liu said.
This is because Yantai Cash has just started to set up a responsible management system and has not yet completed supply chain traceability, he added.
Yantai Cash's metal can be delivered against the LME's cobalt contract, which was launched in 2010.
The LME said action would be taken if any evidence was found of practices that fell below its standards.
Concerns arose in the market about the source of Yantai's metal in June after it started buying from Hanrui, sources said.
"The market is worried Yantai's cobalt is sullied by child labour, the LME should take it off the deliverable list," a source on the exchange's cobalt committee said.
The source said customers did not want to take the risk of getting Yantai metal. "They are shunning the contract."
TAINTED
Cobalt metal is used in alloys for jet engines, while cobalt chemicals are a key ingredient for rechargeable lithium-ion batteries used to power electric vehicles.
Consumers worried about potential scandal are under pressure to ensure the cobalt they use is not tainted by child labour in DRC, the source of about 65 percent of the world's cobalt.
Concerns about shortages of cobalt from untainted sources have prompted carmakers to take steps to secure supplies for the longer term.
Volkswagen last month held talks with Glencore, China's Zhejiang Huayou Cobalt, commodity trader Traxys, U.S. miner Freeport-McMoran and Eurasian Resources Group about securing cobalt supplies.
"Besides supplies and costs, other topics in discussion include future capacity expansion, sustainability and transparency," a VW representative said.
A report last month from Amnesty International said about a fifth of cobalt production in the DRC is mined by hand, including by children, often in dangerous conditions.
"At least on a temporary basis, they have to ban Yantai Cash from the good delivery list," a cobalt industry source said, adding that worries about Yantai metal had negatively impacted prices, volumes traded and open interest, a measure of the flow of money into the market.
LME cobalt at around US$70,000 a tonne has recently traded well below benchmark prices gathered by Metal Bulletin, a trade publication.
The discount has widened since June 19, when worries about where Yantai's material was sourced from started to filter through the market. It has averaged US$4,500 a tonne since June 19 from near US$400 a tonne between Jan 2 and June 16.
Open interest crashed by more than 40 percent to 308 tonnes between June 19 and 22, while volumes traded on the LME in the third quarter at 1,949 tonnes are less than half the levels in the previous three quarters.
(GRAPHIC - LME cobalt contract volumes: http://reut.rs/2AYdWW9)
(GRAPHIC - LME cobalt contract open interest: http://reut.rs/2A8dMeY)
(GRAPHIC - LME vs MB low grade cobalt: http://reut.rs/2ACR3Vh)
RESPONSIBLE SOURCING INITIATIVES
Yantai Cash said it is willing to work with companies in the cobalt supply chain "as well as other stakeholders to promote the alleviation of child labour and other human rights risks".
It recently submitted an application to join China's Responsible Cobalt Initiative (RCI). A representative of the RCI secretariat said Yantai Cash's application would be accepted by Dec. 12 if there are no objections from the RCI board.
The RCI was formed last year under the umbrella of the Chinese Chamber of Commerce of Metals, Minerals and Chemicals Importers & Exporters (CCCMC). Its members agreed last month to establish the association as a legal entity with more than 20 members involved in the cobalt supply chain
The LME too has been looking at the subject of responsible sourcing and has been working with the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development, which gets involved in setting such standards, for several years.
"There is no international standard in this area and the jurisdictional differences between certification regimes, audits and codes are extensive," the LME spokesperson said.
Last month the exchange sent out a survey on responsible sourcing, auditing and certification of metal to all producers delivering metal against LME contracts.
"The LME's recent survey sent to all LME-listed producers was designed to elicit further information with regard to the sourcing of materials," a statement said.
"We have been clear that any evidence of sub-standard practices that fall short of our requirements would be investigated by the LME and action would be taken," it added.
The LME said it wanted to apply international standards on responsible sourcing. These would cover sustainable environmental management and occupational health, required for producers wanting to deliver against LME contracts.
(Reporting by Pratima Desai; Additional reporting by Tom Daly; Editing by Veronica Brown and Giles Elgood)
","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['www.eurosport.ru_other_top_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_top_mobile', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_top_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_top_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '2466', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "www.eurosport.ru","position": "top","page": "live","sport": "57","recurring_event": "565","competition": "161","sponso": "on","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_top_desktop_sponso_on","other_top_tablet_sponso_on","other_top_mobile_sponso_on")]) : {"site": "www.eurosport.ru","position": "top","page": "live","sport": "57","recurring_event": "565","competition": "161","sponso": "on","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('www.eurosport.ru_other_top_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_top_desktop_sponso_on","other_top_tablet_sponso_on","other_top_mobile_sponso_on")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->
Just three days after their divorce filing went public, Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck put on a united front for Easter.
Affleck, 44, and Garner, 45, attended services together at the Community United Methodist Church of Pacific Palisades on Sunday. The estranged couple beamed at one another and were flanked by their three children, daughters Violet, 11, and Seraphina, 8, and son Samuel, 5.
The pair, who announced their separation in 2015, remains amicable, with Affleck still living on the family property. A source told Page Six, “He's still at the house. They strive to be the best parents they can be. There's a strong mutual respect for each other, which you don't typically find with couples divorcing.”
Plus one article on Google Plus
A collection of vintage ads you would never see today.
Ex-FBI agent opens cold case review into who betrayed Anne Frank.
The Existential Horror Created by the First X-Ray Images.
Need a gift for the person who has everything? Check out the reviews on this UFO Detector.
Someone Bought Hitler's Boxers for $6,700.
How a bit of nutmeg, cinnamon, and black pepper set off bloody conflicts and the discovery of the New World.
ICYMI, Wednesday's links are here, and include advice on settling in New York in 1820, a guide for speaking to hormonal women, some wedding dress history, and, from 1803, the Ottoman Empire's first map of the newly minted United States.
Infant found dead in Estero mobile home park
ESTERO, Fla. A two-month old baby was found dead inside a home Wednesday afternoon at the Covered Wagon Trailer Park off U.S. 41 and Corkscrew Road, residents said.
Lee County deputies responded to the community around 1:20 p.m. They also blocked off a nearby Publix.
Although the cause of death hasn't been confirmed, deputies don't suspect foul play.
No further information is immediately available.
The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers will raise the water level in the L-29 Canal (along the Tamiami Trail) and will move more water under the Tamiami Trail to Everglades National Park, but don't expect water from Lake Okeechobee to flow south anytime soon.
The Water Conservation Areas (WCAs) north of the Tamiamai Trail are all above their regulation schedules. Moving more water under the Tamiamai Trail will help the WCAs, but is unlikely to free up enough capacity in the WCAs to take water from the Big O.
According to a USACOE press release, on July 1, the corps raised the maximum allowable level in the L-29 Canal to elevation 8.0 feet, a 0.5-foot increase from its current level. Raising the water level in this canal will increase flows under the 1-mile Tamiami Trail bridge built by the corps and make it possible to move more water from Water Conservation Area 3 (WCA-3) which sits north of the canal.
“This is a significant accomplishment that has been years in the making,” said Col. Jason Kirk, Jacksonville District commander. “We have wanted to raise this water level since heavy rains affected South Florida in late May, but we recognized that we needed to progress further on construction of key features along the eastern edge of Everglades National Park. We are happy to report that construction is now far enough along that we can operate these features in a manner that provides benefits to nearby property owners while we concurrently finish the remaining work on this project.”
The corps has finished the most critical components of the North Detention Area of the C-111 South Dade project in Miami-Dade County. This project and others in the area help manage seepage for nearby property owners that could result from the increased flows into the park.
The corps has also taken additional action over the weekend to address water levels in WCA-3. The corps is implementing deviations in operations that allows for higher water levels in WCA-2A for the rest of summer and the first half of fall. The dry-season recession will start in November and take place over six months instead of the normal four months.
“Storing more water in Conservation Area 2 helps reduce inflows into Conservation Area 3,” said Col. Kirk. “As we work to improve outflows from Conservation Area 3, the reduced inflows set conditions that a recession in the water level could take place, creating some additional storage for future wet season rains.”
This deviation is similar to one USACOE implemented in 2017, when faced with similar high water conditions. Additionally, the corps approved a deviation that allows for the opening of the S-344 structure to move more water out of WCA-3.
The stage in Water Conservation Area 3A was 10.91 feet on July 3, a foot and a half above the 9.31-foot level called for in the water management plan.
The corps has been coordinating with tribal, state and other federal agencies to minimize the impact of these operational adjustments to nearby communities. These agencies include the U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service, the South Florida Water Management District, the Florida Fish & Wildlife Conservation Commission, the Florida Department of Environmental Protection, the Miccosukee Tribe of Indians, the Seminole Tribe of Florida and Everglades National Park.
“We are finally doing exactly what Everglades restoration envisioned,” said Celeste De Palma, director of Everglades policy at Audubon Florida. “High water events in South Florida are testing water managers' ability to move water yet again. The move to flow more water under the Tamiami Trail bridge will give water managers even more flexibility to provide relief to the bloated Water Conservation Areas to the north and puts water back into the northeast corner of Everglades National Park without putting all of the burden on sensitive upland wildlife habitat for species like the Cape Sable Seaside Sparrow. It is so great to see Everglades restoration projects work as intended.
“Pushing water away is the old way of doing business in Florida; that's why Everglades restoration focuses on recapturing water, cleaning it, and rerouting it to mimic the historic freshwater flows that support our ecosystems and our way of life in the Sunshine State. It's all about putting the watershed back in equilibrium,” concluded Ms. De Palma.
Editor Katrina Elsken can be reached at kelsken@newszap.com
0
Showtime's animated series Our Cartoon President will return as promised with seven new episodes starting on Sunday, July 15th at 10:30 p.m ET/PT. Whatever side of the political divide you fall on, there's something for everyone to enjoy in this zany, satirical take on the Trump Administration and its stranger-than-fiction antics. Okay maybe it's a lot easier to enjoy Our Cartoon President from the Blue side of things, but what's impressive no matter your political outlook is just how quickly Showtime's team is able to get these new, topical episodes produced and ready for air. (I talked with lead animator / co-creator / co-executive producer Tim Luecke about just that earlier this year.)
Executive produced by multiple Emmy-winner Stephen Colbert, showrunner R.J. Fried and Late Show executive producer Chris Licht, Our Cartoon President follows the tru-ish misadventures of the 45th President of the United States, Donald J. Trump, and his merry band of advisors and family members. The first season has already introduced audiences to Trump's attempts at “winning” the State of the Union address, comforting disaster victims and rolling back President Obama's accomplishments, as well as his co-dependent relationship with the media. The series averaged over two million weekly viewers in its first 10-episode run, so we'll see how the summer session shakes things up.
Check out the announcement trailer for new episodes of Our Cartoon President below, followed by a brand-new image:
A security force personnel was injured in an encounter with terrorists in a forest area of Pulwama district in Jammu and Kashmir on Wednesday, officials said.Security forces launched an anti-militancy operation in Laam forest of Tral area in Pulwama district following information about presence of terrorists there, a police official said.He said a gun battle broke out between terrorists and the security forces when the ultras opened fire.A security force personnel has been injured while the operation is still in progress, the official said.
By Adung'osi Ikol
The problem with this country is that everyone is for sale. Of course the West knows very well the people's will was subverted, and that our future is being auctioned, but this regime has them very well oiled with contracts to build useless roads we don't need and being clients for their Shylock services.
If you want to know how much those guys don't care about us and despise us, look at the Dutch envoy who came here and treated us to pleasantries only to go back to her country and tweet about how a sham the electoral process was. These guys want us to accept mediocrity they never would allow in their own countries. I wish their taxpayers knew what they do here! Of course the Chinese know where the bread is buttered. They are the biggest beneficiaries of our reckless borrowing. But ask Venezuela. When these guys come for you, you will be repaying their debts using barrels of crude oil from Turukana.
The regime simply wants all this to be over so they can set on their task of eating. Most NASA leaders want to join in the feast and so they only pretend to sympathize with RAO because he is the key to their survival should they face by elections. And with the devolution money disbursed, these guys don't give a rats ass about the principles we stand for. They want to set upon eating. We are wasting their time!
Which is why we as Kenyans should realize we are alone in the belly of the beast. Whether JP or NASA just know that we are in the deep end. Those who voted for this regime, I don't blame you. You are victims just like anyone else. And we will all suffer together. All these talks about this regime somehow fighting corruption in the second term is laughable. This regime was built for corruption. A leopard doesn't change its spots. And the worst part is that the only person who was capable of at least putting up a fight is washed up!
Troop 1532 is composed almost entirely of refugees who hail from far-flung places like Burma, Rwanda and Nepal. The troop's leaders say it helps …
Rwead more
Timmy Jernigan returned to the practice field Friday for the Philadelphia Eagles.
The defensive tackle was listed as a full participant in practice after missing the last two practice sessions because of illness. Jernigan is expected to play in Sunday's showdown against the New England Patriots in Super Bowl LII.
Multiple Eagles players and coach Doug Pederson have been dealing with illnesses this week as they weather the sub-zero temperatures in Minneapolis. Despite their battle with a locker room bug, every player fully participated in Friday's practice.
Every player on the Patriots also fully participated in practice.
Hoda Kotb returned to work at the “Today” show on Monday after two months of maternity leave.
“I've been a mess. I'm scared to be sitting here. I'm a little afraid that I might explode into tears,” a teary-eyed Kotb, who adopted baby Haley Joy earlier this year, told anchors Matt Lauer and Savannah Gutherie. “I'm feeling great. I don't think I've ever been this happy.”
In a pre-tapped segment, Kotb, 52, further explained her new joys of motherhood.
“You think that by a certain stage in your life, I've had every experience that I've had, and then all of a sudden she shows up,” Kotb said. “I felt like in my life, I've had joy beyond what I could have imagine, but this is beyond a dream. Like, you had your dreams — and then this. I never believed in love at first sight until now.”
Kotb broke the adoption news in February.
“I wake up sometimes and go, ‘Oh my God, I have a baby!' But it feels totally real,” she said. “I guess if you've been waiting this long for something, and you wish for it, pray for it, hope for it, wonder if it will ever be, and then it happens, nothing's more real. Nothing.”
Mount Maunganui: He understands the enormity of his side's achievement but a reticent skipper Prithvi Shaw found it hard to express his emotions after India won their fourth Under-19 World Cup.
At 18, like all teenagers, he was not expected to give loaded answers and underlined that it was "fun" which united this bunch of cricketers.
"There a lot of memories created. I can't express, what I am feeling right now. I am just happy," was all he said when asked to pick a few memories having played his last match at this level in a befitting manner.
"It feels really good. Winning this World Cup, it means a lot to us, making India proud. We are enjoying ourselves whether we were batting or bowling," he said.
Asked what he was going through having achieved the target of winning the World Cup, Shaw said, "There were not many emotions. It was mazak and masti (fun and frolic). We were waiting for this tournament. We have played together for 1-2 years.
As a captain, I have been backed. Whenever I was under pressure, the team backed me (rallied around me)."
Shaw also expressed surprise that so many Indian fans gathered to support the team from the beginning of the tournament.
"They all came to watch us. They supported us from the first ball. We got so much of love, we did not expect so many fans. And because of them, we were always fired up."
Asked what did he convey to his teammates after the Australian innings ended and they went into a rare huddle? Shaw said, he did not want his side to be complacent.
"It was not that big a score. I did not want boys to be casual, it was big thing, it is a World Cup final. We needed to be calm and have partnerships. Those little things helped."
Shaw, who already has five first class hundreds to his name, said playing in New Zealand was a good learning curve.
"It was a good experience, we learnt a lot in these weather conditions. Rahul sir has visited here a lot and he told us how to play, also Paras sir. It was a team work," he signed off
THUNDER BAY, ONT.—Though Lillian Slipperjack lives in a small fly-in reserve surrounded by forest, she never felt more isolated than when she had to travel to the nearest city to give birth.“I was scared and wishing someone was with me,” said Slipperjack, 35, of Fort Hope. “I would have brought my mom. She would have talked me through the birth.”Slipperjack is only one of many indigenous women in Ontario to make such a journey alone because Health Canada denies their doctors' requests to fund the travel of a loved one to assist with the labour. The denied service is seen by moms and health-care professionals as confusing, seemingly arbitrary and unfair.Slipperjack, a mother of seven, has previously been approved and denied escorts when relocating to cities like Thunder Bay for birth. “The sad thing is that I got used to being alone in the delivery room. Nobody should have to feel like that.”After repeated questioning, Health Canada told the Star that although high-risk pregnancies may justify an escort, low-risk ones do not. Article Continued BelowDoctors and maternal health experts, including the Society of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists of Canada, are calling for Health Canada to extend escort coverage to all women who have to relocate for birth, not just for those who are high-risk.“Health Canada's transport policy of not funding a support person to accompany a person in labour is decades old,” said SOGC midwifery representative Lisa Morgan. “Yet we've allowed it to happen for a very long time knowing that it didn't work well for any of us for even a few days.”One of seven standard labour rooms at the Thunder Bay Regional Health Sciences Centre. Around 1,500 babies a year are born at the hospital. Lillian Slipperjack gave birth to her son, Owen, at this hospital. (Michael Robinson/For the toronto star) Morgan said that even during Toronto's 2003 SARS outbreak, when a no-escort policy for pregnant women was designed to prevent further spread of the virus, health officials quickly found it unworkable.
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Damp houses worse than meth houses, says health board chief
MARION VAN DIJK/STUFF Nelson Marlborough Health chief executive Peter Bramley says a warm, dry home is "far more important" to an individuals health than traces of meth smoking.
Cold, damp houses have a more dangerous effect on your health than third-hand exposure to methamphetamine, a health boss says.
Nelson Marlborough District Health Board chief executive Peter Bramley said mouldy homes were "absolutely" a bigger health risk than supposed meth homes.
Bramley was quizzed on meth houses at a community meeting in Seddon, in south Marlborough, on Wednesday night.
An Awatere resident asked if cold, damp and mouldy houses had a worse effect on health than prior meth smoking in New Zealand properties.
READ MORE:
* The meth house is a myth: There's 'no risk' from drug smoking residue, Govt report finds
* Housing NZ's new meth policy still months away, but for now they are softening up
* New society aims to clean up meth testing industry
SUPPLIED A wall with harmful, spreading black mold around the blinds
"The latest scientific evidence from the other day basically says that if your home was used as a meth lab then of course your home would be contaminated and probably at levels that are dangerous to your health," Bramley said.
"If you've had people in your home that have been smoking meth then the evidence is that this probably isn't dangerous to your health.
"A warm, dry home is far more important to a family's or an individual's health."
SUPPLIED Mold and fungus problem near heater hanging on the corner.
Asthma Marlborough respiratory nurse Karen Vis said damp, old houses were "not good" for the health of an individual.
"Spores are released by the mould and, when inhaled, they can cause respiratory problems," Vis said.
"It inflames the airways and creates issues with breathing."
RICKY WILSON/STUFF The Seddon Awatere's Smart and Connected meeting was held at Awatere Memorial Hall on Wednesday night.
"Asthmatics are more sensitive to triggers, so there's the potential as with meth residue for them to get sick," she said.
ZeroStone Investigations owner Mike Lawson, who's business runs a meth testing service, said while mould was "certainly an issue" when compared with meth, he considered both a health risk.
"I've had a significant number of people feeling unwell who've then called up, got their house tested then come back with positive test results," Lawson said.
"I'm guided by science. Up until a couple of days ago I was going by the New Zealand meth testing standard.
"Then a new report came out which said meth smoking was not as bad as we thought previously."
A report released earlier this week showed there was no real risk to humans from third-hand exposure to houses where meth had been consumed.
This meant tens of thousands of homes had needlessly been tested and cleaned, costing of millions of dollars, with some demolished or left empty.
Lawson said while he expects the report would encourage people not to "test houses as often" there was "still a place for meth testing".
"Meth [is associated] with other undesirable behaviours, so it's a good indicator of something amiss," he said.
Bramley said the NMDHB's concern was that meth was a "highly addictive" drug.
"The harm tends to come over time, so we're not seeing huge numbers in terms of presentation at an emergency department," he said.
"But over time your health does deteriorate and you become far more susceptible, probably because of [the] poor nutrition, poor lifestyle that results from that.
When visiting Murchison, south of Nelson, a few weeks ago, Bramley said "their suggestion was that 60 per cent of their workers in that area were using methamphetamine on a recreational basis".
"That's a scourge for our community, frankly," he said.
"And I think as a community we've got to keep stepping up to figure out how we can tackle that one."
The addressing of meth use in the community was one of four cross-list agendas being targeted by the Top of the South Impact Forum, which was made up of council, health and police agencies.
"We need to figure out how we can change the mindset and perception of our community, because it's doing a heap of damage under the hood," Bramley said.
One resident said the closure of multiple addiction centres across the country did not seem "the right way to be going".
Despite the closures, Bramley was encouraged to see that authorities were "pouring more and more resources into addiction services".
"It may not necessary be into addiction centres, but we know that we want to be super responsive as a health system to people who've got issues with addictions," he said.
"We actually need to make sure we've got the right programs of support and care."
- The Marlborough Express
New York/London: Newly launched bitcoin futures on Monday suggested that traders expect the cryptocurrency's blistering price gains to slow in the coming months, even as it blasted above $17,000 to a fresh record high in the spot market.
Chicago-based derivatives exchange Cboe Global Markets launched the futures late on Sunday, marking the first time investors could get exposure to the bitcoin market via a large, regulated exchange.
The one-month bitcoin contract opened at 6 pm local time (2300 GMT) on Sunday at $15,460. By late afternoon on Monday in New York, it was trading at $18,650, roughly 8 percent above bitcoin's spot price of $16,900 on the Bitstamp exchange.
Bitcoin earlier hit a record high of $17,270.
Its steep gains and rapid rise have attracted investors around the world as well as intense scrutiny from government regulators, which is the very opposite of what its creators wanted when it first launched bitcoin more than eight years ago.
"The bitcoin founder should be horrified seeing it rise so quickly, as any serious focus on it and its recent explosive move higher will soon end its freedom," said John Taylor Jr, president and founder of research firm Taylor Global Vision in New York.
Taylor believes that based on his charts, bitcoin has not yet peaked, but as soon as the "upmove ends, it will crash."
Given bitcoin has almost tripled in value over the past month, and was up more than 15 percent on Monday alone, the futures pricing suggested investors see price increases moderating.
Bitcoin futures were already offered on some unregulated cryptocurrency exchanges outside the United States, but backers said the US market debut would confer greater legitimacy on the volatile cryptocurrency and encourage its wider use.
The CME Group is expected to launch its futures contract on 17 December.
Volatility concerns
Although there are hopes that the futures will draw in new investors, most fund managers at larger asset managers and institutional investors said bitcoin remains too volatile and lacks the fundamentals that give other assets value.
"There's no place for bitcoin in a multi-asset portfolio given the very high volatility," said Robeco Chief Investment Officer Lukas Daalder.
The two-month contract was trading at $18,750, an 11 percent premium over the spot price, while the three-month contract was changing hands at $18,140, a roughly 12 percent premium.
While modest when compared with bitcoin's 270 percent increase over the past three months and 230 percent rise in the last two months, those levels still indicated a lack of large "short" positions betting against bitcoin.
"Anyone, especially a professional trading outfit, would be crazy to actually short sell this bull market," said Nick Spanos, founder of Bitcoin Center NYC. "But just because it doesn't happen on day one doesn't mean it won't in the future."
Bitcoin was up more than 1,600 percent so far in 2017, having started the year at less than $1,000.
'March towards legitimisation'
As of early afternoon trading in New York, 3,951 one-month contracts had changed hands, meaning around $73.1 million had been notionally traded. That compares with daily trading volumes of more than $21.5 billion across all cryptocurrencies, according to trade website Coinmarketcap.
There had been speculation that the futures launch would trigger more gyrations in the market. But while volatile compared with traditional currencies or assets, the rise on Monday was relatively tame for bitcoin.
Bitcoin surged more than 40 percent in 48 hours last week, before tumbling 20 percent in the following 10 hours.
"(Bitcoin futures) will speed up the march towards legitimisation of an asset class that only a few years ago many law enforcement agencies would have argued had limited legitimate reasons for people to use," said Jo Torode, a financial crime lawyer at Ropes & Gray in London.
The futures are cash-settled contracts, allowing investors exposure without having to hold any of the cryptocurrency. The futures are based on the auction price of bitcoin in US dollars on the Gemini Exchange, which is owned and operated by virtual currency entrepreneurs and brothers Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss.
Dramatic gains
Bitcoin was set up in 2008 by an individual or group calling themselves Satoshi Nakamoto, and was the first digital currency to successfully use cryptography to keep transactions secure and hidden, making traditional financial regulation difficult if not impossible.
Central bankers and critics of the cryptocurrency have been ringing the alarm bells over its surge in price and other risks such as whether the opaque market can be used for money laundering.
"It looks remarkably like a bubble forming to me," the Reserve Bank of New Zealand's Acting Governor Grant Spencer said on Sunday.
Somebody who invested $1,000 in bitcoin at the start of 2013 would now be sitting on around $1.2 million.
Heightened excitement ahead of the launch of the Cboe futures gave an extra kick to the cryptocurrency's scorching run this year.
The launch has so far received a mixed reception from big US banks and brokerages.
Several online brokerages, including Charles Schwab Corp and TD Ameritrade Holding Corp , did not allow trading of the new futures immediately.
The Financial Times reported on Friday that JP Morgan Chase & Co and Citigroup Inc would not immediately clear bitcoin trades for clients.
Goldman Sachs Group Inc said on Thursday it was planning to clear such trades for certain clients.
TORONTO -
Nikita Zaitsev is in.
And the Maple Leafs defenceman, as you might imagine, couldn't be happier.
“I'm so excited,” Zaitsev said on Monday morning at the Air Canada Centre. “It was hard to watch the games. Now I feel really good, so I can help the team.”
The Leafs managed to gain a split in the first two games of the best-of-seven opening-round Stanley Cup playoff series against the Washington Capitals without Zaitsev, and there's no doubt that his return to the lineup will help.
Zaitsev was out with an upper-body injury suffered in the last game of the regular season against Columbus. The 25-year-old rookie will be paired with Jake Gardiner, based on what the Leafs used during the morning skate, and the expectation is that Zaitsev and Gardiner will see plenty of the Caps' top line of Nicklas Backstrom between Alex Ovechkin and T.J. Oshie.
Morgan Rielly will have Matt Hunwick as a partner, and Connor Carrick will skate with Martin Marincin.
With Roman Polak done for the season after suffering a right leg injury in Game 2, Zaitsev's return is that much more crucial. For now, at least, we won't come to learn how Alexey Marchenko might fare in a playoff game for the Leafs, and that's probably a good thing.
The defence picture aside, the Leafs are ready to make an impact in this series on home ice. Game 3 on Monday at the ACC will be the first for the organization at home since May 12, 2013, when the Leafs beat the Boston Bruins 2-1 in Game 6 of the first round. The next night, of course, the Leafs blew a 4-1 lead in Game 7 in Boston and were eliminated.
Auston Matthews had no worry about the ability of himself and his teammates to keep their emotions in check in what's sure to be a raucous environment.
“I think that kind of works in our favour, home ice,” Matthews said. “The crowd is going to be pretty excited, it's going to be an unbelievable atmosphere and as players we feed off that. I don't think (the possibility of running around on the ice) is the case. We just play hockey.”
Besides, as Rielly pointed out, it's not as though the Leafs are looking around and thinking they're lucky to be in the playoffs.
“It feels like we've earned the right to be here. It feels like we have proven ourselves that we're worthy to be here, so I think it's good to take advantage of the opportunity and make the most of it instead of being in awe of what's going on around us.
“It really goes a long way when your coach looks you in the eye and says you have earned the right to be here, you have earned the right to compete and play with these guys and then we go out there and we've put forth an effort that we can be proud of. It does a lot for the belief and attitude in this room.”
The Leafs had an opportunity in the past 24 hours to meet with Polak. There has been no confirmation regarding surgery for Polak from the club, but Matthews mentioned it.
“You never want to see someone go down like that,” Matthews said. “Roman is a pretty important part of this team, not only on the ice but off, he has had a lot of experience, so you hope for the best as far as recovery and surgery goes.”
As the Leafs welcome Zaitsev back, there could be a blow to the Capitals' blue line. Karl Alzner did not take part in the morning skate and though the Caps said it was a maintenance issue, they also said his status will be a game-time decision. Alzner has played in 540 consecutive regular-season games.
Matthews, meanwhile, is one of several Leafs rookies in search of his first point in the series. William Nylander, Connor Brown and Zach Hyman also have not yet found the scoreboard.
“We mention (Matthews in game planning), but we are not going out of our way to shadow him or anything ridiculous like that,” Capitals defenceman Matt Niskanen said of Matthews.
“You don't even have to mention it. Everyone knows who the top players are and you have to just know where they are on the ice.
“He has a lot of tools. I haven't seen, really, a skill that he can't do yet.”
tkoshan@postmedia.com
twitter.com/koshtorontosun
Europe's top data expert has given a tentative green light to a proposed European copyright law – but warned that it needs to be very carefully written if it's not to distort markets or interfere with fundamental rights.
European Data Protection Supervisor (EDPS) Giovanni Buttarelli was asked to contribute his thoughts about the controversial Article 13 of the draft EU Directive on Copyright in the Digital Single Market; a piece of legislation that would require large internet platforms to introduce automated filters that block uploads of copyrighted content.
Buttarelli does not have a legal right to force changes in the mulled legislation but his position is taken seriously and any recommendations he makes to legislation are expected to be fully considered as it passes through the legislative process.
As such, his nine-page response [PDF] reflects pretty much what every other expert has said so far: the idea of getting web giants to proactively stop copyrighted material from appearing online is a good one in theory, but in practice is fraught with danger.
Large media companies, musicians, writers, artists, and other content creators, and intellectual property lawyers argue that it is essential for businesses to use the latest technology to stop pirated material from appearing online, rather than today's unworkable system of requiring them to report millions of infractions every day by hand or by bot.
And some outfits and luminaries are deeply concerned that it will end up undermining fundamental freedom of the internet, resulting in widespread censorship and creating a huge burden on relatively medium-sized businesses. Small firms are spared in the draft law.
Law storm
Buttarelli notes that he is all too aware of the debate over the matter, but focuses in on the wording and whether it is liable to break any existing laws and rights as it relates to privacy and data protection.
Broadly his response is that Article 13 doesn't break anything, but that it has the potential to cause a lot of harm if applied badly or worded poorly.
"The provisions contained in this proposal… do not aim to mandate general surveillance of activities on the internet," he notes, but adds there "is a risk that this proposal would exacerbate the situation if the measures taken prove not to be 'appropriate and proportionate'."
As such he recommends "strict scrutiny… and supervision of the measures taken by service providers and rightholders." In other words, a close eye on how aggressively companies like Disney enforce the new law, and how companies like Facebook or Google respond.
When it comes to fundamental rights to privacy, he is also not opposed to Article 13 but is a little wary. He recommends that lawmakers "continue to reflect carefully on likely practical consequences of the obligations created" and on "the potential for distorting competition in ways which will harm fundamental rights."
Noting that it is a "delicate area" his proposed solution is that the wording of the law must be tightened up to be "as precise and clear as possible." And again he recommends that the EU "vigilantly evaluate the implementation of the directive and ensure that data protection by design and other safeguards are effectively put into place."
He's also concerned that the law may distort markets because whatever legal language is finally agreed upon, it is inevitable that any company will try to stay outside the lines and so not be subject to its provisions.
Subset
Article 13 would, he notes, creates "a newly-defined subset of information society services" and as such "it is reasonable to expect that, where in doubt and to avoid litigation, information society services would be inclined to comply with these new obligations."
But if a company can avoid those obligations, it will, even if that means they "cease activities which might bring them within the scope of the provision."
Effectively, rather than agreeing with the argument that the burden will fall on small internet companies and so give the big boys – Amazon, Facebook, Google etc – a leg up, Buttarelli fears that smaller companies will simply stop offering any services that fall within the new law. Which would also be giving the large companies a clear advantage in the market by acting as a barrier to entry.
He notes, as many have throughout the debate, there the goal is to strike a "fair balance" between "the protection of copyright on the one hand and, on the other hand, the protection of the fundamental rights of other persons."
He says that Article 13's inclusion of the term "appropriate and proportionate measures" fits that balance but worries that about what those measures would actually be and how they would be judged as appropriate or proportionate.
Those opposed to Article 13 have jumped on the comments as evidence that the directive is poorly worded or that he has flagged it needs to be rewritten. But in actuality the view of the European Data Protection Supervisor is that the law is fine in theory, yet needs to be carefully monitored in practice.
"The EU will need to be vigilant to ensure that implementation of the provisions does not exacerbate the already excessive monitoring of people on the internet currently endemic to digital society," he concludes. ®
Sponsored: Minds Mastering Machines - Call for papers now open
Collier tow truck companies urge motorists to obey ‘move over' law
EAST NAPLES, Fla. Daniel Martin says his drivers risk their lives every day on the road.
“Nobody realizes it, no one cares about it,” Martin said. “I mean, they see us and just whiz by us.”
Martin, the owner of George and Sons Towing in Naples, said an RV recently hit one of his tow trucks and kept driving.
“It could've been the guy out there flattened on the ground,” he said. “We got lucky.”
Florida law states that if motorists encounter a tow truck on the side of the road, they need to move over or slow down to 20 mph below the posted speed limit.
However, motorists are either unaware or don't care, Martin said.
“There are cars breaking down left and right out there, we're always on the interstate,” he said. “It's always a problem, whether we have our lights on or not.”
The same law also applies to law enforcement and emergency vehicles, as well as any vehicle with flashing lights.
Beyoncé has come a long way since her debut at the Met Gala in 2008. The singer has increasingly taken more risks through the years, and it's paying off. She made headlines — as she's apt to do — for her 2015 and 2016 Givenchy gowns, which have become two of her most iconic looks to date.
We spoke to Ty Hunter, Beyoncé's longtime stylist, about her most popular Met Gala gowns — 2012, 2015 and 2016, all by Givenchy. See what he had to say about them below, and hit the gallery for the singer's full Met Gala evolution.
Beyoncé wasn't planning to go in 2012.
Hunter says Beyoncé was rehearsing for The Mrs. Carter Show World Tour when she brought up the Met Gala taking place later that day.
“She was, like, ‘The Met is today.' I was, like, ‘Yeah.' And she was, like, ‘I think I want to go,'” Hunter recalls. The Givenchy team promptly came to the rehearsal hall for a fitting of the gown, which was originally slated for another project.
“Literally within a day or a couple of hours all of that happened — and it ended up being one of her most talked-about looks,” he says. “I was, like, ‘Oh my God, you want to go to what? The Met?'”
The black and purple Givenchy gown she wore is his favorite Met Gala look of hers due, in part, to the frenzy it took to bring it together. “If they didn't have that dress, I would've gone crazy,” he says. “She had just had Blue [Ivy] and the world hadn't seen her. To come back with a wow after being pregnant for so long and just showing that you can still be sexy and hot as a parent, [that's] one of the reasons that dress got a lot of attention.”
Beyoncé wears Givenchy in 2012 to the Met Gala. Erik Pendzich / REX / Shutterstock / WWD Beyoncé wears Givenchy in 2012 to the Met Gala. Beyoncé wears Givenchy in 2012 to the Met Gala. (Erik Pendzich / REX / Shutterstock / WWD)
Her 2015 gown is “one of the heaviest gowns she's ever worn.”
It may have looked as though Beyoncé was floating across the carpet in her 2015 Swarovski-embellished Givenchy gown, but it was actually one of the heaviest she's ever worn.
“A lot of the rhinestones and gems, the rocky crystals, they were very heavy,” Hunter says. “It looked like the lightest ones because she looked naked under it, but it was one of the heaviest.” It has since become one of her most popular looks.
“You want everybody to say how great everything is, but we kind of have a system where as long as you feel happy and confident, it shows,” he says. “That's why when Beyoncé's on the carpets, she has so much confidence. She felt comfortable and loved the dress and showed it to the world.”
Beyoncé' wears Givenchy in 2015 to the Met Gala. REX / Shutterstock / WWD Beyoncé' wears Givenchy in 2015 to the Met Gala. Beyoncé' wears Givenchy in 2015 to the Met Gala. (REX / Shutterstock / WWD)
Her 2016 dress was “the easiest” overall.
Beyoncé's 2016 Givenchy gown looks like it may have been the most difficult because of the latex fabric, but Hunter calls it “the easiest dress.”
“I didn't really have to do too much,” he says. “Normally, we have to stay there and be there with her for the train and all that.”
The dress was one of two or three options total, which Hunter says is typical for events such as the Met Gala, but it was always the top choice. “[Tisci] put a spin on it and made it an elegant, form-fitting gown,” he says. “He's always been before his time and wild, and I love it.”
Beyoncé' wears Givenchy in 2016 for the gala inspired by the Met exhibit, "Manus x Machina: Fashion Buckner / WWD / REX / Shutterstock Beyoncé' wears Givenchy in 2016 for the gala inspired by the Met exhibit, "Manus x Machina: Fashion in an Age of Technology." Beyoncé' wears Givenchy in 2016 for the gala inspired by the Met exhibit, "Manus x Machina: Fashion in an Age of Technology." (Buckner / WWD / REX / Shutterstock)
Caption Preparing for spring gardening Getting your pots ready for spring planting. Getting your pots ready for spring planting. Caption Preparing for spring gardening Getting your pots ready for spring planting. Getting your pots ready for spring planting. Caption Here's Isla Holbox is a flat, sandy, increasingly popular island off Mexico's Yucatan Peninsula. Why is business booming? Because and a great place to see whale sharks. Isla Holbox is a flat, sandy, increasingly popular island off Mexico's Yucatan Peninsula. Why is business booming? Because and a great place to see whale sharks. Caption America's most Irish city (Video by Mark Boster / Los Angeles Times) (Video by Mark Boster / Los Angeles Times) Caption NoMad collaborates with Curtis Stone Chef Curtis Stone of Gwen and Maude will be making the Gwen chicken burger as part of a collaborative effort with the NoMad food truck during March. The collaboration with various chefs in L.A. will allow NoMad to showcase different burgers, be part of the community and to draw attention to the opening, later this year, of the NoMad hotel downtown. Chef Curtis Stone of Gwen and Maude will be making the Gwen chicken burger as part of a collaborative effort with the NoMad food truck during March. The collaboration with various chefs in L.A. will allow NoMad to showcase different burgers, be part of the community and to draw attention to the opening, later this year, of the NoMad hotel downtown. Caption Why the Margherita pot stickers at Orsa & Winston pop out The Margherita pot stickers at Orsa & Winston pack the flavors of a Margherita pizza in a smaller form. The Margherita pot stickers at Orsa & Winston pack the flavors of a Margherita pizza in a smaller form.
ALSO
Fans reckon with a Beyoncé-less Coachella
Lady Gaga has given us a million reasons why she will dazzle at Coachella
Grammys 2017: Katy Perry's white pantsuit protest, plus Beyonce's red quick change
Eastern to take on Fort Wayne in non-conference home game
Close Junior short stop Kiley Pelker fields a ground ball in the Panthers' 3-1 win over Tennessee-Martin in the first game of the doubleheader Friday at Williams Field. Sean Hastings Junior short stop Kiley Pelker fields a ground ball in the Panthers' 3-1 win over Tennessee-Martin in the first game of the doubleheader Friday at Williams Field.
Filed under Showcase, Softball, Sports
Close Modal Window Hang on for a minute...we're trying to find some more stories you might like.
Close
Close Modal Window Email This Story Sends email to this address
Enter Your Name
Add a comment here
Verification
Send Email Cancel
The Eastern softball team will finish off its three-game home stand as they host the ailing Indiana-Purdue-Fort Wayne Mastodons Tuesday at Williams Field.
The Mastodons are 2-8 in their last 10 games and are struggling overall this season with a 9-31 (2-7 conference) record.
Eastern head coach Kim Schuette is not focused on Fort Wayne's struggles however.
“We played IPFW earlier this year, but honestly, today in practice we focused on us, on our own team,” Schuette said. “We did several fundamentals and corrected a few miscues that have happened lately.”
Much of Fort Wayne's struggles this season can be attributed to their pitching staff which is sporting a Summit League high in both ERA (5.72) and walks (154).
Schuette is also making sure to tackle Fort Wayne struggling to pitch staff the way she would take on any other.
“Every day is a new opportunity. I cannot make any promises except our shoes will be clean, our shirts tucked in and we will hustle, I know the blue team (Eastern) will work hard,” she said. “I have not really looked at their numbers lately because today was all about us; the blue team.”
The matchup for Eastern is their first non-conference game since they beat Butler 2-0 and will be their first non-conference home game of the season. The game presents Schuette the opportunity to try some new players in the lineup.
“We will work hard in warmups and have an opportunity to compete,” Schuette said. “Competition is everywhere in life and tomorrow it will be on the field. I hope to see a few more players and combinations as well.”
On offensive, the Mastodons boast the Summit Leagues top hitter in battering average, Lauren Watson is hitting .354 with 11 stolen bases this season.
Along with Watson, Brooke Imel is hitting .345 with a team-high .422 on base percentage.
The team as a whole ranks just sixth in the conference with a .254 team batting average.
Things will not get any easier for the Mastodon lineup as they will face an Eastern pitching staff that has been very hot over the last month.
Staff ace Jessica Wireman is coming off another good game where she went seven innings and struck out seven batters in the process, bring her season total to a team-high 127.
Her counterpart Michelle Rogers also had a good outing her last game, she too, went seven innings and gave up just one run.
JJ Bullock can be reached at 581-2812 or jpbullock@eiu.edu
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, in an exclusive interview on Saturday with Network18, said that he does not see the possibility of Lok Sabha and Assembly elections in Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh being held together.
However, Jaitley also stated that the government is in favour of holding simultaneous elections. Recently, Prime Minister Narendra Modi in an interview spoke out in favour of simultaneous elections. He also asked NDA leaders to work towards creating an environment in favour of the move. President Ram Nath Kovind also, in his address to both Houses of Parliament at the beginning of the Budget Session, stressed the need for a 'sustained debate' on simultaneous elections and said that frequent elections impose a huge burden on human resources, and impede the development process.
To a question on whether elections to some Assemblies may be held along with the upcoming Lok Sabha election, Jaitley said, "I do not see the possibility." He subsequently added, "The government wants simultaneous elections, but it is not necessary that dates will be advanced for that."
He further stated that the Constitution would not permit pushing back of state elections for this purpose. "Till the time the Constitution is changed, and there is consensus on the issue, the Assembly and Lok Sabha elections will not overlap. And going by the reactions the issue has evoked, it seems people (Opposition) are not in favour of any such move."
During the interview, Jaitley also touched upon the issue of rising oil prices, and said, "We have to see to what extent the crude oil prices rise. Today crude oil prices have touched USD 70 per barrel. It is in the outer periphery of our comfort threshold.” His statement comes in a context where the Chief Economic Adviser has stated that a $10 increase in oil prices may slow down growth by 0.2-0.4 percent and increase inflation by 0.3-0.4 percent.
“I want it to remain below this level. If it goes above this level, since we are a net buyer, it will have an impact on inflation," the finance minister said.
Watch the full interview on CNN-News18 on 3 February, 2018 at 9 pm.
Diminutive Don Juan Justin Bieber appears to be marching to war against fellow Canadian and current love rival, The Weeknd.
Triggering the feud is the sizzling new romance between The Weeknd and the pride of Stratford's ex gal pal, Selena Gomez.
The Biebs botched diplomacy during an Instagram livestream event with his fans.
When asked to name his favourite song, he snickered: “Ummm … Starboy by The Weeknd”.
And then he giggled for about 12 seconds, TMZ reports.
One of his pals remarked: “Oh s--t, that was funny.”
Bieber added: “Y'all that was too funny.”
The Sorry singer appears to have developed an obsession with The Weeknd - real name Abel Tesfaye - after paparazzi shots emerged in January of the singer smooching with Gomez.
The pint-sized pop star told a TMZ cameraman he would not be digging into the Weeknd's deep cuts.
“Hell no I can't listen to a Weeknd song,” Bieber said. “That s--t's whack (bad).”
Bieber and Gomez dated from 2010 to 2014 until his antics became too much for her.
Chinese tycoon Wang Jian, whose sprawling conglomerate HNA Group owns a host of foreign assets, has died after a falling off a wall while on holiday in southern France, police and his company said on Wednesday.Wang suffered the fatal accident yesterday in the picturesque hillside village of Bonnieux after climbing onto a parapet, either to see the view of the valley below or to have his photograph taken, local security sources told AFP."He jumped up on to the wall and was carried over it by his own momentum," a source close to the case told AFP on condition of anonymity.The 57-year-old businessman fell into a 10-metre (32-foot) void, sustaining serious injuries that emergency services were unable to treat at the site."Together, we mourn the loss of an exceptionally gifted leader and role model, whose vision and values will continue to be a beacon for all who had the good fortune to know him," his firm said in a statement issued in China.HNA Group started as a small provincial airline servicing China's Hainan Province but has expanded quickly in recent years under the leadership of Wang and co-founder Chen Feng.The firm's $230 billion in assets includes a diverse global empire of businesses operating in aviation, tourism, and finance, and includes Hilton hotels and other marquee companies in the US, Europe and Australia.But HNA came under pressure last year as Beijing cracked down on the risky debt-fuelled financing that enabled its expansion. The conglomerate has now started selling off parts of its empire to pay down debt.Wang began his career in civil aviation planning in 1983. Bonnieux is a mediaeval village in the Provence area of the south of France, a favoured destination for the rich and famous over the peak summer holiday period.
BUFFALO, N.Y. (WIVB) – Buffalo Police say a 27-year-old Buffalo man was shot in the leg while sitting in a parked car.
That happened around 5:30 p.m. Saturday February, 3rd.
The victim drove himself to E.C.M.C. where he is being treated for non-life threatening injuries.
Detectives are trying to determine if the shooting happened near the Towne Gardens area.
They have not named a suspect in the shooting, and are still investigating.
The victim is expected to be okay.
We will bring you more information as we learn it.
Charges are being pressed against the owner responsible for the alleged neglect of 46 dogs near Williams Lake. Photo submitted
A Williams Lake man who had 46 dogs seized from his property in February, has been formally charged with two counts of animal cruelty.
The BC SPCA seized the dogs from Terry Baker on Feb. 22, due to concerns of neglect, undersocialization and distress. The animals ranged from puppies, to adult and older dogs.
“The dogs were seized because of lack of shelter, poor sanitation and inadequate veterinary care, but the biggest issue once they were in our care was that they were terrified of human contact,” said Marcie Moriarty, chief prevention and enforcement officer for the BC SPCA.
Read more: BC SPCA seizes 46 dogs near Williams Lake
The animals included American Eskimo, border collie, husky and Samoyed breeds, some of whom were pregnant when they were seized.
“One of the complications was that several of the dogs were pregnant and gave birth shortly after coming into SPCA care, but were too frightened to let staff near them or their puppies. Thankfully we have some extremely knowledgeable and dedicated staff members who were able to provide the care and treatment they needed despite the challenges,” said Moriarty.
Read more: BC SPCA under pressure to care for seized dogs
The SPCA said veterinary and behavioural staff worked with the dogs hourly to help them adjust to everyday sights and sounds.
“This was a very intensive undertaking involving hundreds of staff and volunteer hours,” said Moriarty.
“The fact that the majority of the dogs have responded to the behaviour modification to the point that we were able to adopt them into new homes is quite incredible, given the condition they were in when they were seized.”
While the SPCA had been fearful they would have to euthanize some of the animals, today, only eight remain in SPCA care.
In April, Baker appealed the seizure, asking to have 10 of his animals returned.
Read more: B.C. man loses appeal to get 10 dogs back after more than 46 animals seized
In his appeal testimony, Baker said while the situation was not “perfectly ideal,” the dogs were well-fed, happy and none were harmed or abused.
He said things had “got away” from him following the death of his mother, and the seizure was simply a case of bad timing, after he had been sick with the flu.
The appeal was ultimately denied by the B.C. Farm Industry Review Board.
Baker has previously been convicted of animal cruelty in a case in Saskatchewan involving more than 70 dogs.
His sentence included conditions that he was not to own or possess more than 10 dogs, six horses, or 10 chickens, with an exception of an additional 20 dogs, horses, or chickens under the age of six months.
If convicted in court, Baker could face a fine of up to $10,000, five years in jail and a lifetime ban on owning animals.
Read more: Truckload of homemade dog beds headed to BC SPCA shelters
@Tspricker
tara.sprickerhoff@wltribune.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
MANCHESTER, N.H. (Reuters) -
Monday, March 19, 2018 at 3:56 pm |
President Donald Trump Delivers remarks on “combatting the opioid crisis” in a speech at Manchester Community College in Manchester, New Hampshire, Monday. (Reuters/Jonathan Ernst)
President Donald Trump, targeting the U.S. opioid epidemic, called again on Monday for the execution of drug dealers, a proposal that so far has gained little support in Congress, amid criticism from some drug abuse and criminal justice experts.
At an event in Manchester, New Hampshire, Trump unveiled an anti-opioid abuse plan, including his death penalty recommendation, new funding for other initiatives and stiffer sentencing laws for drug dealers.
He said the United States must “get tough” on fighting opioid abuse. “And that toughness includes the death penalty,” he said.
He added that he was working with Congress to funnel $6 billion in new funding in 2018 and 2019 to help fight the opioid crisis.
Addiction to opioids — mainly prescription painkillers, and illegal substances— is a growing U.S. problem, especially in rural areas. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, 42,000 people died from opioid overdoses in 2016.
For Trump, the visit to New Hampshire returns him to a state that gave him a key Republican primary election win when he was a political newcomer in 2016. Back then, he promised to tackle the opioid crisis, which is severe in the New England state.
In October, he declared the crisis a public health emergency, but without providing more money. Some critics, including Democratic lawmakers, said then that the declaration was meaningless without additional funds.
The new plan will seek to cut opioid prescriptions by a third over the next three years by changing federal healthcare programs, White House officials said.
Trump also said the plan would crack down on international and domestic illicit drug supply chains. Part of that would include requiring electronic data for 90 percent of international mail shipments with goods, he said.
He said the United States would “engage with China and expand cooperation with Mexico to reduce supplies of [illegal substances] and precursor chemicals.”
The Justice Department will target negligent physicians and pharmacies, he said, adding that he was considering litigation against drug companies implicated in the opioid crisis.
The White House did not offer examples of when it would be appropriate to seek the death penalty for drug dealers and referred further questions to the Justice Department.
The Justice Department said it would release a statement later on Monday.
Dr. Harold Pollack, an urban public health professor at the University of Chicago, said, “I don't think the death penalty for drug dealers will accomplish very much.”
He said there was little evidence that tougher sentencing reduced the availability of street drugs.
Pollack urged Trump to work with Republican state governors to expand the Medicaid federal health program so that drug addicts could get more access to healthcare and counseling.
David Safavian, deputy director for the American Conservative Union Foundation's Center for Criminal Justice Reform, said Trump's plan had some good parts, including focusing on addiction as a way to lower crime rates.
“Like any plan, there are some areas where the details matter,” he said. “For example, identifying those reporting to prison with addiction issues is an important first step.”
It was also important to ensure the Bureau of Prisons had sufficient resources to treat addicted inmates so they could avoid a cycle of abuse and incarceration, he said.
Kevin Ring, president of Families against Mandatory Minimums, which campaigns against sentencing they see as overly harsh, said Trump's plan calling for stiffer sentences or seeking the death penalty against drug dealers, was merely “doubling down on a failed strategy.”
SIMCOE -
Donald Trump, Queen Elizabeth and Abraham Lincoln were among the characters featured in humorous skits during the Simcoe Lions 67th annual spring variety show last weekend at Simcoe Composite School.
The Lions filled the gymnasium Friday and Saturday for two performances on the 1970s theme of Get Into The Groove.
Lion Dave Pond told the crowd that the goal was to raise $25,000 -- something Pond said would be a good downpayment on “a community hub.”
Spotlight singers for the evening included local talent Devyn Descheemaeker, Brook Shafto, Felicia McMinn and James Grant.
The Indian team, captained by Prithvi Shaw and coached by batting legend Rahul Dravid, steamrolled its way to their fourth title in the ICC U-19 World Cup, thrashing Australia by eight wickets in the summit clash on Saturday.
The 11th edition of the tournament was dominated by the Indians like never before. Seldom has a unit maintained control throughout the course of the tournament in any form of cricket as the Indian juniors did in New Zealand.
The eight-wicket victory in the final of the tournament not only brings Shaw and company into the limelight back home, with the prospect of breaking into the senior team now brighter than ever, but it also completes a fairytale for coach Dravid, who missed out on the glory in the 2016 edition with a loss to West Indies in the final. Having carved a niche for himself as a batsman with a glittering career, he has now set off along the path to creating a similar legacy as a coach.
Getting our focus back to the victorious Indian team, a mention must be made of the dominant run throughout the course of the tournament. Let us take a look at their path to a record fourth title:
India vs Australia, Group B, 14 January:
India started their campaign off with a resounding win over the side that they would go on to meet in the final. Australia, one of the favourites in the build-up to the tournament, were simply no match to Shaw and his team as the Indian captain top-scored for his side with a lively 94, guiding the side to a solid 328/7 with help from Manjot Kalra (86).
Then pacers Kamlesh Nagarkoti and Shivam Mavi took over, unleashing their fury on the opposition batsmen to restrict them to a score 100 short of India's. What was especially worth noting in this match was the Indian pacers, especially Nagarkoti, touching speeds near the 150 kmph mark.
India vs Papua New Guinea, Group B, 16 January:
The Papua New Guinea juniors were next to come in the firing line, and they barely put up enough resistance for the match to last more than a couple of hours. The match saw one of the most spectacular collapses witnessed in cricket, as left-arm spinner Anukul Roy tore through the middle and lower-order of the opponents to get them bowled out for a lowly 67 from 61/4. The Indian opening stand was a one-man show thereafter, as Shaw smashed a 39-ball 57 to get his side past the target in just eight overs.
India vs Zimbabwe, Group B, 19 January:
The last Group B fixture for India saw Roy dishing out another special performance and causing yet another collapse, though this one wasn't as disastrous as that of Papua New Guinea. The Zimbabwean top-order gave the side a decent start, with the score reading 110/3 at one stage, before Roy found his rhythm for the second match running, helping the Indians capture the next seven wickets for just 44 runs.
The opening stand between Harvik Desai (56) and Shubman Gill (90) turned out to be the match-winning one, as the two put up an unbroken opening stand that helped the Indians chase the target down with 10 wickets and nearly 30 overs to spare. It somewhat reminded us of Sachin Tendulkar and Sourav Ganguly's unbroken opening stand (197) against the Zimbabweans at Sharjah in 1998.
India vs Bangladesh, quarter-final, 26 January:
Electing to bat in their first knock-out match of the tournament, India were off to a shaky start after losing the wicket of Kalra early, but a vital partnership between Desai and Gill steadied the 2016 runners-up. Qazi Onik (3/48) did well to prevent the Indians from breaching the 300-run mark, with the Indians getting bowled out for a competitive-looking 265.
The Bangladeshis however, were never quite in the chase throughout, and their hopes started to fade away very quickly after the dismissal of opener Pinak Ghosh (43). Pacer Nagarkoti was the pick of the Indian bowlers with excellent figures of 3/18, with some disciplined effort from all-rounder Abhishek Sharma (2/11), who earlier struck a vital 50, aiding him.
India vs Pakistan, semi-final, 30 January:
A World Cup semi-final perhaps could not get any bigger than this with the South Asian arch-rivals facing off at Christchurch for gaining entry into the final. On paper as well as recent form, India were always the superior team. In the end, they exhibited the superiority in their performance as well.
Gill rose to the occasion as he struck a memorable century, remaining unbeaten on 102 off 94 balls, anchoring the Indian innings and helping the side finish on a challenging 272/9. It was Gill who held the Indian innings together even as Muhammad Musa and Arshad Iqbal kept getting regular wickets.
The Pakistan batsmen, however, never stood a chance in their reply. Ishan Porel ran through the Pakistani top-order, collecting four early wickets in a devastating six-over spell in which he gave away just 17 runs, and exposing the middle-order to the Indian spinners. Porel's spell had set up the victory for India, and it was only a mere formality thereafter. Few would've imagined the Pakistan innings finishing that quickly, as they were bowled out for 69 to lose by massive 203 runs.
India vs Australia, final 3 February:
In a repeat of the group stage clash, the Indians outperformed the Australians in all departments in the biggest game of them all. Shaw and crew barely showed any nerves throughout the course of the final, exhibiting maturity beyond their years, which might have rubbed off on them from coach Dravid.
After electing to bat first, the Australians couldn't quite get themselves going due to the absence of a major partnership. Jonathan Merlo fought hard, but kept losing out on partners on a regular basis, as the Aussies failed to bat 50 overs out and were bowled out for 216.
Kalra anchored the chase brilliantly thereafter, doing an Unmukt Chand by slamming a match-winning century in the final. The Delhi lad maintained a calm demeanour at the crease, while keeping the asking rate under control at all times, to guide the Indians past the target with eight wickets and nearly a dozen overs to spare. India thus, became the first team to four titles in the history of the U-19 World Cup.
Two militants were reportedly arrested from Baramulla on Saturday in a joint operation by the Jammu and Kashmir Police, Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) and the army. News reports quoted the police as saying that they had gone to Pakistan on valid visas to obtain arms training there, according to a media report.
2 Pakistan trained terrorists arrested in Baramulla by Police, Army and CRPF. They had gone to Pakistan on valid Pakistani visa to obtain arms training there for undertaking terrorist activities in the valley: Baramulla Police — ANI (@ANI) February 3, 2018
The arrested terrorists were given Pakistani visas by Pakistan High Commission in New Delhi. It's pertinent to mention that for past couple of years police has unearthed several such modules who lure young boys to Pakistan to get trained and join militancy: Baramulla Police — ANI (@ANI) February 3, 2018
In the past couple of years, the police has successfully unearthed several modules which lure young boys to cross over to Pakistan for training, India TV quoted the Baramulla police as saying.
In January, in a joint operation by Jammu and Kashmir Police and the Indian Army, two militants and nine overground workers (OGWs) were arrested from Sopore.
The operation was conducted by army's marine commandos and Rashtriya Rifles, the Central Reserve Police Force and the state police. The militants were identified as Mushtaq Ahmad Chopan and Shuja-u-din Sheikh. An AK-47 rifle, a pistol and two grenades were recovered from the militants.
With inputs from IANS
Comcast is finally letting Xfinity TV customers access the movie-ticketing network of Comcast-owned Fandango, starting with Universal's “Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom.”
However, to complete ticket purchases, Comcast customers will still need to use either Fandango's mobile app or website. Comcast acquired Fandango in 2007.
Under the partnership, Comcast cable TV subscribers who have X1 set-tops will be able to find movie showtimes and theaters through Fandango directly from their televisions. Beginning Wednesday, the cable operator's customers who watch the trailer for “Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom” will get a prompt to use their X1 voice-enabled remote to say “get tickets” to search the Fandango network.
Comcast said Fandango, part of NBCUniversal's Universal Filmed Entertainment Group, will extend the feature to additional new releases throughout the year.
Universal Pictures-Amblin Entertainment's “Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom,” starring Chris Pratt and Bryce Dallas Howard, hits theaters June 22.
Fandango ticketing is also available on Amazon's Alexa voice-powered devices, and earlier this month Fandango launched a ticketing action on Google Assistant to kick off a voice-powered search on compatible devices including Google Home smart speakers, Android phones, and headphones.
Comcast, as part of promoting the forthcoming release of “Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom,” has launched a curated section of the Xfinity On Demand menu related to the Jurassic Park franchise to let customers rent or purchase any of the previous films, pre-order “Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom,” and access clips, trailers and other special content.
Staff Reporter
Peshawar
Chief Minister Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Pervez Khattak directed for the monitoring of civil work, social services and revenue generation at the lowest tier of governance. His government wanted transparency in the execution of schemes for the benefit of end beneficiaries of developmental strategy.
He was presiding over the stock take meeting of the Local Government Department at Chief Minister Secretariat Peshawar. Senior Minister Local Government Inayatullah, Head of Strategic Support Unit Sahibzada Saeed, Secretary Local Government and others attended the meeting. The meeting was briefed about the actual release and spending at district and Tehsil level for developmental strategy.
Pervez Khattak directed for enhance capacity of different officials engaged in the provision of services, construction of civil work and revenue collection adding that his government wanted a competitive environment for all the bodies at lower tiers of governance and assured to recognize and award for efficient services and improved performance.
Chief Minister said his government made recruitment on merit in all sectors, it introduced online tendering and award of contract in order to ensure total transparency in the whole process of development. He wished quality and progress tagged with the timelines and contribution of efforts for improved performance and transparency. The existing quality of work and the people complaints should be revisited and action should be initiated against the corrupt practices anywhere and in any department of the province. He would never allow kick backs and commissions at any layer of governance. The wastage of resources should be seen as a crime. The capacity of officials at lower tier of local government should be enhanced and necessary training should be arranged for the officials.
Pervez Khattak underlined the need for quick execution of schemes, filling the gap between releases and utilization for the developmental schemes and readjustment of powers of officials of the local government department adding that efficiency in the utilization of resources was a key to the public welfare. He directed the department to make its own decisions. The finance department should confine to its original role without meddling in to the affair of other departments as unnecessary dragging and interference of the finance department create hurdles in the developmental strategy and at the end of the day, the people suffer, he added.
An attack by gunmen on a Turkish restaurant that began late on Sunday left at least 17 people dead and eight wounded in the capital of Burkina Faso, a West African country that has seen a surge in violence by armed groups over the past few years.
The figure was released early on Monday by Burkina Faso's communications minister Remi Dandjinou.
There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the violence, which continued into early Monday.
Dandjinou told state TV security forces had killed three attackers and that there were still people trapped in the building, according to the Reuters news agency.
Security forces were at the scene with armoured vehicles, as reports of shots fired near an upscale restaurant in Ouagadougou.
Police spokesman Guy Ye told AP that the target of the attack was a Turkish restaurant known as Aziz Istanbul.
Witnesses told AFP news agency that three armed men arrived in a 4×4 at around 9:30 pm (21:00 GMT) and opened fire on customers seated outside the restaurant.
At least one of those killed was a Turkish national, according a paramedic who spoke to the AFP news agency.
Burkina Faso, a landlocked nation in West Africa, is one of the poorest countries in the world. It shares a northern border with Mali, which has long battled armed groups.
A January 2016 attack at a cafe left 30 people dead.
The three attackers in the 2016 massacre were of foreign origin, according to al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb, which claimed responsibility in the aftermath along with the armed group known as Al Mourabitoun.
But the terror threat in Burkina Faso is increasingly homegrown, experts say.
The northern border region is now the home of a local preacher, Ibrahim Malam Dicko, who radicalised and has claimed recent deadly attacks against troops and civilians. His association, Ansarul Islam, is now considered a “terrorist group” by Burkina Faso's government.
Will more troops protect the Sahel region of Africa?
[Source: Al-Jazeera/News agencies]
Comments
comments
Officials with the Coast Guard say a person is now being questioned by authorities in relation to potential threat at the Wando Terminal Wednesday night.
Coast Guard officials say the FBI was called in to investigate a report of a "dirty bomb" aboard a vessel.
A dirty bomb is composed of conventional explosives and radioactive material.
Officials say that is no existing threat at the port. The terminal will be reopened and a safety zone has been lifted.
The Coast Guard released information on Twitter Thursday morning stating that four containers where the threat was posed have been scanned and cleared by authorities. 14 agents with radiation detection technology investigated these containers. According to emergency officials, no radiation has been found at this time.
A report by the Coast Guard states that at 8 p.m. authorities were made aware of a potential threat in a container aboard the vessel Maersk Memphis.
"The Maersk Memphis is currently moored at Charleston's Wando terminal which has been evacuated while bomb detection units from federal, state and local law enforcement agencies investigate the threat," Coast Guard officials said.
The Coast Guard says a unified command was established to oversee the coordinated response. Agencies that responded include the Coast Guard, FBI, South Carolina Department of Natural Resources, Mount Pleasant Police, Mount Pleasant Fire, Charleston County Sheriff's Office, Charleston Port Authority, National Guard, SLED as well as Hazmat and EMS crews.
The Coast Guard says the terminal was evacuated, and authorities were seen taping off a ship.
Workers say they have since been sent home, and were told to leave the terminal around 9 p.m.
Boaters say they were also escorted off the water due to the situation.
Copyright 2017 WCSC. All rights reserved.
Mark F. Piepenbrink, 62, died at 1:45 p.m. Wednesday, Jan. 31, 2018, at his home in Alton.
Visitation will be 4 p.m. until service at 5 p.m. Monday, Feb. 5, at Gent Funeral Home in Alton. A celebration of life will begin at 6 p.m. Friday, Feb. 9, at the Alton Owls Club, 227 Blair St.
NEW ORLEANS (AP) — When Tropical Storm Nate formed and forecasts put New Orleans in its projected path for this weekend, one big question loomed for residents and business owners: Will the pumps work?
“That's now a thought in everybody who lives in New Orleans,” said Devin Shearman, a manager at Katie's restaurant and lounge, which flooded during an unexpected rainstorm Aug. 5. It was one of two flash floods this past summer that led to revelations about personnel and equipment problems at the New Orleans Sewerage and Water Board, the agency that runs the pumping system that drains the city.
Some pumps weren't working. Some turbines that provide power to the pumps were down. There weren't enough people on hand to man the system.
“Since early August, we have made substantial progress,” New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu said of work to upgrade the city drainage system. But he warned at a Thursday news conference that extremely heavy rain and storm surge from Nate still could pose flood dangers.
Nate formed in the western Caribbean Sea and moved into Central America on Thursday. Forecasters said it would likely emerge in the Gulf of Mexico and strengthen, possibly reaching hurricane strength before a Sunday morning landfall somewhere along the Louisiana, Mississippi or Alabama coast. Officials in the resort town of Grand Isle on a vulnerable barrier island south of New Orleans called a voluntary evacuation Thursday. To the east, in coastal St. Bernard Parish, authorities ordered an evacuation of areas not protected by levees.
In the center of Nate's possible destinations was New Orleans, where the summer floods shook public confidence in the Sewerage and Water Board.
It's a state-created agency governed by a board that includes the mayor and appointees of the mayor and the City Council.
After the Aug. 5 revelations, the agency's executive director, Cedric Grant, resigned. Landrieu announced the appointment of a new six-member emergency team to run the agency, make immediate upgrades and recommend long-term changes.
The team is headed by veteran emergency expert Paul Rainwater.
“It's an antiquated system,” Rainwater said Thursday, as he discussed his work and the decisions ahead on what will be needed in terms of equipment and personnel.
As of Thursday, city officials said, 108 of 120 pumps and 26 power generators were in place to back up working turbines. Also, the city said efforts to clean thousands of street catch basins had been stepped up, with vacuum trucks dispatched to various areas to suck out thick mud and debris.
Long-term, a major question facing the city is whether to stick with nearly century-old pumps, which cost a lot of money and manpower to maintain but last longer than newer pumps that are reported to have shorter lifespans.
Many are also questioning where the S&WB leadership needs to rest. One option is reducing its autonomy — making it a department directly under the mayor with scrutiny from the council. It's a suggestion New Orleans Inspector General Ed Quatrevaux has made to the mayor and City Council in letters for years.
Meanwhile, city officials must deal with the public's shaken faith in the drainage system.
The Sewerage and Water Board's emergency management team also included a new public relations director — a result of early, erroneous initial statements that the pumps were all working during the Aug. 5 floods.
“There was a lot of misinformation, or lies, frankly, about where we stood,” City Council President Jason Williams said in a recent interview. “Moving forward, we've got to make sure that the Sewerage & Water Board is transparent to the public and to all branches of government, because clearly that wasn't happening, and that there's veracity, just being really honest.”
Williams said in a recent interview that council members recently learned to pump capacity wasn't tested ahead of the hurricane season that began June 1.
“It's not a time to figure out things when you're underwater and when you're in a kayak,” he said.
“I'm glad they're addressing it, finally, but I don't know if you can get my approval for addressing it now, after something's happened,” said Shearman, who says patrons were stranded in the restaurant for hours in August when water in the streets was thigh-high. “Trust can be brought back. It's not going to come overnight though. It's going to take a lot of time.”
Darci Christoferson, Apple Blossom Festival Administrator, joins Chris Hansen in the KOHO studio to talk about a new location this year for the Funtastic Shows Carnival, as well as many other events during the annual festival. Buy your carnival tickets and get an event schedule at appleblossom.org.
Hollywood celebrities generally seem like they're living the types of lives most of us can only dream about — and for the most part, that's probably true. But there are also plenty of downsides for women in the industry, one of which has to be the fact that every star of child-bearing age seems to be on a perpetual "bump watch." Body-shaming is, of course, not even sort of a celebrity phenomenon, but in an Instagram post in April, actress Anne Hathaway wrote about her weight gain to preempt pregnancy rumors and rude comments from online strangers, and in a twisted way, it makes a lot of sense. When asked about the post in a Glamour cover story interview, Hathaway opened up about her decision, and her words are a reminder that big-name stars aren't at all immune to the criticism that is often thrown their way on social media.
Unless you were living under a rock five years ago, you're probably well aware that Hathaway endured a lot of backlash stemming from her 2013 appearance at the Oscars, when she won Best Supporting Actress for her work in Les Misérables. It definitely wouldn't be the first time that a female celeb has gone from generally beloved to generally loathed (Taylor Swift went through a similar experience more recently), and in some ways, it seems like all women who do really well for long enough will eventually become a target for haters and trolls. But Hathaway explained to Glamour that that criticism was one reason for her Instagram weight gain admission, and honestly, it's so uncalled for.
In her April 5 post, Hathaway shared a video of herself working out at the gym, according to Us Weekly, and even though she honestly doesn't really seem to look any different from usual, it's clear that her apparent weight gain was on her mind. In the caption, she wrote,
I am gaining weight for a movie role and it is going well. To all the people who are going to fat shame me in the upcoming months, it's not me, it's you.
The very fact that Hathaway felt the need to share that comment in the first place is definitely already problematic. For one, she still looks thin, and it's disturbing to think that anyone would look at that video and not only think that she wasn't, but that they also had the right to tell her about it. More than that though, it's also infuriating that Hathaway had to explain the way her body looked, and that somehow, the fact that she was gaining weight for a movie role was somehow supposed to make it more acceptable (heaven forbid she gains weight for any other reason!).
In her Glamour interview though, Hathaway — who has a 2-year-old son, Jonathan, with husband Adam Shulman — revealed that it wasn't just general fat shaming she was worried about, but the seemingly-inevitable slew of questions that would follow about the state of her uterus. Hathaway hasn't said whether or not she and Shulman intend to expand their family, but she did tell the magazine that she "didn't feel like dealing with the pregnancy rumors," that would come as a result of her weight gain. And while it's pretty clear that no woman should ever feel like they have to defend their own body, or their right to not have random internet strangers speculating about whether they are pregnant, Hathaway admitted that her "history of being shamed and humiliated, for a lot of different reasons" was definitely something that weighed heavily on her mind.
It wasn't the first time Hathaway felt the need to try to get out in front of a potential body shaming story: in 2016, the actress shared a photo of herself on Instagram posing in a bikini on the beach while pregnant with her son. It wasn't exactly the type of photo most people expected her to share, but in the caption, she explained that there was one specific (and very frustrating) reason behind the choice. Hathaway wrote,
So, posting a bikini pic is a little out of character for me, but just now while I was at the beach I noticed I was being photographed. I figure if this kind of photo is going to be out in the world it should at least be an image that makes me happy (and be one that was taken with my consent. And with a filter).
As any woman who's ever been pregnant can attest, the physical changes that go along with gestating a human aren't always the easiest to adjust to — even if you don't have paparazzi clamoring to get a shot of you on the beach. But when being pregnant while in the public eye means that your best option is to share a photo of yourself even when you wouldn't have wanted to otherwise? Well it's not even sort of surprising that Hathaway felt the need to stop a weight gain-related bump watch before it even had a chance to start.
Even though most women hopefully don't feel like they have to publicly explain their reasons behind gaining a few pounds (it is literally no one else's business, and also there is nothing even sort of wrong with being a human being who has gained weight), Hathaway's post is still one that a lot of people will likely find relatable. Famous or not, body-shaming is a reality that women (and many men) have to live with in their daily lives, whether it involves being criticized on social media, or just feeling bad about themselves when they're trying on jeans. And although Hathaway has nothing at all to apologize for, the fact that she felt the need to do it shows just how unhealthy our beauty standards really are.
By Yashaswini Swamynathan
Wall Street was slightly lower on Wednesday as a drop in oil prices weighed on energy stocks, while weak economic data took a toll on bank shares ahead of a widely expected interest rate hike by the Federal Reserve. Oil prices fell to their lowest in more than five weeks after data showed a surprise buildup in U.S. gasoline inventories and a report from the International Energy Agency (IEA) projected an increase in non-OPEC production. [O/R]The S&P 500 energy sector .SPNY sank 2.4 percent, led by declines in Exxon (XOM.N) and Chevron (CVX.N). Financials .SPSY fell 1.3 percent after weaker-than-expected retail sales and consumer prices data raised questions about the Fed's ability to further tighten monetary policy. While traders continued to see a more than 93 percent chance for the Fed to raise rates at the end of the two-day meeting on Wednesday, they dialled back the odds of a third hike this year."With the weak data, you start to wonder why the Fed is so bent on raising rate. It seems they should be doing the opposite," said Robert Pavlik, chief market strategist at Boston Private Wealth.
The Fed meeting could also provide details on the central bank's plans to trim its $4.5 trillion balance sheet. "In my view there's no question that we'll get a rate hike at 2 p.m." said Frances Donald, senior economist at Manulife Asset Management in Toronto. "What matters most in today's statement is how the Fed signals the next rate hike and perhaps, even more critically, the reduction in the balance sheet."
At 12:25 p.m. ET (1625 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average .DJI was up 6.72 points, or 0.03 percent, at 21,335.19. The index had hit an all-time high of 21,354.56 earlier in the session. The S&P 500 .SPX was down 2.85 points, or 0.11 percent, at 2,437.5 and the Nasdaq Composite .IXIC was down 3.37 points, or 0.05 percent, at 6,217.00.Gains in defensive sectors like consumer staples .SPLRCS and utilities .SPLRCU helped contain losses on the indexes.
Johnson & Johnson (JNJ.N) rose 0.8 percent to $133.14 after the company's flu drug succeeded in a mid-stage trial.Alexion (ALXN.O) was up 8.4 percent at $117.23 after the biotechnology company named Biogen's (BIIB.O) Chief Financial Officer Paul Clancy as its CFO. Biogen's stock was down 3.4 percent.H&R Block (HRB.N) was the biggest percentage gainer on the S&P 500, rising 9.3 percent to $29.50 after the tax preparation service provider's fourth-quarter revenue and profit beat analysts' expectations.Declining issues outnumbered advancers on the NYSE by 1,563 to 1,330. On the Nasdaq, 1,604 issues fell and 1,169 advanced. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru, additional reporting by Sinead Carew in New York; Editing by Anil D'Silva)
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed.
NEW YORK, Feb 2 (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury yields rose further on Friday with 10-year hitting a four-year high as data that showed stronger-than-expected hiring and the biggest annual wage increase since 2009 in January fanned fears of domestic inflation accelerating and intensified the current bond market rout.
Benchmark 10-year Treasury yield reached a four-year peak at 2.843 percent before edging to 2.822 percent, while the two-year yield hit 2.186 percent, its highest level since September 2008 before moving down to 2.170 percent. (Reporting by Richard Leong)
From the moment Ralph McKenzie arrived at the Emergency Department at the Brantford General, he felt he was receiving thorough and professional medical attention for an illness that had left him weak and tired for days.
“I had no energy whatsoever,” said Ralph, explaining he thought he was beginning to feel better on the third day of his illness, but then he started to vomit.
“I thought, ‘something's really not right here,'” he said.
Ralph called a taxi to take him to the Emergency Department where he was immediately triaged and within 20 minutes, was connected to a vital signs monitor and administered intravenous fluids. Blood work and a chest X-ray were also ordered.
After receiving the results of the tests, Dr. Jackie Goscimski admitted Ralph as an inpatient. Though the results were not conclusive, it was suspected that Ralph may have contracted a virus, but further testing was required to determine exactly what was causing Ralph's symptoms.
Dr. Goscimski decided to call in Dr. Verne Glavin, an Infectious Diseases Specialist, to consult on Ralph's case.
“It was very scary,” said Ralph. “I've never experienced anything like that.”
A Computerized Tomography (CT) scan of his head and neck were ordered to rule out a blockage in an artery. A CT scan uses X-rays to take highly detailed cross-section images of the human body resulting in a series of image ‘slices.' These slices each contain information that could help diagnose what was impacting Ralph's physical health.
A second chest X-ray and a Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) scan were also performed. Unlike a CT scan, an MRI uses magnetic fields and radio waves to produce its images. This technology is most commonly used for examining the brain, spine and musculoskeletal systems but is also being used more often to image the organs of the chest and abdomen.
Ralph was admitted to the care of staff on the fifth floor at the Brantford General and spent six days receiving a course of intravenous antibiotics.
He said for the first couple of days he slept most of the time as the antibiotics did their work. As he began to feel better, Ralph tried to walk as much as he could and had lots of company come to visit.
While he was a patient, Ralph said he received wonderful care.
“I can't say enough about the staff. Everyone was wonderful, very caring,” he said. “Any questions that I had, they answered for me.”
The day after he was discharged, Ralph received a call at home from the Brant County Health Unit notifying him that he had Legionnaires Disease, a severe form of pneumonia caused by a bacterium in water. The symptoms include those that Ralph had exhibited, including shortness of breath, muscle pains, nausea and vomiting. The bacteria can contaminate water sources and spreads when a person breathes any mist that comes from the contaminated water. Though it doesn't spread from person to person, staff at the health unit wanted to know every location he had visited recently, in order to pinpoint where the contaminated water source was located.
Ralph had been on a motorcycle trip in the eastern United States, and had taken with him his CPAP machine, a machine that provides continuous positive airway pressure to treat sleep apnea. It includes a small machine that supplies a constant and steady air pressure to help Ralph breathe properly while sleeping. Ralph said typically he uses purified water to generate the mist in his CPAP machine, but while on the trip he used tap water from the motels where he stayed.
“If I had to guess, that's where I would suspect I got it,” he said.
Ralph also had a call from Dr. Glavin who prescribed a further two weeks of antibiotics to eliminate the infection in Ralph's lungs.
“I had wonderful care at the hospital,” said Ralph. “From the minute I came in, everyone – from the triage nurse to the doctors and nurses in zone one, to the technicians – everyone was pleasant and very professional.”
As Ralph has learned first-hand, when crisis or illness impacts you or a loved one, the Brant Community Healthcare System is here to offer you exceptional healthcare in your time of need.
Now is the time to make a difference, please consider making a gift today that is meaningful to you, and support a strong healthcare system for our community.
Your involvement, through a donation of any size, will allow the BCHS Foundation to purchase patient equipment not funded by the Ministry of Health and Long-Term Care, provide essential resources to maintain the exceptional level of compassionate patient care, and invest in new and innovative technology.
To make a donation, visit the BCHS Foundation website at www.bchsysfoundation.org or call 519-751-5510.
SAN DIEGO (AP)  San Diego will pay $500,000 to city trash truck drivers after deciding to settle a lawsuit filed in 2014 over wages deducted for drivers' lunch breaks.
The San Diego Union-Tribune reports (http://bit.ly/2z21Gj7 ) the city council approved the settlement on Tuesday for the class-action lawsuit that claimed drivers were not paid properly because the city deducted a half-hour for a lunch break each shift. Drivers are required to stay on their routes during the breaks.
A spokesman for the city attorney says agreeing to a settlement avoids any further risk for city and its taxpayers. The city does not acknowledge any wrongdoing with the settlement.
The settlement covers attorneys' fees and payments to drivers. An estimated 220 drivers could be affected by the settlement.
Advertisement
___
Information from: The San Diego Union-Tribune, http://www.utsandiego.com
Patna: A Muslim man in Bihar broke his Ramadan fast on Wednesday to donate blood to save the lives of two newborns, officials said.
Mohammad Imran, in his mid 20s, donated blood to nine-day-old Bharat Kumar and two-day-old Raj Kumar in Siwan district, a district health official said.
"Imran donated blood to the two newborns after their family members failed to arrange a suitable donor. Both children were saved," Siwan's Sadar Hospital official Mahendar Prasad said.
It is the third such case within 10 days. Last week, Jawed Alam donated blood to an eight-year-old thalassemic boy Rajesh Kumar to save his life in Gopalganj district.
On Sunday, Mohammad Ashfaque, a young Muslim man in Darbhanga district, broke his Ramadan fast to donate blood to save the life of a newborn.
The B.C. government is offering emergency grants of $1,500 for eligible small businesses affected by wildfires in the B.C. Interior.
Forests Minister Doug Donaldson announced Monday the grants will be administered through the Red Cross, which has also distributed $600 payments to individuals and families forced from their homes by fires. The grants will also be available to aboriginal communities and non-profits affected by fires and highway closures.
Businesses and organizations along Highway 20, evacuation areas on Highway 97 south of Prince George, Highway 26 to Barkerville and the eastern Cariboo Regional District communities of Horsefly and Likely.
The eligibility will be reviewed and adjusted as conditions change, but the government wants to get the program going as soon as possible, Donaldson said.
Applications are open today and online application forms are available here. Information on the program and links are also available at www.redcross.ca and the Red Cross has a small business phone helpline at 1-855-999-3345. Phone service is available Monday to Friday between 6 a.m. and 5 p.m.
Eligible organizations are those with 50 employers or fewer, have a income of $250,000 per year, have been in operation on or before July 7, 2017 and have resumed operations or are intending to restart as soon as possible.
“We know that hundreds of small businesses in rural B.C. have been adversely impacted by wildfire activity and this initial support is designed to give these businesses some assistance as they resume operations again,” said Jobs Minister Bruce Ralston.
Rain across some of the fire-affected regions helped slow down fires, but B.C. Wildfire Service spokesman Kevin Skrepnek said they were showers and the effect is temporary.
“We're likely going to see conditions rebound pretty quickly here,” Skrepnek said.
Dr. Bonnie Henry of the B.C. Centre for Disease Control said that the smoke that has hung over some communities for the past month has led to an increase in medical visits from people with chronic respiratory conditions, it is not expected to have long-term impacts.
“We still consider even the month to be relatively short term exposure,” Henry said. “We don't expect long-term health effects as you would see with long-term exposure to air pollution like you would see in a city like Beijing.”
The latest estimate in area burned by the more than 1,000 wildfires reported since April 1 is 7,290 square kilometres, an area more than twice the size of Metro Vancouver. By that measure it is the second largest fire season on record for B.C., with more than 8,500 square kilometres burned in 1958.
Costs to date are $292 million, with 4,000 people working on the fire control effort.
Skrepnek said many seasonal firefighters and support workers are preparing to return to school or work after the Labour Day weekend, and plans are underway to replace them if necessary. Fire department dispatchers and military personnel are being recruited, he said.
Four years ago Granite City senior libero Alex Schipkowski said that he wasn't sure about trying out for volleyball, but his brother Ben Schipkowski convinced him.
“(Ben's) sophomore year he talked me into playing because I wasn't even sure about playing and he talked me into it and then I ended up starting to love it.”
Schipkowski said that after being convinced, he found that he took to the sport very well.
“Starting off, I was a little iffy but once I started playing it I realized how much effort you have to put into it to play,” Schipkowski said. “It's a physical sport, you have to dive around to make a save and then you have to get every pass up and make a perfect pass set to hit and get it over, that's what I love doing, being more hands on. It's a really competitive sport. Once you get into it becomes pretty fun.”
Things were rough this year for the still-young volleyball program at Granite (the team has been around since 2008), but Shipkowski gave it his all every step of the way.
This year he finished with 179 digs, averaging 4.95 per game and had a .894 service reception rate.
Since 4 seniors graduated last year, this year's team was mostly made up of younger players and players who came from other sports.
“We came out being only four or five seniors and a lot of new people who had never played before they came from different sports, Riley (Brown) came from hockey, Alex (Moore) came from soccer, Christian (Frasier) came from baseball, and a lot of different people just found out by playing gym ball that it is a really fun sport,” Schipkowski said.
Although the team finished 6-13 overall, Schipkowski sees the year in a positive light. The Warriors did pick up a win in the Granite City Regional, beating Southwestern Conference rival Alton in straight games, 25-18, 25-18. Their season ended with a 25-14, 25-7 loss to Edwardsville in the regional semifinals.
During the regular season GCHS defeated Ritenour once, Alton twice and East St. Louis twice to register its other victories.
I think (the season) came out better than we thought it would, because we lost a few good players we lost my brother who was also really good and then we lost a couple of players from last year so I thought it turned out a little better than it did,” Shipkowski said. “I was pretty grateful for the way it turned out and I was pretty proud by the way it turned out. I mean the work and effort that some of us had been putting for 4 years I think we actually ended the season pretty well, we gave it our all and did our best.”
Shipkowski has a lot of hope for the volleyball program at Granite City.
“I think it is expanding and getting bigger. I think larger groups are coming and trying out now more often than what it used to be. It used to be that not many people came and tried out and then whoever tried out would have to make the team so they never had to make cuts or anything. But I think now a lot more people are getting involved in it and starting to love the sport the way I did,” Schipkowski said.
As for the near future, Schipkowski says that the program is in good hands.
“I think Kobey Meyer-Ronk and Aaron Wood will be a really big part of our team I think they could push our team to get better and move farther.”
Follow AdVantage News Sports on Facebook and #AdVsports on Twitter
Environment Canada has issued a special weather statement that could result in more flooding throughout the Okanagan.
A low pressure system will reach the B.C. coast Wednesday night and gradually push across the Coast Mountains on Thursday.
The system will create moderate southerly winds along Osoyoos, Skaha and Okanagan lakes on Thursday.
Environment Canada says sustained winds of 30 to 40 kilometres an hour with gusts up to 60 are expected between late Thursday morning and Thursday evening.
The Central Okanagan Emergency Operations Centre (EOC) says with lakes at historically high levels, there's the potential for gusty winds to create waves that could lead to flooding and erosion along waterfront properties, particularly in areas with shorelines exposed to the south.
The EOC planning staff has created and added a southerly wind advisory map for waterfront locations that could potentially be impacted across the region.
A link to the map is available here.
Residents should leave all flood protection measures in place and continue to check their property flood fortifications, repairing, replacing and bolstering if needed.
The EOC advises that the previously issued evacuation alert for 3550 Woodsdale Road (Emerald Point) in Lake Country has been lifted.
All other evacuation orders and alerts remain.
Click on this map and search by address to determine if an area is under alert or order, or to find the closest sand and sandbag locations.
Technology and sports team up to bring new athletic bands and features to the new swim-proofing, GPS, new bands, and more with Apple Watch Nike+.
Rene Ritchie has been covering Apple and the personal technology industry for almost a decade. Editorial director for Mobile Nations, analyst for iMore, video and podcast host, you can follow him on Snapchat, Instagram, or Twitter @reneritchie.
Back in October, Apple announced Watch Series 2, which brought the global positioning system (GPS), swim-proofing, longer battery life, and a brighter display to the wrist. In addition to continuing their existing partnership with fashion house Hermés, Apple also announced an all new one: with athletics company Nike. Given the fitness focus on Apple Watch Series 2 — and Apple CEO, Tim Cook's position on the Nike board — it made total sense. At least in concept. So, how's the execution? I've spent three months with Apple Watch Series 2 and a month with Apple Watch Nike+, and here's the answer! See at Apple The Watch Apple Watch Nike+ is a variant of Apple Watch Series 2. More specifically, a variant of the aluminum Apple Watch Series 2, the type previously branded as "Sport". There aren't any anodized gold or rose gold options in the Nike+ line though, but these are silver and space black, along with distinctive Nike+ bands and a watch face to match.
There's no stainless steel option for Apple Watch Nike+. Since it's designed for health and fitness, though, the sportier aluminum version is the better fit. Inside, though, there's the new dual-core Apple S2 system-in-package (SIP) with built-in GPS, which means it can lap the original when it comes to performance. It can also track your running, walking, wheeling, and swimming routes, even if you don't have your iPhone with you. Nike+ seems biased towards running, but it's got the same swim-proofing as every other Series 2, so you can do your laps in a pool or swim along the coast and, every time your watch breaks surface, your route will still get mapped. Regardless of how you're working out, the double-bright screen will also make it easier to see your stats, even in the sun.
On the watchOS side, there's extra integration for the Nike+ app. If you don't already have it, you'll be prompted to download and install it as part of the setup process. From there, you can access it via Siri or right from the two special Nike+ watch faces, one digital, one analog. They have BIG, BOLD numbers on them, so it's easy to see while you're out for a run — either in silver or in electric green "volt". And if you're not out for a run, the Nike+ complication will stare at you, prompting you, until you go. That's the biggest advantage of Apple Watch Nike+ — it ties you into the larger Nike+ community and that's great because it's less about brand and more about lifestyle. It's also great for people who are intrinsically motivated. Activity Sharing on iOS does wonders for this already, but Nike+ goes beyond Apple hardware.
It becomes a very literal extension of the "just do it" philosophy, making sure you've "just done it", both now and next time. To be honest, though, I got more out of Apple's Activity Sharing than Nike+. Both are great but my friends are all on Activity Sharing, not Nike+, so that was a better experience for me. It'll vary for each individual though, and that's the real advantage of having both. Apple Watch Series 2 + watchOS 3 Rather than recapitulate the Series 2 hardware or watchOS 3 software reviews, I'll simply point you to my colleague, Serenity Caldwell's original reviews, and my second opinion follow up. Everything we wrote there applies here. Apple Watch Series 2 review
watchOS 3 review
Apple Watch Series 2 + watch OS 3: Second opinion
Apple Watch Hermès Series 2 review The bands Apple Watch Nike+ comes in a "collection", or a series of different case and band colors. You can't currently buy Apple Watch Nike+ bands separately. Apple Watch Hermès started similarly but the bands eventually did go on sale separately. It remains to be seen if Apple Watch Nike+ will follow along, but unless and until it does, you should make sure you get the color you want right up front.
Here's the full Apple Watch Nike+ collection, as of the time of this review: 38mm or 42mm space gray case with black and volt (green) sports band.
38mm or 42mm space gray case with black and cool gray sports band.
38mm or 42mm silver case with silver and volt (green) sports band.
38mm or 42mm silver case with silver and white sports band. The sports band, as the name implies, are variations on the classic Apple sports band introduced with the original Apple Watch. Made of fluoroelastomer, it's water and sweat proof, resilient, and easy to both put on and tuck away. All of which makes it ideal for exercise. The big difference is the perforations that run, staggered three across, almost the entire length of the band. Not only do they look hella cool, they make the sport band breathe better. When Apple debuted the woven nylon band back in March of 2016, I liked it better than the sport band because it was more breathable. The Nike+ variant of the sport band, though, gives it a run for its money. I do wish it was available in more colors, though. Black, white, and volt (green) are fine. But this design is also begging for a shocking yellow, neon pink, and even a bright orange trim. Don't even get me started on Product (RED). Hopefully we'll see those eventually — maybe if/when the bands go on sale separately?
Melissa Etheridge is trying to change the stigma behind smoking marijuana.
“My children have a very clear understanding of cannabis,” the 55-year-old singer said in Yahoo's “Weed & the American Family” report. “When I hold it without shame or confusion, then they can understand it as simple as if I was pointing to a bottle of Percocet and said that's Mama's medicine. You take the naughtiness out of it and it's not something that kids then run to.”
Etheridge admitted that she smokes with her two oldest children, 20-year-old Bailey Jean Cypher and 18-year-old Beckett Cypher. She is also mother to 10-year-old twins, Miller Steven Etheridge and Johnnie Rose Etheridge.
“I'd much rather have a smoke with my grown kids than a drink,” she said, adding that her parents considered pot to be the worst thing.
Etheridge, who revealed in September she was getting into the marijuana business, has been smoking since she was 21, but only became an advocate for marijuana after she was diagnosed with breast cancer in 2004.
“I smoked to be normal. I smoked to be out of pain. I smoked to lighten myself because you're poisoning yourself with chemo,” she said. “It wasn't about being high; it wasn't at all anything like that. It was just being to a place where I could communicate with my children, to where I could get up, to where I could eat, where I didn't have to go to the hospital. It was great medicine.”
She also added that it's a great “marital aid.”
“We take a bath every night and smoke,” Etheridge said of herself and wife Linda Wallem. “[We] talk and wind down and sleep a very, very good night sleep.”
Ontario, Alberta and Parliament Hill.
All governed by left-of-centre political leaders. All up for grabs in elections less than two years away.
These jurisdictions' respective conservative challengers are all now gearing up for the fight. Let's take a look at those three politicians, each of whom has a different challenge ahead.
The other week federal Conservative leader Andrew Scheer spoke to the Canadian Club to tell the Toronto crowd of politicos and business leaders how he plans to defeat Prime Minister Justin Trudeau in the fall of 2019.
It was a warm speech full of personal storytelling and humour. Scheer spoke about the personal sacrifices his middle-class parents made to support their family — like the time his father, an avid reader, cancelled his magazine subscriptions to help support his kids' education.
It's those stories that put Scheer's likeability factor through the roof. The question is whether they translate in today's social media soundbite culture. Scheer's personable style would pay dividends in the time of whistle stop campaigns, where candidates make their impressions on people when their train rolls into town.
But these days the average voter forms impressions based on what their smartphones and social media feeds tell them, a medium that adores Canada's selfie king PM.
One interesting development in Scheer's leadership is the core conservative principles he's unapologetically voicing. He tells stories to underscore why the free market beats government and calls out socialism with verve. For those Maxime Bernier supporters who were worried Scheer wouldn't be a politician of equally firm philosophical passion, the new leader is proving them wrong.
Then there's Ontario PC leader Patrick Brown. He's the first up to bat, facing a June 2018 election. Core conservative convictions and Patrick Brown are two phrases that don't often go together.
Brown made his case to the Economic Club of Canada in Toronto on Monday on how he'll defeat the very unpopular Premier Kathleen Wynne. The numbers show he's got a very good chance. And the party and its candidates are trying their hardest to keep things steady and not, as their past three leaders have done, blow their shot at scoring a seemingly easy win.
His newly released platform's marquee items are big spends on mental health and child care, with little talk of pruning back a government that has ballooned under Liberal rule. Grassroots conservatives wonder why, as my colleague Adrienne Batra put it on stage with Brown on Monday, he's campaigning to run a deficit in his first year and releasing a platform that, with a different cover, could be a Liberal document.
Yet Brown remains firm that he'll offer responsible, scandal free and stable government — what he calls his People's Guarantee. This in itself would be a positive departure from the status quo.
Just don't expect him to travel the province quoting Margaret Thatcher and Ronald Reagan. He clearly feels it won't sell in Ontario. It's a cultural thing.
This is a problem Jason Kenney, leader of the United Conservative Party, doesn't have. In many respects, the former federal cabinet minister has it the easiest in his June 2018 election against NDP Premier Rachel Notley.
This isn't just because the polls are very much in his favour, but because Kenney's task is to return the Alberta political pendulum to its natural resting place as a province governed by conservatives. He doesn't have to shift the culture.
Craig Shirley's new book Reagan Rising: The Decisive Years 1976-1980 shows how the months and years leading up to Reagan's eventual presidential win were the pivotal ones.
Same for here and now. This is an important time to keep an eye on what Canada's conservative leaders say and do.
With almost four months left until Star Wars: The Last Jedi hits theaters, fans have been trying to find out anything they can about this highly-anticipated adventure, but don't expect much more to be revealed between now and then. We already have seen one-Star Wars 8 trailer, revealed exactly four months earlier at Star Wars Celebration, but today we have some hilarious fake plot spoilers, courtesy of new star Laura Dern, who plays Amilyn Holdo, an important Resistance officer in the new sequel. Since she can't reveal any official details, she decided to have some fun and reveal some fake spoilers that will most definitely not be in the movie, including Luke Skywalker's first words to Rey.
"It opens on Rey holding out Luke's old lightsaber out to him. After a long pause, Luke goes, 'Nah, I'm good.'"
While the first thing Luke Skywalker says to Rey is most certainly not, "Nah I'm good," it has been confirmed that the movie starts directly after the final scene of Star Wars: The Force Awakens, with Luke and Rey on the hidden planet of Ahch-To. Laura Dern made these fake spoiler revelations on the latest episode of Entertainment Weekly: The Show, where she added that the opening crawl at the beginning of the movie, is made up entirely of emojis, which, if true, would certainly enrage Star Wars fans around the world. Another fake spoiler she revealed is that all of the X-Wing ships will be changed to NC-17-Wing ships, while dropping another fake surprise about the lineage of Kylo Ren. Here's what she had to say below.
"You find out that not only is Kylo Ren the son of Han Solo, he's also the cousin of Ren from Ren & Stimpy."
Laura Dern also reveals that Mario Batali makes a cameo in the movie, hosting a morning cooking show for Wookies called The Chewbacca, a reference to his ABC show called just The Chew. While none of these details are true, obviously, they are quite humorous, although with fans waiting with bated breath for any morsel of information regarding this long-awaited Star Wars movie, it may just make fans more hungry for any sort of true details, or new footage. LucasFilm hasn't revealed when the new trailer will be revealed but hopefully that announcement will come sooner rather than later.
A report surfaced last week that claims a new Star Wars kids book spoils the opening scenes for Star Wars: The Last Jedi, while also explicitly revealing that Luke Skywalker is in fact "The Last Jedi." Still, it has been confirmed that there will be a level of "training" involved with Luke and Rey, although it remains to be seen how close this will follow the Jedi training Luke Skywalker himself underwent with Yoda in the 1980 sequel Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back. Many have taken issue with The Force Awakens, since there are plot elements that are quite similar to A New Hope, and several rumors have claimed there are similarities between Empire Strikes Back and The Last Jedi.
There isn't much known about Laura Dern's character in Star Wars: The Last Jedi other than that she's an important Resistance officer, although it isn't clear if this character has any connections to the characters from The Force Awakens. As we continue the countdown towards The Last Jedi, it remains to be seen when more details and/or footage will be released to the public, but that day certainly can't come soon enough, for most fans.
By AYOMIDE AYONO, Lagos
Mr. Dipo Falkner, country general manager, IBM West Africa, has disclosed that the company would be training five million Nigerians over the next two years on information and communications technology skills required to enhance the small and medium enterprises (SME) business entrepreneurs.
He made this known during the Nigeria International Technology Exhibition and Conference (NITEC 2017) held in Lagos last week. According to him, plans have been made to start up the programme tagged “Digital Nations Africa” in the last quarter of 2017.
In addition, he disclosed that another mandate of IBM is to help in improving the skill level of technology in Nigeria by training and partnering with Nigerian Universities. “We partner with Nigerian universities. It's an ongoing exercise whereby we make available a set of solutions to the universities and both the university students and their faculties can get trained and certified on these solutions”, he said.
He added that one of the advantages of these trainings is to make the students technology literates by the time they graduate and as well make them IBM advocates. “What does that do, it gets them job -ready. So when they come out, they are literates on those technology solutions. They can act as advocates to IBM as well as use these solutions when they come out. We also from time to time link together our business partners and clients in to a classroom, one week every quarter to train them, about those solutions”, he stated.
Meanwhile, he disclosed that IBM is a cloud platform and community solutions company which provides leading head solutions to companies and help them transform their businesses successfully. He added that although the organization does not have direct programmes for Small and Medium Enterprises ( SMEs), there is adequate support from the company to organizations that provide services to SMEs.
Noting that Dell has helped other countries within Europe, Africa and the Middle East use technology to transform their communities, he invited organizations, especially those in the public sector, to take advantage of Dell EMC's innovative and forward-thinking solutions to simplify processes and boost efficiency and effectiveness of their IT. “We are committed to bringing technology innovation to people everywhere so they can transform and thrive in the digital economy,” Says Shams Hassan.
Like this: Like Loading...
Washington Nationals slugger Matt Adams has been activated from the 10-day disabled list after missing over two weeks with a broken finger.
Adams suffered a fractured left index finger on June 15 when he was hit by a pitch and has missed Washington's last 16 games. He is batting .275 with 13 home runs and 36 RBIs in 57 games this season, his first with the Nationals.
The Nationals announced the move before Wednesday morning's game against the Boston Red Sox. The left-handed hitting Adams was not in Washington's starting lineup against Boston left-hander Eduardo Rodriguez.
The Nationals designated left-hander Tim Collins for assignment to create a roster spot for Adams. Collins posted a 2.77 ERA in 17 relief appearances for Washington.
For Page Six's 40th anniversary, we unearthed a recounting of “SNL” wildman John Belushi's first talk- show interview on “Midday Live” in '77.
Belushi had to be rousted out of bed and appeared unshaven and “on all fours, crawling onto the set.” He then threw a glass of water on host Bill Boggs, kicked over a table and said on-air of the female producer who intervened, “I don't know who this person is, but she's asking for sex.”
But Boggs exclusively tells us: “He was not booked in advance, but the night before the live show I was, of course, at Studio 54 and was dancing around.”
That's when, “John asked who was on my show the next morning and when he heard Steve Allen, he says, ‘I love Steve Allen!' So I persuaded him to come on so he could meet Steve. And [Belushi] gave me his number and said, ‘Call me in the morning and keep calling, no matter what!' ”
Five years before Belushi's tragic overdose in '82, Boggs says, “After the show, I was walking John out … For no reason, he takes me into his confidence and says, ‘I've performed on every drug there is and it doesn't make it any better.'”
Russian officials say at least 17 people have been killed after a train collided with a bus at a railway crossing east of Moscow.
Regional police said the collision occurred at around 3:30 a.m. local time on October 6 near a train station close to the city of Vladimir.
At least one child was among the dead and at least five injured people were transported to hospital after the accident near the city, which is located some 190 kilometers east of Moscow.
The bus, which Russian news agencies said had license plates from the former Soviet republic of Kazakhstan, attempted to cross the tracks despite a red light, the regional Interior Ministry branch said.
A spokeswoman for regional investigators said at least 17 people were killed in the accident, which occurred around 100 kilometers east of the Russian capital.
Full story: rferl.org
RFE/RL
Copyright (c) 2017. RFE/RL, Inc. Reprinted with the permission of Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty, 1201 Connecticut Ave NW, Ste 400, Washington DC 20036.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
It wasn't particularly far, but it was perfectly effective.
Ji-Man Choi lifted an opposite-field, fly-ball two-run home run in the top of the ninth to rally the RailRiders to a 4-2 win over Durham in what could have been a preview of the Governors' Cup final next month.
The two top teams in the International League finished their four-game series with a split, and the New York Yankees' top affiliate had Choi to thank for Sunday's win at Durham Bulls Athletic Park.
Besides his team-leading 14th homer at Triple-A, Choi also hooked a tying, two-run double to right in the seventh inning as the RailRiders stretched their International League North Division lead to 8½ games over Lehigh Valley and Rochester while reducing their magic number to clinch the division to 13.
For six innings, the RailRiders could do nothing to solve Tampa Bay's No. 2 prospect, Brent Honeywell, who allowed just two hits and struck out five over six innings.
Durham spotted him to a 2-0 lead with a pair of unearned runs just before Honeywell departed.
RailRiders starter Nestor Cortes was untouchable in his second spot start in 14 days.
The lefty struck out the first six hitters he faced and saw the minimum through four innings before Jake Bauers reached on an error to lead off the fifth.
Cortes retired the next two hitters he faced, improving his impressive numbers in eight appearances with the RailRiders to 32 strikeouts in 27⅔ innings.
But he left on the short end of the score because Taylor Featherston greeted reliever Collen Brewer with an RBI single and took second on the throw to the plate.
Featherston scored when Jake Hager stroked a single to left.
The RailRiders tied it by winning a pair of lefty-vs.-lefty matchups.
Donovan Solano singled and, after getting the next two outs, Durham reliever Hunter Wood was replaced by lefty Adam Kolarek.
Billy McKinney laced an opposite-field single to put two men on board for Choi, who reached out and lined a breaking ball toward the right-field corner.
Featherston made a headlong dive for the liner, but it eluded him and went to the wall, scoring Solano and McKinney to tie the game.
With the game in the hands of the bullpen, Brewer and winning pitcher Ben Heller delivered.
Brewer walked the leadoff hitter in the seventh and then tossed a wild pitch, but he got a weak grounder to short and two strikeouts to work out of trouble.
In the eighth, Heller got a routine grounder and struck out the next two, setting the stage for the winning rally.
Tyler Austin struck out, but McKinney worked a four-pitch walk.
Choi took a first-pitch strike, then lofted a high fly ball just inside the foul pole and just over the yellow home-run line atop the high blue wall in left for the go-ahead runs.
Durham couldn't touch Heller, who struck out the final five hitters he faced.
The right-hander mowed down the heart of Durham's order in the ninth, striking out the Nos. 2 and 3 hitters looking with sharp sliders, and duplicating the pitch to get a swinging strikeout to seal the victory.
Contact the writer: sports@timesshamrock.com; 570-348-9125; @sportsTT on Twitter
Many music fans from Scunthorpe will be making the annual trip to Leeds Festival this month armed with tents, alcohol and, if the recent weather is anything to go by, a waterproof coat.
The festival is one of the most popular on the music calendar with a site also at Reading.
Where and when is it taking place?
Although it has Leeds in the name, the festival is actually located near Wetherby in Branham Park. It will take place across the Bank Holiday weekend from Friday, August 25 to Sunday, August 27.
Who is performing?
This year's festival promises a massive lineup with headliners Muse (Friday), Kasabian (Saturday) and Eminem (Sunday) being joined by the likes of Liam Gallagher, Blossoms, Bastille, Two Door Cinema Clubs, Major Lazer and many more. For the full list, click here
Who should I look out for?
As well as the bigger, more established acts over on the main stage, there are a number of hidden gems dotted across the festival. I'd recommend checking out Sløtface, The Sherlocks, The Amazons, Rat Boy, Declan McKenna, Sigrid, Cabbage and Astroid Boys if you get chance. And if you're a comedy fan, there is Iain Sterling (best known as the narrator of Love Island) and Bill Bailey over on the Alternative Stage.
How can I find out the times?
It's best to wait until closer to the festival for the exact times but if you can't wait, Clashfinder has an unofficial list of set times up now.
Can I still buy tickets?
You can still buy weekend tickets, Friday day tickets and Saturday day tickets. Sunday day tickets are now sold out.
KARACHI - State Bank of Pakistan Governor Ashraf Mahmood Wathra inaugurated the Heritage Meeting Rooms building at SBP Headquarters here on Monday.
Expressing his thoughts, the SBP governor thanked the Sindh Heritage Committee for their valuable support in the restoration of this building and congratulated the SBP staff for completing the renovation work. “Preserving old buildings is a valuable service to the current and future generations of this country and SBP is proud in making its contribution,” he remarked. Sindh Heritage Committee members Arif Hassan, Hameed Haroon and Dr Kaleemullah Lashari were also present on the occasion.
Haroon appreciated the services of the SBP governor in safeguarding the national heritage of the country as this is the second heritage building which has been conserved by the State Bank and readopted for use. He also commented that only few government institutions are making conscious efforts for such purpose. The members of the committee also lauded the efforts of the central bank and the SBP governor in this regard.
The stone masonry building with gable shape steel truss type roofing partially covered with Manglore tiles and partially with Asbestos sheets exists behind the SBP Museum and Art Gallery since pre partition times. The covered area of this barrack shape building is about 6500 Sqft.
The son of Manipur's former education minister has died under mysterious circumstances after falling from the second floor of a restaurant in south Delhi's Hauz Khas area, police said on Sunday.Siddharth, 19, was the son of former education minister of Manipur M Okendru, they said.Around 4:10 PM on Saturday, the police were informed that a man fell from the second floor of a restaurant, said a senior police officer.He was rushed to a nearby hospital where he died during treatment, he said.Siddharth's sister has alleged a foul play in the incident.So far, the police have not found any eyewitnesses.They were scanning the CCTV footage to determine the sequence of events that led to his death.
The cost calculator is intended to provide a ballpark estimate for information purposes only and is not to be considered an actual quote of your total moving cost. Data provided by Moving Pros Network LLC. More…
The calculator is based on industry average costs. Your move costs may vary depending on the actual weight of your goods, the services you request or are needed to complete the move, and/or on the pricing of each individual mover. Also, certain costs are not reflected in this calculation, for example any fuel surcharge that may be applicable at the time of your move and valuation costs.
We don't want to be a killjoy, but celebrating the Fourth of July can be hazardous to your health. Fires and injuries are the obvious hazards of fireworks, along with the noise that frightens humans and animals alike. Perhaps less obvious is the spike in air pollution to levels that are dangerous for everyone to breathe. With so many fireworks going off at once, levels of fine-particle pollution known as PM2.5 go through the roof on the night of Independence Day and linger like a hangover the next day. Aside from staying away from plumes of smoke, one way to lessen the impact is to leave the fireworks to the professionals. Here are some places to watch, legally, in Southern California.
The NFL never fails to deliver a timely stunner. A week filled with enthralling contests and meaningful results was capped off with what might have been the most stunning result of the year. The previously 10-2 New England Patriots fell to the division-rival Miami Dolphins on Monday night in what was nothing short of a stunner.
The Patriots had won eight straight games. The Dolphins were losers in five of their preceding six contests. Yet, it wasn't just the final score of 27-20 going in favor of Miami that was utterly shocking, it was how it happened. Make no mistake: this was an authoritative, comprehensive win by the Dolphins in a game they controlled throughout.
Upsets of this magnitude aren't born of just result. It takes a full-on team effort to take down New England and the Dolphins got just that. The Dolphins got just that with each phase of the team taking it to New England, including perhaps the best performance of the 2017 season from Jay Cutler. However, three factors loomed large throughout the game in their efforts to take down the longtime owners of the AFC East crown.
Kenyan Drake's emergence
Some segments of the football world were outright shocked when the Dolphins flipped running back Jay Ajayi to the Philadelphia Eagles for a mere Day 3 draft pick prior to the trade deadline. After all, Ajayi is still a young back who rushed for over 1,200 yards in 2016 with several outright dominant games along the way. Perhaps most puzzling was that Miami didn't appear to have a direct replacement on the roster. As it turns out, they may not have just had a replacement for Ajayi waiting in the wings, but a tangible upgrade.
Since taking over as the clear-cut starting back following Ajayi's ouster and a serious injury to fellow backup Damien Williams, third-year runner Kenyan Drake has been outstanding. Drake followed up a 26-touch, 141-yard outing against Denver in Week 13 with a 30-touch decimation of New England on Monday Night Football where he totaled 193 scrimmage yards.
It was impossible to overlook how dominant Drake was in space against the Patriots, routinely making multiple defenders miss and shedding tackles on his rush attempts. Drake averaged 4.63 yards gained after defenders closed within one yard of him on Monday night (NFL average -- 3.7). He came into Week 14 trailing only Alvin Kamara in that metric, among backs with 60-plus carries, with a 5.01 average.
Kenyan Drake averaged 4.63 yards after defenders closed withing 1 yard tonight.
Came into Week 14 2nd among RBs with 60+ carries with a 5.01 avg #NextGenStats pic.twitter.com/8z7lhz3Bko â Matt Harmon (@MattHarmon_BYB) December 12, 2017
Not only does Drake's elusive running style present a massive upgrade for the Dolphins offense but his presence as an outlet receiver is an assist for Cutler. Drake has eight catches for 100 yards over his last two games, a stark contrast to Ajayi who proved to be a zero in the passing game as a Dolphin despite gaudy college statistics.
Xavien Howard's shutdown performance
The Dolphins secondary has been an issue for long stretches of the 2017 season. Just two weeks ago, Tom Brady and this Patriots team dropped four touchdowns on them. The story couldn't have been more different in Week 14. The Patriots wide receivers went without a catch for the entire first half, with Danny Amendola recording the first with 10:18 left in the third quarter.
No player in the Dolphins secondary was more dominant than second-year cornerback Xavien Howard. A second-round pick out of Baylor in 2016, Howard played what was likely the best game of his young career in an outright shutdown effort of Brandin Cooks.
Xavien Howard vs. Brandin Cooks in coverage
31 plays
6 targets
0 catches
2 INTs
0.0 passer rating
Howard not only snagged two impressive interceptions on deep throws to Cooks, but he held the speedy receiver in lockdown coverage all night. Cooks averaged a measly 1.6 yards of separation on his targets against the Dolphins on Monday night. He didn't have his one and only catch until there was less than three minutes to play in the game. Howard wasn't even in coverage on that target.
The term shutdown corner is used a bit too loosely in the NFL world at large. Few players consistently blank the receivers in their coverage responsibilities. For one night, at least, Howard offered a true and perhaps the most complete shutdown effort we've seen out of a cornerback all season.
Pressure on Tom Brady
Observers at large often anecdotally assert, "the key to defeating the Patriots is to rattle Tom Brady." Perhaps there is some truth to that, but so few teams accomplish the feat and even when they do, Brady often makes them pay anyway.
Coming into Week 14, Brady led all relevant quarterbacks with a 100.9 passer rating under pressure this season. The future Hall of Fame quarterback sported an 8:1 touchdown to interception ratio. Much like the entirety of this game, the Dolphins managed to flip the script on its head.
Brady was under pressure on over 30 percent of his throws against Miami and completed just six of those attempts. He was even worse when the Dolphins sent extra rushers. Brady faced the blitz on 17 of his throws and completed just six with a passer rating of 39.1, the third-worst among quarterbacks in Week 14.
Tom Brady went 6/13 under pressure tonight and threw both interceptions on passes of 20+ air yards #NextGenStats pic.twitter.com/WrDRMmu3Ch â Matt Harmon (@MattHarmon_BYB) December 12, 2017
The extra heat saw Brady's deep ball vanish from his arsenal. Both of his interceptions came on passes of 20 or more air yards. He widely missed an open Chris Hogan on a long-ball down the sideline in the second half. Brady completed just one of his six deep pass attempts on Monday night.
In a game that reminded us once again of the weekly unpredictability of the sport that keeps us so enthused, the Dolphins saw two of their emerging second-year players offer dominant performances as their front seven took it to the possible NFL MVP. In a full-on stunner against their AFC East rivals, it was those three factors that sealed the dominant outing with a needed win.
You can explore the charts and data provided by Next Gen Stats for yourself right here, as well.
Matt Harmon is a writer/editor for NFL.com, and the creator of #ReceptionPerception, who you can follow on Twitter @MattHarmon_BYB or like on Facebook.
MILAN (Reuters) - Pope Francis on Sunday called on world leaders to work in favour of nuclear disarmament to protect human rights, particularly those of weaker and underprivileged people.
Pope Francis speaks as he leads a special audience for a delegation of donors of the Christmas tree and the nativity scene set up in Saint Peter's square at the Vatican, December 7, 2017. REUTERS/Alessandro Bianchi
The pontiff said that there was a need to “work with determination to build a world without nuclear weapons”, speaking from the window of the papal apartment overlooking St. Peter's Square and citing his 2015 encyclical letter Laudato Si (Praised Be).
His remarks came on the day that the group which won this year's Nobel Peace Prize urged nuclear nations to adopt a U.N. treaty banning atomic weapons.
With rising tensions between the United States and North Korea, the pope has repeatedly warned against the catastrophic humanitarian and environmental effects of nuclear devices and has called for a third country to mediate the dispute.
At his weekly Angelus prayer, Pope Francis added that men and women in the world had “the liberty, the intelligence and the capacity to guide technology, limit their power, at the service of peace and true progress”.
Speaking aboard the plane back from his trip to Myanmar and Bangladesh, the pope suggested that some world leaders had an “irrational” attitude towards nuclear weapons.
Last month he appeared to harden the Catholic Church's teaching against nuclear weapons, saying countries should not stockpile them, even for the purpose of deterrence.
Pope Francis, a strong defender of environmental protection, also hoped that an upcoming Paris summit would adopt “efficient decisions” to contrast climate change.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - BASWARE OYJ:
* REFINEMENTS TO BASWARE‘S STRATEGY TARGETS AND STRATEGIC FOCUS AREAS
* ‍TARGETS FOR CLOUD REVENUES IS TO INCREASE BY MORE THAN 20% CAGR ON AN ORGANIC BASIS​
* TARGET IS THAT COST OF GOODS SOLD AND OPERATING EXPENSES TO GROW AT A LOWER RATE THAN CLOUD REVENUES ON AN ORGANIC BASIS​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Agency warns retailers not to sell Juul e-cigarette to kids
Federal health officials on Tuesday announced a nationwide crackdown on underage use of a popular e-cigarette brand following months of complaints from parents, politicians and school administrators.
The Food and Drug Administration issued warnings to 40 retail and online stores as part of a monthlong operation against illegal sales of Juul to children. Investigators targeted 7-Eleven locations, Shell gas stations and Cumberland Farms convenience stores as well as vaping shops.
FDA regulators also asked manufacturer Juul Labs to turn over documents about the design, marketing and ingredients of its product. The rare request focuses on whether certain product features are specifically appealing to young people.
Like other e-cigarettes, Juul is an electronic device that turns liquid – usually containing nicotine – into an inhalable vapor.
Thanks in part to its resemblance to a small computer flash drive, Juul has become popular with some teenagers as a discreet way to vape at school and in public. Parents, teachers and principals say they are struggling to control the booming trend.
“The bathroom is the main source of it,” said Maureen Byrne, the principal of Dublin High School near San Francisco. “As students become more comfortable, we have seen it in classrooms and on campus even out in the open.”
Health advocates have worried about the popularity of vaping products among kids and the potential impact on adult smoking rates in the future. A recent government-commissioned report found “substantial evidence” that young people who use e-cigarettes are more likely to try cigarettes.
FDA Commissioner Scott Gottlieb said the current “blitz” targeting Juul will continue through the end of the month, with additional actions in coming weeks.
“This isn't the only product that we're looking at, and this isn't the only action we're going to be taking to target youth access to tobacco products, and e-cigarettes, in particular,” Gottlieb said in an interview. He named several other brands of concern, including KandyPens and myblu.
Juul sales have exploded over the past two years, accounting for 55 percent of the U.S. market for e-cigarettes, according to recent industry figures. That's up from just 5 percent of the market in 2016.
The San Francisco-based company said in a statement it agrees with the FDA that underage use of its products is “unacceptable.”
“We already have in place programs to identify and act upon these violations at retail and online marketplaces, and we will have more aggressive plans to announce in the coming days,” the statement read.
Juul Labs says it monitors retailers to ensure they are following the law. Its age verification system searches public records and sometimes requires customers to upload a photo ID.
E-cigarettes have grown into a $4 billion industry in the U.S. despite little research on their long-term effects, including whether they are helpful in helping smokers quit cigarettes.
That's the sales pitch made by Juul and many other e-cigarette manufacturers: “Juul delivers nicotine satisfaction akin to a cigarette in a format that's as simple and easy to use,” states the company's website. A Juul “starter kit” can be ordered online for $49.99. The company's website is intended to only sell to customers ages 21 and up.
Chaz Nuttycombe, an 18-year-old who has never tried vaping, says it's prevalent at his school, Hanover High near Richmond, Virginia.
“They're not doing cigarettes because that's not really hip,” he said. “I think my generation has been educated on what's in a cigarette, the poisons and whatnot.”
Research shows that many e-cigarettes contain trace amounts of chemicals like formaldehyde, but it's unclear whether they exist at levels that can cause long-term health problems. Most researchers agree any risks of e-cigarettes do not approach the long-established harms of traditional cigarettes, which cause cancer, heart disease and lung disease.
The FDA gained authority to regulate e-cigarettes in 2016, but anti-smoking advocates have criticized the agency for not policing the space more aggressively to stop companies from appealing to underage users, particularly with flavors like mango, cool cucumber and creme brulee.
“These are very positive steps and demonstrate that FDA recognizes the problem of youth use is very serious,” said Matthew Myers, of the Campaign for Tobacco-Free Kids. “But they don't address the biggest issue that the FDA is not enforcing its own rules.”
Myers' group contends that Juul and several other e-cigarette companies have recently launched new flavors and varieties without seeking FDA authorization. That step is mandatory under the FDA regulations put in place during the summer of 2016.
AP writer Collin Binkley in Boston contributed to this story.
The Associated Press Health & Science Department receives support from the Howard Hughes Medical Institute's Department of Science Education. The AP is solely responsible for all content.
Author: Matthew Perrone, AP
No matter what happens in a hockey game, there is usually one moment that can be picked out as making a major difference.
It's the reason you can select a turning point at the end of games.
Overtime winners are easily identified, but often you have to look quite closely.
In the 5-1 win by the Sarnia Sting over the London Knights on Saturday afternoon in Sarnia, that moment came in the second period — and it had nothing to do with scoring a goal. It had everything to do with not scoring.
The Knights' Alex Formenton found the puck on his stick at the side of the Sting net and nothing but netting staring back at him as Sarnia goalie Justin Fazio had been in position to make a save on a shot coming from the other direction.
Formenton did everything he should have — he got a shot away quickly; he got the puck up off the ice. All that was left to do was watch it hit the back of the net.
And that's when the Fazio's right hand flung into the air and got just enough of the puck that it hit off the goalpost and stayed out of the Sarnia net.
At that point, the game was tied 1-1. Under a minute later, a bang-bang play at the other end made it 2-1 Sting.
Knight fans can play a game of “what if?” and wonder what might have happened had Fazio not made that save.
London had been hanging with the Sting. The Knights' penalty kill was more than impressive. They were getting big stops from their own goalie, Joseph Raaymakers. Sarnia is a deep and determined team, but living life with London in the lead in the second period would have given the game a different complexion.
But that's not the way sports works.
Formenton was stopped and Anthony Salinitri was not and Sarnia scored three more goals and picked up their 11th victory in 13 games. The only losses by the Sting have come in overtime, giving them the longest current unbeaten-in-regulation streak in the Ontario Hockey League.
The loss was the Knights' third in a row as they now return home to face two teams fighting for their playoff lives.
READ MORE: Knights end homestand with loss to Barrie
How the goals were scored
The first one came short-handed off the Formenton's stick. He carried the puck into Sarnia territory and kept taking the room he was being given by a Sting defender until the Ottawa Senators draft pick snapped a shot off Fazio and into the net for a 1-0 London lead.
Former Knight Drake Rymsha tied the game at 15:40 of the first period as he rolled off the left sideboards in the London end and wristed a shot through a screen to make it 1-1.
In the second period, Fazio robbed Formenton by getting a blocker on his shot and less than a minute later, the Sting cashed in at the other end of the ice. On a delayed penalty call, Jordan Kyrou fed a pass in front of the London net to Salinitri and he knocked it past Raaymakers to give Sarnia a lead they would never relinquish.
An Adam Ruzicka wraparound gave the Sting a 3-1 lead just over two-and-a-half minutes later and then with just 24 seconds remaining in the period, Sean Josling buried a shot inside the post to increase Sarnia's lead to three goals at 4-1.
READ MORE: Here's a roundup of all the Super Bowl LII ads released so far
Jordan Kooy replaced Raaymakers to begin the third period and made seven saves. The only shot to beat him was one just about any goalie would have a tough time stopping. Hugo Leufvenius rocketed a wrist shot into the top corner of the Knight net to finish the scoring at 5-1.
Shutting down the number-one power play
The Knights turned the number-one power play in the OHL into the number-two power play, going a perfect 7-for-7 against the Sting on the penalty kill.
Jacob Golden, Alec Regula, Evan Bouchard and Tim Fallowfield blocked all kinds of passes and shots and the pucks that did get through were stopped by either Raaymakers or Kooy. Hamilton now sits atop the overall power play standings. London's effort on the PK lifted them into tenth spot in overall league penalty-killing.
Fazio sets Sting record for wins
Overage Sarnia goalie Fazio, a Lambton County native who has played his entire OHL career in Sarnia, broke the record for most wins in a season by a Sting netminder with his 29th victory.
READ MORE: Pyeongchang 2018: A look at Canada's largest-ever Winter Games delegation
Up next
After their 108 km trip to Sarnia and back, the Knights will return to Budweiser Gardens for their next two games.
London will host the Erie Otters on Friday, Feb. 9 in the first game between the teams since both made moves at the trade deadline. On Saturday, Feb. 10, the Knights are home to the Sudbury Wolves. The teams met earlier this year in Sudbury on an absolutely frigid night when the wind chill was minus 48. London got two goals from Evan Bouchard and two more from Liam Foudy and beat the Wolves 5-1.
Broadcast time will be 6:30 p.m. for both games on 980 CFPL, at www.980cfpl.ca and on the Radioplayer Canada app.
Things sure are getting intense in Gilead. In episode seven of The Handmaid's Tale, Ofglen's bombing of the Red Center managed to destabilize the government and leave an ashy shadow over the future of the colony. Their heinous, authoritarian protocols, along with their complete disregard for human rights is infuriating enough, but not knowing what June's future holds is equally frustrating. She's nearing the end of her pregnancy, so what happens to June after she gives birth?
Depending on how June plays the situation, her future could go a number of ways. As of now, she is doing a great job of pretending to be compliant with Aunt Lydia's directions, and is being as respectful as she can be to the Waterfords. If she manages to stay in their collective good graces, there may be a chance she gets to stick around and spend a few months with the baby, just like her friend Janine did.
When Janine gave birth to the baby she conceived with Commander Warren, she was allowed to live in the Warren's home for some time so she could nurse the baby. Of course, she wasn't able to spend actual quality time with her new baby, but she did get to bond with her while she breastfed. At the time, this may have been the norm in Gilead, and there is a chance that June is given the same chance, but because Janine ended up running away with the baby to jump off a bridge, I'm sure the rules have gotten stricter.
But there are a lot of factors that would weigh in to how June is treated after giving birth. The biggest influencer on her future is Serena, who absolutely hates her, and she's even voiced that she wants her out of their lives once the baby is born. Commander Waterford does have a thing for June, so there is a chance he convinces Serena to let her stick around. Either way, it won't be a long-term arrangement, and as per Gilead's protocol, June would probably have to go back to being a handmaid for someone else.
Another huge player in June's future is Aunt Lydia. After her failed escape attempt, when June was returned to Aunt Lydia's custody, her defiant attitude prompted Aunt Lydia to map out a horrific future for her. She told her that if she did not submit and comply to their ways and rules, she would be chained to a bed until the baby was born, and then executed shortly after. So, her only options are to accept the torture with a smile on her face, or die. Either way, the outcome is heinous to say the least.
But after the recent bombing of the Red Center, the return of Emily (the first Ofglen), and the pivotal meeting in which the handmaids find the courage to introduce themselves by their real names, it looks like something rebellious is brewing. This could mean that there is hope for June to be reunited with her daughter, Hannah, and possibly getting out of Gilead for good. But I don't think much can happen without some sort of help from Fred Waterford. He's shown tiny bits of compassion to June in the past by taking her out, getting her magazines to read, and sneaking her a picture of Hannah. Even though he remains consumed by his power and antiquated beliefs, there's small part of him that softens up to June, and whether it's out of lust or compassion, I think he will play a part in which way her future goes.
The Hulu series has gone way beyond the original Margaret Atwood story, so there's no way to predict what is to come. With a handful of episodes left in Season 2 and confirmation that the series has been renewed for a third season next year, you can guess that June's story is far from over. I just hope that she finds a way to bring Gilead down, and get justice for all the atrocities they've committed.
LOS ANGELES — Jimmy Kimmel held his baby son as he returned to his late-night son from a week off for the boy's heart surgery.
Kimmel was crying from the first moment of his monologue Monday night as he pleaded with Congress to restore and improve children's health coverage, a cause he has championed since his son Billy was born with a heart defect in April.
Billy needed one surgery just after his birth and had a follow-up operation last week.
Kimmel kept up his ardent advocacy Monday night, urging Congress to restore the Children's Health Insurance Program, which has been left unfunded and stuck in a political stalemate since September.
Kimmel said it's “disgusting” that Congress is putting tax cuts for millionaires ahead of the lives of children.
DEPARTMENT of Health Central Visayas (DOH-7) Regional Director Dr. Jaime Bernadas has ordered the immediate recall of all Dengvaxia vials that were given to local government units (LGUs) in Cebu.
“Ang order is ‘Asap.' Ongoing na. I-pull out na nato (The order is Asap. The pullout is ongoing),” said Bernadas after Health Secretary Dr. Francisco Duque III ordered not only the suspension but also the return of the controversial vaccines on Monday.
In Cebu, at least 159,766 children were given the first dose of Dengvaxia.
ADVERTISEMENT
The Cebu Provincial Health Office (PHO), for its part, planned to launch a public health surveillance unit to monitor the Dengvaxia situation in the province next month.
“We're still formulating the protocols on how to go about its implementation,” said PHO chief, Dr. Rene Catan.
Catan, earlier suggested that a Provincial Board (PB) resolution should be passed to compel mayors to submit a list of Dengvaxia recipients in their towns or cities so that PHO can create a centralized database system.
While legislators have yet to draft the resolution, Daanbantayan Mayor Vicente Loot visited Capitol yesterday to submit a list of more than 100 children from Daanbantayan injected with the controversial Dengvaxia shots.
“We are also asking help from the PHO (Provincial Health Office) to determine who among the children had a history of dengue,” said Loot.
Meanwhile, the Department of Education (DepEd) will implement a monitoring and surveillance system to determine who among students enrolled from grades 4–6 were injected with the controversial vaccine under DOH-7's community-based immunization program and by private practitioners.
Dr. Bianito Dagatan, Cebu city school's superintendent, said that while DepEd had nothing to do with the vaccination program, the Dengvaxia monitoring will be done in coordination with DOH and the Department of Interior and Local Government (DILG). /with Futch Anthony Inso
At Cornell University, in Ithaca, N.Y., more than 2,000 students and professors signed a petition asking the university to join other institutions and declare itself a sanctuary, or safe haven, for undocumented students. Bernard Weil / Toronto Star ) Order this photo
ITHACA, N.Y.—In a time of fear and uncertainty, college campuses and cities across the U.S. are vowing to fight back if president-elect Donald Trump tries to deport students and law-abiding community members who lack legal status. At Cornell University, in Ithaca, N.Y., more than 2,000 students and professors signed a petition asking the university to join other institutions and declare itself a sanctuary, or safe haven, for undocumented students. “I am frightened,” said one literature student, who asked not to be identified for fear she could be deported. “But I am also encouraged to see people mobilizing and organizing and preparing for Trump to carry out his threat to deport millions of illegals.” As many as 740,000 children and teenagers — including this woman in her 20s — were given temporary amnesty four years ago when President Barack Obama passed the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA). Now these “DREAMers” — named after an earlier version of the act which was not passed — fear they, or their parents, will be targeted if they come out of the shadows.
Article Continued Below
“My parents brought me from Mexico to Los Angeles when I was 8. They worked hard and paid taxes and put me and my two siblings through college,” said the Cornell student, who attended a recent campus rally. “I registered in DACA, and gave authorities my fingerprints. The threat is serious now that I could be deported. It is stressful not knowing when this could happen.” Trump, who takes office Jan. 20, has said that during his first 100 days he plans to “cancel every unconstitutional executive action, memorandum and order issued by President Obama.” The president-elect has not listed the specific actions he plans to cancel to back up his hyperbole, but his campaign website singled out the amnesty law, which was passed by executive action in 2012. DACA granted applicants who arrived in the U.S. before their 16th birthday, and who have lived there continuously since 2007, a chance to legally get a job with a two-year guarantee they would not be deported. It was never designed to be a permanent solution, rather to buy time until other immigration reforms could be passed.
Under a Trump presidency, those expected reforms are almost certainly dead. Hunter Rawlings, Cornell's interim president, reaffirmed in a recent statement that the university “stands with every Cornellian”. But he stopped short of calling Cornell a sanctuary campus. The sanctuary movement sprang to life in the 1980s, when some U.S. cities pledged to protect undocumented residents by not prosecuting them for breaking federal immigration law. Dozens of U.S. cities have since declared themselves sanctuaries, including New York City, San Francisco, Chicago, New Orleans, Oakland and Seattle. What this actually means in practice can vary. Some cities bar police from asking about people's immigration status. Others won't detain people, on the request of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, if they are accused of minor offences. Sanctuary declarations are not legally binding, say experts. “You can call yourself a sanctuary university, but it doesn't have a legal meaning,” says Stephen Yale-Loehr, a Cornell law professor who specializes in immigration. University officials cannot legally block federal immigration agents from entering public spaces on campus if they have a warrant — although they can choose not to volunteer information that might lead to an arrest. Cornell doesn't track the immigration status of students when they register or apply for financial aid, according an official. Yale-Loehr estimates there are about 50 to 100 Cornell students who are undocumented or are covered under DACA. Yale-Loehr does not believe federal agents will knock on students' doors any time soon, even under Trump. He predicts they will prioritize undocumented immigrants who have committed crimes. U.S. immigration courts are also backlogged, and Trump would have to significantly increase spending if he wants to deport any large fraction of the estimated 11 million people living in the U.S. without legal status. Still, the issue is a demoralizing one for the DREAMers, and their supporters. If Trump instructed federal agents to move in on campuses to deport undocumented students en masse, they could — although it would be unprecedented in modern American history. “Cornell is a liberal bubble and we were blindsided by the Trump victory,” said Cody Moris, a 19-year-old Cornell student and member of the campus' Amnesty International. “It's a real wake-up call. We need to mobilize.”
Read more about:
PCGameSupply - $20 Sony PSN credit for $18.
Just stumbled across this deal. Not as good as the old $10 credit for $7, but it's a bit better than the Green Man Gaming deal of 8%.
Looks like you can only buy one card. I purchased one, and now when I click on the $20 card, it's shows up full price for me.
Also, looks like only an hour or so to go on this deal, so hurry!
Singapore is also the 9th most expensive city in the Asia Pacific for expats, according to a survey by ECA International.
SINGAPORE: Singapore remained outside of the top 20 most expensive locations in the world for expatriates, according to the latest cost of living survey by ECA International.
In a press release on Tuesday (Dec 12), the consultancy firm said Singapore was ranked 21st most expensive in the world and 9th most expensive city in the Asia Pacific region for expatriates, according to the survey.
In the same survey published in June, Singapore was ranked 24th most expensive globally and 10th in the Asia Pacific. It was ranked 16th most expensive globally and 9th in the Asia Pacific last December.
“European currencies have performed very strongly over the past 12 months, outpacing many other currencies in the world - including the Singapore dollar,” said ECA International's regional director for Asia Lee Quane.
“This has resulted in Singapore slipping down the rankings slightly, with some of the more expensive European cities rising above it in the table," he added.
ECA International said Asian cities now lead the way as the most expensive locations to live in, with more than half of the top 50 most expensive locations surveyed this year being in Asia.
Advertisement
Advertisement
A total of 26 of the top 50 entries were Asian cities, with 14 Chinese cities alone featured on the list compared with four EU cities and three from the US making it into the top 50.
Tokyo has maintained its position as the most expensive location in the region for expatriates, while Hong Kong and Seoul are the next two most expensive cities in the Asia Pacific respectively.
Angolan capital Luanda remained the most expensive city in the world, while Khartoum in Sudan rose 19 places to be ranked second in the world and Zurich remained third most expensive.
ECA International said the twice-yearly survey is to help companies calculate cost of living allowances so that their employees' spending power is not compromised while on international assignments. The surveys compare a basket of like-for-like consumer goods and services commonly purchased by assignees in 470 locations worldwide, excluding certain living costs such as accommodation and school fees, which are usually covered by separate allowances.
Jason Krell and Aly Velji discuss changing up your celebration style as we prepare for Thanksgiving. Spend more time with family rather than with the turkey in the kitchen by having a cocktail party.
Retired Leafs player, Darcy Tucker drops by the studio to surprise the Ted Reeve Tornados—a GTA hockey team that gives their all, both on and off the ice.
Against Boston Red Sox ace Rick Porcello, a three-run first inning is considered a major offensive outburst.
And for the longest time on Tuesday night at the Rogers Centre, it looked like it was going to be enough for the Blue Jays to get a jump on the runway train that is their AL East rival.
If only it was that easy, as closer Roberto Osuna squandered a brilliant starting effort from J.A. Happ to force extra innings.
In the end, Curtis Granderson saved the day for the Jays however, belting a solo, walk-off home run to right field in the bottom of the 10th to give the Jays a 4-3 win over the Sox.
It should never have gotten that far, of course, given that Osuna was handed the ball and a 3-1 lead in the bottom of the ninth. Osuna blew his first save of the season, allowing two Red Sox runs in the top of the ninth, but the Jays came back with the dramatic Granderson blast, the fourth walk off homer of his career.
As strong as Porcello has been this season, the Jays had a sensational starter of their own in big lefty Happ.
Happ has been the rock of the rotation so far as Marcus Stroman has struggled and Aaron Sanchez steadily returns to form after missing most of the 2017 season.
And on Tuesday, Happ was on. Facing the most prolific offence in the big leagues so far this season, Happ struck out 10 and allowed just four hits and one run through seven innings of work.
While there was no panic after winning just one of four against the Yankees in New York on the weekend, getting first blood against the Sox was a notable accomplishment.
As well, the Jays improved to 8-3 at the Rogers Centre this season after winning just two of their first 11 here last year.
The Red Sox, meanwhile, lost their third in a row and suddenly the Jays are just three back in the AL East.
Happ has been particularly solid against a division known for killer bats over the past few seasons. In nine starts against AL East opponents last season, Happ had a 2.21 ERA and in four games against the Red Sox allowed just five earned runs over 23.2 innings.
On Tuesday, he was particularly sharp, feeding off the aggressive Red Sox hitters, who like to swing early in an at-bat. That helped keep his pitch count down and the Boston hitters swatting at his fastball.
“If he's on and he's got life to his fastball and he's locating it pretty good, he's going to be tough on anybody,” Jays manager John Gibbons said. “He definitely has a different approach than the other guys.”
NOT A RELIEF
Staked to a two-run lead, Osuna came in to pitch the ninth looking for his seventh save in as many attempts. And it wasn't too be.
The inning started ominously with a leadoff single to the Sox Hanley Ramirez. After striking out J.D. Ramirez, Osuna allowed another single to Rafael Devers and the Sox had multiple runners on base for just the second time in the game.
Eduardo Nunez delivered with yet another single to score a run and pull the Sox to within one with runners on the corners and one out.
But Osuna then struck out Jackie Bradley Jr. before walking Christian Vazquez to load the bases. Enter Brock Holt, who singled to drive in the tying run.
Granderson gunned down Nunez, who would have been the go-ahead run, at the plate and it was on to extra innings.
The blown save was particularly aggravating for Osuna, who had multiple fastballs clocked at 98 mph. He appeared to have a strikeout on Vazquez with a high in the zone strike that was called a ball.
The two runs were the first two allowed by Osuna this season in his 10 appearances.
PUTTING IT TO PORCELLO
While the Jays didn't exactly light up Porcello, who held them to just three hits, there was enough damage early on to set up the win.
Consider that the brilliant Red Sox righty entered the game with just one earned run allowed in the previous 19.1 innings and a 13-inning scoreless streak, it was going to be a tough assignment.
But the Jays got to him just enough in the third thanks in part to a leadoff walk by Steve Pearce, followed by a Russell Martin single and a fielder's choice by Kevin Pillar to drive in one run.
When Aledmys Diaz and Devon Travis also reached, a Granderson single brought in two more.
AROUND THE BASES
Among the many troubles for the Jays last season was their struggles against the Sox, who had a 13-6 margin in the season series … Among those who had the most trouble with Happ was Boston's Andrew Benitendi, who fanned three times … Third baseman Josh Donaldson continues to progress to a return from shoulder inflammation and is expected to play in some minor league games in Florida this week. Donaldson was eligible to come off the disabled list this past Saturday but the team decided not to rush his return.
The Mississippi Bend Area Education Agency and Regional Office of Education is hosting its Teacher Job Fair on Monday, April 9, 2018, at the Mississippi Bend AEA located at 729 21st Street in Bettendorf, from 2:00 p.m. - 5:00 p.m. The purpose of the Teacher Job Fair is to bring school districts looking for teachers together with teachers looking for jobs.
All prospective and current teachers and administrators are invited to attend the Teacher Job Fair. This event will be an opportunity to talk to school district representatives from Illinois and Iowa at no charge. Please bring copies of your resume. Licensure information for Iowa/Illinois will be available.
To register for this event, go to www.mbaea.org and click on the Teacher Job Fair rotating banner. For questions, contact Dawn Meier at 563-344-6411 or dmeier@mbaea.org.
Toronto police said the woman was walking across the street near Finch Avenue West and Islington Avenue when she was hit Friday morning. She later died in hospital.
Wenatchee Mayor Frank Kuntz swings by the KOHO studio to talk about property transfers with Chelan County Fire District #1 following its annexation of the city, the conclusion of the auction for the Federal Building on Yakima St., a new intersection at McKittrick St. and N. Wenatchee Ave., the WSDOT vacating their site near that intersection and future development in Olds Station.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Editor:
It has become far too common for millions of animals to be subjected to daily torment and death. Animals have no legal rights. Without strong legal protection, animals are doomed to remain helpless victims of abuse and exploitation. The Animal Legal Defense Fund (ALDF)is circulating a petition, the first ever animal bill of rights, a powerful weapon in the fight against animal abuse.
A growing chorus of American citizens are demanding strong legal protections for animals. Caring people have come to believe that the time has come to recognize animals' basic legal rights. We want to ensure that animals receive the legal protection they deserve. ALDF is fighting for their rights in courts and in the halls of Congress. In the struggle for animal rights, appeals to conscience often fall on deaf ears, but direct and effective legal action gets results. In the end, even the richest corporations and the most powerful government agencies must bend to the rule of law.
The ALDF has squared off against some of the nation's worst animal abusers and won. It has repeatedly sued the USDA for allowing cruel mistreatment of laboratory research animals, in flagrant violations of the Animal Welfare Act. It has stopped the state of North Carolina's horrific method of destroying animals. Now, puppies, dogs, and cats are free from being gassed. The manager of a factory farm in California is no longer allowed to work with animals ever again, thanks to the (ALDF) suit. After abandoning 50,000 hens, he can never harm animals again. The U.S. Department of Transportation, the Federal Highway Administration, and the California Department of Transportation are no longer allowed to use netting that killed and injured more than a hundred birds.
The Animal Legal Defense has come to be known as “the law firm of the animal rights movement.” The sad fact is, we can't wish away animals pain and suffering. But we can take action to save animals' lives, rescue them from their tormenters, and put animal abusers behind bars.
Please think about the animals who are trapped in the endless nightmare of cruelty and exploitation. Dominion does not mean exploitation. We can create a groundswell of support for the establishment of legal rights for animals. Petition your elected officials demanding their support of the first-ever animal bill of rights. We need to show them that Americans want strong legal protection for animals. Please play a key role in abolishing animal abuse and advancing the legal rights of animals. For further information, petitions, and the names of your local legislators contact aldf.org.
Patricia Marks
Wikles-Barre
Hyundai Motor Co. on Tuesday launched the "Extreme edition" of the Tucson sport-utility vehicle fitted with premium features as part of its effort to strengthen its lineup.
The 2.0-liter, diesel-powered Tucson SUV's exterior contains a dark chrome radiator grille, dual twin-tip mufflers, a rear skid plate, 19-inch wheels and front disc brakes that can allow drivers to hit the road with confidence, the company said in a statement.
In terms of interior features, red-brown color leather seats and a black dashboard accent line add a premium look to the Extreme version of the Tuscon SUV, it said.
The Extreme Tucson mated with a six-speed automatic transmission sells at 29.3 million won ($26,000) in the domestic market. Other 2.0-liter Tucson diesel models are priced at 24-30 million won depending on features.
The regular face-lifted 2017 Tucson SUVs are fitted with a 1.7-liter diesel engine or 1.6-liter gasoline turbo engine. They are equipped with a seven-speed dual clutch transmission and are available in local dealerships for less than 28 million won.
Hyundai's Tucson 'Extreme' SUV (Hyundai Motor)
Most of upgraded Tucson SUVs now carry an air filter capable of capturing ultra-fine particles and a safety unlocking system that allows the driver, with one press of the unlock button, to unlock only his or her door.A day earlier, Hyundai launched the upgraded EQ900 (G90) flagship sedan lineup all fitted with premium features such as the safety unlocking system, high-performance air filter and leather seating.The 2017 EQ900 came in four versions, a 3.8 gasoline engine model, a 3.3 gasoline turbo engine model, a 5.0 gasoline model and a 5.0 gasoline limousine. They are priced at between 75 million won and 154 million won."We have yet to decide on whether to sell the 2017 Tucson and 2017 EQ900 in overseas markets," a company spokesman said. (Yonhap)
The Year of the Quarterback.
That label was affixed to this draft class a year ago, with a bevy of highly regarded signal-callers dotting the college football landscape. Did every QB live up to the sky-high expectations that accompanied this group at the outset of 2017? Not exactly. But the position is still poised to define the 2018 NFL Draft, with several quarterbacks expected to come off the board within the first 10 selections on Thursday night. That's just the nature of the beast in a QB-infatuated league. We can debate the merits of Sam Darnold, Josh Rosen, Baker Mayfield and Josh Allen as top-tier draft prospects, but there's no denying that several teams are clamoring for their services. It appears this quartet will be selected quite early, simply due to the vast array of organizations desperate to find a QB1 to build around.
To me, this is crazy. Not to disparage this QB class -- I think it offers an assortment of intriguing prospects with diverse skill sets and definite upside. But when I'm thinking about making a selection in the first half of the first round, I want more of a sure thing. And as I touched on in my notebook a month ago, there's more enticing high-end talent at other positions.
While this draft class will almost certainly be judged by the success -- or lack thereof -- of the highly drafted quarterbacks, that neglects most of the talent in the group. Don't let the "Year of the Quarterback" label fool you -- there's intrigue across the board, in the first round and beyond ...
At running back, the 2018 class is absolutely loaded with talented playmakers boasting versatile skills. Saquon Barkley is the obvious headliner, as a dynamic combo back with exceptional all-around abilities. The Penn State star is the best overall prospect in this draft -- his position's somewhat-limited value is the only reason why he's not considered the consensus choice at No. 1. With LSU's Derrius Guice, Georgia's Sony Michel, USC's Ronald Jones II and San Diego State's Rashaad Penny also considered fine talents, teams looking for running backs can uncover a gem beyond Round 1.
This year's collection of pass catchers lacks a marquee WR1, but it's loaded with playmakers at tight end. South Carolina's Hayden Hurst, South Dakota State's Dallas Goedert and Penn State's Mike Gesicki could create problems on the outside as hybrid playmakers. While I believe Alabama's Calvin Ridley is a potential WR1 in the NFL, there are several evaluators with higher grades on pass catchers like Maryland's D.J. Moore and SMU's Courtland Sutton.
The 2018 O-line class is full of question marks at offensive tackle, but it provides plenty of rock-solid interior options. Notre Dame's Quenton Nelson is viewed as a transcendent star at guard, with a nasty game that's earned him universal praise as a dominant road grader. Iowa C James Daniels, Georgia OG Isaiah Wynn, UTEP OG Will Hernandez and Ohio State C Billy Price are Day 1 starters.
On the defensive side of the ball, this class lacks depth at pass rusher, but teams are excited about the prospects of N.C. State's Bradley Chubb growing into a monster off the edge. UTSA's Marcus Davenport and Boston College's Harold Landry show promise off the edge, but need a little more seasoning before they can evolve into dominant playmakers. On the inside, Washington's Vita Vea is a 6-foot-4, 347-pound freak who projects as an ideal 3-4 nose tackle. Meanwhile, Michigan's Maurice Hurst, Florida's Taven Bryan and Alabama's Da'Ron Payne offer disruptive capability as interior pass rushers.
The linebacker crew is packed with dynamic playmakers. Georgia's Roquan Smith and Virginia Tech's Tremaine Edmunds are top-10 talents with the combination of speed, quickness and instincts that defensive coordinators covet in second-level players. Not to mention, they are also capable of harassing quarterbacks as explosive blitzers. Alabama's Rashaan Evans frequently gets lost in the shuffle, but teams looking for a mean-mugging traffic cop love his playmaking potential between the tackles.
The 2018 class of defensive backs features a number of explosive athletes with high football IQs and versatile skills. The safety group offers multi-positional playmakers like Florida State's Derwin James and Alabama's Minkah Fitzpatrick -- both capable of thriving in various roles in the back end. At cornerback, the playmaking potential of Ohio State's Denzel Ward, UCF's Mike Hughes, Louisville's Jaire Alexander and Iowa's Josh Jackson -- all ballhawks with solid cover skills -- has defensive coordinators around the league excited about the possibility of adding a young impact player on the perimeter.
Long story short: This draft provides intrigue all over the field. Yes, the quarterbacks receive the bulk of the headlines -- that's always the case -- but don't give the other spots short shrift.
In fact, today I'd like to spotlight 26 particular prospects -- six elite talents, 15 difference makers and five wild cards with high upside -- and of the 26, only three play quarterbacks. Let's get into it:
ALL-PROS
These are the elite prospects in the class. They should rank among the top five players at their respective positions in two to three years. I've ordered them according to how they grade out in my book.
1) Saquon Barkley, RB, Penn State
2) Bradley Chubb, DE, N.C. State
3) Roquan Smith, LB, Georgia
4) Derwin James, S, Florida State
5) Denzel Ward, CB, Ohio State
6) Quenton Nelson, OG, Notre Dame
PRO BOWLERS
These prospects are regarded as difference makers based on their raw talent. They should make immediate contributions as rookies and rank among the top 10 at their position within two to three years. I've ordered them according to how they grade out in my book.
1) Josh Rosen, QB, UCLA
2) Sam Darnold, QB, USC
3) Tremaine Edmunds, LB, Virginia Tech
4) Minkah Fitzpatrick, DB, Alabama
5) Derrius Guice, RB, LSU
6) Harold Landry, Edge, Boston College
7) Vita Vea, DT, Washington
8) Calvin Ridley, WR, Alabama
9) Mike Hughes, CB, UCF
10) James Daniels, C, Iowa
11) Sony Michel, RB, Georgia
12) Rashaan Evans, LB, Alabama
13) Billy Price, C, Ohio State
14) Will Hernandez, OG, UTEP
15) Marcus Davenport, Edge, UTSA
RED STAR PLAYERS
On the "Move the Sticks" podcast, Daniel Jeremiah and I routinely discuss how scouts will stand on the table for guys they believe will outperform their draft slot. In the scouting world, these players are called "red star" guys because they are destined to make their mark in the league despite not being the most ballyhooed prospects. After surveying the 2018 class for players with the right skills and intangibles to surpass most expectations, here are my five red-star prospects to watch.
Lamar Jackson, QB, Louisville: The 2016 Heisman Trophy winner hasn't been celebrated as one of the top quarterbacks in the class, but it's hard to ignore a dynamic athlete with A+ arm talent and playmaking ability. Jackson eclipsed 3,500 passing yards and 1,500 rushing yards in back-to-back seasons, improving his completion rate and overall efficiency in the process. Despite being erroneously perceived by many as a typical spread-option quarterback, Jackson's experience in a pro-style offense under the tutelage of a hard-nosed coach (Bobby Petrino) should help him assimilate to the pro game quicker than most expect. If he lands with the right team led by a creative coach, the Louisville standout could evolve into a more polished version of Michael Vick. Just ask Vick himself.
Sam Hubbard, DE, Ohio State: The former high school lacrosse player is an explosive hybrid with the athleticism and movement skills to make an impact off the edge. Whether acting as a disruptive pass rusher racing around the corner or a Swiss Army Knife, stand-up player in a 3-4, Hubbard's unique skills could make him a star on Sundays. With teams looking for solid options on the edges, Hubbard is a safe bet to at least carve out a nice career.
Harrison Phillips, DT, Stanford: Dominant defenses always employ at least a few blue-collar guys. That's why I'm willing to bet on Phillips being a productive starter for a team as an interior defender. The Cardinal standout is a rock-solid defender at the point of attack, exhibiting exceptional strength, power and leverage against single- and double-teams. As a former wrestler with a no-nonsense attitude, Phillips is the kind of "hard hat and lunch pail" player who logs 10-plus years in the league.
Christian Kirk, WR, Texas A&M: Despite being generally pegged as a slot, Kirk might end up being the best receiver in the draft, with the potential to blossom into a WR1 on the outside. The 5-foot-10, 200-pound pass catcher is a polished route runner with sticky hands and electric running skills. Kirk can deliver splash plays on vertical routes or catch-and-run concepts that allow him to shine as a Steve Smith-like playmaker on the perimeter. Although he doesn't fit the typical profile of a No. 1 receiver, I wouldn't rule out Kirk becoming just that, based on his athleticism, skill set and blue-collar mentality.
Kalen Ballage, RB, Arizona State: The 6-1, 228-pound playmaker is rarely discussed as one of the top running backs in the class, but teams looking for a big back with skills as a runner and receiver might uncover a gem in this ASU product. Ballage has the potential to emerge as a Le'Veon Bell-like threat, with the size and speed to hurt defenses as a runner and the explosiveness to torch linebackers as a receiver. Although he needs to add some more grit to his game, Ballage's talents as a multi-purpose back could make him an unexpected star in the league.
Follow Bucky Brooks on Twitter @BuckyBrooks.
Three seasons later, the hugest TV show of the modern era is still winning! Season 1 – wonderful! Season 2 – terrific! Season 3 – phenomenal! Get the popcorn ready and call your therapist, because Season 4 is here!
For those who have just joined us, The Trump House is a (fictional) reality TV show set in the White House. It was the brainchild of Ivanka Trump, who saw an opportunity to increase the value of the Trump brand.
The show has been categorized as a drama/tragedy. It has been described as a crossover of Dallas, Law and Order, Keeping Up with the Kardashians and the Home Shopping Network.
Season 3 recap
The phrase “three is the magic number” certainly applies to The Trump House, because Season 3 was, yes, magical.
It featured wonderful, high-quality episodes such as “Foreign Agent,” “GCHQ,” and “Something in Common?”
Without doubt, its highpoint was the visit of German Chancellor Angela Merkel. The close bond that Trump and Merkel forged during this visit has subsequently led to them being affectionately referred to as “Donela.” Watch out Melania!
Season 4 plot leaked
Always with their finger on the pulse of the nation, the show's adept producers have again leaked a list of the first 10 episodes of Season 4:
Episode 1 – Growing Pains
Episode 2 – Obamacare Will Explode
Episode 3 – Bye-Bye Environment
Episode 4 – Recusing Nunes
Episode 5 – Tomahawks
Episode 6 – Adolf Spicer
Episode 7 – MOAB
Episode 8 – I Like Steve, But…
Episode 9 – Not That Easy
Episode 10 – Tax Returns
Mother of all presidents
Content with his “huge” successes at home (where he's shrinking the state, but not Wall Street salaries), President Trump is now turning his attention to foreign policy, and he's not screwing around!
While Obama's foreign policy was, let's face it, boring, Trump's policy of strategic impatience has finally brought some long-overdue energy and excitement back to dusty old Washington!
Tomahawk cruise missile barrages in Syria, aircraft carrier groups steaming to Korea and the U.S. Air Force rearranging the geography of Afghanistan all in one week. U.S.A!
Showing just how flexible he can be (must have been the yoga – see Oval Office yoga studio in Season 2), Trump's policy positions have featured more u-turns than a driving test.
There are concerns in some quarters that deviating from his “America first” pledge could affect the support of his populist base.
However, administration officials assuaged these fears, reassuring that the President's diplomacy will surely start a war before 2020 – leading to a “round the flag effect” and raising his approval ratings. Phew!
The game of politics
Season 4 is also noteworthy for Steve Bannon's fall from grace. Bannon is Trump's right-hand man and chief White House strategist (yes, there is a strategy).
Apparently the rift occurred when Bannon beat the President three times in a row at Trump: The Game. Being beaten at literally his own board game – launched 1989, discontinued soon after – didn't go down well with the Donald who, as we know, likes “winning.”
Speaking on condition of anonymity, a White House insider who witnessed the affair recalled that Jared Kushner accused Bannon of cheating.
This was later confirmed when loaded dice were found in one of the pockets of his leather trench coat.
Bannon protested that Kushner planted the dice before the game, but Kushner had an airtight alibi – he was watching The Office with Ivanka (Season 7 Episode 1 “Nepotism” to be precise).
Bannon cheating in Trump: The Game has rocked the administration, Washington and indeed the entire country.
TIME Magazine ran a special report on the affair, featuring Bannon on the front cover with the headline “The Great Manipulator.”
He has not been available for comment and was last seen having lunch with Michael Flynn in the Russian Tea Room in New York.
Season 5 teaser
Mum's the word when it comes to Season 5. There are rumours however that one episode will involve The White House launching a hair care line called “Winning Hair.”
Another episode will apparently involve the world's first airborne McDonald's restaurant opening on Air Force One.
Grateful for the publicity, the fast food chain is rumoured to be creating a special burger in the President's honour – the McTrump (yes, with plenty of ketchup).
If Season 5 manages to live up to Seasons 1-4 (and let's face it, it will), we are in for a real treat.
The Trump House: Season 4 hits Netflix and Amazon Prime next week. A DVD and Blu-ray box set of Seasons 1-4 will also be handed out with McTrump burgers at participating McDonald's restaurants for a limited time.
Note: All proceeds from The Trump House will go the families of the victims of Donald Trump's environmental policies. #MakeAmericaEntertainingAgain
Benedict Cumberbatch is fine with delay in The Current War release: 'Want to be as far removed from Weinstein as possible'
The Current War, starring Benedict Cumberbatch, was one of the films that suffered the most due to the Harvey Weinstein revelations, but the actor is "fine" as it will help the film get rid of the "toxicity" of the disgraced producer.
The film, which focuses on the rivalry between legendary scientists Thomas Edison (Cumberbatch) and George Westinghouse (Michael Shannon), has been shelved with no new release date in sight.
"If it takes us not releasing our film for a couple of years just to be rid of that toxicity, I'm fine with that... I want to step back and be as far removed from that influence as possible, both as filmmaker and as human being," Cumberbatch told The Telegraph.
The actor previously worked with Weinstein on the 2014 film, The Imitation Game, which received eight nods at the 87th Academy Awards, including Best actor for Cumberbatch.
The actor described Weinstein as "lascivious".
"I wouldn't want to be married to him. Gaudy in his tastes, for all his often-brilliant film-making ability," he said.
But the actor made it clear that he knew nothing about Weinsein's alleged sexual transgressions.
"But did I know that was going on? A systematic abuse of women, happening through bribery, coercion, trying to gain empathy, to physical force and threats, physical and to career? No. No. That was the true shock. That this has just literally happened. And it's been covered up by an entire body of people through lawsuits and gagging and money hundreds of thousands of dollars paid to silence victims and survivors," he said.
The Current War, directed by Alfonso Gomez-Rejon, also featured Nicholas Hoult, Katherine Waterston, Tom Holland and Tuppence Middleton. The film received buzz as an early Oscar contender after it premiered at the Toronto Film Festival last year.
Updated Date: Apr 24, 2018 19:42 PM
The Montgomery Police Department is conducting a homicide investigation after a man was killed early Saturday.
MPD and Medics responded to the 2000 block of E South Boulevard around 1:30 a.m. regarding a subject shot.
Police say they found Sidney Johnson IV, 30, suffering from a fatal gunshot wound after arriving on the scene.
Copyright 2018 WSFA 12 News. All rights reserved.
Castor seeds Spot prices –February 02 Castor seed arrivals, in 75-kilogram bag: 0,37,000-0,38,000 versus 0,40,000-0,41,000 previous. * Castor seed ready, auction price, in rupees per 20 kilograms: 0,780-0,835 versus 0,750-0,830 previous
Warm in blankets, Thai boys smile, joke with rescuer in cave
Their skinny faces illuminated by a flashlight, the Thai soccer teammates stranded more than a week in a partly flooded cave said they were healthy on a video released Wednesday, as heavy rains forecast for later this week could complicate plans to safely extract them.
The 12 boys and their coach are seen sitting with Thai navy SEALs in the dark cave. The boys, many wrapped in foil warming blankets, take turns introducing themselves, folding their hands together in a traditional greeting and saying their names and that they are healthy.
The video lasting about a minute was recorded sometime Tuesday and was posted on the navy SEAL Facebook page Wednesday morning. The navy later released two more videos of the boys.
The boys, aged 11-16, and their 25-year-old coach disappeared after they went exploring in the Tham Luang Nang Non cave in northern Chiang Rai province after a soccer game June 23. The teammates, who were trapped inside when heavy rains flooded the cave, were found by rescue divers late Monday night during a desperate search that drew assistance from experts around the globe.
Authorities said the boys, who had also been shown Tuesday in a video shot by the British diver who discovered them, were being looked after by seven members of the Thai navy SEALs, including medics, who were staying with them inside the cave. They were mostly in stable condition and have received high-protein drinks.
In all of the videos the boys have appeared in good spirits. In the most recent videos a navy SEAL is shown treating minor cuts on the feet and legs of the boys with antibiotic ointment. Several of the boys are seen smiling as they interact with the navy SEAL, who cracks jokes.
Seeing the boys has boosted the mood of relatives, and officials are working to install an internet cable to the cave so that parents can talk to their children.
Kian Kamluang, whose 16-year-old son Pornchai is inside, said she had thought it was a 50 percent chance that her son would be found.
“It's like he has been given a new life,” she said, adding that she'll never let her son go into a cave or near water again.
SEAL commander Rear Adm. Arpakorn Yookongkaew said Tuesday that there was no rush to bring the group out of the cave, since they're safe where they are. The current flooding situation means the boys would have to dive, which rescue experts have said could be extremely dangerous.
While efforts to pump out floodwaters are continuing, some Thai officials have indicated that heavy rains forecast for this weekend could force them to decide the boys should swim and dive out using the same complicated route of narrow passageways through which their rescuers entered.
Chiang Rai provincial Gov. Narongsak Osatanakorn said Wednesday that the boys have been practicing wearing diving masks and breathing, but he doesn't believe they have attempted any practice dives.
He said it is unknown when an extraction could be attempted, but it is unlikely to be Wednesday.
“If it's risky or not safe, we will not proceed yet,” Narongsak said. “It has to be 100 percent safe.”
Authorities said they were still exploring other options, such as scouring the mountainside for other ways into the cave and finding faster ways to pump water from the cave.
Cave rescue experts have said it could be safest to simply supply the boys where they are for now, and wait for the water to go down. That could take months, however, given that Thailand's rainy season typically lasts through October.
The British Cave Rescue Council, which has members taking part in the operation , said in a statement that “although water levels have dropped, the diving conditions remain difficult and any attempt to dive the boys and their coach out will not be taken lightly because there are significant technical challenges and risks considering.”
Gary Mitchell, the group's assistant vice chairman, said getting out of the cave requires about a kilometer (half a mile) of diving total, though not all in one stretch, and takes about three hours.
“There's air pockets along the way,” he said. “It's confined spaces. It's almost zero visibility. There are currents to battle against in places as well. So it's a really quite a strenuous environment to be in,” he said.
Author: TASSANEE VEJPONGSA / AP
Neil Woodford, who holds Circassia in his Equity Income Fund, saw the rump of the company worth holding on to after the disaster. But who'd want…
The firm raised hundreds of millions based mainly on high hopes for its allergy treatments. But it was all for nought and the share price collapsed in June 2016 when the company's cat allergy trial failed miserably. That was followed by the complete abandonment of its associated research after a dust mite allergy trial similarly flopped.
My colleague G A Chester placed Circassia Pharmaceuticals (LSE: CIR) firmly in bargepole territory recently, and I can see why.
We will use your email address only to keep you informed about updates to our web site and about other products and services that we think might interest you. The Motley Fool respects your privacy! Please read our Privacy Statement.
Register by giving us your email below to continue reading all of the content on the site. Soon you will also begin to receive our FREE email newsletter, The Motley Fool Collective. It features straightforward advice on what's really happening with the stock market, direct to your inbox. It's designed to help you protect and grow your portfolio. (You may unsubscribe any time.)
My colleague G A Chester placed Circassia Pharmaceuticals (LSE: CIR) firmly in bargepole territory recently, and I can see why.
The firm raised hundreds of millions based mainly on high hopes for its allergy treatments. But it was all for nought and the share price collapsed in June 2016 when the company's cat allergy trial failed miserably. That was followed by the complete abandonment of its associated research after a dust mite allergy trial similarly flopped.
Neil Woodford, who holds Circassia in his Equity Income Fund, saw the rump of the company worth holding on to after the disaster. But who'd want to buy? Well, perhaps those who actually like the look of what is now a very different company, focusing on respiratory diseases, including asthma and COPD. Results for 2017, released Tuesday, looked promising to me and gave the shares a 3% boost.
The company saw sales of its NIOX asthma treatment rise by 18% to £27.3m, with direct clinical sales (excluding research sales) up 26%. The international appeal of the product was apparent, with rises in clinical revenues of 34% from the US (27% at constant exchange rates, CER) and 44% from China (36% at CER).
Partnership
Perhaps ironically, while Neil Woodford has been pruning his holding in AstraZeneca, it's with that very pharmaceuticals giant that Circassia's biggest promise for its COPD treatments currently lies. Its US commercial partnership is said to be progressing well, after a deal was finalised back in April 2017 for the two products Tudorza and Duaklir. The remainder of the year brought in £19m in profit share revenues and Duaklir‘s phase III study met its primary endpoints with AstraZeneca set to make an NDA submission this year.
The company still recorded a loss of £99.1m, although that's down from £137m a year ago, with revenues of £46.3m almost exactly double the 2016 figure. Year-end cash dropped to £59.5m from £117.4m, so there'll have to be questions over where funding is going to come from until the company reaches profitability.
But chief executive Steve Harris did point to 2018's expected “full year's contribution from our enlarged US sales team and our collaboration with AstraZeneca, ‘locking in' significant growth potential.“
So if you go for ‘jam tomorrow' young companies, I think you could do a lot worse.
Buy the strategy?
If you do fancy this kind of investment, you could buy into Woodford Patient Capital Trust (LSE: WPCT), which aims at identifying tomorrow's winners.
But there are plenty of reasons I share fellow Fool Harvey Jones's aversion, especially after reading Tuesday's full-year report. For one thing, it starts off with a big failure in Prothena, which revealed on Monday that its NEOD001 trial has failed to meet its primary endpoint and the Al Amyloidosis treatment will be abandoned.
The fund's net asset value (NAV) declined by 1.6% during the year to 91.73p, which is mildly disappointing and at 77p, the shares are selling at a discount to NAV of around 16%. That's not a vote of confidence from the markets.
I'm also turned off by the fund's top-heavy investment in four flagship companies (including Purplebricks, which I think is overvalued). So there's really not that much diversification after all.
Finally, this kind of high-risk strategy is not in line with Woodford's traditional expertise, which lies in understanding top-quality blue-chip companies. It's definitely not for me.
BOSTON -- Organizers of an extreme right-wing "free speech" rally in Boston announced on Twitter that Saturday's rally was being canceled, as local officials said there is no room for hate in the city.
Rally organizers said the city had revoked their permit, but city officials said no permit was ever applied for.
Boston Mayor Marty Walsh, Gov. Charlie Baker and top public safety officials from the state and city held a press conference on City Hall plaza Monday to discuss the planned Boston rally.
Walsh said his message to hate groups is: "Boston does not welcome you here, Boston does not want you here, Boston rejects your message." Walsh said the city rejects racism, white supremacy, anti-Semitism, terrorism, neo-Nazism and hatred.
Walsh said he planned to try to keep the group out of Boston. "We'll do anything in our power to keep hate out of our city," Walsh said.
The "Free Speech Rally" was scheduled to be held a week after a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, culminated in violence, with an alleged Nazi sympathizer driving a car into a counter-protest, killing one woman and injuring 19 people.
The Boston group claimed to be distinct from the Charlottesville group, although it appeared to have some similar speakers and supporters.
Monday on Twitter, organizers said the rally was being canceled because the City of Boston denied them a permit.
The #Boston rally for #freespeech has officially been canceled. The mayor pulled the permit and ANTIFA threatened to attack the speakers. pic.twitter.com/oeyYHivvdO -- Laura Loomer (@LauraLoomer) August 14, 2017
I am not going to the Boston rally anymore. Mayor revoking permit = "I want a riot." #ProudBoys DISAVOW. pic.twitter.com/36a6Vo4k8z -- Gavin McInnes (@Gavin_McInnes) August 14, 2017
However, both Walsh and Boston Police Commissioner William Evans said the group never applied for a permit. Evans said the police were still trying to figure out exactly who the organizers were, and they appeared to be different from the group that held another free speech rally in Boston in May.
Walsh said he planned to ask organizers to postpone their rally because of the Charlottesville incident. "Emotion and wounds and pain is very fresh from what happened in Virginia," Walsh said.
Walsh and Evans said if the group did come, the city would be open to free speech but would not tolerate violence or incitement to violence, threatening behavior or vandalism.
Evans said the police were prepared to work with the organizers to define the parameters of any permit and make sure the protesters remain safe. However, he said rally organizers never applied for a permit or contacted the police or the city.
While a permit is not needed to assemble on Boston Common, it is needed to use a stage or amplifier or to march in the streets.
Evans said the police have a good plan in place to keep both the free speech ralliers and anticipated counter-protesters safe and in separate areas. "We're often as police officers thrust in middle of protecting groups we don't necessarily agree with," Evans said. "That can be the case on Saturday when this group wants to come to Boston Common."
The death of Tanzanian University of Johannesburg student Baraka Leonard Nafari potentially marks the first known violent xenophobic attack on a South African university campus. However, research shows that African students in South Africa routinely face xenophobic sentiment. By LAURA FREEMAN and JENNY LEE.
On Friday, 23 February, Tanzanian University of Johannesburg PhD student Baraka Leonard Nafari was killed in what may be South Africa's first known violent xenophobic attack on a university campus. The attack began off campus, and CCTV footage allegedly shows Nafari and another UJ student running onto campus as they are pursued by two men in a taxi. In an interview with City Press, a colleague and friend of Nafari explained that, “From the footage we saw it was clear that the taxi deliberately struck Baraka against the fence of the Sophiatown residence and killed him.” Nafari's brother, Uwezo Gwiliye, further stated, “it seems as though he (Nafari) was the target, even though there were two of them”.
The attack is thought to be motivated by xenophobic, anti-foreigner sentiment, with the driver allegedly labelling Nafari “kwerekwere”. According to Marc Gbaffou, chairperson of the African Diaspora Forum (ADF), Nafari may have been a “soft target” because he was wearing African attire that day and he “could be easily identified as a non-South African citizen”.
A case of culpable homicide has been opened by the Brixton SAPS, but, according to reports, the driver has not been arrested on these charges. ADF Marc Gbaffou states, “(t)he information we have indicates that the driver's mother is a powerful taxi owner in the area, which could be the reason why the taxi driver was only charged with driving without a license and released on bail the same day.”
He adds, “the second person who was in the taxi and seen on the CCTV camera to get out of the taxi and attack Baraka physically, was not even charged by the police”.
While the death of Nafari potentially marks a gruesome first – a violent xenophobic attack at a South African Higher Education Institution (HEI) – it does not mark the first incidence of xenophobia against African students.
To set the context, it's important to understand patterns of discrimination against perceived or actual “foreigners” in South Africa. Whereas xenophobic violence has tended to be located in contested urban spaces, xenophobic attitudes in South Africa are widespread. Public opinion surveys from the 1990s onwards show high levels of anti-foreigner sentiment across socio-demographic markers, class, and racial divides.
A 2006 survey by the Southern African Migration Project found that 78% of South Africans wanted restrictions on migration, and nearly 50% wanted all migrants to be deported (regardless of their status). Research analysing South African Social Attitude Surveys from 2003-2012 similarly showed “the alarming and widespread pervasiveness of anti-immigrant sentiment”.
According to the 2013 World Values Survey data, 42.8% of South African respondents wouldn't want immigrations or foreign workers as neighbours. More recent research has shown that individuals who are in vulnerable positions (with fewer support mechanisms) and those who have less contact with immigrants are more likely to oppose them. And results from the 2017 South African Reconciliation Barometer show high levels of distrust towards non-nationals, the most distrusted group being Africans (as shown in the chart, below).
In this regard, government denials of xenophobia are both inaccurate and deeply unhelpful. However, government officials (past and present) have denied it again, again and again.
Research specific to international students at South Africa's tertiary institutions shows that sentiments against internationals are not uniformly negative. Based on a recent study of 1702 international students at seven tertiary institutions across South Africa, those originating from within Africa reported more discrimination than those from outside the continent.
Students of South Africa's largest migratory group, Zimbabweans, felt the most mistreated. When asked about the possible reasons for discrimination, a significantly higher proportion of Africans (38%) felt the reasons were due to their nationality compared to non-Africans (23%). Moreover, Zimbabweans (48%) were more likely to indicate problems due to their nationality than other African students (34%).
Meanwhile, students from Europe and North America generally felt welcome. The research suggests neo-nationalism – a preference for some nationalities above others – as more prevalent than general xenophobia.
The same study indicated that most of the negative incidents were reported to have occurred off campus. Similar to the Nafari case, past reports include harassment from locals, such as a taxi driver cursing and yelling, “If not for Mandela, you would not be in South Africa and now that he is dead, you better go back!”
Others reported difficulties in accessing basic services, such as accommodation and bank accounts, as well as being charged higher payments compared to locals without just cause. This tendency likely reflects the larger political and economic contexts of discrimination, which views internationals as threats and treats them as scapegoats to blame for locals' hardships. Such hostility can permeate to university spaces.
While university settings are normally considered relatively safe, international students have reported xenophobic and neo-national experiences both on and off-campus. Such incidents include negative stereotyping from professors and social exclusion from peers.
With ongoing xenophobia and neo-nationalism in South Africa, there have already been reports of drops in the enrolment of international students at universities. Some of those already enrolled shared their regrets. According to a Zimbabwean student, “I am always in constant fear of xenophobic attacks. If I wasn't halfway through I'd change universities and return home.”
Besides fears of unsafety, there are ongoing challenges to secure study visas. International students reported receiving obscure or conflicting information, lack of follow-through, and often times resistance. Such hurdles can easily be interpreted as fighting to enter an unwelcome country.
In the words of one respondent, “getting a South African visa is like you are going to a war.” Students also shared having to delay their studies and knowing of others who decided to study elsewhere as a result of their visa challenges. Many others reported how the stress of confirming their visa status negatively impacted their studies. A student stated, “I can't even do my work. I wasn't even happy. I regretted coming to the university.”
According to Professor Maxi Shoeman, during 2017 alone, more than 100 international students accepted to the University of Pretoria were still waiting for permits. She said, “(a)lthough this could be due to simple incompetence at embassies, it was being perceived as a deliberate way of trying to keep foreigners out”.
There are also cases of local South Africans being mistaken as internationals and feeling demeaned. According to one account, a South African student described how she was labelled a foreigner because the postgraduate student she was conversing with did not know Limpopo, where she originated, was in South Africa.
While universities are typically safer environments for enrolled international students, there are more institutions can do. The response of the University of Johannesburg to this incident appears to have been slow. While Nafari was murdered on 23 February, the university only released an internal statement on 2 March, which is when the case began to be reported in local and African media. Similarly, the university appears to have been slow to cooperate with the police, only sharing the CCTV footage around the same time.
Public accountability and safety should not be secondary to the preservation of a university's image or delaying bureaucracy. Rather, as Gbaffou commented: “Institutions should take the lead on resolving critical questions including xenophobia attitude.”
Such leadership could entail forums that educate the public on the positive role and contributions of internationals, statements from leaders condemning xenophobic acts and attitudes, and increasing support for international students, particularly potential neo-nationalism targets (ie African students).
Discussions around xenophobia on campuses must not be tackled in isolation. As Professor Loren Landau of the University of Witwatersrand's African Centre for Migration & Society (ACMS) states: “We are not going to address xenophobia on campuses until we can open up the discussion of discrimination. In SA we are fixated by racial bias. If we're lucky, people recognise discrimination against women and LGBTIQ people. These matter and should be discussed. However, universities – and state institutions generally – have been relatively unwilling to talk about ethnicity, origin (even within South Africa), or class as bases on which people are discriminated against every day. Xenophobia can't just be singled out if we are to find a way to build more inclusive campuses.”
All too frequently, international students are invisible; they often do not report discrimination to university or public officials, sometimes out of fear that they will only draw negative attention or worse, be deported. Starting from visa challenges to social experiences once enrolled, why should discriminate individuals trust a system that seems to hurt them? Thus, rather than passively waiting for conditions to worsen or slowly reacting after violence occurs, university and public leaders must pro-actively educate the public and keep our international students safe. DM
Jenny Lee is a Professor of higher education at the University of Arizona and a Visiting Scholar at the University of Cape Town's Centre for Higher Education Development (CHED). Her research focuses on the internationalisation of tertiary education, including neo-nationalism in HEIs in the US, South Korea and South Africa
Laura Freeman is an independent migration and conflict consultant, with a focus on xenophobia in South Africa. She is also a Research Associate at the University of Cape Town's Safety & Violence Initiative (SaVI)
Photo: Hundreds protest during an anti xenophobia march organised by the African Diaspora Forum in Johannesburg, South Africa, 28 March 2017. Photo: EPA/CORNELL TUKIRI
By Hideyuki Sano
| TOKYO
TOKYO U.S. stock futures dipped and Asian shares were on the defensive on Thursday after a media report that U.S. President Donald Trump is being investigated by a special counsel for possible obstruction of justice.Investors' appetite for riskier assets was also dampened by soft U.S. data and after the Federal Reserve raised interest rates as expected and gave its first clear outline on its plan to reduce its $4.2-trillion bond portfolio.Weak inflation readings, in particular, cast doubt on the Fed's view that the economy is continuing to strengthen.S&P mini futures dipped 0.2 percent in early Asian trade after the Washington Post reported that Trump is being investigated by special counsel Robert Mueller for possible obstruction of justice.Mueller is investigating alleged Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. presidential election and possible collusion with the Trump campaign. Trump's legal team denounced the report.The news came just after the No. 3 Republican in the House of Representatives, Steve Scalise, was shot by a gunman angry with Trump and other Republicans. Scalise was listed in critical condition.MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan dipped 0.1 percent while Japan's Nikkei fell 0.4 percent.Asian markets were also waiting to see if China's central bank would follow the Fed with another round of money market rate increases, as it did in March. But traders were divided over the possibility, with some analysts noting the yuan is in better than a few months ago while liquidity in China has already been tightening.
The U.S. dollar bounced back from seven-month low against a basket of currencies after the Federal Reserve raised interest rates and gave a first clear outline on its plan to reduce its $4.2-trillion portfolio of bonds.Fed Chair Janet Yellen said the process could start "relatively soon", while projections of Federal Reserve Board members also showed they expect one more rate hike by the end of year.Yet the Fed's decision was over-shadowed by surprisingly weak U.S. economic data released before the rate announcement.Consumer prices unexpectedly fell on month in May and the annual increase in core CPI slipped to 1.7 percent, the smallest rise since May 2015, after advancing 1.9 percent in April.Retail sales fell 0.3 percent last month -- the largest fall since January 2016 and way below economists' expectations for a 0.1 percent gain -- amid declining purchases of motor vehicles and discretionary spending.
The data had knocked the dollar and U.S. bond yields to its lowest level in seven months against a basket of currencies. The dollar index had fallen to as low as 96.323 on Wednesday, having shed nearly six percent on the year, before bouncing back a tad on the Fed's policy tightening.The euro traded at $1.1210, after having hit a seven-month high of $1.1296.The dollar fetched 109.35 yen, not far from Wednesday's eight-week low of 108.81 yen.
The 10-year U.S. Treasuries yield had slipped to as low as 2.103 percent and last stood at 2.129 percent."You cannot help the impression that there is a gap between the Fed's bullish inflation forecast and the weakness in actual data," said Daisuke Uno, chief strategist at Sumitomo Mitsui Bank."The Fed seems to think the weakness is temporary. But that view will be tested in coming months," he added.Money market instruments such as Fed fund futures show market players see the likelihood of one more rate hike this year as less than 50 percent.Crude oil prices were listless after having slumped nearly 4 percent to their lowest close in seven months on Wednesday, on an unexpected large build in gasoline inventories.Brent crude futures slipped another 0.4 percent in early Asian trade to $46.83 per barrel, near a five-month low of $46.64 touched in early May.Many other commodity prices are also under pressure. Thomson Reuters CRB index tumbled to 14-month lows, having fallen almost 12 percent from this year's high hit in January. (Editing by Kim Coghill)
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed.
A selection of events planned for youngsters and their families — see other calendar listings for more comprehensive coverage of area performances and activities.
SPECIAL EVENTS
Summer Camp at Westport Historical Society, 25 Avery Pl., Westport. The camp is for children ages 7-12. Each week-long session meets from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. and features a special theme, including a day-long field trips to Adams Academy, the Compo Beach and Wilton Historical Society along with an end of camp Friday celebration. The camp dates are New World Explorers, June 25-29, History Detectives, Aug.13-17,Global Archaeologists, Aug. 20-24:Aug. 20-24. Info: westporthistory.org
NATURE
The Maritime Aquarium at Norwalk, 10 North Water St., Norwalk; 203-852-0700 or maritimeaquarium.org; open daily, 10-5 (closed Thanksgiving and Christmas); sharks, seals, river otters, sea turtles, jellies and more than 100 other species; Marine Lab, Ocean Playspace for toddlers, seal feedings at 11:45 a.m. and 1:45 and 3:45 p.m. daily. Fish Tales for preschoolers, Fri., 10:15-11 a.m. Special exhibits: Meerkats, Dragons, Journey with Jellies displays of local and exotic species. Sensory-Friendly Morning on April 29 is for folks with sensory-processing differences.
Connecticut Audubon Society Center at Fairfield, 2325 Burr St., Fairfield; adm. $2/adults, $1/children; 203-259-6305 x109 or ctaudubon.org: 155-acre wildlife sanctuary, 7 miles of trails through woodlands, streams, meadows, marshes, ponds, open daily dawn to dusk; Birds of Prey compound; nature center w/exhibits and Nature Store, open Mon.-Sat., 10-3.
New Canaan Nature Center, 144 Oenoke Ridge, New Canaan, 203-966-9577; satellite site for NY Botanical Garden programs (800-322-6924); buildings open Mon.-Sat., 9-4 (closed major holidays); Saturday Explorers Club, 2 Sat./month for ages 6 and up and families, 1:30-2:45; First Saturdays, 1st Sat. of the month, free guided activities for visitors, 10 a.m.-1 p.m.; Free Live Animal Presentations, Sat. at 3, lasting 15-20 min., dif. animal each week.
Darien Nature Center, 120 Brookside Rd.; free adm. Mon.-Fri., 9-4; Sat., 9-1; 203-655-7459: Ongoing exhibits.
Devil's Den/Lucius Pond Ordway Preserve, a Nature Conservancy property, 33 Pent Rd., Weston; open dawn too dusk to passive recreation; 20 miles of trails; info., concerns, 860-455-0716; natureconservancy.org.
Woodcock Nature Center, 56 Deer Run Rd., Wilton; center open 9:30-5, Tues.-Sat., two-plus miles of trails open daily, dawn to dusk; reg. in advance for programs, 203-762-7280; www.woodcocknature center.org.
Audubon Greenwich, 528 Riversville Rd., Greenwich; program fees: $5/adults, $3/children, srs. (incl. adm. to Center & Grounds); trails open dawn to dusk weekends; Kimberlin Nature Center open daily, 9-5; nature store open Tues.-Sat., 9-5; 203-869-5272 or email [email protected]
Stepping Stones Museum, 303 West Ave., Norwalk; open daily 10-5, Memorial Day-Labor Day, and Tues.-Sun., Labor Day through Memorial Day; adm. $15/adults and children (under 1, free), $10/srs.; Early Childhood Classes for ages 6 mon.-6 yrs. and After School Adventures for grades 3-12, reg. online; other ongoing events; Around the World Creative Kids, programs Sat. at 2; steppingstonesmuseum.org or call 203-899-0606.
Stamford Museum and Nature Center, 39 Scofieldtown Rd., Stamford; adm. $10/adults, $8/srs. (65+), $6/students (18+ valid ID), $5/children 4-17; 203-322-1646 or www.stamfordmuseum.org: Heckscher Farm, daily, 9-5 (Heckscher WILD! new live exotic animal exhibit); Bendel Mansion (main building), Mon.-Sat., 9-5, Sun., 11-5.
Earthplace, The Nature Discovery Center, 10 Woodside Lane, Westport; open Mon.-Sat., 9-5, Sun., 1-4 (closed major holidays); adm. $7/adults, $5/ages 1-12 & srs.; free adm. to trails and property, daily 7 a.m.-dusk; interactive nature museum, live wildlife; Story and Animal Program, Thur.-Fri., 10-10:30 a.m., age 5 and younger, free w/adm.; Nature Encounters, every Sat. at 2:30, free w/adm.; Animal Feeding, Mon., Wed., Fri. at 11 a.m., Animal Hall, and Tues., Thurs., Sat., Birds of Prey at 4 p.m., free w/adm.; 203-227-7253; earthplace.org.
Connecticut's Beardsley Zoo, 1875 Noble Ave., Bridgeport; open daily 9-4; adults $14, children 3-11 and seniors, $11, under 3, free; beardsleyzoo.org. Amazing Animal Adventures, every Thurs.-Sun., 10-2. Picnic Presentations, every Thurs.-Sun., noon.
EverWonder Children's Museum, 31 Pecks Lane, Newtown; open Tues.-Sat., 10 a.m.-5 p.m., Sun., 11 a.m.-5 p.m.; adm. $7 for visitors older than 1; info., everwondermuseum.org: Story Lab for Young Explorers Tues. and Thurs., 10:30-11 a.m. New Art Lab projects, Straw Logic Puzzles and Life Cycle Crowns. EverWonder has joined Blue Star Museums, collaboration that offers free adm. to active duty military personnel and their families from Memorial Day through Labor Day.
The Discovery Museum, 4450 Park Ave., Bridgeport; discoverymuseum.org or 203-372-3521; Tues.-Sun., 10-5; open Mon. for most school holidays, plus school and homeschool groups with a reservation; museum and planetarium, $10 adults, $8 children, seniors, students, free under 2; Challenger Learning Center, simulated space missions for groups 15-30, res. required (schools, scouts, corporate team building, birthday parties); scout science badge classes; exhibits and daily Planetarium shows; weekend workshops. Snowflake Festival Week, Dec. 27-Dec. 30.
Wolf Conservation Center, South Salem, N.Y.; adv. reg. required, nywolf.org.
MUSEUMS, Etc.
The Aldrich Museum of Contemporary Art, open Sun., Mon., Wed., Thurs., and Friday: 12 to 5 p.m., Sat., 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. May 29-Sept. 4, Sun., 12-4; $10/adults and $5/srs.; free adm. for full-time teachers and students in grades K-12, and for active-service military families; free for all on Tuesdays; 203-438-4519 or aldrichart.org: Group tours avail. by appointment, 203-438-4519 or email [email protected] Spotlight tours every Mon. and third Sat. of each month, 1-2 p.m.; Third Saturdays Family Workshops, free, 10-noon for ages 2-5, 1 to 3 p.m. for ages 6-10. Third Saturdays, free arts activities and tour of exhibits. Afternoon Studios: Plantable Paper, April 9, 2-4 p.m. Studio Tots: Spring Has Sprung, April 10, 10 a.m. Little Living Landscapes, April 11, 9-5 p.m. Afternoon Studios: Agricultural Animals, April 12, 2-4 p.m. Afternoon Studios: Terracotta Planters, April 13, 2-4 p.m. Glass Bending Workshop, April 19, 5:30-7 p.m. Register for programs online.
Keeler Tavern Museum, 132 Main St., Ridgefield; 203-438-5485 or keelertavernmuseum.org; open 1-4 p.m., Sat., Sun., & Wed., last tour at 3:30; closed during January; Feb. 1-Dec. 31; $8/adults, $5/srs., youth under 18 and students w/ID; 300 years of Ridgefield history.
New Canaan Historical Society, 13 Oenoke Ridge (Rte. 124), in the Town House Gallery; Tues.-Fri., 9:30-4:30, Sat., 9:30-12:30; 203-966-1776 or nchistory.org: Americans at Play, how people spent their leisure time in the late 1800s and 1900s, and the sport attire that went along with their favorite pastimes; From the Archives: D. Putnam Brinley, works by the impressionist and mural painter.
Ridgefield Guild of Artists, Halpin Lane; 203-438-8863: classes for kids, teens and adults, call for info. or visit website, rgoa.org.
Brookfield Craft Center, 286 Whisconier Rd.; brookfieldcraft.org: classes, open studios in clay, fiber, glass, jewelry, metal. Gallery Shop open Sat., 11-6, and Sun., 11-5. Blacksmithing, bladesmithing, jewelry making, glass arts, ceramics, weaving and fiber arts, woodturning and more. Info: brookfieldcraft.org or 203-775-4526.
Weir Farm National Historic Site, 735 Nod Hill Rd., Wilton, 203-834-1896 or www.nps.gov/wefa: grounds open daily dawn to dusk; art programs, Junior Ranger activities, visitor center, museum store, historic house and studios; open Wed.-Sun. 10-4 (May 1-Oct. 31); Weir House Tours, offered Wed.-Sun. at 11 a.m., 1, 2, and 3 p.m. (May 1-Oct. 31), reg. required; group tours and field trips offered, reg. required.
Wilton Historical Society, 224 Danbury Road (Route 7), 203-762-7257: period rooms in the Betts-Sturges-Blackmar House, Betts Store, offering unique American-made items, from fine art to jewelry, books to redware, toys and more; gift shop; Tues.-Sat., 10-4.
The Bruce Museum, One Museum Drive, Greenwich; brucemuseum.org or 203-869-0376: $10/adults, $8/students and seniors, free/under 5, free adm. for all every Tues.; Docent-led Exhibition Tour Tues., 1:30 p.m., and Fri., 12:30 p.m.; Marine Tank Animal Feeding, every Tues. and Fri., 2:30-2:45 p.m. Bruce Beginnings. Family Gallery Tours. Art Adventures.
Greenwich Historical Society, Bush-Holley Historic Site, 39 Strickland Rd., Cos Cob; open Fri.-Sun., 12-4 (docent-led tours at 1, 2 and 3); 203-869-6899, ext. 10 or www.hstg.org; adm. to gallery, visitor ctr. & house museum, $10/adults, $8/srs. and students, under 6 free (half-price on opening day); group tours at $7/person avail. on public and non-public days; library and archives open Wed.-Thur., 10-4; adm. offices open Mon.-Fri., 9-5; gallery hours Wed.-Sun., 12-4.
Danbury Railway Museum, 120 White St., Danbury; 203-778-8337; danburyrail.org: adm. $6 per person, age 3 and up; Train Rides $3 extra (weekends April-Nov.); call for special events adm. rates; winter hours: Wed.-Sat., 10-4, Sun., 12-4; (summer hours: Mon.-Sat., 10-5, Sun., 12-5); tour vintage equipment such as 1907 steam engine, 1910 Railway Post Office car, 1973 caboose, 1953 Rail Diesel Car; vintage diesels on display.
Fairfield Museum and History Center, 370 Beach Rd., behind the old Town Hall; open daily, 10-4; research library open Tues.-Fri., 10-4; adults, $5, students w/ ID, $3, children 5 and under, free. Info: www.fairfieldhs.org or 203-259-1598.
Barnum Museum, 820 Main Street, Bridgeport; 203-331-1104 x100 or visit barnum-museum.org: Recovery in Action, Thur.-Fri., 11-3, free adm., enter through double doors at rear of historic building.
John Jay Homestead State Historic Site, Rte. 22, Katonah, N.Y.; 914-232-5651 or www.johnjayhomestead.org: guided tours offered Tues.-Sat., 10-4; Sun., 11-4; $7/adults, $5/srs., students, free up to age 12.
Katonah Museum of Art, open Tues.-Sat., 10-5, Sun. 12-5; adm. $10; srs. (60+) and students, $5; under 12/free; Rte. 22/134 Jay St., Katonah, N.Y., 914-232-9555, www.katonahmuseum.org.
The Tuskegee Police Department is investigating a death that happened on Sept. 27.
According to police, the male victim was found deceased in his home.
Tuskegee police is working with the State Bureau of Investigation on this case. Anyone with information should call the department at 334-727-0200 or the department's Secret Witness line at 334-727-9865.
Copyright 2017 WSFA 12 News. All rights reserved.
The intrigue surrounding Barbara Carrasco's legendary mural L.A. History: A Mexican Perspective is nearly as colorful as the work itself — an exhaustively researched visual narrative tracing the city's history from tar pits through pueblo days and into the bright glories and stinging social violence of modern times.
Commissioned and subsequently censored by the since-dismantled Community Redevelopment Agency in 1981, the 80-foot-long, portable mural has been shown only a handful of times since. Mostly it's been stashed away, for fear the city would try to snatch it.
Nearly 40 years on, the artist and her vision have finally outlived whatever oppressive orthodoxy prevailed when the CRA deemed 14 scenes — including the Zoot Suit riots and the whitewashing of David Alfaro Siqueiro's mural América Tropical — too controversial.
“This is the first time it's been shown without any censorship whatsoever,” Carrasco said at a preview of the aptly titled "Sin Censura," a showing of L.A. History that opened March 9 at the Los Angeles County Natural History Museum. “I don't think you'd see any attempt like that now. People would fight it tooth and nail,” she later said.
L.A. History unfolds in a series of vignettes woven through the undulant tresses of our namesake, La Reina de Los Angeles (here a pensive, terracotta muse modeled on a photo of the artist's sister). It's a winning addition to the Natural History Museum: Mounted on three walls for intimate gallery-style viewing, accompanied by an interactive digital console and correlating directly to artifacts in the adjacent permanent collection "Becoming Los Angeles" (which reopens May 30 with new additions).
And it arrives with a redolent aura; as a powerful origin myth reminding us to perpetually question who we are, even as it details how we got here. It functions both literally, illustratively, as intended — and as a living record and commentary on the inevitably political struggle over what becomes history.
Stylistically, there is nothing graphically violent, certainly not by today's standards. The illustrations are of, as Carrasco says, “basic L.A. history.” Some recognizable snapshots (the former stately homes of Bunker Hill, Dodger Stadium, Grand Central Market) reference darker histories. A portrait of Biddy Mason, a former slave who won her freedom, amassed a real estate fortune and became an important L.A. philanthropist, seems a wholesome answer to that cruel fiction, the American Dream.
Today, the idea that an institutionally sanctioned city history includes minority voices and depictions of unpleasant but well-documented events seems obvious. Look around, and you'll see many of the same scenes the CRA took issue with enshrined across the city: Biddy Mason Park downtown was established in 1989, incidentally in the same vicinity where L.A. History was originally intended to go; an obelisk commemorating the Westside corner where Japanese-Americans were sent off to internment went up last year; and murals across the Southland witness the momentous presence of marginalized people and the resurgent fight against injustice.
Carrasco's community-driven masterpiece — painted with the help of several artists and historians and 17 young people, many of them at-risk youth from the Summer Youth Employment Program — speaks eloquently, insistently, from an unapologetically Chicana perspective, with an unflinching eye trained on systemic inequity.
“We had a lot of images to include and the CRA thought there were too many images — or they used that excuse to say, ‘Why are you putting a Japanese internment there, Japanese people don't want to be reminded of such a sad chapter in their history,'” Carrasco said. “I just laughed. I go, ‘None of you are Japanese, how can you speak for the Japanese community?'”
Instead of relenting, Carrasco dug deeper, asking three Japanese organizations to vet her research. “I still have all those letters — I got a lot of support from the community,” she said. When the CRA asked her to remove scenes, she refused.
“When she was working on the mural everything was great, but then came the harsh hand of censorship and she literally had to rescue the mural and take it into hiding because the city attempted to steal it,” said Carrasco's husband, artist Harry Gamboa Jr.
A handful of people took the work from where it was being painted on a vacant floor of City Hall East, slipped it into waiting trucks and hauled it off into hiding, Gamboa said.
EXPAND Artist Barbara Carrasco in front of her mural L.A. History: A Mexican Perspective at Union Station Javier Guillen/LA Plaza de Cultura y Artes
Even after Carrasco won a copyright battle with the city, L.A. History was still on the run. “It continued having to be put away in different locations, and when it was shown briefly in the 1990s as part of the Los Angeles Festival, there were hints that they'd maybe try to take it away again. So again it had to be put into storage,” Gamboa said.
But during that time, he added, many scholars and people around the world became interested in the lore of the missing mural. Briefly hung last year at Union Station as part of the Getty's Pacific Standard Time: LA/LA, it was covered with a black cloth during private events, drawing further outrage — and perhaps catalyzing the push to bring it to the Natural History Museum.
“It took quite a bit of effort, and a sea change of politics and awareness, to finally bring Barbara's mural back into Los Angeles, when it would be recognized and accepted and embraced by the establishment,” Gamboa said.
At last week's preview, the establishment was in full effect, basking in the good optics. A small flotilla of broadcast media followed officials around the room, gobbling up soundbites. L.A. County supervisors Hilda Solis and Mark Ridley-Thomas praised Carrasco for her bravery, vision and persistence, highlighting her connection to the museum, where she spent time doing archival research for the mural.
Solis suggested NHM should become a permanent home for the mural — to which NHM director Bill Estrada later responded, “I would certainly raise my hand and vote for it, and I think in time that discussion will come up.”
Carrasco had the shortest speech that morning. “It's such a long stay here, which is something I'm really grateful for, because I came here as a Girl Scout,” she said before simply inviting everyone to see L.A. History by saying, “Come on, let's go!”
Energetic, with mildly mischievous green eyes and a ready smile, 63-year-old Carrasco has a way of talking that puts people at ease. By her own account, she grew up in poverty on the Westside, a third-generation Mexican-American who came up as an activist during in the Chicano Movement of the 1970s, painting iconic banners for Cesar Chavez and the United Farm Workers.
Asked what she might include if she painted the mural today, she pointed to Dreamers and the entrenched battle over immigrant rights. “I would definitely do something like that, because we're a whole country of immigrants, we were founded by immigrants, and it's just really sad. I remember when I was a really young person I went up with my brothers and sisters behind the Hollywood Sign, and we saw Latino men did the whole thing, they made that big sign. I was thinking, ‘Wow, we don't even know that.'”
And while acknowledging a vastly different climate for public art — she credits the Mural Conservancy with helping foster respect for artists among businesses and institutions — Carrasco stressed the urgency for political artwork, now more than ever.
“Especially in this political climate, I urge artists to have the message in their work. I really worry about those artists who say nothing in their work, who do very decorative work — there are a lot of murals out there that I don't consider murals. They're super decorative. They have no narrative whatsoever about a community, about what's going on in this world,” she said.
Now an internationally acclaimed and locally celebrated artist, Carrasco is still as committed to the transformative power of public art as when she began.
“There are artists that just show in galleries and never do public art, and it's interesting to see those artists do really well; I'm happy for them, but I'm not personally one of those artists. I would like to have a show where I sell everything, but that hasn't happened in a long time,” she said.
“I don't think it's wrong. But I think if you do public art, it should reflect the community where it's placed.”
"Sin Censura," focusing on Barbara Carrasco's L.A. History: A Mexican Perspective, is on display at L.A. County Natural History Museum through Aug. 19.
Any commission recommendations would need to go through a series of bureaucratic stages, but legislation could be ready for final consideration by August and be implemented in time for next season.
Share this article:
0 votes
Tonight's WWE SmackDown and 205 Live will take place from the Smoothie King Center in New Orleans with the final hype for Sunday's Money In the Bank pay-per-view.
Announced for SmackDown is a face-off between Randy Orton and WWE Champion Jinder Mahal plus six-man action with Shinsuke Nakamura, AJ Styles and Sami Zayn vs. Baron Corbin, Dolph Ziggler and WWE United States Champion Kevin Owens. Also announces is Tamina Snuka vs. SmackDown Women's Champion Naomi in a non-title match, Charlotte Flair vs. Natalya and eight-man action with The New Day and Breezango vs. The Colons and SmackDown Tag Team Champions The Usos.
WWE is focusing on the following points for tonight:
Money in the Bank competitors team up for Six-Man Tag Team battle
Mahal and Orton come face to face before WWE Title rematch
New Day & Breezango join forces for Eight-Man Tag Team Match
Can Tamina pin Naomi again?
Charlotte Flair and Natalya square off before historic Women's Money in the Bank
Follow Marc on Twitter at @this_is_marc. Send any news, tips or corrections to us by clicking here.
Big News on a Crazy Brock Lesnar Feud, “Broken” Hardy Plans for WWE RAW Revealed, Vince McMahon Upset with WWE Newcomer, New GIFs & Galleries, More
Related
With the Canadian Football League's (CFL) championship game set to touch down in Edmonton this fall, Global Edmonton has scored a touchdown of its own months ahead of the big event as it has been named the Grey Cup Festival's official TV partner for 2018.
“We want to come here and thank you for your support,” Duane Vienneau, the executive director of the 2018 Grey Cup, said at an announcement outside Global's studios in south Edmonton on Tuesday.
“We are very proud to be chosen as the official television partner of the Grey Cup Festival,” said Jim Haskins, station manager and news director at Global Edmonton. “We really enjoyed working with the festival team in 2010. We look forward to an even bigger and better event in 2018.
“I know we just got out of the longest winter many of us can remember, but we can't wait until November.”
The four Edmonton radio stations run by Corus Entertainment, Global News' parent company, were named the official radio partners of the festival.
READ MORE: Corus Radio named official partner of 2018 Grey Cup Festival
Festival events will take place in Alberta's capital from Wednesday, Nov. 21 through Sunday, Nov. 25, the day of the big game.
“It's going to be intense,” Vienneau said. “For example, our zip line will start at the top of Jasper Avenue and will zip into the river valley over Grierson Hill Road, so it's going to be quite the spectacle.
“We're just looking to push the envelope and make everyone proud.”
The Grey Cup theme this year is “Bring the Heat” and dozens of events are being planned for football fans converging on the city that week.
READ MORE: Edmonton Grey Cup organizers release details on 3 attractions
Watch below: On Feb. 2, 2018, Quinn Phillips filed this report about the events being planned for the 2018 Grey Cup game in Edmonton.
The last time the Grey Cup game was played at Edmonton's Commonwealth Stadium was in 2010 when the Montreal Alouettes walked away as league champions. The Edmonton Eskimos hope their players will emerge with the CFL crown this season in front of their hometown fans. The team's president and CEO says he believes the event will sell out in record time.
“If 2010 is any indication, when we last hosted … [tickets] sold out in six days,” Len Rhodes said on Tuesday. “We hope to beat our own record. We'll wait to see but so far, so good. The momentum is at the same clip right now as it was in 2010 at this point in time.”
Eskimos' season-ticket holders have already bought tickets and the general public will be able to buy tickets on June 1.
This year's Grey Cup Festival will take place on Jasper Avenue, between 96 Street and 99 Street. In addition to the zip line, the event will also feature a ski hill and tube slide.
About 1,000 volunteers are needed to make the festival happen. Information on how to sign up to help out can be found on the festival's website.
-With files from 630 CHED's Kirby Bourne
North Korea's autocratic ruler has decided not to launch a threatened missile attack on Guam, Pyongyang's state media reported Tuesday, easing the immediate threat of an attack on the U.S. territory in the western Pacific.
The North Korean statement said Kim Jong-un could change his mind “if the Yankees persist in their extremely dangerous reckless actions.”
The announcement appeared shortly after Defense Secretary James N. Mattis warned that an attack could quickly escalate to war, although it's unclear if they were linked.
“If they fire at the United States it could escalate into war very quickly,” Mattis told reporters at the Pentagon. “That's called war, if they shoot at us.... You don't shoot at people in this world unless you want to bear the consequences.”
Mattis cited a classic Hollywood political satire about nuclear war to say he wasn't drawing red lines or making idle threats to spark a confrontation.
“It's not declaring war — it's not that I'm over here, Dr. Strangelove, doing things like that,” he said.
North Korea tested an intercontinental ballistic missile last month for the first time, and U.S. intelligence agencies assess that Pyongyang can build a nuclear warhead small enough to fit atop a long-range missile, although it's not clear if it can target U.S. cities.
The latest missile tests led to a sharp rise in tensions. The United Nations Security Council voted unanimously to add new sanctions on North Korea, and President Trump warned he would unleash "fire and fury" if Pyongyang continued its threats.
In response, North Korea said Kim was reviewing a plan to fire four mid-range missiles over Japan and into international waters at least 20 miles off Guam, where the U.S. military operates several major bases.
Mattis was ambiguous as to how Washington would respond if Pyongyang launched a missile toward Guam as a show of force, and it landed far offshore.
“War is up to the president, and perhaps up to Congress,” Mattis said. “The bottom line is we will defend the country from attack.”
The U.S. military would be able to determine if a North Korean missile is headed toward Guam “within moments,” he said, because of spy satellites, radars and other high-tech sensors that track missile launches.
If necessary, "we'll take it out," Mattis said, suggesting the U.S. military would attempt to shoot it down with antimissile interceptors on land and ships.
Earlier, Mattis and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson sought to defuse tensions in a Wall Street Journal opinion piece that said the Trump administration did not seek "regime change or accelerated reunification of Korea," issues of special concern to China, which supports Pyongyang.
Gen. Joseph F. Dunford Jr., chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, arrived late Monday in Beijing to meet with Chinese military leaders. Earlier, he met with South Korean President Moon Jae-in at Osan Air Base, a U.S. Air Force base about 40 miles south of Seoul.
Dunford said in Beijing that his goal was to "continue to develop our military-to-military relationships, to mitigate the risk of miscalculation in the region and to have cooperation where those opportunities exist,” according to a Pentagon statement.
william.hennigan@latimes.com
Twitter: @wjhenn
ALSO:
Climate change is real: Just ask the Pentagon
Trump administration stops disclosing troop deployments in Iraq and Syria
U.S. launches dozens of missiles at Syria in response to chemical weapons attack
Ty Nichols, who had a 125-27 record in five seasons as basketball coach at Chatsworth Sierra Canyon, has resigned and will be replaced by assistant Andre Chevalier.
Nichols will stay at the school as a consultant and is pursuing a master's degree.
"It was time for me to move forward and recharge my batteries," Nichols said.
At the end of this past season, Nichols turned over coaching duties for the final state playoff game to Chevalier but insisted he would return as coach.
"I fully intended to come back," he said. "I started throwing out ideas to the head of school and athletic director that it might be time to step down."
Nichols won a state title and four consecutive league titles.
Chevalier has extensive coaching experience. He has been a head coach at Reseda Cleveland and Oaks Christian and was an assistant at Cal State Northridge.
Marvin Bagley III, the top player for the class of 2018, is still at Sierra Canyon for now, though there's speculation he could leave for college early or even leave to play in Europe.
Home | Direct | Dashboard | About us
Unless otherwise noted our website is using photographs from FreeDigitalPhotos.net and Wikipedia under their respective licenses
Copyright © 2015. All Rights Reserved.
Just eight months after giving birth, “Real Housewives of Orange County” personality Meghan King Edmonds already has more babies on the brain.
A post shared by Meghan King Edmonds (@meghankedmonds) on Jul 12, 2017 at 5:54pm PDT
“I would love to have like five kids,” the Bravo star recently told Page Six. “I mean I'm a stepmom to four, and I have Aspen, but I would love to have a whole entire soccer team.”
Edmonds, 32, welcomed her first child, daughter Aspen, with husband Jim Edmonds, 47, on Thanksgiving last November. What surprised Edmonds the most about motherhood is her daughter's early bedtime.
“That was weird for me because once 6:30 hits I'm stuck in the house unless I have a sitter or a nanny. That's when everything starts so that was a big adjustment,” Edmonds explained.
Though fellow “Housewives” offered parenting advice, co-star Kelly Dodd turned out to be the baby whisperer.
“You know what, believe it or not, Kelly is really good with Aspen. Like really good with her and really helpful with me with Aspen,” Edmonds explained. “She'll just come and take her from me and just help me, I don't even ask. She'll be like, ‘I got her, you go do your thing.' It's really cool.”
“The Real Housewives of Orange County” airs Mondays at 9 p.m. on Bravo.
Even Michelle Williams was shocked by what Beyoncé had in store for Coachella, which has since been unofficially renamed Beychella.
“Initially I was like, ‘Bey, just go out there and have fun. People are gonna be so excited to see you.' And then I walked into rehearsal for the first time and saw this big old pyramid and that it was gonna be filled to the brim with humans,” she recalled to the Los Angeles Times.
“I said, ‘What in the bejesus is this? I told you just to go have fun!' But she can never do anything that we would think is normal. And this is what's fun for her.”
After the two wildly successful performances that brought Beyoncé fans and Destiny's Child fans alike together, Williams was left with just one question:
“I said, ‘Where is this pyramid going, by the way? Are the twins gonna play on it one day? Is it gonna be their swing set?'”
Now that the two weeks of Beychella are over, Williams can focus her energy on planning her upcoming wedding, which she's “over the moon” about, to fiancé Chad Johnson.
Dear Amy: I am a 31-year-old single, educated woman. I ended a six-year relationship that became emotionally controlling and physically abusive. My ex and I have agreed to try to co-parent our 3-year-old son.
My parents, who were pushed away due to the control issues, jumped in and rescued me and my son. They are co-investors on my new house and wholeheartedly participate in my son's life.
I have a new guy who surfaced at the time of my separation. He was going through a similar break-up. The new love has blossomed to a point where he is moving in.
He is in is 50s, has three adult kids, two grandkids, and works as a labourer.
My parents are livid. They feel that I am making a bad choice. Financially I make much more than he does. It is not an issue with me, because he will pay rent.
My parents have met him and feel he is no match for their daughter. They are taking a strong stance against the new guy, perhaps selling my co-investment home and limiting future finances. They see him as a freeloader and want me to find someone in my league.
I am in counseling and get support for "living my own life." I would like your opinion, if you think I am making a mistake with the new guy for the disruption it may cause.
-- Torn
Dear Torn: I align with your parents, but perhaps for different reasons.
I don't know (or care, really) if this man is in your league.
What in this arrangement is good for your son? In his very short life, he has experienced emotional and physical abuse between his parents, and in short order his mother has invited a new man into the home.
No. Just no. There are many reasons for caution, but the reason that should matter the most to all of you was revealed in an eight-year study published in 2005 by the American Academy of Pediatrics, which concluded: "Young children who reside in households with unrelated adults are at exceptionally high risk for inflicted-injury death. Most perpetrators are male, and most are residents of the decedent child's household at the time of injury." The study also noted that children residing with a single parent (and no unrelated adults in the household) are at NO increased risk.
I'm not saying that this man is dangerous to you or your children. I am saying that you are not being prudent.
Engage in this relationship if you want to, but you are both rebounding, and this man should not be moving into your home until your life is more stable and you know him much better. He could be the greatest guy in the world, and if he is, he will respect your needs as a protective parent, and date you without moving in.
Dear Amy: One of my best friends is about to turn 30. Within the last few months, he has been depressed, and overall seems unhappy. Recently he emailed our close group of friends to share this information and to ask that we consider a weekend at the beach to help him celebrate his 30th. He said it would mean the world to him!
He even offered to pay for us to fly there.
I don't make as much money as my friends. If I tell him this, he will offer to pay, but I don't feel comfortable with him doing that. I am a grown adult and should pay for myself. I feel incredibly guilty, though, because I am getting married soon and he is in the wedding. He is spending time and money on me for all of my wedding-related activities and parties and I feel bad that I won't/can't offer support in return.
Should I suck it up and pay for a short and expensive weekend, or tell him that it just won't work?
-- Worried Friend
Dear Worried: You should take him up on his offer. He is crying out for companionship and willing to help you get to him. Let him do this, be a great and supportive guest, and celebrate his birthday -- and your friendship.
Dear Amy: "Priority Parent" was wondering how to correct children on the playground.
Your response was too wordy for kids! Children don't need to be told what NOT to do (especially when they already know). Simply say, "The slide is for going down -- not up." "Wood chips belong on the ground."
-- Simple Speaker
Dear Speaker: Thank you!
London: England's top cricket administrator may feel young people no longer care about cricket, but the man running the sport's global governing body is adamant youth interest is rising worldwide.
And David Richardson, the chief executive of the International Cricket Council (ICC), added that that next year's World Cup in England and Wales represents a brilliant opportunity to prove the doubters wrong.
Colin Graves, the England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) chairman, sparked controversy with his recent comment that young people "are just not attracted to cricket". It appeared he was trying to justify the proposed introduction of a new 100-ball format into the English game in 2020.
But many cricket lovers were aghast at Graves's seeming lack of faith in his own sport, while others were equally dismayed by what they saw as a slap in the face for various youth cricket initiatives, including those of the ECB itself.
Photographs of young fans enjoying themselves at various English county grounds and other games started appearing on Twitter in response to Graves's statement.
Richardson, too diplomatic to join in the criticism, was nevertheless keen to defend cricket's appeal to the next generation while speaking in London on Wednesday at an event marking a year to the start of the 2019 World Cup.
"That is very much an English viewpoint," Richardson said, when asked about Graves' comments.
"Globally we are seeing in our sport, compared to other sports, the average age of the fan is lower than even football and certainly rugby.
"Market by market, it varies widely — in England, I think, there is a bit of a challenge making sure we re-engage with the youth and grow the game from a participation point of view — but elsewhere in the world, it is quite positive."
No 'appetite' for new format
Meanwhile Richardson, while noting domestic limited-overs cricket had been played in a variety of formats down the years, was in no hurry to add the 100-ball game to an international schedule already groaning under the weight of Tests, one-day internationals and Twenty20s.
"Our strategy is clear in that we've got three formats of the same game, which is challenging in itself to keep them from cannibalising each other," he said.
"But what it does do is provide us an opportunity to provide an offering to everybody, every type of cricket fan, from the traditional old Test cricket fan to a youngster who wants something to be happening every ball.
"And the 50-over version, I think, is that perfect fit between Test and T20. It provides a perfect day's entertainment, we've seen that around the world — it is very popular elsewhere in the world — and the World Cup has got that prestige which I think will help cement 50-over cricket's popularity well into the future."
"But certainly there isn't an appetite to increase and create another format," the former South Africa wicket-keeper explained.
Asked if the ECB, which successfully staged both the Champions Trophy and the Women's World Cup last year, needed help from the ICC in marketing the World Cup, Richardson replied: "We don't need to hold their hand or do anything (like that). They are quite capable themselves, I'm sure.
"But the bottom line is that this does present a huge opportunity — and we saw it with the Women's World Cup — to attract a new audience to get people enthused who weren't necessarily going to cricket matches season after season.
"I think there is a huge opportunity in having an event in your own country."
It was only months ago when six-year-old Landen Alexa was racing his bike around the Sooke Bike Park with his friends. Today, he can't even sit through a day at school without coming home in excruciating pain.
At the end of May, Landen was participating in his school's Jump Rope for Heart fundraiser when he came home complaining of a sore ankle.
Landen's mother, Jillian Lanthier, took him in to Victoria General Hospital where he was and sent on his way with some Tylenol, believing it was only a sprain.
“I'm a mother of four,” said Lanthier. “So to me a sprained ankle was very minor. Little did we know it was the start of something much more serious.”
That weekend, Landen was left with his grandparents to heal his ankle, while Lanthier took her other three children away camping. On Sunday, Lanthier received a call from the grandparents saying Landen was very ill and needed to go to the hospital.
Lanthier rushed home thinking it was his ankle acting up, only to find her son bedridden with a fever of 103 degrees, and was in so much pain that he couldn't move any part of his body.
When they arrived at the hospital, Landen's state declined, and his body began to twitch. Nurses told Lathier that something was very wrong and he was admitted to the acute emergency.
After 10 days and multiple tests, no doctor could find out what was wrong with Landen. They checked for multiple diseases such as leukemia, lymphoma, and blood infections, but still, nothing.
“Looking back and don't know how we survived those days,” said Lanthier. “No one could give us any answers.”
Finally on June 14, Landen was diagnosed with Systemic Juvinile Idiopathic Arthrits (SJIA), a disease that causes his body to attack itself, leaving him with crippling muscle and joint pain and with virtually no immune system. The disease is so severe, even a common head cold can be potentially fatal for him.
Landen was given a dose of chemo, and was in and out of the hospital every 18 hours for pain management.
Today, he goes to the hospital every two weeks 10 to 14 days for IV treatment, and takes medication daily from home.
“Our life is now planned around the hospital schedule. I wish that for nobody, let alone a child, who I feel was robbed by this disease,” said Lanthier.
However, his current medicine is no longer working effectively, and the only option for treatment is a drug called Ilarus, which is going to cost Lanthier $19,000 a month, as it is not covered by B.C. Pharmacare.
The medicine could greatly improve Landen's quality of life, helping with pain and allowing him to make a lot less hospital trips.
There are only approximately 10 children in B.C. who are battling the same disease as Landen.
Jennifer Wilson, executive director at Cassie and Friends, a charity dedicated to helping children with juvenile arthritis, has started a petition hoping to get the B.C. Health Ministry to fund children with SJIA on a case-by-case basis.
“We aren't asking for a blank cheque. There are only 10 kids right now, who won't have any quality of life and will be an even bigger burden on the health-care system in the long run if they don't receive the drug,” said Wilson.
She explained that the drug is costly because of how rare it is, there is no competition between pharmaceutical companies and it is expensive to test and make.
“I never expected that in Canada I would have an expense this big for medicine,” said Lanthier. “This is not something I can afford and I don't think it's something a lot of people could.”
Lanthier has reached out to both Premier John Horgan and Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, and has received responses of sympathy from both.
“I am not a person that likes to ask for help, but I am desperate. There is no other option,” said Lanthier. “I'm going to fight for my son.”
To sign the petition to help convince the Health Ministry to fund cases like Landen's, visit change.org.
Guelph police say 12 new charges have been laid against a former acupuncturist and traditional Chinese medicine practitioner who was first arrested late last year.
Sherman Lai was charged with one count of sexual assault against a former patient in October.
READ MORE: Wanted man could be in Waterloo Region, Wellington County
Between November 2017 and April 2018, the 58-year-old was charged with 16 more counts of sexual assault and two counts of assault with a weapon, along with several other charges.
Police arrested Lai again on Tuesday and charged him with one additional account of sexual assault and six more counts of assault.
Guelph police said Lai faces a total of 36 charges now that 16 victims have come forward.
READ MORE: Man seriously injured after getting caught in machine at Woodstock metal cleaning plant
Lai practised in Guelph for over 20 years before moving his operation to Morriston about six years ago.
Police believe patients who lived in the Greater Toronto Area “and beyond” were referred to him.
A statement from the College of Traditional Chinese Medicine Practitioners and Acupuncturists of Ontario says Lai is not able to practice while the College investigates the accusations.
Lai is scheduled to make a court appearance in June.
Anyone with information can call the lead investigator at 519-824-1212 ext. 7518 or Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-8477.
The body of a woman reported missing to the Alexandria Police Department has been found in a lake near Ville Platte. (Photo: Town Talk file photo)
The body of a woman reported missing to the Alexandria Police Department has been found in a lake near Ville Platte.
A release from the department states that officers responded to a local motel for a report of a missing woman on Sunday around 8 a.m. "Officers learned that a 21-year-old woman had been staying at the motel, and had not been seen since the previous night around 9 p.m.," reads the release.
Then, early Monday morning, a fisherman in Lake Dubuisson reeled in the woman's purse with her identification inside, according to KLFY.
The unidentified woman's body was found in the lake around 10:30 a.m., says a report from the station. St. Landry Parish Sheriff Bobby Guidroz told KLFY that the woman was abducted from Alexandria, and that investigators believe the woman's body had been in the lake since sometime Sunday.
The television station also reports that the woman was from Shreveport.
"The Alexandria Police Department Detective Division is continuing to investigate this matter, and no other details are available at this time," reads the department's release.
The woman's identity has not been released pending notification of next of kin.
Read or Share this story: http://www.thetowntalk.com/story/news/2017/12/11/body-woman-abducted-alexandria-found-st-landry-lake/941267001/
When it came to convincing people to loan him money, Sgt. Robert Mugridge would shed tears, cite problems with addicted relatives, and sometimes asked while in uniform having arrived in his police cruiser.
These were among the details of an agreed statement of facts that were read out during a Police Services Act hearing in Chatham on Tuesday at the John D. Bradley Convention Centre concerning the officer's actions.
Mugridge, who pleaded guilty to 50 counts of discreditable conduct dating back to 2010. He will be losing his job for his actions.
The officer sat quietly as details of the numerous excuses he used to get people to loan him money were revealed. These people included neighbours, businessowners, relatives, co-workers, people from his church and people he met through activities his children participated in.
There was often a veil of secrecy around the loans with a common request that the person giving him the money not tell his wife.
An overview of some details will be provided without naming the victims.
Mugridge borrowed anywhere from $10,000 to $500, but often it was at least over $1,000 he would get out of people. A small number of people received some repayment, but many people were not paid back a cent, despite him agreeing, on many occasions, to pay the money back with interest.
According to the statement of facts, there were times Mugridge would be shedding tears – sometimes while in uniform having arrived in his cruiser – and be quite emotional as he asked people for money.
An excuse given a number of times why he needed funds was that he had siblings with drug and alcohol addictions, which he was paying for, so he was short of money.
On one occasion, Mugridge told someone he needed $2,000 to send a sibling to rehab. He told another person his addicted siblings took money from his mother.
Another popular excuse why he needed money was to pay for a child's post-secondary tuition, because he had to previously use the money for another purpose.
On one occasion he asked someone for $2,535 to pay for university tuition. The person made the cheque out to the university, but Mugridge called later claiming the university wouldn't accept it and he needed the cheque made out to him. It was stated, the person refused this request, but the cheque was later cashed by the university.
However, it was noted that numerous times the loans requested for tuition were never used for that purpose.
Mugridge also often stated he needed money because he had to pay back another loan that someone was demanding repayment for.
On at least one occasion, someone who loaned him money found out shortly after he took his family on vacation.
Some people questioned why a police officer needed a loan, but Mugridge would have excuses such as a customer stiffed him on a job that he did through a fence and decking business he ran on the side.
However, the officer gave some people assurances they would be repaid their money when he got either retroactive pay or a raise on an upcoming police contract.
It was noted the officer has declared bankruptcy, but no details were given about why he asked so many people for money.
After the statement of facts were read, the hearing officer, retired OPP Supt. Morris Elbers, gave Mugridge the opportunity to make a statement.
“No thank you, sir,” Mugridge replied.
eshreve@postmedia.com
@DailyNewsES
Jammu: The Jammu and Kashmir government on Saturday said a student "detained" in Madhya Pradesh by the Railway Protection Force has been released and is on his way home.
The force had arrested a 22-year-old Kashmiri man for travelling with a small LPG cylinder at the Vidisha railway station in Madhya Pradesh earlier this week, an RPF sub-inspector said.
Mohammed Idris was arrested on the night of 31 January, and a local court granted him bail on Friday, he said.
Idris, a resident of south Kashmir's Anantnag district, was part of a group of students of Sher-e-Kashmir University of Agricultural Sciences and Technology which went to Bhopal for a training course.
"The group of students from SKUAST after completing their training course at Bhopal boarded a train for Delhi.
"Reportedly, in the train a woman clicked a photograph of the man and posted on social media with a caption which created confusion and railway police detained one of the students.
"However, on the intervention of SKUAST and police authorities, the student has been released and is on his way back to Kashmir," Parliamentary Affairs minister AR Veeri said in the Assembly.
Veeri made the statement after opposition members raised the issue in the House.
They also raised concerns about the thrashing of students from the state in Haryana.
CPM leader and MLA MY Tarigami suggested adopting a resolution to appeal the Centre to ensure safety of Kashmiri students studying in educational institutions outside the state.
"Cutting across the political divide, this House should pass a resolution urging the prime minister to condemn such incidents on the floor of Parliament.
"Subsequently he (PM) should assure safe and secure environment for Kashmiri students, businessmen, labourers and others working in various states of the country," Tarigami said.
Reacting to the reports of thrashing of Kashmiri students in Haryana's Mahendragarh last evening, he said a hate campaign has been unleashed on Kashmiris outside the state and it has patronage of "communal forces" in the country.
"Such incidents have serious implications. The prevailing uncertain situation in Kashmir gets compounded by such incidents.
"This (Haryana incident) is not an isolated incident against Kashmiris. In the past, similar incidents have happened in Rajasthan and other states," Tarigami added.
BPO industry asks gov't not to remove incentives under 2nd tax reform package
Young graduates eyeing to land a job in call center companies might start looking for other options.
The information technology and business process management sector in Cebu is anticipating a slowdown in the wake of the second wave of the government's tax reform package which will affect the tax incentives given to companies.
“Honestly, I don't have a definite answer as of now but initial feedback from the industry is that they are concerned if incentives will be taken away,” said Wilfredo “Jun” Sa-a Jr., Cebu IT-BPM Organization (CIB.O) managing director.
Saa echoed the fears expressed by some industry leaders like Jonathan de Luzuriaga, president of the Philippine Software Industry Association (PSIA) about the Tax Reform for Acceleration and Inclusion 2 or TRAIN 2.
During the recent Transformation Summit in Cebu, Luzuriaga said some local industry players had told him that they were “stepping on the brakes” on their expansion plans due to uncertainties brought on by the TRAIN 2.
He pointed out that the country might lose its selling point — tax incentives.
“I hope this uncertainty is settled soon. If you ask me what's in Train 2, I really don't know. It keeps on changing,” he said.
The Department of Finance (DOF) has repeatedly defended the proposed Train 2, saying it would not remove incentives but only sought to “rationalize and modernize” these to make them more responsive, relevant, and effective, since these had not been changed for decades.
On the other hand, it also sought to gradually reduce corporate income tax (CIT) rates to no less than 25 percent from the current 30 percent which was one of the highest rates in Asia.
Currently, the Philippine Economic Zone Authority grants a package of incentives to locators in PEZA-registered companies that include an income tax holiday of a maximum of eight years and a perpetual 5 percent tax on gross income earned (GIE), zero vat on local purchases and up to 30 percent of local sales, among others.
The proposed TRAIN 2, however, sought to overhaul these incentives to make tax perks “more equitable and effective in creating jobs, industry development and attract more foreign direct investments and generate more revenues” to fund the massive infrastructure program under the “Build, Build, Build.”
But leaders of the IT-BPM sector fear that this will hurt the industry more especially since incentives have attracted more investors into the country.
The Contact Center Association of the Philippines (CCAP) was the latest industry group that joined the calls for government to reconsider the tax incentives being reviewed under the proposed TRAIN 2 package.
“Our competitors are giving incentives to attract more investments. That's what we're saying to government. The Philippines is no longer the cheapest destination. We are 10 percent more than our competition in terms of call center work,” said Jojo Uligan, CCAP president, during a recent visit to Cebu.
He cited the case of India which was a favored destination for business processing outsourcing (BPO) companies since it is cheaper by 10 percent to operate there.
The higher cost of doing business in the country is only being barely sustained by the country's high-quality workforce, Uligan explained.
With tax incentives possibly removed, he said the industry may take a hit.
Uligan said they have been sending position papers together with other industry groups like the IT and Business Process Association of the Philippines (IBPAP), asking the government to retain the incentives to attract more investors and grow the industry.
“The good thing is there's open dialogue. Government is welcome naman. It's a balancing thing. The effect is not just on our industry, it's about everyone. We're asking and hoping to retain whatever incentives we can retain,” he said.
The proposed TRAIN 2 was still being deliberated at the House of Representatives (HR).
During the first congressional hearing on House Bill 7458, which covers Train 2, last May 22, Finance Secretary Carlos Dominguez urged lawmakers to approve the measure, which he described as “pro-business, pro-investments and pro-incentives.”
He said TRAIN 2 would help the government build a fairer and more competitive business environment through reforms in the corporate tax system “that would deliver a more even playing field, simplify collection procedures, bring greater transparency and reward genuine efficiency.”
In a statement, the Department of Finance (DOF) said reducing the corporate income tax rates and “modernizing” business incentives would help level the playing field for over 800,000 registered local corporations that had been paying regular taxes.
Of the estimated 5,000 companies with registered activities in the 14 investment promotion agencies (IPAs) in 2015, about 3,000 firms registered under PEZA claimed tax incentives amounting to more than P300 billion combined.
This data did not include estimates of potential leakages and cost of local tax incentives, according to the DOF.
In contrast, over 800,000 other corporations registered in 2015 paid regular taxes, which meant that the PEZA only covered the relatively privileged few, mostly large firms, that had been enjoying incentives and would to continue to enjoy them unless the TRAIN 2 was passed, the DOF said.
Package 2 aims to lower the corporate income tax paid by some 95 percent of businesses, while at the same time retaining and providing new fiscal incentives for “deserving recipients” that would contribute to national development and help generate pro-poor investments and jobs.
But in 2017, PEZA said that total investments in the IT-BPM industry for 2017 went down to P15.57 billion — a 48 percent drop compared to the P30.44 billion in 2016.
Still, the BPO industry remained optimistic.
Uligan said they expected a seven to nine percent growth in 2018.
Currently, the Philippines remains the biggest source of contact center services, ahead of its biggest competitor which is India.
Citing data from Texas-based global consulting and research firm The Everest Group, CCAP said the Philippines was expected to take 16 to 18 percent of the total outsourced services globally in 2018. In Cebu City, one of the most supportive local government units to the sector, CCAP said the city government is aiming to add at least 50,000 agents to its current roster of call center professionals, a move that is estimated to increase revenue infusion into the city to P10 billion monthly from the current P7 billion monthly from its over 100,000 agents.
For their part, CIB.O said there are more than 300 IT companies currently located in Cebu that are employing around 150,000 employees.
Collectively, these companies generate an annual income of P29.3 billion.
The local IT-BPM industry is also supported by 450,000 indirect employees who contribute P46.8 billion a year.
Hilton (NYSE: HLT) has committed a total of $50 million over the next five years towards the Hilton Africa Growth Initiative to support the continued expansion of its Sub-Saharan African portfolio.
These funds are intended to support the conversion of around 100 hotels (roughly 20,000 rooms) in multiple African markets into Hilton branded properties, namely into its flagship Hilton Hotels & Resorts brand, the upscale DoubleTree by Hilton and the recently launched Curio Collection by Hilton.
Patrick Fitzgibbon, Senior Vice President, Development, Europe, Middle East and Africa, Hilton said: “Hilton remains committed to growth in Africa having been present on the continent for more than 50 years. The model of converting existing hotels into Hilton branded properties has proved highly successful in a variety of markets and we expect to see great opportunities to convert hotels to Hilton brands through this initiative.”
“It enables us to rapidly grow our portfolio and delivers returns for owners by increasing exposure of their business to more international, inter-regional and domestic travellers, and specifically to our 65 million-plus Hilton Honors members, who look to stay with us in our suite of industry-leading brands. We see huge potential here in key cities and airports, as well as allowing us to develop our offering in resorts and safari lodges.”
These hotels will receive all the benefits associated with Hilton's industry-leading brand proposition and world-class commercial platforms. Guests will also be able to take advantage of Hilton's innovative technology platforms such as online check-in and the ability to choose individual rooms when booking via the Hilton Honors App.
Fitzgibbon added: “The range of brands we have at our disposal allows owners the flexibility to pick the right fit for their property. We have already deployed this initiative in the signing of two hotels: our first DoubleTree by Hilton property in Kenya, and our first hotel in Rwanda, and expect to be able to announce further additions before the end of this year.”
DoubleTree by Hilton Nairobi Hurlingham
The first hotel to benefit from this initiative is the 109 guest room Amber Hotel on Nairobi's Ngong Road, which will re-launch under the upscale DoubleTree by Hilton brand. The hotel, which opened in 2016, is currently undergoing a series of renovations and will join the brand by the end of the year. Following the refurbishment, the hotel will be known as DoubleTree by Hilton Nairobi Hurlingham and will continue to be operated by the owner under a franchise agreement through the leadership of its current General Manager, Elisha Katam.
DoubleTree by Hilton Kigali City Centre
The 153 room Ubumwe Grande Hotel in the Kigali central business district will trade under the upscale DoubleTree by Hilton brand when it fully converts in 2018. This franchised property – with 134 guest rooms and 19 apartments – opened in September 2016. The hotel will undergo some changes in order to rebrand and will be Hilton's first property in Rwanda. Once rebranded, the hotel will trade as the DoubleTree by Hilton Kigali City Centre.
Hilton currently operates 19 hotels in the Sub Saharan Africa region with a further 29 in its pipeline. It has held a presence on the African continent for over 50 years. Visit Newsroom.Hilton.com (http://Newsroom.Hilton.com) for more information.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - ‍NZX REGULATION:
* PLACED A TRADING HALT ON CBL CORP LTD ORDINARY SHARES​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
0
[With Mindhunter set to premiere next week, we're reposting our deep dives into the work of director David Fincher. These articles contain spoilers.]
Se7en is a dark, brooding film focusing on the nature of sin. It's atmospheric, beautifully shot, and thoughtfully constructed. Unfortunately, The Game was a painfully disappointing follow-up where Fincher's cynicism provided too much of a gap. The movie has the veneer of something cathartic and exciting, but whereas the darkness of Se7en had an nasty, beating pulse, The Game was a limp mish-mash of ideas that still managed to culminate into something thoughtful, but the thought was unrewarding when compared to the other movies Fincher would make in most of his other movies. Se7en was a huge step forward, but The Game was an awkward retreat into the basics of filmmaking rather than a glimpse into the soul of its shallow protagonist.
Beginning with the world's WASP-iest home video of a ridiculously unhappy birthday party, we're quickly informed that a depressing childhood has been further marred by a father's suicide leading ultimately to a son's isolation. Nicholas Van Orton (Michael Douglas) is in the process of rebirth as he puts on a watch commemorating his 18th birthday while barely paying any attention to the fact that the day is his 48th birthday. When he gets a surprise call from his brother Conrad (Sean Penn), it's a reluctant celebration with his closest living relative. For Nicholas, it's better to be withdrawn.
The purpose of Nicholas' character is to discover he not only needs other people, but also that he has to start living his life. It's A Christmas Carol meets Wall Street minus any sympathy whatsoever. Set aside the fact that we're supposed to be rooting for an investment banker. Even Fincher doesn't really have as much interest in Nicholas beyond setting him up as a pawn and trying to do it as quickly as possible.
When Nicholas arrives at CRS, it serves a dual purpose: humbling Nicholas and setting up CRS as an ultimate power. Nicholas is told the process will only take an hour, and it ends up taking the entire day as he's poked, prodded, and even assaulted with disturbing images. CRS claims these tests are to ensure that the game is tailored specifically to Nicholas, but as viewers, it's to let us know the dominance of CRS. Fincher shoots their office more like a hi-tech prison as frosted glass chambers informs the inmate that something's happening on the other side, but he can't make out what and he can't get out.
The movie is gorgeously shot (something I could only appreciate once I watched the movie on Blu-ray), and in its own way, it's as oppressive as Se7en and Alien 3. Fincher loves soaking his movies in darks that eat away the corners of the frame. Soon after the “game” begins, Nicholas is at his country club, and even the locker room is closing in on him. It gets to us on a subconscious level so we're already on edge when we see something as overtly creepy as the clown puppet, which is found in the same place as his father's body.
There's a lot of menace in The Game but never much threat. Nicholas' unease keeps coming from the notion that he's not really playing a game except he should always know he's playing a game. If anything, he's getting the full package: adventure, romance, mystery, and the follies of a youth he never had. We can tell that Nicholas Van Orton is someone who never got in trouble a day in his life because he had no choice. He had to fill his father's shoes, and so Conrad got to be the irresponsible one.
“What do you get for the man who has everything?” Conrad asks Nicholas when he gives him the gift of the game. The answer is you give him everything because Nicholas is the audience. Fincher explains on the commentary track:
The Game is a movie about making movies. It's not about Nicholas Van Orton. It's not about him coming to grips with his father's death. And even though on the commentary track John D. Brancato and Michael Ferris say it was Fincher who pushed the script in more of a “Scrooge” direction, it's not about Van Orton really learning from his mistakes to become a better person. There's no wrong he has to right at the end of the movie beyond whether or not he'll take one more leap of faith and go on a date with “Christine” (Deborah Kara Unger). That's an underwhelming achievement at best.
Earlier this week, it was announced China will allow the importation of Canadian fresh-chilled beef in a pilot project and establish documentation to enable bone-in beef trade.
Dennis Laycraft, Executive Vice President with the Canadian Cattlemen's Association, along with Vice President, David Haywood-Farmer, recently accompanied the Federal Agriculture Minister Lawrence MacAulay to China November 22 to 26.
Laycraft says they're confident Canadian beef will do well in the Chinese premium market.
"There is a preference there for a fresh product, which we're certainly capable of providing to China. We do that to about a hundred other countries, so as we move ahead there, we're anticipating hopefully within a matter of weeks we'll start to get approval to move product."
Previously, Canadian beef exports had been limited to frozen boneless beef, and last year bone-in beef was approved in principle.
Laycraft says, as far as Canadian beef exports, China follows the U.S. and Mexico but has recently moved ahead of Japan.
This year is on track to export $100 million worth of Canadian beef to China.
He says China has come to Canada to conduct plant inspections over the last 12 months.
"We're seeking more plants to be approved, which we're expecting imminently to happen, and with that a finalized protocol, so we can start to move the bone-in product into China. Coupled with that, is a pilot project on chill product."
Currently, Canadian beef entering China is subject to a 12 per cent tariff, whereas New Zealand and Australia have Free Trade Agreements with the country.
The Chinese market is evolving more quickly than any other market in the world, Laycraft says.
"As the substantial growth in middle income is occurring, there going out a purchasing more premium products. If you're looking for a premium product, that's where a product like Canadian beef, and associated with Canada's tremendous reputation there, come together."
Laycraft says they're hopeful over time it will lead to a growth in exports to China's quickly growing market.
Council tried to keep multimillion-dollar Christchurch Town Hall budget blowout quiet
DAVID WALKER/STUFF The budget for Christchurch's Town Hall restorations has blown out to $152.2 million, after previous assurances it would not increase from $127.5m.
The budget for the delayed Christchurch Town Hall project has blown out to more than $152 million – and the city council tried to cover up the latest increase.
Three years ago the Christchurch City Council told ratepayers they "did not expect" to pay more than the original $127.5m restoration cost.
But councillors met in secret last week to discuss the latest $12m top-up, which takes the total budget to $152.2m, after it already ballooned to $140.6m.
Mayor Lianne Dalziel and senior council staff agreed to answer questions on the blowout after the information was leaked to Stuff. A public-excluded council meeting agenda showed it was proposed to keep the bust private until December 2019, when the project was due for completion and the full cost would be clear.
READ MORE:
* Budget for delayed Christchurch Town Hall project rises by $7.5m
* OPINION: Costs and delays mounting on Christchurch Town Hall restoration
* Revised total rebuild cost for Christchurch Town Hall and orchestra building not yet known
* No Christchurch Town Hall shows until 2019 as construction 'challenges' push out completion date
* Christchurch Town Hall $127.5m restoration approved
* Town hall restoration on hold
* Councillors vote for full Town Hall restoration
Council major facilities capital delivery manager Alistair Pearson confirmed the increase to $152.2m and said extra costs would fall on the council.
"It's been an evolutionary process right through, so as we peel back the layers we find issues, we find concerns, then we then action those concerns and expend money," he said.
GEORGE HEARD/STUFF Christchurch Mayor Lianne Dalziel says the hall budget blowout has "disappointed" councillors, but she does not regret approving restoration.
"There are other elements where we said 'If we did these functionality improvements now, would that be the right time to do them?'."
The council "added in" new features such as the wind lobby and improved acoustics, the conference room and the upper levels, he said.
The wind lobby was an addition similar to the city council building's Hereford St entrance. The new Christchurch Symphony Orchestra rehearsal facility had also contributed to extra costs, Pearson said.
Dalziel suggested some major spending decisions were made without councillor approval.
"Generally speaking, I think people (councillors) were disappointed it was coming in over what had been budgeted for and how close that information became available to a decision [on the increase] being required," she said.
"There were clearly decisions that had been taken along the way that hadn't been through a proper formal process.
"I'll mention the fly tower … because that was a substantial sum of money … that wasn't formally signed off by council, so I'm also disappointed about that."
JOSEPH JOHNSON/STUFF Former rebuild minister had concerns about restoring the Town Hall and was not surprised by the ballooning budget.
A fly tower is a backstage system that controls sets and other components of shows.
However, Dalziel did not regret approving the restoration.
"What I'm always reminded of is if we'd gone down the pathway of building a brand-new auditorium it would've cost a lot more."
Former Rebuild Minister Gerry Brownlee, who was not convinced the hall was worth restoring, said he was "not surprised at all" to hear about the budget blowout.
"Firstly, the concern we had was just how challenging the land was, because it didn't have the greatest of geotech recommendations on it," he said.
"The Town Hall decision was a nostalgic one; you know, it might work, it might not. I won't make a comment about that, but I'm not surprised it's cost more."
GEORGE HEARD/STUFF It was once hoped the Town Hall would open in June this year, but it is now hoped the facility will be operating by March 2019.
Council customer and community general manager Mary Richardson said it was possible the final cost of the project might be less than $152.2m.
Extra costs would not have an impact on rates and would be found within existing budgets.
Meanwhile, changes have been made to the restoration, including adding two council general managers to the project steering group.
"We are looking closely at the way we run all the projects in the future," Richardson said.
"There were a lot of variations that were made along the way and were a lot of things that we're still waiting for final prices on, so there was potential for the price to go up as decisions were being made.
"Council probably wasn't fully aware of the potential for escalations early enough."
- Stuff
Our ahistorical president is late to everything.
On Feb. 1, President Trump saluted black abolitionist Frederick Douglass, who died in 1895, as “an example of somebody who has done an amazing job and is being recognized more and more, I notice.”
In March, at a Women's Empowerment Panel at the White House, he lauded suffragette icon Susan B. Anthony — “Have you heard of Susan B. Anthony? I'm shocked that you've heard of her.”
So really, is it any surprise that Trump was unforgivably tardy in linking white supremacists, Neo-Nazis and the KKK to the death Saturday of a counter-protester at a pro-white supremacy “Unite the Right” demonstration Saturday in Virginia?
The victim, 32-year-old paralegal Heather Heyer, was run down by a car in what appears to be yet another act of domestic terrorism by a white extremist. (See: Timothy McVeigh, Ted Kaczynski, Scott Roeder, Dylan Roof, James Hodgkinson.) In a Toledo Blade profile of the 20-year-old suspect, his high school history teacher said James Alex Fields Jr. had been fascinated by Adolf Hitler.
After two days of being hammered by Democrats and Republicans alike for his milquetoast statement condemning violence “on many sides,” Trump stood at a lectern in the White House on Monday and, in stilted tones, read a condemnation that to these ears sounded like one of the loudest dog whistles in American history.
“We must love each other, show affection for each other and unite together in the condemnation of hatred, bigotry and violence,” said Trump, who has tried to keep Muslims from our shores, called Mexicans “rapists” and “bad hombres,” announced that transgender soldiers have no place in the military, encouraged police chiefs to rough up arrestees and described a reporter to supporters at a rally as “absolute scum” (requiring a Secret Service escort so MSNBC's Katy Tur could get safely to her car).
Does anyone think that the neo-Nazis and white supremacists who descended on Charlottesville Saturday to protest the removal of a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee are feeling chastened now that their president has rebuked them with a teleprompter speech delivered with all the emotion of a wooden plank?
Of course not. White supremacists could see that Trump's speech was made under duress. Who takes those words seriously?
Actor Bryan Cranston tweeted that Trump sounded “like a hostage forced to read a statement by his captors.”
::
Monday afternoon, a few hours after Trump's absurdly late statement, I caught a news conference with the man who had headlined the weekend's “Unite the Right” demonstrations in Charlottesville.
Richard Spencer has supplanted former Ku Klux Klan Imperial Wizard David Duke as the face many (like White House advisor Steve Bannon) are now calling the “alt-right.” In truth, the alt-right is simply the hipster version of the white supremacy movement.
Spencer, as you may have noticed, is particularly obsessed with appearances: He wears spiffy suits with pocket squares and has revived the haircut style dubbed “Hitler Youth.” (Long on top, super short on the sides.)
He condemns violence, says it is counterproductive.
And yet he spoke in almost wistful terms about the “beautiful torchlight demonstration” he organized on the University of Virginia campus Friday night, the one that evoked for many horrified onlookers the terror raids and cross burnings of the KKK.
“To do something at night with flames and light?” Spencer said. “It's gorgeous.”
But what about the KKK? asked a reporter.
“I don't care,” Spencer replied. “The idea that the KKK has a monopoly on torches? It's not the case. Millions of people use torches as a way of evoking a mystical atmosphere. Not a Southern thing, not a KKK thing.”
Oh, but it is. And we all know it.
::
White nationalists like Spencer gave Trump's campaign a real boost, which undoubtedly is why the president had to be forced to condemn them.
Reporters on Monday asked if Spencer still considered Trump an ally.
“Obviously, the alt-right has come so far in the last two years, in terms of public exposure,” Spencer said. “Is Donald Trump one of the major causes of that? Of course….We were connected to Donald Trump on a psychic level.”
White people, he said, have been dispossessed “over the course of decades,” and the dispossession is not just demographic but moral — “the delegitimization of the white man.”
“At some point,” Spencer said, “there was going to be a reckoning. And Donald Trump is part of that, and the alt-right is part of that as well.”
There should be a reckoning. But not on behalf of whiny white people frustrated because they sense their racial privilege is slipping away.
American citizens must stand up and say they have had enough of the hatred and bigotry that has animated the rise of Donald Trump, and empowered racist ideologues like Spencer.
Favorable news for Turkish tomato producers and exporters continues to come from Russia as its agricultural watchdog, the Russian Federal Service for Veterinary and Phytosanitary Surveillance, said in a statement that five more Turkish companies will be allowed to export tomatoes to the country as of April 24.Russia has allowed tomato imports from a total of 15 Turkish companies since March 29.
In October last year, Russia signed a decree lifting its restrictions on the import of tomatoes from Turkey beginning Nov. 1, 2017. However, Moscow implemented an import quota.
It started importing tomatoes from Turkey in November. Initially, only four local companies were able to sell 50,000 tons of tomatoes to Russia.
The ban on Turkish agricultural products was placed after Turkey shot down a Russian military jet over an airspace violation in November 2015.
Meanwhile, Economy Minister Nihat Zeybekci was in Russia on Monday to discuss the trade and economic relations between the two countries.
Zeybekci met with Russian Agriculture Minister Alexander Tkachev and the Russian-Turkish Intergovernmental Commission on Trade and Economic Cooperation's co-president, Russian Energy Minister Alexander Novak, in the capital Moscow. Zeybekci said in a statement that during the meeting with Novak, they had discussed the positive aspects of the relationship between the two countries and stated that they are committed to resolving problems.
Passengers suffering disruption because of a huge improvement programme at Britain's busiest railway station faced extra misery on Tuesday after a points failure caused a passenger service to collide with a Network Rail engineering wagon.
South West Trains (SWT) tweeted that the delays were caused by a "points failure/operating incident" near London Waterloo.
But delayed passengers tweeted pictures of the SWT service leaning against the engineering wagon.
London Ambulance‏ Service said it had checked over three people following the "derailment", adding: "Thankfully they did not need to go to hospital."
Meanwhile, a train at London's King's Cross Station appeared to have hit the buffers on platform nine.
Staff in high visibility overalls were gathered around the front of the train and a cordon was in place.
Station staff refused to discuss what had happened.
James Woods is retiring from the entertainment industry and news of his exit came in the most unusual of ways on Friday: through a press release related to a property he's selling in Rhode Island.
The Oscar-nominated star's news came via the real estate agent Allen Gammons, who is listing Woods' Exeter, R.I., lake property, according to the Associated Press.
Gammons said the 70-year-old “Ray Donovan” alum wants to relax and simplify his life by selling his many real estate holdings on both coasts, the Providence Journal reported. He added that since Woods' brother and mother recently died, the veteran actor hopes to spend more time on passions including photography, antiquing and poker.
The $1.39-million property sits on Boone Lake in Exeter and is one of Woods' four Rhode Island homes, the Journal said. It includes two lakefront houses and has been in the Woods family for decades. Woods will also keep a pied-à-terre in the state, he added.
The outspoken conservative actor, whose major credits include “Casino,” “Once Upon a Time in America,” “Rudy,” “Too Big to Fail” and his Oscar-nominated turns in 1986's “Salvador” and 1996's “Ghosts of Mississippi,” has said his political views have made it challenging to find work in Hollywood. However, Gammons said Woods' decision to retire was not political.
The move comes on the heels of last month's Twitter brouhaha with Armie Hammer and Amber Tamblyn, who accused Woods of hitting on her when she was 16 — an allegation that he called a lie.
After the tragic shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida left 17 people dead, student survivors and activists have never been more dedicated to enact change to make schools safer once and for all. Students, activists, and local community members banded together to organize the upcoming March For Our Lives demonstrations that will be taking place across the country this weekend. But if you're not able to attend one of the marches on Saturday, March 24 and are wondering how to support the March For Our Lives movement from afar, don't worry because there are plenty of ways to stand with its mission even if you're not physically there.
The central march will take place in Washington, D.C. this Saturday, starting at 12 p.m. local time, according to the demonstration's website. There are also plenty of sister marches happening around the nation as well, all marching with the same goal in mind: to put an end to gun violence. Or, as the march's mission statement put it: "The mission and focus of March For Our Lives is to demand that a comprehensive and effective bill be immediately brought before Congress to address these gun issues."
If you can't make it to your local march or to D.C., there are still plenty of ways to get involved and show your support for the movement. Here are a few ways.
Spread The Word
Even if you can't make it to the march, that doesn't mean that others in your social circle can't. There are plenty of sister marches happening around the United States, so see if there's one near your town and if there is, post about it on social media. Send it to your group chat, too.
Just let others know that they could go themselves, even if you can't. And if those around you are also unable to attend, there are still other ways for you all to help out.
Donate To The GoFundMe Page
No matter how much you can contribute, money can always help those succeed in their mission to make lasting change, especially when divisive politics are concerned. And, remember, the organizers behind the March For Our Lives demonstrations are teens, so they could definitely use plenty of support and know that any donated funds will go to a good cause.
"The funds will be spent on the incredibly difficult and expensive process that is organizing a march like this," the march's GoFundMe page noted. "We have people making more specific plans, but for now know that this is for the march and everything left over will be going to the victims' funds."
So whether it's $1 or $100, it'll be going to a worthy cause.
Download "Shine"
Another way to help out the kids behind March For Our Lives is to purchase and download the charity single, "SHINE." The song was performed at a CNN town hall a week after the shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School and now it's available to purchase. Per Billboard, the song is "a track written by two survivors of the shooting, 16-year-old Sawyer Garrity and 15-year-old Andrea Peña."
Additionally, proceeds will go towards the March For Our Lives, as well as "the SHINE MSD Fund at the Broward Education Foundation, a non-profit that will help support the victims and their families through community mental health and arts programs," according to Billboard.
Register To Vote
As stated in the mission statement, the main goal of the march is to ensure that legislation to protect students is put in place. If you aren't registered to vote already, a pretty simple way to help and support the march is by doing so. Use your vote to support candidates who are in favor of safer gun legislation.
Check out Romper's new video series, Bearing The Motherload, where disagreeing parents from different sides of an issue sit down with a mediator and talk about how to support (and not judge) each other's parenting perspectives. New episodes air Mondays on Facebook.
The Justice Department and the Federal Communications Commission are scrutinizing the transaction, with a decision possible in coming weeks. At issue is whether Sinclair, which grew from a single TV station in Baltimore in 1971, can win approval for the purchase of Tribune's 42 stations, including outlets in New York and Los Angeles. The purchase would lift Sinclair's station total to more than 200.
BUFFALO, N.Y. (WIVB) – Some youngsters took time Friday to show how much they appreciate local veterans.
About 200 first- and second-graders in at Hoover Elementary in the Town of Tonawanda School District made valentines for local veterans- a program that State Sen. Chris Jacobs has been putting on since he was Erie County Clerk.
Eva Amurri has opened up about the possibility of her suffering from depression in the aftermath of a freak accident which resulted in her son having a cracked skull.
The freak accident occurred while Eva and her husband were asleep and their night nurse was looking after Major James.
“A couple of days after Thanksgiving, our Night Nurse fell asleep while holding Major and dropped him, and he cracked his head on the hardwood floor,” Amurri Martino, 31, wrote.
“[Husband Kyle Martino] and I were sleeping at the time and were awoken by the sound of his head hitting the floor, and then hysterical piercing screams. Added Amurri Martino, “He suffered a fractured skull and bleeding on his brain, and was transported by ambulance to Yale Medical Center where I spent two harrowing days with him to receive emergency care and further testing. To say these were the most traumatic and anxious two days of my life is an understatement.”
This is genuinely one of the most shocking, heartbreaking stories we've ever reported on. When you leave your child in the care of someone else, you don't expect anything of this nature to happen.
Thankfully, it seems like Major James …read more
Read more here:: THG
East Haven firefighters responded to Gerrish Ave. at around 3:30 a.m. this morning on a call of smoke emitting from a roof, fire officials say.
Officials say that upon arrival, firefighters found a small fire on the 3rd floor of the multi-family home that was quickly extinguished.
According to officials, all occupants made it out of the building safely by the time fire crews arrived on scene and no one was injured.
Check Back for Updates.
AN historic moment for Llanidloes Rotary Club has been marked with the induction of its first female member.
Jan L'tell was one of three new members to be welcomed to the club at its latest meeting, along with her husband Tony, and Nick Quick.
A club spokesperson said: “Although every new member is warmly welcomed, Jan has broken the myth that the Rotary Club is a male only organisation.
“Jan's membership may be historic to the Llanidloes Club however it is quite normal throughout Rotary, with the district currently being governed by Governor Beryl Cotton.
“Rotary is a global network of 1.2 million friends, leaders and problem solvers with more than 35,000 clubs worldwide, and Jan's arrival was warmly welcomed by president Stephen Meyer and fellow Rotarians.”
Jan and Tony are best known around the town for running Llani Leisure. Tony has years of experience organising endurance events and his expertise and fellowship has already been of great benefit to the community and Llanidloes Rotary.
Retired engineer Nick, of Cwmbelan, thanked the club after his induction, explaining the kindness shown to him by fellow Rotarians was remarkable.
The new Rotarians were treated to a talk from Rotarian Alan King after their meal. Alan is the new speaker secretary and gave a talk on his life which is common practice within the first two years of membership.
If you think you have something to give to the community or would like to benefit from the fellowship Rotary provides, then speak to a local Rotarian or contact the club via its Facebook page.
n RIGHT: Rotarian Jan L'tell.
Police cracking down on speeding after child hit on Cape Coral street
Police are focusing on speeding in one Cape Coral neighborhood after a car ran over a little boy.
Dash cam video caught the car driving wildly out of control after it hit the child. It happened around two weeks ago.
Cape police say they've focused on traffic patrols in the neighborhood after the incident.
A neighbor who saw the terrifying moment called 911 and chased after the driver, who police say is 30-year-old Ashley Wood.
The boy was rushed to the hospital as a good Samaritan led police to the driver accused of leaving him on the side of the road.
The mother of the child who was hit says he is on the mend and just celebrated his birthday.
Reporter: Brooke Shafer
Writer: Erica Brown
Snack tips, fashion trends and thoughtful advice on getting kids and teens ready for the return to the classroom.
If you liked this story, you'll love our newspaper. Click here to subscribe
Now owned by barbeque maker Weber, the iGrill family of Bluetooth meat thermometers let you see the temperature inside your meat, via an app or small console.
Weber
It's the season to take your party to the backyard. But that doesn't mean you need to be without your tech.
Some devices worked better than others, as you'll see below, so consider the following a handful of tips to enhance your summer fun in the front or backyard.
A word to the wireless
If you want Wi-Fi in the backyard, you may want to invest in a MESH system, like Dlink's Covr, to broaden the reach of your wireless network.
D-Link Corp/D-Link systems
If you're bringing a Wi-Fi speaker to enjoy music by the pool – such as a Sonos One or Google Home Max – remember your wireless network will have to extend outside.
If your router can't handle it, buy yourself an inexpensive repeater or extender to help broaden the range of your router. They start at about $25.
Or better yet, if you're due for an upgrade, consider a “MESH” Wi-Fi system that often includes two, three or four pucks or hubs (access points) to place around your home. Make sure one is near the door or window closest to where you are outside.
Personally, I've had great success with the D-Link Covr system ($214), which also replaces your router.
Especially now that your neighbors might be able to access your network, be sure to have a good password on it – so they can't steal your Wi-Fi – and for added privacy, don't have your family name as part of your network name (SSID), like “SmithFamily.” My little trick? I call my wireless network “Virus Alert,” so people might be reluctant to join it. Sneaky, huh?
You can always go with a Bluetooth wireless speaker, too, of course. I've been playing around with the impressive Monster Dynamite Waterproof Bluetooth Speaker ($229), which can float on water and has a 12-hour battery (and can charge up your smartphone, too).
Monster's Dynamite speaker isn't just wireless and waterproof, but it's floatable, too.
Monster
Other recommended outdoor tech items include a SunBrite TV (from $1,499) to binge Netflix shows while soaking in a hot tub, the iGrill 2 ($67) Bluetooth-enabled BBQ meat thermometer and the Parrot Flower Power Wireless Plant Sensor ($99).
Lights, power, action
Portable battery packs like these Mophie models are good to have outdoors in the summer.
mophie
To avoid plugging your tech into an AC outlet, which might prove challenging while lying in the sun, make sure you have a good battery pack for your smartphone, such as Mophie Portable Chargers (from $49).
I didn't have much luck with a solar charger I tried – the Goal Zero Nomad 7 Plus Solar Pane ($99) – as it just took way too long to juice up my smartphone. A battery booster is still the right way to go, but try to avoid having your devices in direct sunlight, too, which can impact performance.
The Kindle Oasis waterproof ebook reader is more ideal for outside reading than a glare-causing tablet.
Amazon.com
Speaking of lighting, my wife Kellie and I recently installed Philips HUE light bulbs inside the home and on our backyard deck, and we love being able to use our voice (via Alexa and Google Assistant) or the app to dim the lights, change colors or set schedules and a timer. Prices are $199 for a Philips HUE Starter Kit (four bulbs and a wireless bridge). While they're not technically designed for outside use, they work on our (covered) deck, but Philips will soon release an outdoor line of HUE products, in white or color bulbs (from $129).
E-book readers such as the waterproof Amazon Kindle Oasis (from $249) are recommended over tablets, as they're much easier to read in bright sunshine.
Robots, please
Let a robot cut your grass for you while you sip a cold one in a lawn chair. That's the idea behind the Husqvarna Automower 315x.
Husqvarna AB
We've been using Husqvarna's robotic lawnmower products for a couple of years now.
Yes, just like a Roomba can vacuum your floor indoors, the aptly named Automowers (from $1,499) will quietly cut your grass in a front yard or backyard. You first need to install a ground wire (included) for the lawn mower to follow and avoid areas you don't want it to go into (such as a flower garden), but it will navigate around other objects, such as rocks, garden gnomes or fences.
The weatherproof Husqvarna Automower 315x ($1,999) is also smart enough to detect when it's running low on battery, navigate itself back to the base, charge itself up and then continue the job. You can give commands via keypad, through the app and, coming soon, using your voice (with support for both Amazon Echo and Google Home devices).
Anti-theft technologies include a high-decibel siren and GPS tracking.
Caveat emptor
Being a gadget geek, I was intrigued by the Q18S smartwatch from Wish.com, at only $22 – including shipping!
I mean, at a fraction of the price of an Apple Watch or Android Wear device, it was worth giving this a shot to wear around this summer.
Wearable tech is great for summer, but not this inexpensive Q18S model found online.
JZORI
According to the description, not only does it calculate your activity and show you who's texting and calling, but it has a color touch screen, built-in camera, a slot for a nano SIM card (to use without needing a smartphone) and expandable memory (say, to hold music files).
Alas, the issues started right away. I used my smartphone to scan the QR code in the manual to download the companion app, but once installed, a number of Alibaba pop-up ads kept showing up on my phone. Sigh. The camera only takes photos upside down, strangely, and both of the valid SIM cards I own didn't work.
Well, that was that. I guess you get what you pay for.
Follow Marc on Twitter: @marc_saltzman. Email him at tech@marcsaltzman.com
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
At least 25 people were detained in the Polish town of Elk on Sunday after they smashed up a kebab diner and clashed with police, throwing firecrackers and stones. Up to 300 people took part in a rally after a Pole was allegedly killed by men of Arab descent.
City authorities in Elk, a city of 60,000 in northeast Poland, have requested extra police forces to be dispatched to secure public order after mass disturbances rocked its streets on Sunday. A few hundred locals gathered in front of the Prince Kebab diner to light up candles in a vigil for a 21-year-old Daniel, a local resident, who is said to have been stabbed to death in a brawl involving foreign employees of the café on Saturday night.
Under an investigation launched by police, four people were arrested. Although police have not officially revealed the nationality of the suspects, Polish media reported they were two Algerians, a Tunisian and a Moroccan. All the suspects are said to be had been working at the vandalized diner, which is owned by a local entrepreneur.
Full story: rt.com
Milan: A lone gunman opened fire on foreigners in drive-by shootings in a central Italian city, wounding an undisclosed number of people on Saturday morning before being arrested, police said.
The suspect's motive wasn't immediately clear, but the city of Macerata is still reeling from the gruesome killing of a young Italian woman this week, allegedly at the hands of a Nigerian immigrant.
Police said all those wounded were foreigners and they later confirmed the arrest of the unidentified suspect about two hours after the shooting erupted in the city of Macerata.
Video posted by the newspaper il Resto di Carlino showed what appeared to be a body on the ground on a shopping street.
The shooting spree came days after the murder of 18- year-old Pamela Mastropietro and amid a heated electoral campaign in Italy where anti-foreigner sentiment has become a key theme.
The head of the anti-migrant Northern League, Matteo Salvini, has capitalized on the killing in campaign appearances, and is pledging to deport 150,000 migrants in his first year in office if his party wins control of parliament and he is named premier.
The teen's dismembered remains were found Wednesday in two suitcases, two days after she walked away from a drug rehab community.
Police haven't said how many people have been wounded in Saturday's shootings.
The news agency ANSA said two of the injured were black, and that witnesses reported that the car was seen in the area where the woman's body was found and also near where the suspect lived.
Police had warned people to stay inside while the shootings were ongoing. Authorities ordered public transport halted and that students be kept inside schools, which are open on Saturdays.
Italians vote in the general election on 4 March.
Six Zimbabwean startups have received funding from the Postal and Telecommunications Regulatory Authority of Zimbabwe (POTRAZ) as part of the country's ICT Innovation Drive.
The ICT Innovation Drive was launched last week, aimed at backing innovative Zimbabwean startups and making their services available on platforms run by mobile operators Telecel, NetOne and Econet.
The three mobile operators will make the solutions available to their customers, while they are also contributing around one per cent of their revenues into the project.
A total of 188 applications were received for the drive, with six startups eventually chosen. They are school management software Redpen, agri-tech startup Shift Organic Technologies, e-learning platform NatiV Project, online music store Oyos, deaf communication platform Purple Signs, and e-health startup Afrimom.
GAINES TOWNSHIP, Mich. (WOOD) — One person was hospitalized after a van crashed into an overpass along M-6 on Monday.
The van hit the East Paris Avenue bridge over eastbound M-6 in Gaines Township, south of Kentwood.
One person was taken to the hospital via ambulance. The nature and severity of that person's injuries are not yet known.
It wasn't immediately clear what caused the crash.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
After nine years, Hatice Koşman and Turgut Dinçer Güneri wanted to tie the knot and get married with a ceremony overseen by their family and friends. But things went sideways when the bride, Koşman, jokingly answered "no" at first when the registrar asked if she wanted to marry Güneri, but continued by saying, "it is impossible to say no to the groom." However, this little joke made the registrar very angry and despite all the efforts to persuade him otherwise, the registrar left the wedding, without completing the ceremony.
After leaving in tears, Koşman and Güneri had to return to their family's homes, still not married.
Speaking to the press following the incident, the couple said they have to set another date to get married and the bride said she will never make a joke again.
The mayor of the couple's hometown - Turgutlu, Manisa - made a statement after the event and said he would be happy to perform the marriage ceremony for the couple as soon as possible.
3:20
Trump to Russia-linked ex-advisors: Keep your distance
2:44
AG Sessions says DOJ will cut funding to sanctuary cities
1:30
Newsletter
Sign up for weekly cruise news, fun contests, and exclusive offers delivered right to your inbox!
By Patricia Zengerle
| WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON The U.S. Senate voted overwhelmingly on Wednesday for new sanctions punishing Russia for meddling in the 2016 U.S. election, and to force President Donald Trump to get Congress' approval before easing any existing sanctions.The vote was 97 to two for the legislation, filed as an amendment to an Iran sanctions bill. It is intended to punish Russia over issues including alleged meddling in the election, annexation of Ukraine's Crimea region and support for the government of Syria in that country's six-year-long civil war.The measure sets up a process for Congress to review changes in sanctions, puts into law actions previously established via presidential executive order, imposes new sanctions on Russians found guilty of human rights abuses or conducting cyberattacks.
It was introduced amid an intense focus in the U.S. capital on relations with Russia, and investigations by the Department of Justice and congressional committees of whether Russia sought to influence the 2016 U.S. elections to help elect Trump, and whether Trump associates colluded with Moscow as it sought to influence the election.Moscow denies any such activity, which Trump has dismissed as sour grapes by the Democrats he defeated.
The Iran bill, including the Russia sanctions amendment, was expected to pass the Senate on Thursday or later on Wednesday.To take effect, the measure would also have to pass the House of Representatives and be signed into law by Trump. If Trump objected, some of its backers said they expected enough congressional support to override a veto.
"Today the Senate has finally confronted Russia for interfering in our elections. This bipartisan amendment is the sanctions regime that the Kremlin deserves for its actions," said Democratic Senator Jeanne Shaheen, a leader of the push for the legislation.The only two "no" votes on the Russia bill were from Republican Senators Mike Lee and Rand Paul. (Reporting by Patricia Zengerle; Editing by Tom Brown)
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed.
","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['www.eurosport.ru_other_top_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_top_mobile', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_top_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_top_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '2466', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "www.eurosport.ru","position": "top","page": "live","sport": "57","recurring_event": "565","competition": "161","sponso": "on","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_top_desktop_sponso_on","other_top_tablet_sponso_on","other_top_mobile_sponso_on")]) : {"site": "www.eurosport.ru","position": "top","page": "live","sport": "57","recurring_event": "565","competition": "161","sponso": "on","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('www.eurosport.ru_other_top_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_top_desktop_sponso_on","other_top_tablet_sponso_on","other_top_mobile_sponso_on")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->
Armed suspect robs BB&T bank in Punta Gorda, police say
A BB&T bank was robbed Wednesday afternoon on U.S. 41, according to the Punta Gorda Police Department.
Police received the call of the robbery around 2:55 p.m. at the bank on U.S. 41 and Airport Road. The suspect was armed, but fled on foot.
No injuries were reported, according to police. It's unclear if the suspect left with cash.
The suspect is described as a man in his 50s wearing a blue and white striped shirt, wire rimmed glasses, a ball cap and flip flops, police said.
Police are on scene conducting interviews.
Count on WINK News for more information as details become available.
Writer: Rachel Ravina
Whenever chaos engulfed the UCLA basketball team during games this past season, Lonzo Ball usually had the perfect response.
Dribbling downcourt, instead of making his usual pass, he would suddenly stop from beyond the three-point line, trust his instincts, and fire.
Moon shot, big splash, order restored.
When it comes to figuring out what could be the most important draft pick in franchise history next week, the Lakers need to adopt the same philosophy.
Slow down, trust your instincts, take the big shot.
The Lakers need to ignore the growing piles of clutter and simply draft Ball, and while that's been written here before, it bears repeating because it seems everyone in El Segundo is starting to sweat.
They're suddenly concerned about Ball's toughness, even though he led his Chino Hills High team and UCLA to a combined 48 straight victories while under the heat of a clamoring public and overbearing father.
They're now worried about his defense, even though that defense was the hallmark of the Bruins' run to the Sweet 16.
They're concerned about his nonchalant body language, but that's just how he looks. Anyone who watched the Bruins regularly knows this. He looked especially bored when he had 11 rebounds while helping UCLA erase a 19-point deficit in a win against Oregon. He looked really blah when he had nine assists in the second half of a second-round NCAA tournament win over Cincinnati.
The Lakers thought his solo workout last week was just average, but his strength is not as a solo player. The Lakers are becoming enamored with the size and athleticism of Kansas' Josh Jackson, but they cannot ignore Ball's vision and smarts.
Ball is a perfect fit for their offense. He's a perfect fit for Luke Walton's system. He's an imperfect player who indeed needs to work on his shot and his defense, but he has the sort of court awareness and basketball IQ that just cannot be taught.
I watched him do these all season at UCLA, at least until Ball was mauled by De'Aaron Fox of Kentucky in the Sweet 16 after suffering an apparent hamstring injury. The Lakers saw the same thing, and understood the big picture. Despite all the hometown and family pressure, Ball helped UCLA rebound from a 15-win, non-tournament season to a 31-5 record and two tournament wins.
The Lakers got it. Nearly a month ago, this was a slam dunk. When they were awarded the No. 2 overall pick in the draft lottery, they were prepared to take him on the spot.
But since then, the realities of the enormous pressure surrounding this pick all has made them all a little dizzy.
There is pressure on Magic Johnson and Rob Pelinka to connect on their first big swing together. This cannot be a whiff. They cannot make a mistake. The future of the rebuilding franchise depends on it. Their reputation as the new Lakers leaders rests on it.
There is pressure under the distant yet looming presence of Jerry West. Who knows young players better than the Lakers icon? Yet the Lakers had no room for him, and, by draft day, he might have already decided to leave the Golden State Warriors for the Clippers.
There is pressure from their fans who would love to see the local kid, making Ball the safest pick, although the Lakers should not listen to that. At this point, the safest thing they can do is actually start winning again.
There is so much pressure here, the Lakers obviously have to do their due diligence, and so they have. They brought in Jackson for a second workout, even though they already have Brandon Ingram, because the Warriors showed the power of skilled big wings with the likes of Kevin Durant, Draymond Green and Andre Igoudala.
They scheduled Ball for a second workout, where hopefully he will allow them to see him actually pass the ball to someone.
They even set up a workout with No. 1 overall pick favorite Markelle Fultz of Washington, because there is a chance Phoenix could trade with Boston for the first pick and take Ball, which would leave the Lakers with a nice consolation prize in Fultz.
All this examination is good. All this research is comforting. And by all accounts, the Lakers management is not fighting over their favorites, but unified in their stance.
And that stance is, they're still not sure.
This is, incidentally, not about their fears over distractions caused by Ball's father LaVar. They know the Lakers brand is far bigger than his bluster. LaVar will be no factor in this decision. Even minor concerns about Lonzo's constant deference to his father's nutty behavior were quelled this week with the release of a hilarious Foot Locker commercial where Lonzo mocks his father's domineering style.
The Lakers still aren't sure, because they're just not sure Lonzo Ball is good enough.
Yet if they look at the last six months instead of the last six minutes, and then look past their fears and around the draft room, they'll surely come to the realization of, who's better?
Slow down, trust your instincts, take the big shot.
CAPTION It's the final week of practice for the Chargers in San Diego, before moving the organization to Los Angeles. Quarterback Philip Rivers and tight end Antonio Gates talk about what it means to leave Chargers Park. It's the final week of practice for the Chargers in San Diego, before moving the organization to Los Angeles. Quarterback Philip Rivers and tight end Antonio Gates talk about what it means to leave Chargers Park. CAPTION It's the final week of practice for the Chargers in San Diego, before moving the organization to Los Angeles. Quarterback Philip Rivers and tight end Antonio Gates talk about what it means to leave Chargers Park. It's the final week of practice for the Chargers in San Diego, before moving the organization to Los Angeles. Quarterback Philip Rivers and tight end Antonio Gates talk about what it means to leave Chargers Park. CAPTION Where does Sergio Romo get his personality? He's always been the one bouncing off the walls, his family said. Where does Sergio Romo get his personality? He's always been the one bouncing off the walls, his family said. CAPTION Sergio Romo's family and high school coach reacted to the news that he would join the Los Angeles Dodgers after playing nine seasons for the San Francisco Giants. Sergio Romo's family and high school coach reacted to the news that he would join the Los Angeles Dodgers after playing nine seasons for the San Francisco Giants. CAPTION Growing up in Brawley, Calif. Sergio Romo learned to pitch on a makeshift baseball diamond that his dad built in the backyard. Growing up in Brawley, Calif. Sergio Romo learned to pitch on a makeshift baseball diamond that his dad built in the backyard. CAPTION UCLA guard Lonzo Ball met with the media following an individual workout with the Los Angeles Lakers. The Lakers will make the No. 2 pick in the NBA draft on June 22. UCLA guard Lonzo Ball met with the media following an individual workout with the Los Angeles Lakers. The Lakers will make the No. 2 pick in the NBA draft on June 22.
bill.plaschke@latimes.com
Get more of Bill Plaschke's work and follow him on Twitter @BillPlaschke
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE Detroit won the game, but lost a key contributor. With a month until the season starts, the team has to figure out where it's going to get its pass rush. Justin Rogers, The Detroit News
Colts injured quarterback Andrew Luck and Lions wide receiver Marvin Jones Jr. shakes hands on the field after the Lions' 24-10 exhibition victory Sunday in Indianapolis. (Photo: Daniel Mears / Detroit News)
Indianapolis — It's certainly not the type of play you want to end your day, especially when you've only been granted a finite amount of snaps, but Detroit Lions receiver Marvin Jones isn't sweating the turnover that came on his fourth and final snap of the team's preseason opener.
With the Lions' first-team offense on the move during the opening possession against the Colts, quarterback Matthew Stafford looked Jones' direction and fired a quick pass to the receiver slanting across the middle. But two-time Pro Bowl cornerback Vontae Davis made the read and delivered stiff hit to Jones just as the ball reached the receiver in the hands.
“It was kind of a bang-bang play and the ball popped up,” Jones said. “It was simultaneous. It was a good break by him.”
The deflection floated into the arms of Colts defensive end John Simon, ending the drive, as well as Stafford and Jones' day as several offensive starters headed to the bench in favor of younger backups.
Jones would have loved to keep playing, but only because the competitive juices were flowing, not because he was eager to make up for the turnover. But the veteran receiver was understanding about his limited playing time.
“It's part of the process,” Jones said. “It's the preseason and the young guys have to get a lot of looks. Some of these young guys are going to help us win football games.”
Jones, who signed with the Lions last season, had 55 catches for a career-high 930 yards. He was pacing the NFL in receiving yardage through the first quarter of the season, but faded down the stretch. He also had some issues with dropped passes for the first time in his career.
He insists he hasn't let the sluggish finish carry into the start of this new campaign. He's looked recharged during training camp. On Friday, he opened a joint practice with the Colts by blowing past Davis for a long touchdown on a deep ball from Stafford.
“I'm just focused on this season and being the best me this season,” he said. “There's no lingering anything from last season.”
Lions' inactives
The following players didn't participate in the preseason opener: Guard T.J. Lang, defensive ends Armonty Bryant and Cornelius Washington, offensive tackles Cyrus Kouandjio and Cornelius Lucas, linebacker Nick Bellore, running back Mike James, defensive tackles Haloti Ngata and Jordan Hill, running back Theo Riddick, safety Don Carey, safety Tavon Wilson, and tight ends Eric Ebron and Tim Wright.
jdrogers@detroitnews.com
twitter.com/justin_rogers
Unitarian Universalist Church of Greater Bridgeport will host a community spaghetti dinner on Saturday, May 6, from 5 to 6:30 p.m., at the church's fellowship hall, 275 Huntington Road, Stratford.
Dinner will include spaghetti and meatballs, salad, bread, dessert and beverages at $10 for adults, $5 for those ages 2-15, and children under 2 are free. Vegan options are available.
Drop-ins are welcome, but reservations are appreciated by emailing [email protected] or calling 203-378-1020.
One of the victims in Tuesday morning's Corydon Avenue shooting has died.
Winnipeg police have confirmed 37-year-old was taken off life support.
READ MORE: One of two Bar Italia shooting victims identified
Friends have identified him as Noel Ramirez. He and another victim were shot outside Bar Italia just after midnight Tuesday.
Friends said Ramirez was a father and chef and that the news Tuesday came as a complete shock.
According to eye witnesses, at least three or four shots were fired before the suspect fled.
Witnesses also reported seeing a black SUV leaving the scene.
Police have not released any information about a possible suspect or suspects.
Story continues below The male victim, a 37-year-old, has since succumbed to his to injuries. Homicide Unit investigators are asking anyone with information, or that had been in the area at the time of the shooting, to call 204-986-6508 or Crime Stoppers at 204-786-TIPS (8477).https://t.co/MYSpY7Jb64 — Winnipeg Police (@wpgpolice) May 30, 2018
Another person, a 28-year-old woman, was also shot but released from hospital.
The incident happened around 12:30 a.m. Tuesday morning when shots were fired outside the busy local bar.
Cockburn Street was taped off between Corydon Avenue and McMillan Avenue and remained closed until late into the day.
Forensics investigators spent hours placing evidence markers on the street next to the popular patio. Markers could also be seen further away from the bar next to Benson Park.
BUFFALO, N.Y. (WIVB)- Community leaders on the front lines of the violence in Buffalo are calling for peace.
There have been at least six shootings in the past 11 days. Two men have been killed by the violence.
Homicide detectives were called to Dodge Street late Saturday night after 44 year old Lonnie Anthony, from Cheektowaga, was killed while sitting in a car. It happened on the 100 block, according to police.
Buffalo Police responded to a shooting on East Ferry St. on Saturday morning.
On Friday, detectives were called to a drive-by on Edison Ave.
Two days before that, on Wednesday, 25 year old Michael Herrera was killed during a drive-by shooting on Strauss St.
“First and foremost our condolences go out to the families,” said Leonard Lane, president of the Buffalo Father's Group. “The violence has to stop and it has to stop now.”
He and leaders of Buffalo Peacemakers, Stop the Violence Coalition, and SNUG are on the streets everyday talking to young men involved in the violence.
They work in the neighborhoods to diffuse conflict before it boils over.
“Eighty-five percent of the action around shootings taking place in Buffalo since January has been directly, or indirectly, related to robberies or one person taking something from another person,” said Pastor James Giles, the coordinator for Buffalo Peacemakers.
Giles said that these young men may be part of gang culture but these shootings are not the result tension between gangs.
“Individuals that have been targeted are based upon either they're selling drugs or they might be pushing drugs or have something valuable,” said Giles. “Sometimes older cats will send younger cats, put a gun in their hand, yo go hit this guy'.”
He told News 4 boys as young as 14 or 15 are getting involved.
“We hear about gunfire all day long,” said Murray Holman, the executive director of Stop the Violence.
Holman told News 4 these young men are shooting without hesitation.
“I was just on Zelmer St. and Block St. for the last two days, gunfire shooting at the house,” said Holman. “Young men shooting at homes with elderly people living there trying to get at a young man.”
He said the grandmother living in the home that was targeted is shaken up and considering moving.
Holman told News 4 the violence isn't isolated to Buffalo's East Side. He said they are getting calls to respond to all areas of the city.
They're working non-stop with these young men to diffuse bad situations.
SNUG is trying to stop retaliation but the program manager said it will take a community effort to curb the violence.
“Not just us, not just the handful of people we've got on the streets risking their lives every day to do this work,” said Billie Webster, the SNUG program manager. “I don't care what color you are, what part of town you are from, if you're from Cheektowaga or Buffalo. It takes all of us to come together and say enough is enough.”
They are asking community stakeholders to contribute to Back to Basics Outreach Ministries so they can put more boots on the ground.
According to the Buffalo Police website, there have been 17 homicides in the city in 2017. Only one of the shootings has been solved.
If you have any information all the confidential tip line at 847-2255.
USC President C.L. Max Nikias, shown attending the university's commencement ceremony May 11, has agreed to step down. (Leon Bennett/Getty Images)
It would be a mistake to assume that the USC scandal was simply a matter of leaders at one university going rogue. In fact, it would be dangerous to think that. The departure of university President C.L. Max Nikias satisfies the call for accountability over accusations involving two USC doctors, but it does not begin to resolve a deeper affliction at the nation's colleges and universities: the unending pressure to raise the institutions' rankings and bring in more money.
The various college rankings are typically based heavily on fairly empty criteria. US News and World Report, which produces the best known and most closely watched rankings, heavily counts a school's reputation among other institutions' faculty and officials. And no matter how extraneous and silly we might find them, the rankings are inextricably linked to fundraising. Raising the rankings means happier alumni and more applicants; it means drawing more star professors, which in turn means more grant money, higher rankings, more applicants. It's part of why colleges send ridiculous numbers of marketing mailers to high school juniors and seniors. A higher number of applicants means a lower acceptance rate, which for some reason is considered a positive sign of a school's reputation.
Inevitably, reputation and money are at war with integrity. Things are going to go wrong at campuses, as they tend to do at large organizations. But being straightforward about a college scandal could mean sacrificing reputation, which means sacrificing rankings and applications and – you get it. That's a big part of why colleges were routinely under-reporting cases of sexual assault and brushing accusations aside. As long as they could be kept under wraps, they couldn't harm a school's reputation.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
SenseTime, the world's highest-valued AI company with a valuation of over $4.5 billion, is back in the money again.
The company raised $600 million in an Alibaba-led financing round announced last month, and now it has added a further $620 million to that with a “Series C+” round announced today.
Alibaba led the previous deal, and this time around the investors include more traditional names such as Fidelity International, Hopu Capital, Silver Lake and Tiger Global. Qualcomm, which previously backed the firm, was also in this round, SenseTime confirmed.
The new money takes SenseTime to $1.6 billion from investors to date. The valuation has remained “over” $4.5 billion across both of these recent rounds, according to the company. It was previously valued at $1.5 billion when it raised a $410 million Series B last year.
Alibaba said at the time of its investment last month that it had become the largest-single investor in SenseTime. Given this fresh injection, it isn't clear whether that has changed. A SenseTime spokesperson told TechCrunch that “Alibaba and other lead investors have similar status.”
SenseTime said it has more than 700 customers across a range of verticals including fintech, automotive, fintech, smartphones, smart city development and more that include Honda, Nvidia, China's UnionPay, Weibo, China Merchants Bank, Huawei, Oppo, Vivo and Xiaomi.
Perhaps its most visible partner is the Chinese government, which uses its systems for its national surveillance system. SenseTime process data captured by China's 170 million CCTV cameras and newer systems which include smart glasses worn by police offers on the street.
China has placed vast emphasis on tech development, with AI one of its key flagposts.
A government program aims to make the country the world leader in AI technology by 2030, the New York Times reported, by which time it is estimated that the industry could be worth some $150 billion per year. SenseTime's continued development fees directly into that ambition.
SenseTime has been busy extending its presence lately. It became the first company to join the MIT Intelligence Quest and, alongside Alibaba, it is launching an AI lab in Hong Kong. The firm said, too, it has formulated an AI textbook for secondary students in China which will make its way to 40 schools soon.
thank you for gifting & dedicating your hard work to me! I'm so proud of you dad @dutt1 💓 For every set back God has a major comeback 🙏🏻 I love you, thank you. #bestbirthdaygiftever ✨✨✨Link to trailer on my bio ✨ #sept2017
A post shared by Trishala Dutt (@trishaladutt) on Aug 12, 2017 at 1:44pm PDT
Tuesday night — the night before the documentary “Clive Davis: The Soundtrack of Our Lives” opens the Tribeca Film Festival at Radio City Music Hall with performances by Aretha Franklin, Jennifer Hudson and Earth, Wind & Fire — Davis will host an exclusive dinner at Brooklyn's River Café.
Expected attendees include LA Reid, Lee Daniels, Rob Thomas, Pat Houston, Gayle King, Tamron Hall, Don Lemon, Regis Philbin, Jane Rosenthal and Kathie Lee Gifford.
Also expected are power attorney Allen Grubman, Martina Navratilova, Judy Collins, Isiah Thomas and Peter Fonda. The doc's based on Davis‘ book, “The Man with the Golden Ears.”
Changes to Child, Family and Community Service Act could connect MCFD, Indigenous communities
The B.C. government has proposed changes to the Child, Family and Community Service Act that would get rid of barriers for social workers and Indigenous communities when making decisions on a child's welfare.
Introduced in the legislature Tuesday, Minister of Children and Family Development Katrine Conroy said the proposed changes share the goal of keeping children out of government care and in their communities when possible.
Under current legislation, the Ministry of Children and Family Development can only reach out to a child's Indigenous community with the parent's consent or to ensure the child's safety and well-being.
. #BCGov has announced proposed changes to improve Indigenous child welfare re: Child, Family and Community Service Act. Here are the specifics #bcpoli pic.twitter.com/Xnc7JDnOvX — Ashley Wadhwani (@ashwadhwani) April 24, 2018
New changes would negate this barrier between social workers and community members by allowing information to be shared the moment a file is started on a child.
If passed, social workers will also be able to refer child-protection reports to an Indigenous government that has child protection laws, according to the ministry.
Other amendments would include required annual reviews of a child in custody-ordered care to include members of the child's Indigenous community. The “best interest of a child test,” which is used by courts and the ministry when making any decisions around a child would also have to consider Indigenous traditions, customs and language.
Indigenous children currently make up 63 per cent of the total number of children in the province's care, despite being less than 10 per cent of B.C.'s child population.
Minister of Indigenous Relations and Reconciliation Scott Fraser called the proposed bill “core to reconciliation.”
@ashwadhwani
ashley.wadhwani@bpdigital.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
John P. Filo/CBSFresh off his Grammy wins last weekend, Bruno Mars has now confirmed what he teased yesterday: he's launching a “finale” leg of his 24K World Tour.
The tour will visit 12 cities — Boston, Brooklyn, Dallas, Denver, Detroit, Los Angeles, Nashville, Newark, Philadelphia, St. Paul, Toronto and Tulsa — but so far, we don't have venues or dates yet. Bruno‘s “lil sis,” Cardi B, who joins him on his hit “Finesse” remix, will be his special guest.
- Advertisement -
Tickets for the tour go on sale February 16. The tour is sponsored by Cross Colours, the iconic '90s clothing brand that was re-launced in 2014. Bruno and Cardi wear the brand in their “Finesse” video, and they also wore it for their Grammys performance.
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
In the wake of the hit ABC sitcom “Roseanne” being cancelled Tuesday following a racist tweet from the show's star Roseanne Barr, reactions from some our favorite Hollywood celebs have poured in from Twitter.
As expected, there are some who support her but the majority of Hollywood seems to be slamming Barr's comments and praising the show being taken off the air. See some of your favorite celeb tweets below:
Ava Duvernay
For the record, this is Channing Dungey. Sitting on top of your world like a Queen in full judgement of your garbage and taking it out. #Roseanne pic.twitter.com/GxEP2B61uq — Ava DuVernay (@ava) May 29, 2018
Viola Davis
Thank you Channing Dungey!https://t.co/VIlKTF9y7Z — Viola Davis (@violadavis) May 29, 2018
Shonda Rhimes
The terrible part is all of the talented innocent people who worked on that show now suffer because of this. #notjustice — shonda rhimes (@shondarhimes) May 29, 2018
But honestly she got what she deserved. As I tell my 4 year old, one makes a choice with one's actions. Roseanne made a choice. A racist one. ABC made a choice. A human one. — shonda rhimes (@shondarhimes) May 29, 2018
Charlie Sheen
adios
Roseanne! good
riddance. hashtag
NOT Winning. the
runway is
now clear
for
OUR reboot. ©#CharlieHarperReturns pic.twitter.com/HcqMvIoxCM — Charlie Sheen (@charliesheen) May 29, 2018
Sarah Gilbert
Roseanne's recent comments about Valerie Jarrett, and so much more, are abhorrent and do not reflect the beliefs of our cast and crew or anyone associated with our show. I am disappointed in her actions to say the least. — sara gilbert (@THEsaragilbert) May 29, 2018
This is incredibly sad and difficult for all of us, as we've created a show that we believe in, are proud of, and that audiences love— one that is separate and apart from the opinions and words of one cast member. — sara gilbert (@THEsaragilbert) May 29, 2018
Debra Messing
I just heard #rosanne is cancelled. My reaction— tears. I am so relieved and grateful. The hate that has been spewing from those in Trump's orbit has really taken a toll on all of our souls and psyches. I didn't believe it would happen. I had lost faith. Thank you @abc . — Debra Messing (@DebraMessing) May 29, 2018
Tom Arnold
Ton of respect for Bob Iger. Tough decision with financial consequences for his company but right for America….umm..now don't bug Bob but maybe someone else finds out if I'm still banned from all of @ABCNetwork for calling Roseanne Barr out first on her racist conspiracy tweets? — Tom Arnold (@TomArnold) May 29, 2018
Rev. Al Sharpton
My statement on the cancellation of #RoseanneBarr's show, Roseanne. pic.twitter.com/xFkHN6Qmlz — Reverend Al Sharpton (@TheRevAl) May 29, 2018
Aisha Tyler
I'm glad that @ABCNetwork took a stand. We as a country can and will be better. More welcoming, more inclusive. We reach so many people in the entertainment industry. We can be a voice for good. We can, and will, become once again that beacon on a hill. ✨ — Aisha Tyler (@aishatyler) May 29, 2018
Bellamy Young
Don Cheadle
you can take @RoseanneOnABC out of racism but you can't take the racism out of @therealroseanne … https://t.co/sJs7Hn5zrn — Don Cheadle (@DonCheadle) May 29, 2018
Bryan Cranston
This morning @RobertIger quickly and easily determined that righteousness trumps profits by firing an open racist and anti-Semite from his company. If our elected officials had the courage to do the same by declaring that country trumps partisanship we'd have a healthier society. — Bryan Cranston (@BryanCranston) May 29, 2018
Minnie Driver
So proud of @ABCNetwork for having the ethical compunction to cancel #Rosanne despite the show's huge numbers. We too make a show about a middle class family , come and watch us instead #speechless @Speechless_ABC ✨ — Minnie Driver (@driverminnie) May 29, 2018
Roland Martin
BOOM! @TheRealRoseanne dropped by her talent agency ICM. Her racist tweet about @ValerieJarrett is costing the bigot big time. Folk excuses her anti-Semitism and wacky conspiracy theories for far too long. #ByeRoseanne https://t.co/J3QSXgHAWG — rolandsmartin (@rolandsmartin) May 29, 2018
Mark Hamill
I bet FOX will pick it up & pair it with Tim Allen's show. https://t.co/5MyZf9UT3X via @thr — Mark Hamill (@HamillHimself) May 29, 2018
Sara Ramirez
Ava DuVernay, Shonda Rhimes & More React To ABC Canceling ‘Roseanne' was originally published on Tlcnaptown.com
Also On Magic 95.9:
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has named a Nova Scotia judge as the province's new lieutenant-governor.
Arthur LeBlanc, who has been a judge of the Supreme Court of Nova Scotia since 1998, replaces John James Grant in the vice-regal job.
READ MORE: Nova Scotia Premier Stephen McNeil to name new cabinet on Thursday
Lieutenant-governors represent the Queen in their respective provinces, handling her roles and functions, including granting royal assent to laws.
Leblanc was born in West Arichat, N.S. in 1943, graduated from St. Francis Xavier University in 1964 with a commerce degree and earned a law degree from Dalhousie University in 1968.
He practised law in the province for 30 years before being named to the bench.
LeBlanc was the judge that signed off on $29-million settlement between former residents of the Nova Scotia Home for Colored Children and the provincial government, closing nearly 15 years of litigation.
READ MORE: Nova Scotians elect Stephen McNeil's Liberals to second straight majority government
He is married to Rosemarie Patricia (Patsy) LeBlanc and they have three sons and six grandchildren.
The prime minister said LeBlanc is well respected for his legal work, as well as his contributions to and volunteer organizations.
“He is an excellent choice as Nova Scotia's next lieutenant-governor and I have no doubt that he will make many important contributions to the future of his province,” Trudeau said in a statement.
Nearly 70 percent of Americans say Trump isn't level-headed, and majorities say he's not honest or a strong leader. More than 60 percent disapprove of how he is handling race relations, foreign policy and immigration, among other issues. (Photo: BRENDAN SMIALOWSKI / AFP/Getty Images)
Washington — Just 24 percent of Americans believe the country is heading in the right direction after a tumultuous stretch for President Donald Trump that included the threat of war with North Korea, stormy complaints about hurricane relief and Trump's equivocating about white supremacists. That's a 10-point drop since June, according to a poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research.
The decline in optimism about the nation's trajectory is particularly pronounced among Republicans. In June, 60 percent of Republicans said the country was headed in the right direction; now it's just 44 percent.
The broader picture for the president is grim, too. Nearly 70 percent of Americans say Trump isn't level-headed, and majorities say he's not honest or a strong leader. More than 60 percent disapprove of how he is handling race relations, foreign policy and immigration, among other issues.
Overall, 67 percent of Americans disapprove of the job Trump is doing in office, including about one-third of Republicans.
Tracy Huelsman, a 40-year-old from Louisville, Kentucky, is among them. A self-described moderate Republican, Huelsman said she's particularly concerned about the “divisiveness” she feels the president promotes on social media.
“It's scary in 2017 that we are in what seems like a worse place in terms of division,” said Huelsman, who did not vote for Trump in last year's election.
The assessments come after a turbulent summer for Trump that included a major White House shake-up, bringing the departure of his chief of staff, top strategist and press secretary. While the installment of retired Marine Gen. John Kelly as chief of staff has ushered in more day-to-day order in the West Wing, the president has still stirred up numerous controversies, including when he blamed “both sides” for the clashes between white supremacists and counter-protesters in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Trump has also raised the specter of a military conflict with North Korea over its nuclear provocations. He's derided North Korea's leader, Kim Jong-un, as “rocket man,” including during a speech at the United Nations, and has downplayed the prospects that diplomatic negotiations with Kim could yield results.
Despite his electoral success, Trump struggled as both a candidate and now as president to broaden his base of support beyond his ardent supporters. The loyalty of his core backers has been enough to keep Republican lawmakers largely in line, but party operatives are closely watching Trump's support among GOP and independent voters ahead of next year's midterm elections, when the balance of power in Congress will be at stake.
To be sure, lawmakers have their own problems to worry about. Americans have even less esteem for Congress than Trump, with just 18 percent saying they approve of the job being done by the House and the Senate.
Republicans took another hit last month when they failed — for a second time this year — to pass an overhaul of the nation's health care law. GOP leaders tried to rush votes on the complicated legislation, leaving many voters unsure of what was in the package.
“They never seemed to present a bill to people that you could actually look at the details of and the pluses and minuses of it,” said Dennis Cronin, a 67-year-old independent from Wenham, Massachusetts.
The GOP failure on health care has irritated Trump, who promised voters that repealing “Obamacare” would be easy. Americans aren't happy with his progress on health care either; 68 percent disapprove of his handling of the issue.
Of all the issues surveyed by the AP-NORC poll, the president performs slightly better on the economy. But even there, 56 percent disapprove of the job he's doing and just 42 percent say they approve.
On Friday, the Labor Department announced that the U.S. shed 33,000 jobs in September because of Hurricanes Harvey and Irma, which closed thousands of businesses in Texas and Florida and forced widespread evacuations. It marked the first monthly hiring drop in nearly seven years.
Ninety-two percent of Democrats and 69 percent of independents say Trump understands the problems of people like them not very or not at all well. Even among Republicans, only 42 percent say he understands them very well, while 32 percent say he does moderately well.
The AP-NORC poll of 1,150 adults was conducted Sept. 28-Oct. 2 using a sample drawn from NORC's probability-based AmeriSpeak panel, which is designed to be representative of the U.S. population. The margin of sampling error for all respondents is plus or minus 4.1 percentage points.
Respondents were first selected randomly using address-based sampling methods, and later interviewed online or by phone.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2y04hdz
Field Yates weighs in on Cleveland's 2-29 record dating to the 2015 season and says the team hasn't shown signs of improvement yet this season. (1:04)
BEREA, Ohio -- And so it has come to this.
And it has become so Browns.
The analytics generated by ESPN show that after four games, the Cleveland Browns have the best chance for the NFL's first overall draft pick.
The Browns' chances are 40.9 percent, with San Francisco second at 29.3 percent. No other team is above 9 percent.
The Browns have a 90 percent chance of getting a pick in the top five and a 99 percent chance of being in the top 10.
ESPN Stats & Information
Last season, the team's that originally were slotted to pick 10 and 11 in the draft finished 7-9. So there is a 99 percent chance that the best record the Browns will finish with this season is 7-9, according to the analytics.
Cheap shot? Maybe.
But keep in in mind that the Browns' 2-29 record in the last 31 games matches the worst in NFL history for that number of games. It's not like they haven't earned this stuff.
When the season started, analytics predicted the Browns would win three games. But two of those projected wins were over Cincinnati at home and Indianapolis on the road. The Browns already lost both of those games.
The only game left that they are projected to win is Sunday against the Jets.
Which means if the algorithms are correct, the Browns will repeat the 1-15 mark of last season.
Yikes.
How would Sunday's results affect the draft? A Browns win over the Jets drops their chances for the first pick to 30 percent. A Browns loss increases the likelihood they draft first to 55 percent.
All this only four games into the season.
The one entity that can do something about this entire situation plays Sunday at FirstEnergy Stadium.
The Stratford High School boys basketball program is hosting a fundraiser at Vazzy's Italian Restaurant on Main Street.
Support the SHS program by dining at Vazzy's anytime from Monday, Jan. 9, to Wednesday, Jan. 11.
Mention the fundraiser when you order (dine-in or takeout) and Vazzy's will donate 15 percent of your bill back to the program.
For more information, contact Tim Swaller at (203)449-6770 or [email protected].
Marie Lau shows us Hokulani Bake Shop's holiday products including their mini cupcake platter, bite sized chocolate chip cookie bag, & their seasonal cupcakes (gingerbread, eggnog and champagne flavors).
For larger, more complicated orders, they ask that you place your order either in-store, over the phone or you can email them at info@hokulanibakeshop.com If you just want to place basic cupcake orders, you can order online thru their website and on Eat24hours.com which is the Yelp online ordering portal.
https://www.hokulanibakeshop.com/
A 23-year-old man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a grandfather who was attacked as he walked his dogs.
The body of Peter Wrighton, 83, from The Moor, Banham, Norfolk, was found in woodland near the village of East Harling on August 5. He had been repeatedly stabbed in the neck and head.
Alexander Palmer was charged in the early hours of Monday and appeared at Norwich Magistrates' Court by video-link from the Norfolk Police Investigation Centre in Wymondham.
He wore a blue jumper and dark trousers, and appeared unshaven with close-cropped dark hair as he sat in a plastic chair.
He spoke only to confirm his name and date of birth and to state his address as Freesia Way, Cringleford.
Norfolk Police had given his address as Dereham Road, Bawdeswell.
No pleas were taken and he was remanded in custody to appear at Norwich Crown Court on Tuesday.
Mr Wrighton was described in a tribute statement from his family and his wife of 59 years as "a lovely, gentle husband, dad and grandfather".
The retired BT worker had a "kind nature" and had a "love of walking his dogs and chatting with people to pass the time of day", his family said.
DARIEN, N.Y. (WIVB) — Pop singer Kesha and rapper Macklemore will make a stop at Darien Lake on July 22.
The artists will perform as part of The Adventures of Kesha & Macklemore Tour.
Tickets for the concert go on sale this Friday at Noon. Prices range from $29.50 to $99.50. While they last, lawn four packs will be available for $90.
Anyone looking to get tickets can get them online at LiveNation.com or Ticketmaster.com or call 1-800-745-3000.
The concert will start at 7 p.m.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Internally, the expectations are tempered. But outside of the Nanticoke Area program, there has been plenty of talk about the Trojans heading into the new season.
But when Week 10 rolls around this year, Ron Bruza wouldn't mind experiencing the same feelings this year as he did last season. However strange it was.
The Trojans knocked off Hanover Area in the final game of the regular season. By the time the Trojans reached the locker room, they were under the impression they would be hosting an Eastern Conference playoff game. It would have been a nice way to send the seniors out and cap what turned out to be a fine year.
That was when things took a bit of a strange twist — for the better — for the Trojans. While receiving results from other games, and doing some excruciating math, the Trojans found out they were not heading to the Eastern Conference playoffs. Instead, they were making their first appearance in the district playoffs in 17 years.
“We stumbled a bit at the beginning of the season, but got hot at the end,” Bruza said. “This year the guys are motivated and want to build off that success. That is where they want to go.”
The Trojans find themselves in pretty good shape as far as balance on both sides of the ball. With all but six players back from last season's team, the Trojans have experienced players up front and at the skill positions. There have been seasons when Nanticoke Area had one but not the other.
“We have some depth and some guys that have been around the block,” Bruza said. “This is probably the most well-rounded team that I have had here. It seemed we would always have a good backfield and a weak line, or a strong line and weak backfield. We are going to be able to lean on our senior leadership.”
Youth is served
Obviously coaches are going to do what they believe is best not only for their program, but the individual players, as well.
Last year when you saw Dallas play, at any point during the game there could have been eight or nine freshmen on the field. Sure they took their lumps, but Rich Mannello is hoping that experience will pay off not only this year, but over the course of the next three seasons.
Checking out the rosters, there are a total of 57 freshmen listed. Again, those players are brought up in most cases because the coaches believe they belong there.
In other cases it may be to have bodies out on the practice field. Either way, it is an interesting dynamic as rosters in the conference continue to get smaller.
Dallas leads the way this year with nine freshmen rostered on the varsity level. Northwest and Crestwood each have eight. Hanover Area and Berwick come in at seven apiece.
This is it
Now that heat week is finished, teams can begin focusing on preparations for the start of the regular season. Of course, with today being the official day for all fall sports to begin practice, that means double sessions for football players.
With football now a year-round sport, the offense and defense have been installed, save for a few wrinkles here or there.
Teams now begin to officially prepare for the season opener the weekend of Aug. 25. With just one scrimmage again this season, players on the bubble have this week and a Saturday scrimmage to make an impression.
Changing course
As we get set to begin the new season, the goal is to win a district title. Sure, division championships are nice and all, but nobody really plays for them anymore. It is district championship or bust. Plus, winning a district title is the ticket to the state playoffs.
Looking back at last year, the WVC was shut out when it came to winning District 2 championships. Williamsport won the District 2-4 subregional, but the Millionaires are out of District 4. Delaware Valley was technically crowned district champs in 6A. After that, the Lackawanna Football Conference won all other five classifications.
The last time the WVC won multiple district titles in the same year was 2013 when Lake-Lehman, Berwick and Valley West all won championships.
Contact the writer:
sbennett@citizensvoice.com;
570-821-2062;
@CVSteveBennett
To get your complimentary pass to the screening of “PATTI CAKE$” go to http://www.foxsearchlightscreenings.com/zodXi61500 and print an advance screening pass for you and a guest. Code for passes: zodXi61500
Please note: You must register for https://foxsearchlightscreenings.com/ first. Make sure to print out your passes and present them at the screening. Duplicate copies of passes will not be accepted.
Screening Info:
Tuesday, August 22nd, 2017 at 7:00PM
Seattle, WA
PATTI CAKE$
PATTI CAKE$ introduces Australian native Danielle Macdonald in a breakout role as aspiring rapper Patricia Dombrowski, a.k.a Killa P, a.k.a. Patti Cake$. In a coming-of-age story straight out of Jersey, an unlikely rapper finds her voice as a one-of-a-kind hip-hop legend in the making as PATTI CAKE$, the first feature film from acclaimed commercial and music-video director Geremy Jasper. Set in gritty strip-mall suburbia, Patti Cake$ chronicles an underdog's quest for fame and glory with humor, raw energy and some unforgettable beats.
Movie Trailer: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L-591Dqa48g
Release Date: August 25th in Seattle
The Green Bay Packers have padded their offensive line.
The team announced Wednesday that Byron Bell has been signed to an undisclosed deal.
The 29-year-old Bell spent last season as a backup to All-Pro Cowboys left tackle Tyron Smith, playing 243 snaps on the year.
Bell's biggest workload came early in his career as a four-year starting tackle for the Panthers from 2011 to 2014. He joined the Titans in 2015, but hasn't been the same since missing the 2016 campaign with an ankle injury.
Bell can also play left guard. He looms as sub-starter material, notoriously helping try to fill in for Smith last season during a Week 10 tilt against the Falcons that saw Atlanta pass rusher Adrian Clayborn explode for an extraordinary six sacks.
Bell can also play left guard, but looms as sub-starter material.
The Packers have David Bakhtiari locked in at left tackle, but Bryan Bulaga remains on the mend from last year's ACL injury. The hope in Green Bay is that Bell won't be asked to shoulder the load of a starting role.
Other notable NFL player news from Wednesday:
1. The Los Angeles Chargers signed former UCLA tight end Austin Roberts after losing Hunter Henry for the 2018 season last week because of a torn ACL.
2. Pittsburgh Steelers tight end Jake McGee is believed to have suffered a torn Achilles tendon during practice, a source informed of the situation told NFL Network's Mike Garafolo. Offensive tackle Jerald Hawkins suffered a left knee injury during practice.
3. Houston Texans head coach Bill O'Brien said he does not expect Jadeveon Clowney to participate in organized team activities Wednesday, though he maintains that the team is "not really" concerned about the defensive end missing time during training camp.
Like an athlete trailing behind a doping Russian, sometimes there's no shame in finishing second.
That should be the mindset for Peterborough United's players and staff this morning after giving Blackburn Rovers one of their toughest matches for some time.
Jack Marriott shooting against Blackburn. Photo: Joe Dent
Rovers' last three league away matches read 4-2, 4-2, 3-0. They have now scored 16 goals in their last five league matches, with another three in the cup in between.
Their central defender (Charlie Mulgrew) has scored five goals in four games, the striker they brought off the bench (Danny Graham) against Posh once cost £5 million, and one of their central midfielders (Peter Whittingham) was until recently one of the best players in the Championship.
Throw in an on-loan Leeds United striker (Marcus Antonsson) who moved to Elland Road for £2 million last year, and a proven top League One performer (Bradley Dack) and compare it to a team which has mostly been compiled from the lower echelons of the football league and below, then it is to Posh's credit that they competed so well for long periods against a Blackburn side destined for a quick return to the division above.
But what yesterday's (Saturday, December 9) result did was emphasise Posh's areas of concern.
As highlighted by Alan Swann in this week's Peterborough Telegraph, Posh have a spine which is good enough to compete with the top of this division.
Good goalkeepers, solid defenders, a midfielder rock in Anthony Grant, goal and assist machines in Jack Marriott and Marcus Maddison and the class of Gwion Edwards.
But no central midfielder has scored yet for Posh this season, and even with three of them playing against Blackburn that never looked like changing.
Jermaine Anderson was substituted in the second-half having failed to make an impact, and Chris Forrester - after showing glimpses of his best form - lost possession in his own half, allowing Dack to put Blackburn in the lead.
The right-back position also continues to be a concern, and Jack Baldwin never looked at ease against the trickery of Craig Conway - who he was booked for fouling right at the start - or Antonsson.
Baldwin has played as a central defender for most of this season, and his second yellow card in the final few seconds for a foul on Dack means a likely recall for Alex Penny.
Another concern is up front. Marriott's 95th minute tap in from a Danny Lloyd cross was his 15th goal this season, but even when Posh were 3-1 down, manager Grant McCann decided to bring on a central midfielder in Michael Doughty ahead of striker Ricky Miller.
Idris Kanu made a belated appearance at the end, but only after midfielder Grant was injured. As McCann noted after the match, the substitutes have failed to make an impact this season.
But more than anything, a narrow defeat against the division's form side only re-enforces how disappointing Posh have been against the team's lower placed teams. A performance like this against say Gillingham or Oldham would surely have resulted in points, and the gap to the play-offs would not be six points.
If there were positives to take after Posh slipped to 10th in the League One table, they largely came in a late rally in the second-half when they tried to overturn a two goal deficit.
Substitute Lloyd appeared to be tripped in the penalty area, but nothing was given. The forward also headed over when well placed, while Marriott could only direct Maddison's excellent cross too close to Blackburn goalkeeper David Raya.
In the end, Marriott's late strike was a deserved reward for Posh's persistence.
Things had looked much better at half-time thanks to Steven Taylor's back-post header from a Maddison inswinging corner.
The goal capped off an exciting opening 11 minutes, which had seen Dominic Samuel wastefully plant a header over from six yards for the visitors, while Dack had twice come close to giving Rovers the lead. Posh goalkeeper Jonathan Bond saved well from the attacking midfielder, before a combination of Bond and Baldwin blocked the follow-up.
Posh had also looked lively before the goal and played some good football after taking the lead, but Marriott and Edwards could not find the target from distance.
Unfortunately things unravelled quickly after half-time. Mulgrew bundled in a flicked-on corner three minutes into the second-half, then Forrester's mistake was capitalised on by Dack, who played a one-two with Richard Smallwood before sweeping in.
Worse was to follow on 58 minutes, with Taylor losing the ball by the corner flag after a Posh corner. Quickly the ball was worked forward, and after bypassing Baldwin, a rapid counter-attack saw Samuel work the ball to Antonsson who played in Dack to fire home emphatically.
Things could have become worse had Bond not made a superb diving save to deny Antonsson later in the half, before the late Posh rally came as Blackburn eased off.
After a mid-week FA Cup replay against non-league Woking, next up for Posh are Fleetwood Town who haven't won in six league matches, and Bury who sit bottom.
And if Posh want to keep pace with the play-off contenders then second best will not do.
Peterborough United (4-3-3): Jonathan Bond, Jack Baldwin, Steven Taylor, Ryan Tafazolli, Andrew Hughes, Jermaine Anderson (sub Danny Lloyd, 66 mins), Anthony Grant (sub Idris
Kanu, 86 mins), Chris Forrester (sub Michael Doughty, 72 mins), Gwion Edwards, Marcus Maddison, Jack Marriott.
Subs not used: Connor O'Malley, Ricky Miller, Alex Penny, Lewis Freestone.
Blackburn Rovers (4-2-3-1): David Raya, Ryan Nyambe, Paul Downing, Charlie Mulgrew, Derrick Williams, Richard Smallwood, Peter Whittingham (sub Corry Evans, 32 mins) [sub Willem
Tomlinson, 46 mins], Marcus Antonsson, Bradley Dack, Craig Conway, Dominic Samuel (sub Danny Graham 77 mins).
Subs not used: Jayson Leutwiler, Elliott Ward, Paul Caddis, Joseph Nuttal.
Goals:
Posh - Taylor (11 mins), Marriott (90+5)
Rovers - Mulgrew (48 mins), Dack (51, 58 mins)
Red card - Posh - Baldwin (two yellows)
Cautions - Posh - Tafazolli (dissent)
Rovers - Antonsson (dive), Smallwood (foul)
Referee: Nick Kinseley 5
Attendance: 6,164 (Rovers 1,058)
BUFFALO, N.Y. (WIVB) – Nichols School has hired an independent investigator to look into allegations that a teacher at the school has an inappropriate sexual relationship with a student there in the 1990s.
The school said Wednesday that it recently received two letters notifying them about the incident.
The faculty member in question left the school more than ten years ago.
Current students, faculty, and alumni were notified about the allegations on Wednesday, chairman of the Nichols board of trustees Jerremy Jacobs, Jr. said.
Anyone who might have knowledge of any inappropriate past or present faculty-staff relationships is asked to contact the investigator, Jacobs said. He added that the reports will be treated with sensitivity and respect, and that the school will be transparent throughout the process.
The school has chosen a Washington, D.C. based firm to conduct the investigation.
The school isn't releasing any more information about the alleged relationship, and representatives from the school would not comment on camera. News 4 reached out to the District Attorney's office to see if they are involved at this point, but the office hasn't yet responded.
Nichols is a private, co-ed, non-denominational prep school located on Amherst Street in Buffalo. The school teaches children grades five to 12.
It was announced earlier this week that Scarlett Johansson was cast as transgender criminal kingpin Dante "Tex" Gill in Rub & Tug. Since the actress is not a transgender man in real-life, the casting has caused some controversy, which Johansson responded to through a representative, noting that she thought the outrage was hypocritical. Instead of calming the fires, Johansson's statement basically dumped a gallon of gasoline on the flames, causing even more backlash.
Bustle reached out to Scarlett Johansson for a comment about the Rub & Tug casting controversy and got an interesting response. Speaking through a representative, Johansson's statement reveals that all of the backlash is unfounded. Her statement reads.
"Tell them that they can be directed to Jeffrey Tambor, Jared Leto, and Felicity Huffman's reps for comment."
Johansson is clearly referencing Jeffrey Tambor's Golden Globe winning performance as a transgender woman on Amazon's Transparent as well as Jared Leto's Academy Award winning performance as a transgender woman in Dallas Buyers Club and Felicity Huffman's Academy Award nominated performance in Transamerica. While Johansson makes a valid argument, many believe that she is missing the point of the backlash to begin with.
Scarlett Johansson's defense of the Rub & Tug casting insinuates that hiring cisgender actors in transgender roles is not a problem because all of the aforementioned actors received acclaim for their roles. But, the real controversy is that many believe that the role is being stolen from a transgender actor. The role of Dante "Tex" Gill in Rub & Tug could give an actor the opportunity to play a character who matches his gender onscreen. Instead of helping the situation, Johansson's response has made things worse.
To make matters even worse, Rub & Tug director Rupert Sanders also made the recent Ghost in the Shell movie, which came under fire for "whitewashing." The production was criticized from the beginning when it was announced that Scarlett Johansson was going to be cast in a role that could have gone to a Japanese woman. Fans of the original Japanese manga on which the film was based state that the role should have gone to a Japanese woman, and not the Caucasian Johansson. While the controversy caused a stir, the movie basically came and went at the box office.
Advocates for equal employment opportunity in the entertainment industry are outraged by the choice of casting Scarlett Johansson in Rub & Tug. Plus, the backlash surrounding Ghost in the Shell still lingers. There are plenty of transgender actors that could have taken the role, which is why all of the controversy exists in the first place and why it's not going to go away any time soon. While it's cool to think of the Black Widow actress playing a crime boss and leading a prostitution and an anabolic steroid ring, one can't help but think that the role could have gone to someone else. You can read more about what Scarlett Johansson had to say about the Rub & Tug controversy at Bustle.
São Paulo, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Oi SA will not hold an extraordinary shareholder meeting on Feb. 7, the Brazilian telecoms company said in a securities filing on Friday.
Holding the meeting would be contrary to a recent decision by the Rio de Janeiro bankruptcy court which is overseeing its bankruptcy process, it said.
The judge overseeing the restructuring approved Oi's debt restructuring plan on Jan. 8 and called a proposed shareholder meeting “absolutely unnecessary”. (Reporting by Ana Mano; editing by Jason Neely)
WINNIPEG – Three people connected to accused killer Raymond Cormier told police he owned the same type of duvet cover that the body of 15-year-old Tina Fontaine was found in, his trial was told Friday.
Cormier, 55, has pleaded not guilty to second-degree murder in the case, which prompted renewed calls for a national inquiry into missing and murdered Indigenous women.
In August 2014, Tina's body was pulled from the Red River in a duvet cover that had been weighed down with rocks.
Two Winnipeg police investigators – Det.-Sgt. Myles Riddell and Det.-Sgt. Jeff Stalker – testified they went to the home of Ida Beardy, who had allowed Cormier to live in a tent in her backyard in the summer of 2014.
The home is a little more than a kilometre from the shore where Tina's body was found.
READ MORE: Toxicologist testifies Tina Fontaine had drugs, alcohol in system when she died
On one visit four months after Tina's death, they showed Beardy a picture of the same kind of duvet cover that Tina's body had been wrapped in, the officers said. They asked Beardy if the photo meant anything to her.
“She positively identified the duvet cover as the one belonging to Raymond Cormier,” Riddell testified Friday. “She was confident.”
The photo was later shown to Beardy's daughter, who had been in another room. She also said it was the same as Cormier's, Stalker said.
“It was an immediate recognition.”
Ida Beardy testified Thursday that when she was shown the photo, chills went up her spine.
The jury has already heard the particular duvet was part of a series of four designs sold only by Costco Canada, which has three stores in Winnipeg and had sold or donated some 800 of the duvets in the 18 months before Tina's death.
Police were unable to determine how many of the particular design used to wrap Tina's body were sold.
The officers also told court they showed the duvet picture to an inmate in a provincial jail who knew Cormier and who has yet to testify.
The inmate also said the duvet was the same as Cormier's, they said.
READ MORE: Trial begins for Tina Fontaine's accused killer
Under cross-examination, defence lawyer Anthony Kavanagh asked Stalker whether Beardy knew he was investigating Tina's death when he showed her the duvet picture. Stalker said yes, because he had been to the house previously.
Kavanagh also asked Stalker why he only showed Beardy and her daughter one photo of a duvet, instead of a lineup of several different duvets to choose from.
Stalker said it was an unusual case, and photo lineups are usually used to identify people.
“I still think it's fair,” Stalker said.
In his opening statement Monday, Crown attorney James Ross said Tina Fontaine had a happy childhood and was raised by her great-aunt on the Sagkeeng First Nation.
Ross told the jury that Tina went to Winnipeg to visit her mother and became an exploited youth.
New Delhi: Shares of companies related to agriculture sector surged up to 13 percent on Wednesday after the government hiked the minimum support price for paddy by a record Rs 200 per quintal.
Kohinoor Foods soared 12.96 percent, LT Foods 7.01 percent and Chaman Lal Setia Exports 2.27 percent on BSE.
Fertiliser stocks also saw buying, where Coromandel International rose 3.33 percent, Deepak Fertilisers & Petrochemicals Corporation 1.71 percent, Rashtriya Chemicals and Fertilisers 0.92 percent and Chambal Fertilisers & Chemicals 0.16 percent.
"After an insipid start, the market gained momentum on account of better auto sales and government's announcement of an increase in minimum support price (MSP).
"Rural income and spending power will increase due to higher minimum price and progressing monsoon which may result in higher demand for consumption-oriented stocks," said Vinod Nair, Head of Research, Geojit Financial Services.
The government on Wednesday hiked the minimum support price for paddy by a record Rs 200 per quintal. The cabinet has approved the MSP of 14 kharif (summer-sown) crops for the 2018-19 season.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - V Technology Co Ltd
* Says it received orders from overseas mega display maker worth about 11 billion yen in total, to provide two kinds of exposure apparatus
Source text in Japanese: goo.gl/rE9QG5
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Canadian Media Producers Association says the 2016-2017 fiscal year was strong for Canada overall
British Columbia, the home of blockbuster movie shoots such as “Deadpool 2” and “Star Trek Beyond,” has surpassed Ontario as Canada's top locale for film and television production for the first time.
A new report by the Canadian Media Producers Association says the 2016-2017 fiscal year was strong for Canada overall, with production volume in the country reaching an all-time high of $8.38 billion.
B.C. has always been in the top three provinces for film and TV shoots, but the report says last year its production volume hit $2.991 billion, just ahead of Ontario with $2.977 billion. Quebec, with its thriving French-language industry, placed third with $1.754 billion.
Robert Wong, vice president of Creative BC, the provincial agency that supports the artistic sector, said increased global demand for content and the recognition that B.C. is a world-class production centre are driving the growth.
He said streaming services, including Netflix, Amazon and Hulu, are the single biggest driver. Netflix's “A Series of Unfortunate Events” and “Altered Carbon,” premiering Friday, were shot in the province.
“Blockbuster movies, we do get our fair share of them in British Columbia, that's for sure, but really what we are known for is television production,” Wong said.
“The amount of television production is really where the growth is and that includes the streaming service-type productions.”
The report says the film and television industries generated 24,120 direct full-time jobs in B.C. — only 40 more than Ontario — while it created 14,540 such jobs in Quebec.
“Star Trek Beyond” alone employed more than 3,900 British Columbians and contributed $69 million to the provincial economy during 78 days of shooting, the report adds.
READ MORE: Dwayne ‘The Rock' Johnson reflects on first time in Vancouver
VIDEO: Riverdale stars step out to meet fans in Langley City
Film and television productions in B.C. receive a 28 per cent tax credit for labour costs. The credit was reduced five points from 33 per cent by the previous provincial Liberal government in 2016.
Wong said a stable and reliable tax policy is key to the success of the industry, but it's also coupled with an abundance of talent, crews and variety of locations in B.C.
“The one thing that you can't legislate is basically proximity to Los Angeles,” he added. “Being in the same time zone and two and a half hours away by flight does make a big difference.”
The report does sound a note of caution about the surge in demand for content and the abundance of foreign productions in Canada. Though the country has policies to support local content, capturing more than three per cent of domestic box office for Canadian films remains elusive, it says.
“With record growth across much of Canada's production sector, there is much to celebrate this year, including the creation of jobs and a significant contribution to the country's economy,” said Reynolds Mastin, president and CEO of the association in a statement.
“But, among these big numbers are some emerging trends that require attention. As our industry continues to adapt to evolving technologies and changing consumer behaviours, we must ensure that growth benefits our entire sector, including productions that showcase Canadian stories for audiences at home and around the world.”
Laura Kane, The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
The absence of a passport office in Awaran proved to be a great problem that was only solved recently by the much appreciated PML-N government.
Rapid development in a peaceful place like Awaran should be encouraged and every government should make an active effort to uplift the situation and provide greater services in every city possible.
AHMED SHAH,
Turbat, November 12.
Former President Olusegun Obasanjo on Thursday insisted that the formation of the Coalition for Nigeria Movement (CNM) was not a third force but a movement for all Nigerians to bring about “unity, cooperation, development, rule of law, employment, law and order, employment integration, peace and security”.
The former leader, who did not rule out the movement becoming a political party that may sponsor candidates for future elections, said he would quit it once it takes a partisan form.
The former president made these comments after registering as a member of the movement at NUJ Press Centre, Oke Ilewo, Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital.
Obasanjo lamented the worsening state of things in Nigeria since independence and declared that there was the need for the country to change its approach to governance.
He said, “If the instruments we have used so far in our nation building and governance since independence have not served us well, it is imperative that we should rethink and retool. Coalition for Nigeria Movement is proposed as the new direction to mobilise our population for unity.”
In apparent allusion to President Muhammadu Buhari's government, Obasanjo said, “The federal character principle, as espoused in our constitution, was to guide the leadership to search for competent holders of major offices to be distributed within the entire nation and avoid the concentration in a few ethnic hands or geographical places as we currently have in the leadership of the security apparatus.”
Obasanjo, flanked by former Ogun State governor, Olagunsoye Oyinlola, and his Cross River State counterpart, Donald Duke, further stated that the present administration had not done enough in many critical areas of the nation's life, hence the need for a movement that will be free for all Nigerians to join, especially the youth and women who he described as not getting adequate attention.
“The spate of violence, criminality, organised crime, insurgency, and terrorism has not received sufficient proactive ameliorative responses through transformational leadership,” he noted.
According to him, the movement would involve people from both within and outside the country, even as explained that its focus is not about personalities but about the Nigerian people.
“This Movement is not about personality or personalities but about platform and system. When the platform is formed and the new system is put in place, the Movement may decide to sponsor or support candidates or transform into a political machine for that purpose.
“If the Movement decides to transform itself and go into partisan politics, I will cease to be a member. And as a member for now, I accept all the conditions attached to the membership of the Coalition.
“It is necessary to make it clear that this Movement does not regard itself as a third force. It only sees itself as a popular Movement that can accommodate all Nigerians irrespective of their political interest or affiliations.”
LEADERSHIP Sunday recalls that Obasanjo had, last week, written a critical letter to President Buhari in which he accused the president of many ills, including economic mismanagement, inability to arrest the spate of violence in parts of the country by Fulani herdsmen and nepotism.
In the letter, he also dismissed the two main political parties in the country, the Progressives Congress (APC) and the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) as lacking what it takes to rescue Nigeria, suggesting a Coalition in their place.
The only surviving vintage national flag in India, hoisted at Fort St George in the city on the first Independence day on August 15 1947, is being conserved by the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) through multi-pronged efforts.The flag, which has been in the ASI's 'reserve collection' for decades was for the first time put on public display at the Fort Museum in Fort St George complex in Chennai on January 26, 2013.Conserving the flag, however, is not an easy task. Placed in an air tight wooden-glass showcase, the flag is surrounded by six bowls of silica gel to regulate humidity and absorb moisture all the time.A 'lux meter' (used to measure light intensity) is used to ensure appropriate lighting inside the hall and over the showcase.Appropriate temperature is maintained inside the hall by round-the-clock air conditioning.Human sensor enabled LED lighting is used around the showcase and the lights will turn on only if there are visitors around."We even do not allow natural light to fall on the showcase," an official requesting anonymity told PTI, adding that dust and dirt are the other things being taken care of."There is also a robust security apparatus in place which includes a trigger siren," the official added.The 12ft by 8 ft pure silk flag, was hoisted after lowering the British Union Jack on August 15, 1947 at 5.05 AM at Fort St George and was witnessed by thousands of people."Unfortunately, we do not have records with us to establish who hoisted the flag that day at Fort St George," the official said."This is the one and only national flag that has been conserved to this day and it is also the only flag that was hoisted on the first Independence day to survive till now," the official said.Asked about some portions of the flag appearing to be in tatters, the official said it was due to age."We are doing our very best to protect and conserve it, since it is our national heritage and pride and there is no similar flag available anywhere else in our country."
× Expand Granite City High School vocational teacher Billy Laycock (right) receives the Madison County Career & Technical Education Teacher of the Year award on May 16 from Madison County CTE director Rob Werden at Edwardsville High School.
GRANITE CITY — Billy Laycock walked out of Edwardsville High School on May 16 with the biggest award of his 17-year Granite City High School teaching career.
He was named the Madison County Career & Technical Education Teacher of the Year.
Laycock received his honor during a Madison County CTE board of control meeting at EHS. He was one of six people who received a plaque for their contributions in career technical education.
“They said there were multiple people who were going up for the award,” Laycock said. “I don't know how many people who were on that board, but they all agreed that I was the pick this year.”
The Madison County CTE System headquarters is at EHS. The system has been giving out awards for career technical education for three years.
The other people who received awards were Southwestern School District Superintendent Brad Skertich for administrator of the year, Kathleen Turner of Alton Memorial Hospital for business supporter of the year, Susan Naylor of Triad High for support staff of the year and Dylan Short of Civic Memorial High and Allyson Dooley of Alton High for students of the year.
“It was an honor that people seeing what you're doing is valuable to the community,” Laycock said. “Most of my seniors are either going to try to get a job in machining or they go to Ranken (Technical College) or SWIC. We have such a great partnership with SWIC. They helped me so much and that's what makes me able to do a lot better in the classroom because I have a lot of cool resources with SWIC.”
Laycock is the head of GCHS' vocational department. He has been teaching there since 2000.
“I've been teaching for 17 years at the high school and my biggest thing is you always put the kids first and everything you do has the kids' best interest to do the right thing,” Laycock said. “Through all 17 years of working with these kids, that's the best part of the job.”
Laycock graduated from GCHS in 1996. Then, he worked four years at Barry-Wehmiller, a global supplier of manufacturing technology in St. Louis.
“I went straight from high school into the workforce,” he said. “They had a training program where you had to document how many hours you ran this piece of equipment. It was a non-union shop, but it was kind of like what an apprenticeship program at a union shop is. That training program is where I picked up all of my experience and I left there and I went straight into teaching because while I was at Barry-Wehmiller in my last year when they started hiring new people, I was the guy who got to train all of the new hires. I found that's what I like to do.”
Laycock said he was thrilled when he was hired to teach at his alma mater 17 years ago.
“I came from that exact shop, which was another pretty cool deal,” he said. “You get to go back and teach at the same place you started your career at.”
GCHS' vocational department has a two-year program for juniors and seniors. Students will take classes such as automotive technology, vocational electronics, building trades, machinery and welding. They also learn how to use 3D printing.
Laycock said the program has 20-24 students every year.
“It's a little bit like playtime,” the teacher said. “We get to make some cool things and the kids learn to how to see equipment and they learn how to program and use a master cam. It's really neat to see how these young students, who are 16-18 years old, are mature enough to hold that responsibility and these students rise to my expectations every year. It's really cool to see that and for some other people in the district to see what I'm doing is worth it. That's what's awesome and they see great value in it.”
Follow AdVantage News on Facebook and Twitter
Shaw, who was claimed on waivers from Anaheim on Jan. 15, scored his first as a Canadien at 6:16 when he banged in a Byron Froese pass from the edge of the crease. Two minutes later, Morrow added one on a power play on a one-timer of Victor Mete's pass from the right point.
By Scott T. Sterling
Christmas is coming early for Paul McCartney fans.
Related: Billy Joel Joins Paul McCartney Onstage
On Nov. 17, the Beatles legend is set to release eight new titles from the Paul McCartney Archive Collection: McCartney, McCartney II, Tug Of War, Pipes Of Peace, Paul and Linda McCartney: Ram, Paul McCartney and Wings: Band On The Run, Wings: Venus And Mars, At The Speed Of Sound.
Each release will come in single CD digi-pak and 180-gram black vinyl single LP formats—as well as limited edition 180-gram color vinyl pressings. All vinyl LPs in the Archive Collection will feature a download card and fully restored artwork.
Every release in the ongoing Paul McCartney Archive Collection is supervised by McCartney himself, who oversees all aspects of each title from remastering to the curation of lost tracks, outtakes, artwork, photographs and video from his personal vaults.
The titles and corresponding limited edition vinyl colors are as follows:
Paul McCartney: McCartney – RED
Paul McCartney: McCartney II – CLEAR
Paul McCartney: Tug Of War – BLUE
Paul McCartney: Pipes Of Peace – SILVER
Paul and Linda McCartney: Ram – YELLOW
Paul McCartney and Wings: Band On The Run – WHITE
Wings: Venus And Mars – RED & YELLOW
Wings: At The Speed Of Sound – ORANGE
: Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh on Sunday appealed to the West Bengal Chief Minister, Mamata Banerjee, to initiate a dialogue with the Gorkha Janamukti Morcha (GJM) and other stakeholders to end the deadlock in the hills.“The Bengal state government should restore all civil supplies and also restore internet services, Cable TV and local channels. I also appeal to the people of Darjeeling to display sensitivity and also keep in mind their civic responsibilities. The problem can be resolved only through talks,” he added.On Sunday, in a meeting with GJM delegates in New Delhi, the union home minister urged GJM to call off the bandh - which has crippled the normal life for the last 60 days in Darjeeling.“The Gorkha Janamukti Morcha (GJM) has called for an indefinite strike in Darjeeling hills with effect from June 12 demanding a separate state of Gorkhaland. I am concerned about the developments in Darjeeling and the loss of valuable lives and sufferings of people over the past 60 days. It pains me immensely,” Rajnath said.He said, “In a democracy, solutions are always found through restraint, mutual dialogue and within the legal ambit. We can never achieve a solution to any problem through violence.”While highlighting the strategic location of Darjeeling, he said, “We are all aware of the strategic importance of the locality and the challenges that we face in the region, and I am kept informed of the developments on a regular basis by my colleague, SS Ahluwalia (MP, Darjeeling). Keeping in mind the national interest, as well as in the interest of our Gorkha brothers and sisters, who are brave and large-hearted people and have contributed immensely to nation building, I appeal to GJM and all other stakeholders to call off the hunger strike, and also withdraw the bandh call, allowing normalcy to return to the area. It is a move that will help create an atmosphere for a solution to the current crisis.”GJM welcomed the Union Home Ministry initiative to break the ice between them and the state government for creating an atmosphere for talks.
The Montreal Canadiens have fired head coach Michel Therrien and replaced him with Claude Julien. Julien also replaced Therrien back in 2003.
Spread the news!
Ten days into Operation Attention, North Yorkshire Police's drink and drug driving Christmas campaign, and the force has already arrested 39 drivers for driving under the influence of drink or drugs.
Despite the numerous warnings police and partner agencies have issued to drivers about the dangers of getting behind the wheel after consuming alcohol or taking drugs, 39 drivers have chosen to ignore them and have been arrested for the offences.
The highest reading of the campaign so far was provided by a 45-year-old man from Catterick, who was arrested on 4 December 2017. He was arrested on suspicion of driving with alcohol over the legal limit, after he gave a reading of 128 micrograms of alcohol per 100 millilitres of breath, over three and half times the legal limit of 35 micrograms of alcohol per 100 millilitres of breath. The driver has been released under investigation as officers continue their enquiries.
So far the campaign has seen 34 men and five women arrested across the region, with the highest number of arrests being made in Scarborough (nine arrests), York (eight arrests) and Harrogate (seven arrests).
The first driver arrested in this year's campaign appeared at York Magistrates Court on Thursday 7 December 2017. 52-year-old Tracy Roberts of Middleton Road, York pleaded guilty to driving a vehicle when alcohol level was above the legal limit. She was disqualified from driving for 15 months and ordered to pay £415 in fines and costs.
Speaking about the progress of the campaign so far Sergeant Andy Morton of the Roads Policing Group said: Unfortunately we are again seeing drivers placing themselves and others at unnecessary risk, by drinking or taking drugs and getting behind the wheel. As we said at the start of this campaign, North Yorkshire Police is actively patrolling and targeting these drivers and we will arrest you and take you off the road. If the fact that you could kill or seriously injure an innocent person through your own selfish act doesn't deter you from drink or drug driving, maybe the fact that you will be arrested, taken into custody and a court appearance will. You'll face a hefty fine, loss of your licence and potentially a prison sentence – not to mention potential loss of employment, income and in some cases I have dealt with, relationship breakdown and loss of home. You have to ask yourself – is it really worth the risk?
Operation Attention will continue to run over the festive period up to 1 January 2018.
Settling down in front of the TV to watch classic holiday movies and TV shows is a great way to spend time with friends and family during the holiday season. It's also a great way to avoid going out into a frigid Midwestern winter in search of a gift that nobody's going to have in stock anyway. Here at iMore, we've all got our on favorites for this time of year. From Christmas movies both classic and unconventional, to holiday-themed episodes of favorite TV shows, here's just some of what we'll be watching during the holiday season. Serenity Caldwell Die Hard: Not only is it a delightful action movie, but it's one of my favorite unintentional Christmas films. John McClane's first battle with the bad guys takes place in a fictional Los Angeles skyscraper after a Christmas work party goes awry, and it is everything a girl could want to get into the holiday action-movie spirit. I mean, how do you top "Now I have a machine gun, ho ho ho"? You can't.
Mike Tanasychuk National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation: This is the absolute best of the "Vacation" series and by far the funniest of the bunch. Everyone is at their best here, and Juliette Lewis and Johnny Galecki are the perfect Rusty and Audrey. Every scene is gold and Chevy Chase's epic speech at the end is as quotable as the day is long. Plus this is pre-Randy Quaid going nuts, and he's at the top of his Cousin Eddy game.
Arthur Christmas: This movie came out at an awkward time and didn't see a DVD release until the following holiday season (for some dumb reason), so it's no surprise when I mention it and people haven't heard of it. This might be the best animated Christmas movie I've ever seen. It has a wonderful, all-star British cast, including James McAvoy, Hugh Laurie, Imelda Staunton, and the enigmatic and absolutely brilliant Bill Nighy. This take on the Santa Claus mythos is fresh, fun, and absolutely hilarious, and though this is from 2011, the animation holds up to the best of today's releases. If you're looking for something heartwarming to watch with the whole family, Arthur Christmas is not to be missed.
Lory Gil Rare Exports: This Finnish holiday classic won my heart the very first time I saw it in 2010. It's about a little boy that still believes in Santa Claus, only he believes that Santa is not the jolly fat man that brings presents for everyone, but instead is the master of judgment who kidnaps and eats children who've been bad. There is one particularly endearing moment where the boy, Pietari, and his father are eating Christmas cookies on Christmas Eve, just before bedtime, when father is trying, and failing, to express his love for his son. It's beautiful and vulnerable and gritty, which is how you'll feel while watching this movie.
Rene Ritchie Iron Man 3: Sure, almost any Shane Black movie is a Christmas movie, and Kiss Kiss Bang Bang is basically this without the super suits, but you still gotta love Tony Stark taken to the Extemis. Lots of lows and groans, but the characters have so much fun that I can't hold any grudges. I just really, really want that Armor for Xmas. K, Santa? Also: Elf. Because Elf.
Mikah Sargent The Year Without a Santa Claus: My twelve days of Christmas are incomplete until I get to sit down and sing along to The Year Without a Santa Claus, my all-time favorite Christmas movie. It's an old school (1974) stop motion TV special that includes a bunch of delightful songs and life lessons. Santa falls ill and decides he won't be riding out for Christmas unless his elves can prove people still believe in Santa Claus. The film also features two wonderfully bitter characters: Mr. Heat Miser and Mr. Snow Miser. It's a fun film that's well worth your time.
Dr. Seuss' How the Grinch Stole Christmas: "Fahoo Fores Dahoo Dores" "Welcome Christmas Come this way!" I adore Jim Carey's performance in this film almost as much as I adore the music. How the Grinch Stole Christmas is hilarious, touching, and — IMHO — an excellent nod to Dr. Seuss' original work. If you've got a bit of the Scrooge spirit, pop in this film (after you watch A Christmas Carol) to exorcise ol' Scrooge and let your heart grow three sizes that day.
Cella Lao Rousseau "My $2000 ceramic Vektor my mother got me as a special gift. You threw in the lake next to the car. What happens when they drag the lake? You think they'll find my pistol. Jesus. Look up 'idiot' in the dictionary. You know what you'll find?" "... A picture of me?" "No! The definition of the word idiot, which you f*$#ing are!" Kiss Kiss Bang Bang has been one of my favourite movies of all time for a long time, but it wasn't until about 3 years ago that I realized it was truly a perfect Christmas film. Not only is it hilarious, crude, and insanely well-written, but the plot takes twists and turns and has a lot of heart despite Robert Downey Jr. and Val Kilmer constantly bickering (which is hilarious, by the way). As someone who really loves action movies, Kiss Kiss Bang Bang also delivers on the action aspect while still managing to be heartwarming and absolutely hysterical. It's riiiiiiight up there with Die Hard in the sense of Holiday movie + action + comedy = 🙌🏼 🙌🏼 🙌🏼 (but with Kiss Kiss Bang Bang you get some mystery, too, so that's always bound to brighten up the holiday spirit, right?)
Joseph Keller The Santa Clause: Live-action Disney movies in the 90s could get a little weird, and one of the results of that era is one of my personal favorite Christmas movies. What happens when Santa Claus falls off your roof? If you're Scott Calvin, guess what? The job is yours now. As it turns out, the position of Santa passes from person to person, with all that's required to become the next one is to put on the current Santa's coat after he dies (it's like "you keep what you kill" from The Chronicles of Riddck but without that movie's convoluted mythology clunky dialog). When Scott becomes the new Santa, he brings his son Charlie along for the ride, and Charlie spends the next year telling anyone who'll listen that his dad is Santa Claus. This includes Scott's ex-wife, who understandably becomes concerned about the kinds of things Scott is telling Charlie. This is one of my favorite Christmas movies from when I was a kid, and it still holds up now. It's funny, heartwarming, and offers an interesting twist to the mythology of Santa Claus.
Brooklyn Nine-Nine - Christmas: Brooklyn Nine-Nine is one of the best comedies on American television right now, and this show has absolutely dynamite holiday episodes. However, the first Christmas-themed episode will always have a special place in my heart. The main thrust of the episode sees Detective Jake Peralta placed in charge of security for Captain Raymond Holt after Holt receives a death threat ("I mean why would a death threat be a big deal? Oh that's right: because it threatens death!"). Naturally, Jake uses his position to bother the hell out Holt while trying to determine if the death threat is real. From a great cold open with fighting Santas to the final chase in the rail yard, this episode is a great showcase of what Brooklyn Nine-Nine is all about. "Nine-Nine!"
The Turkish automotive industry, which picked up some recent losses in the domestic market, has seen a rise in exports – exceeding $16 billion in the first half of the year – with more than 80 percent going to European countries. According to the Automotive Distributors' Association (ODD) and Turkish Exporters' Association (TİM), the Turkish automotive and light commercial vehicle industry contracted 11.92 percent in the first half of the year compared to the previous year. The industry, however, recorded $16.4 billion in exports with a 14.5 percent rise compared to the same period of last year.
In accordance with these figures, the automotive exports constituted 20 percent of Turkey's total exports in the first half, which exceeded $80 billion. Meanwhile in the first half of 2017, automotive exports stood at $14.3 billion.
The automotive sector's exports to the European Union and other European countries in the first half of the year increased by 15 percent and hit $13.6 billion, making up 80.5 percent of Turkey's $16.4 billion automotive exports in the first half of the year.
Europe was followed by the Middle East for the Turkish automotive industry. Car sales to Middle Eastern countries rose by 2.2 percent, reaching $805.1 million.
With exports over $2.4 billion, Germany was the biggest market for Turkish manufacturers. It was followed by Italy with $1.8 billion and France with $1.7 billion. The U.K. ranked fourth in Turkey's automotive exports with $1.4 billion. Accordingly, automotive sales separately to Germany, Italy, France and the U.K. each exceeded $1 billion.
In contrast, sales to the U.S. dropped by $159 million and stood at $463 million. Automotive sales to Iran and Denmark also fell by $51 million $22 million respectively while the decrease in exports to Ireland was at $19 million. Turkish automotive industry's exports to Syria also saw a $15 million fall in the first half of the year.
In 2017, the total automotive production increased by 13 percent to 1.7 million compared to 2016, while automobile production reached 1.1 million with an increase of 18 percent, providing the sector with the highest levels in both total automotive and automobile production, according to Automotive Manufacturers Association (OSD) data.
With these figures, both total automotive and automobile production reached their highest levels in Turkey.
In 2017, total automotive exports increased by 17 percent and automobile exports by 24 percent compared to the previous year. In this period, total exports amounted to 1.3 million units, followed by automobile exports with 921,000 units. Thus, 80 percent of the total production in the automotive industry was exported.
According to the Turkish Exporters Assembly (TİM) data, total automotive industry exports maintained the leading position in 2017 with an 18.2 percent share in exports.
Concern is growing near Hope as crews battle a fire at a popular tourist destination.
The Ladner Creek Trestle Bridge has been burning since Sunday afternoon.
Witnesses say the fire was started by a tossed cigarette butt and say the flames grew within minutes, quickly spreading to nearby trees.
It is currently about 0.2 hectares in size but is a challenging fight due to the steep terrain.
The Ladner Creek Trestle is part of the historic Kettle Valley Railway. It is more than 100 years old.
READ MORE: Evacuation orders and alerts rescinded for Allie Lake wildfire
Meanwhile, there is good news for residents affected by the Allie Lake wildfire 55 kilometres northwest of Kamloops: all evacuation orders pertaining to the fire have been lifted.
The Thompson-Nicola Regional District (TNRD) made the call around noon on Tuesday, with the BC Wildfire Service reporting the fire is now 35 per cent contained.
Wildfire officials say cool overnight temperatures and cloud cover have helped them make progress on the 2,700-hectare fire.
The service says 139 firefighters remain on scene, and are being helped by a dozen pieces of heavy equipment, seven helicopters and air tankers.
Meanhile evacuation alerts for several properties affected by the Xusum Creek wildfire have also been lifted.
But the Squamish-Lillooet Regional District (SLRD) says an evacuation order related to the 500-hectare fire, which is burning near Anderson Lake — about 35 kilometres west of Lillooet — remains in effect.
READ MORE: Crews look to mid-week rain for relief as B.C. wildfires hold steady
Highline Road also remains closed.
The Xusum Creek fire is also 35 per cent contained, but is still categorized as out of control.
More to come.
-With files from Simon Little, CKNW
Jonathan Law's Edward Platonov broke the boys swimming record in the 100 breaststroke when the Lawmen lost to Daniel Hand, 95-73, on Friday.
Platonov's time of 1:08.17 beat the previous mark of 1:08.40 (1991).
Justin Goglia, Jack Pincus-Coyle, Jack Iaffaldano and Platonov swam to a 3:49.31 finish in the 400 freestyle relay to break the record of 3:49.39 (1978).
200 medley relays: H 1:48.70 (Nate Imbergamo, Paul O'Connor, Sean Laragy, Beecher Porter); 200 free: Finn Hambett (H) 2:05.99; 200 IM: Tyler Merritt (H) 2:17.73; 50 free: Beecher Porter (H) 23.88; Diving: Mary Huminski (H) 209.60; 100 butterfly: Ryan Harvey (H) 1:02.73; 100 free: Jake Beiner (H) 56.17; 500 free: Justin Goglia (JL) 5:20.28; 200 free relay: JL 1:55.85 (Jack Iaffaldano, Carson Carr, Drew Ancheta, Andrew Silva); 100 backstroke: Molly Mercaldo (JL) 1:11.35; 100 breaststroke: Edward Platonov (JL) 1:08.17; 400 free relay: JL 3:49.31 (Justin Goglia, Jack Pincus-Coyle, Jack Iaffaldano, Edward Platonov)
Want the latest news and insights on your favorite team?
Sign up
Sign up for our newsletter and get every update delivered to your inbox!
Dhanush resumes shooting of long-pending film Enai Nokki Paayum Thota, slated for February 2018 release
Actor Dhanush has resumed shooting the final schedule of director Gautham Menon's long-pending romantic-action thriller Enai Nokki Paayum Thota in Chennai today, on 12 December. Dhanush, who was sporting an untamed moustache and beard in the past few months for national award-winning filmmaker Vetrimaaran's Vada Chennai, has gone back to his clean-shaven look for ENPT now.
The shooting is currently happening on the busy lanes of Old Mahabalipuram Road, Chennai.
Gautham Menon, who escaped a dangerous accident by a whisker a few days back, is back on his feet, calling the shots for the film, which is jointly produced by his home banner Ondraga Entertainment and Madan's Escape Artists Motion Pictures.
"Humbled by the concern and the wishes. A life-altering experience. I'm fine and waiting to start filming. Thank you, especially to Gopalakrishnan from HCL whose kindness last night to me reinstated my faith in people," Menon, a few hours after the accident, had tweeted.
"There were certain issues between Dhanush and the makers. However, they had reconciled sometime back and agreed to wrap up the project in a single stretch. Since Dhanush was in his Vada Chennai getup, they had to wait for him. Now, the final leg of the shoot, including all patchwork portions, is planned to be completed before the end of December," informs a source from the film's unit.
The principal shooting of Enai Nokki Paayum Thota commenced in March 2016 in the premises of SSN Engineering College, located on the outskirts of Chennai. Before the completion of the film, Gautham Menon moved on to kickstart his international spy thriller Dhruva Natchathiram, starring Vikram, in January 2017, and Dhanush proceeded to work on his respective commitments, for reasons best known to the team.
Starring Megha Akash of Oru Pakka Kathai fame as the lead heroine, Enai Nokki Paayum Thota also features Rana Daggubati in a special cameo. Actress Sunainaa was also roped in for a brief role in the film, which has music composed by Darbuka Siva. The song Maruvaarthai Pesathey, which was released by the team without revealing the composer's name, turned to be a sensational hit.
"Since Dhanush was away for two to three months to shoot Vada Chennai, I started working on Dhruva Natchathiram. He will be back soon, and we have some ten days of shooting left," Menon had told Manorama last month in a video interview.
The makers are now aiming for a release in February 2018, and if everything goes well as planned, Enai Nokki Paayum Thota will be Dhanush's first release of 2018. Senthil Veersamy, a long-time associate of Gautham Menon and the producer of acclaimed film Raja Thandiram, will be seen locking horns with Dhanush as the baddie in his first full-fledged on-screen role.
After wrapping up ENPT, Dhanush will move on to complete the remaining portions of his gangster saga Vada Chennai, which is jointly produced by Wunderbar Films and Lyca Productions. The film, which chronicles the life of a gangster over three decades, stars Aishwarya Rajesh and Andrea Jeremiah in pivotal roles. Samuthirakani, Daniel Balaji, Ameer, Kishore and Cheenu Mohan form the supporting cast.
Dhanush is expected to start his home production Maari 2 in the first quarter of 2018. The movie is a sequel to his 2015 gangster-comedy Maari and will be directed by Balaji Mohan who helmed the first part. Sai Pallavi plays the female lead, and Malayalam actor Tovino Thomas will be pitted against Dhanush in the film.
Dhanush's upcoming slate also includes an untitled film with Thenandal Studios Ltd, the makers of Vijay's blockbuster Mersal. He is also awaiting the release of his Hollywood debut The Extraordinary Journey of the Fakir directed by Ken Scott. He co-stars with Oscar-nominated actress Berenice Bejo in this comedy-adventure, which was procured up by a slew of foreign distributors for various overseas regions in the American Film Market in October this year.
CLAIM
British police found Russian president Vladimir Putin's passport at the scene of a chemical attack on former Russian spy Sergei Skripal in Salisbury, England.
False
RATING
False
ORIGIN
On 12 March 2018, UK's prime minister Theresa May announced that it is “highly likely” that the nerve agent with which former Russian spy Sergei Skripal and his daughter were poisoned on British soil earlier that month came from Russia.
Four days later, the self-styled “honest news” web site The-Postillion.com reported a shocking development in the case — namely, that investigators had found Russian president Vladimir Putin's passport at the scene of the crime:
Salisbury (dpo) – Last doubts over Russia's guilt in poisoning former spy Sergei Skripal have been eliminated. As the British government announced today, the passport of Russian president Vladimir Putin was found at the scene in Salisbury. According to Prime Minister Theresa May, the passport was only now found in another search of the scene, as it had been hidden under a fallen leaf.
The article closed with the claim that the British government gave the Russian Federation 24 hours to extradite their president to London.
But although it is true that the governments of England, France, Germany, and the United States have all pointed the finger at Russia as the likely perpetrator of the 4 March 2018 attack, which left its intended victims in critical condition and harmed several others, including people who came to the aid of Skripal and his daughter, no physical evidence has come to light directly linking Putin to the crime. Russia has denied any involvement in the crime.
No reports of Putin's (or anyone else's) passport being discovered at the scene appeared in mainstream news sources, and for good reason: It's false and preposterous. The Postillion is a satirical web site whose content, according to a disclaimer on the site's FAQ page, is entirely fictional and for entertainment purposes only:
1. Are these true news and stories?
No, everything you can read here is satire and therefore all made-up. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.
Among the other tongue-in-cheek “scoops” published on the site are articles reporting that the White House was fitted with a revolving door to facilitate staff turnover, and that President Trump announced he will deport Native Americans back to India.
The long wait for the start of the Dodgers postseason run is finally over as the National League Division Series kicks off this evening versus the Arizona Diamondbacks.
Get complete coverage from inside and outside of Dodger Stadium from our team of reporters and photographers, including columnists Bill Plaschke and Dylan Hernandez and Dodgers beat writer Andy McCullough.
BANGKOK Babies dressed as cupids, underwater weddings and a government vitamin giveaway to encourage procreation were all part of Thailand's imaginative and bizarre events Tuesday to mark Valentine's Day. The Land of Smiles embraces February 14 like few other countries in Southeast Asia, with Bangkok awash with pop-up flower stalls and a roster of romantic gestures unfurling across the country. The junta government led the love-in, doling out heart-shaped boxes of free iron and folic acid supplements in a bid to help healthy pregnancies and stimulate the kingdom's birthrate.
“In 1970, a family had an average of six children but now it's 1.6,” Wachira Pengjuntr, director-general of the Department of Health, told AFP. “In the past people ate better food, more vegetables and fruits but now lifestyles have changed... so we want to encourage more births.” In the southern tourist hotspot of Trang, couples were offered the opportunity to marry underwater - in full wedding dress and diving gear - in an annual publicity stunt aimed at boosting visitor numbers. And babies at one Bangkok maternity ward were dressed up with wings to resemble the god of love. Even Thailand's fractious political arena, a stage more accustomed to the delivery of brickbats than bouquets, could not escape Cupid's arrow. In a widely trailed “Day of Love”, the junta opened reconciliation talks with some political players in an effort to bridge a decade of conflict that has seen two democratic governments upended by coups. Thailand's normally stern Prime Minister Prayut Cha-O-Cha was also in an affectionate mood following a poll saying just over half the country wanted to give him flowers for Valentine's Day.
Usain Bolt has warned the next generation of Jamaican sprinters they have to display the same insatiable desire for greatness he did if they are to follow in his footsteps.
Bolt bade a final farewell to the sport he has ruled for the past nine years with an emotional lap of honour at the end of the World Championships in London on Sunday.
Warmth poured down from the packed stands, but he admitted he had endured a "rough" send-off on the track, having to settle for bronze in the 100 metres and then pulling up injured in his very last race, the 4x100m relay.
The 30-year-old's travails were an experience shared by many of his compatriots.
Jamaica finished the 10 days of competition with just one gold medal, courtesy of Omar McLeod in the 110m hurdles.
In the men's and women's 100m, 200m and 4x100m relays they won just two bronze medals in total, the women's sprint quartet claiming the other place on the podium. There was no Jamaican representation at all in the final of either the men's or women's 200m.
At the Rio Olympics last year those six sprint events produced five golds and one silver.
Bolt denied it was a sign Jamaican sprinting was on the wane, but accepted his were big shoes to fill.
"It's just one of those things, sometimes it just doesn't go your way," he said.
"There is lots of talent in Jamaica, I've seen it myself, I've seen the youngsters.
"But I've learned that everybody is not like me - you have to want it, you have to be hungry, you have to want to be the greatest and I think that will be the key thing for the Jamaican athletes. Do they want to be the best, do they want to be the greatest?
"If they want to be great they can. If they work hard and put the effort in, athletics for Jamaica will be safe."
That will to win is personified in the race singled out by Bolt as the most impressive of his career - not one of his Olympic gold medals from Beijing, London or Rio, nor his world record runs of 9.58 seconds for the 100m and 19.19secs for the 200m, but his 100m victory over Justin Gatlin, by just one-hundredth of a second, at the 2015 World Championships.
"I had to really fight to win, I think it showed a lot of character," he said.
The 19-time global champion believes the legacy he will leave the sport is the knowledge that "anything is possible", a sentiment he acknowledged he proved with his struggles in London.
"It's ironic that my motto says anything is possible and no one would ever have felt like I would be beaten in a championship," he said.
"I'm on the wrong end of this situation, but I personally feel this is a good message for kids - work hard, be strong and push on."
Walking away he may be, but Bolt is eager to remain in the sport. Certainly, losing him completely is not something it can contemplate.
"My agent is talking to Mr Coe (the president of athletics' world governing body the IAAF) to figure out in what way I can help the sport and I am looking forward to this," he said.
For the time being, though, Bolt's focus is on enjoying his freedom, unconstrained at last by the rigours of training and competition.
"My whole life has been pretty much track and field," he said.
"I've been doing this pretty much since I was 10, so all I know is track. For me to be able to relax and have fun and just live a little bit is exciting."
Three not-so-deep initial thoughts from Iain MacIntyre on the Canucks' 4-0 loss to the Penguins.
PITTSBURGH — At least there was no debate about who was the Vancouver Canucks' No. 1 centre.
The NHL team faced the buzz-saw Pittsburgh Penguins on Tuesday without either Bo Horvat or Brandon Sutter at centre, leaving 36-year-old Henrik Sedin to try carrying the attack.
Horvat watched the game on crutches after blocking a Jack Eichel slapshot with his foot in the final minute of Sunday's 4-2 win against the Buffalo Sabres. Sutter led Canuck centres that night with 21:38 of ice time despite straining his wrist or hand during an awkward fall.
Sutter took the morning skate in Pittsburgh and had hoped to play, but was a game-time scratch. Horvat didn't skate and the Canucks had anticipated his absence by recalling minor-league forward Brendan Gaunce.
After losing winger Sven Baertschi to a concussion in the road-trip opener last Tuesday in Nashville, the Canucks had no forwards left to replace Sutter, and dressed seventh-defenceman Alex Biega as a fourth-line winger.
The Canucks said the Horvat and Sutter injuries are day-to-day.
The team didn't practise Monday and isn't scheduled to practise Wednesday in St. Louis, where Vancouver's difficult six-game road trip ends Thursday.
“For the guys that are in, you've got to be ready,” Sutter said after the morning skate. “We've just got to keep playing.”
Gaunce started the game in Horvat's spot between wingers Alex Burrows and Jannik Hansen. Horvat's line amassed 10 points in two games on the weekend.
“It's frustrating,” Hansen said. “It feels like we've finally hit the ground running a little bit; we're creating chances and getting rewarded. And this kind of throws a wrench into that.
“Someone's going to come in and fill some big skates — literally and figuratively. We've dealt with injuries before and we're going to have to find a way to deal with this.”
Unfamiliar Sedinery
The coldest temperature on this road trip is Sedin's plus-minus rating, which had dropped 10 notches in nine games and was a frigid minus 18 before Henrik faced Sidney Crosby on Tuesday.
While the Sedins' decline in scoring has been problematic, if predictable, Henrik's sudden defensive liability is surprising.
Hank and Danny Sedin have always been conscientious two-way players, even when they were winning NHL scoring titles. Henrik was plus 196 in his career before Tuesday's game, and Daniel plus 173. But they will likely finish this season as minus players for the first time since they were rookies in 2001. Danny was minus 11 before Tuesday.
“We're some of the few players who put a lot in this; we think it's an important stat,” Henrik said. “It doesn't say everything about the player, but it says something about the team and where you are and how you're playing.
“I think I'm focused more on the defensive side right now than I've ever done, but goals just seem to go in when I'm on the ice. That's not fun.”
No longer Sullied
Less than three years ago, Mike Sullivan was fired as an assistant coach in Vancouver after John Tortorella's disastrous one-and-done season in charge, and we wondered whether he'd get another chance in the NHL.
Sullivan, 48, coached the Penguins to the Stanley Cup last June and has a chance to win another this spring, when he could be a coach-of-the-year finalist, too.
Sullivan's record since replacing Mike Johnston as the Penguins' head coach 14 months ago: 67-29-12, plus 16-8 in the playoffs.
“It was a hard experience; I'm not going to lie,” Sullivan said of the 2013-14 season with the Canucks. “We're all proud people and we want to have success and we pour every ounce of energy into trying to help a group be successful. I think probably the biggest take-away for me is just the persistence that it takes to succeed in this league.
“When you go through hard experiences, it tests your resolve, it tests your character. I think it helps to clarify your convictions. And all of those things … serve you well as a coach.”
CLICK HERE to report a typo.
Is there more to this story? We'd like to hear from you about this or any other stories you think we should know about. Email vantips@postmedia.com.
LAHORE: The Overseas Pakistanis Commission (OPC) has emerged as an effective platform to help and facilitate the expatriates. Commissioner Overseas Pakistanis Commission (OPC) Punjab, Afzaal Bhatti said this while presiding over a departmental meeting, says a handout issued here on Sunday. He disclosed the Commission was working on fast track basis and half of the received complaints had already been redressed. –APP
He said the OPC was playing a very pivotal role in redressing different issues faced by the Overseas Pakistanis, adding that overseas Pakistanis could anytime, contact the OPC for solution of their complaints relating to the government agencies in the province.
The commissioner said the OPC had developed a state-of-the-art IT based system on the directions of Punjab Chief Minister Muhammad Shehbaz Sharif.
Through this system, complaints were referred to the concerned departments for further proceedings, he added.
He said the OPC monitored the whole process electronically to ensure in time redressal of the complaints.
Afzaal Bhatti said that district Overseas Committees were also playing their role to settle the issues.
by Peg Craig
Contributing Writer
The Albertville City Council finished the year by meeting to honor a departing councilman and a retiring employee. They also amended an ordinance regarding on-street parking, heard the report of the fire chief and discussed plans for continuing improvem
ents to the Interstate 94 interchange.
RECOGNITIONS The Albertville City Council presents a plaque in recognition of retiring city councilor Larry Sorensen's eight years of service. Left to right are councilor Rob Olson, Sorensen, Mayor Jillian Hendrickson, and councilors John Vetsch and Walter Hudson.
Larry Sorensen is leaving after serving eight years on the council.
City Administrator Adam Nafstad thanked him for his eight years of service and praised him for “being a man of his word, supporting the staff and having an impeccable attendance record.”
When asked to reflect on his time on the council, Sorensen said, “Serving on city council is all about doing what is best for the future of the city.” He said that the Albertville has “done a good job of getting ahead of the curve” on rolling out single sort recycling, negotiating a service agreement with Otsego to provide fire service a portion of their city, hiring a full-time fire chief, and always looking for better ways to serve the taxpayers.
The council also thanked retiring employee Jane Arnoldy for her years of service to Albertville. Finance Director Tina Lannes said she took on a variety of tasks for the finance department and was a real “Jane of all Trades.”
She retired once but came back to work on special projects implementing new systems for improved efficiency in billing and record keeping. She helped organize elections and served as a judge. During the summer she was an asset to the Albertville teams when they took on the St. Michael staff in a variety of sports.
Arnoldy intends to stay retired this time by moving to her hometown of Mankato. Retiring Albertville city employee Jane Arnoldy, center, receives recognition of her service from, left to right, city councilors John Vetsch, Larry Sorensen, Walter Hudson, Mayor Jillian Hendrickson and Rob Olson.
PARKING
In other news, the City Council amended its on-street parking ordinance to allow the sheriff's office to do the enforcement.
Previously the City Code called for an administrative fine for parking violations. Fines were issued by city staff and only during business hours. Often this meant that a letter was sent to the presumed homeowner asking that vehicles inappropriately parked be moved.
Now, the sheriff's office will issue the tickets and the Wright County Attorney's office will handle prosecutions. The penalty for a parking violation will be a $42 ticket rather than a petty misdemeanor and administrative fine.
These provisions apply to all parking violations in the City Code including the winter regulations. From Nov. 1 to March 31 parking is prohibited after snowfalls of 2 inches or more until the street has been plowed. Vehicles in violation may be removed as well as ticketed.
FIRE DEPARTMENT
In further matters, Fire Chief Eric Bullen reported that the leadership system of the fire department is being restructured. A Deputy Chief position will be added and the officers will serve staggered three year terms.
Currently there are four vacancies on the department and they are in the process of filling them.
The department is continuing to work with Otsego toward a Joint powers agreement. No final decisions have been made, but Otsego has budgeted money to build a fire station. Albertville has applied for a grant to cover six sets of turnout gear. A new rescue truck has been put into service and the old one will be sold at auction.
INTERSTATE 94
Lastly, City Administrator Nafstad spoke about the plans for continuing to improve the interchanges with I-94.
Plans call for six lanes from Hwy. 241 to County Rd. 19 and replacement of the bridges spanning County Rd. 19. Part of the plan would be the construction of access lanes eastbound between County Rd. 19 and County Rd. 37, but MnDOT is exploring alternatives to this access.
The cities of Albertville and S.t Michael have agreed to share the cost of Federal and State lobbyists to monitor the planning, negotiate to secure funding, and schedule meeting with legislators, staff and administration officials to advocate for the project scope.
Tue, Feb 14: Mount Royal University President David Docherty identifies Jeff Bird as one of the victims of a tragic plane crash in the Waiporous Creek area Monday.
NEW YORK: The North American movie box office raked in US$11.4 billion in 2016, making it the highest-earning year in history, according to box office tracker comScore.
Last year's total eclipsed the previous record of US$11.14 billion in 2015.
The crop of blockbuster movies in 2016 was topped by "Finding Dory," which tallied US$486.3 million in sales in the United States and Canada, comScore said.
The latest Star Wars movie, "Rogue One," finished the year in second place, but it was only released on December 16 in the United States and continues to enjoy strong sales.
Disney had six of North America's top 10 grossing movies in 2016 and all of the top three, including "Captain America: Civil War," which took in US$408 million, according to comScore.
"Forgetful fish, super-heroes, household pets and space travelers led the charge in a year that was marked by an incredibly diverse selection of films from every genre and of every size and scope from all the studios," comScore's senior media analyst, Paul Dergarabedian, said in a news release on Sunday.
(Reporting by Jarrett Renshaw; Editing by Peter Cooney)
Another Brexit bump: Microsoft has increased the cost of its Surface Book laptops for UK consumers.
The company had already made changes to certain of its enterprise products following the impact of the UK's June referendum vote to leave the European Union on pound sterling. But the precipitous fall in the value of the UK's currency has now moved Microsoft to rework some of its consumer price-tags too.
A tipster called Nic pointed us to the Surface Book price rises, noting the laptops have increased by £150 across the board — with the base model now costing £1449 vs the prior price-tag of £1,299. So a rise of 11.5 per cent, in that instance.
A spokeswoman for Microsoft confirmed it has raised some consumer prices, telling TechCrunch: “In response to a recent review we are adjusting the British pound prices of some of our hardware and consumer software in order to align to market dynamics.”
She added that the price changes — which came into effect today — only affect products and services purchased by individuals, or organisations without volume licensing contracts.
“For indirect sales where our products and services are sold through partners, final prices will continue to be determined by them,” she added.
Happily for our tipster he bought his chosen Surface Book — the i5, 256GB model — earlier in the week, before the price rises took effect.
“I was considering waiting for the new i7 with performance base that's due soon, decided it probably wasn't worth it,” he said, adding: “Glad I went for it when I did! Definitely wouldn't have bought it at the prices now (even with discount) especially as a new version is probably due sometime this year.”
Microsoft is by no means the only electronics maker inflating consumer prices in the wake of the Brexit vote. Yesterday audio kit maker Sonos bumped up its prices by up to 25 per cent, while Apple raised Mac prices by up to 25 per cent in October. It also increased the price of iOS apps by the same percentage in January. Expect plenty more such Brexit price bumps coming down the pipe.
Tulsar Canada, a company that moved to Brant County less than a year ago, is expanding.
The company, which makes control panels for water and wastewater pumping systems, has purchased Arrow Radio, one of its longtime suppliers, for $1 million. The deal is expected to be completed by April 26.
Tulsar occupies a 12,542-square-metre (135,000-square-foot) plant on Worthington Drive in Cainsville. It
"The quality and craftsmanship in Arrow Radio's products are exactly what we strive to achieve at Tuslar Canada," company president George Micevski said. "Tulsar is looking forward to expanding Arrow Radio's offerings to our existing customer base, while continuing good relations with Arrow Radio's existing customers and suppliers."
Tulsar said that Arrow Radio's line of electrical power cords and wire harness assemblies are a natural fit with its hand-assembled electronic panels. Tulsar has been using Arrow Radio products since 2002.
Plans call for Arrow Radio's product in Etobicoke, Ont., to be gradually relocated to Cainsville. The deal is expected to add 20 jobs to Tulsar.
All current employees of Arrow Radio will offer jobs with Tulsar, Micevski said.
Arrow Radio has been operated for 35 years as a family business by Lothar and Shirley Wollenzein, who plan to retire.
"The values of Tulsar and Arrow Radio are perfectly aligned," Micevski said. "This will enable us to further grow our business in Brant County and reduce our reliance on outside suppliers as we continue to build a more self-sufficient business.
Tulsar serves the municipal, industrial, commercial, environmental, recreational and residential sectors.
The company's products include Wi-Fi enabled alarms to standard control panels and fully engineered pump station kiosks for all weather conditions.
Tulsar moved to Cainsville from Kitchener last May. At the time, it employed 50 people with plans to add up to 150 more over the next couple of years.
Vball@postmedia.com
twitter.com/EXPVBall
Newport Beach planners will begin drafting a new city zoning code that would allow tasting rooms at craft breweries.
The potential change comes after Costa Mesa-born Gunwhale Ales approached Newport Beach city staff proposing a manufacturing and retail location for its “coastal ales” concept, and could open the door for similarly appointed microbreweries plus craft wineries and distilleries.
The change would specifically open up Newport's industrial area, which already allows beer manufacturing under the umbrella of “food processing,” to allow those breweries to have small attached tasting rooms.
The city Planning Commission voted 6-0 on Thursday, with Commissioner Lauren Kleiman absent, to move ahead with the zoning code amendment.
Planner Jim Campbell said beer manufacturing and onsite consumption are allowed in areas zoned for restaurants such as Newport Beach Brewing Co., which has a full bar and menu at its Newport Boulevard location. But in industrial areas, like the one where Gunwhale hopes to stake its claim, onsite tasting rooms aren't allowed.
City staff and Gunwhale officials have said that modern microbreweries depend on tasting rooms as an important business component.
“They do produce beer from raw ingredients,” Campbell told the commission. “They cook it, they ferment it, they condition it, they bottle it, they can it, they fill kegs, they do all of that through an industrial operation, and they sell most of their beer wholesale to restaurants, bars and retail establishments. But they do have taprooms, or tasting rooms.”
Gunwhale's partners submitted a letter to the city of Newport Beach last month proposing a brewery with a tasting room in an industrial pocket of west Newport around 16th Street and Placentia Avenue, near the Costa Mesa line. They have identified a few properties in the area that they could convert to a production brewery with a small space for selling beer for onsite consumption or packaged to buy and take away.
Two of Gunwhale's three founders live in Newport Heights, and the trio told the city it hopes to make Newport its primary facility.
Campbell told the commission that tasting rooms can sell full pints and schooners and can resemble a typical bar, some with food, games, TVs, live entertainment and late hours. Those variations can depend on local regulations, he said.
Newport's potential code amendment would allow breweries with tasting rooms, subject to review on a case-by-case basis, with some regulations on building size, hours of operation, provision of food service and parking. Changes will need further Planning Commission review before being finalized by the City Council. The process could take about four to six months, Campbell said.
Commissioner Kory Kramer suggested the updated code also allow tasting rooms for wineries, and Erik Weigand suggested it cover craft distilleries.
Commissioner Bill Dunlap said craft brewing is a burgeoning industry in the area, with Costa Mesa approving its fifth and sixth microbreweries last month. Gunwhale was Costa Mesa's second locally based brewery when it opened its first location at 2960 Randolph Ave. less than a year ago.
Dunlap said Anaheim is probably leading the way in Orange County with the industry, with a city staffer designated as a “beer planner.”
“It's something that's coming,” he said. “I think we need to address it.”
hillary.davis@latimes.com
Twitter: @Daily_PilotHD
The cost calculator is intended to provide a ballpark estimate for information purposes only and is not to be considered an actual quote of your total moving cost. Data provided by Moving Pros Network LLC. More…
The calculator is based on industry average costs. Your move costs may vary depending on the actual weight of your goods, the services you request or are needed to complete the move, and/or on the pricing of each individual mover. Also, certain costs are not reflected in this calculation, for example any fuel surcharge that may be applicable at the time of your move and valuation costs.
Learn the basics of using a computer, enhance keyboarding skills and delve into the use of spreadsheets with tuition-free classes offered by the Southwestern Illinois College Adult Education and Literacy department in June.
These classes are designed for individuals who have little or no computer experience and do not have a high school diploma or high school equivalency certificate, comparable to a GED; recently earned a high school equivalency certificate; are English as a second language students; or participate in Department of Human Services programs.
These Monday and Wednesday classes will meet from 5:30-7:55 p.m. June 11, 13, 18, 20, 25 and 27.
A keyboarding course will meet at the SWIC Belleville Campus, 2500 Carlyle Ave. Learn and enhance your typing and keyboarding skills. This class is suggested as a preparation class for Microsoft Word.
A Computer Basics class will be offered at the East St. Louis Community College Center, 601 James R. Thompson Blvd. In this class, you will gain basic computer knowledge and familiarity with the Windows operating system and the internet.
An Introduction to Spreadsheets course will meet at the SWIC Sam Wolf Granite City Campus, 4950 Maryville Road. Learn to use Microsoft Excel to create, format and save spreadsheet documents for the purpose of organizing, storing and analyzing data.
For more information about these classes or to register, call the Belleville Campus at (618) 235-2700, ext. 5521; Sam Wolf Granite City Campus at (618) 931-0600, ext. 7396; or East St. Louis Community College Center at (618) 874-6526.
Follow AdVantage on Facebook and Twitter
In the face of the U.S.' ambivalent polices regarding Manbij, Syria, experts argue that Turkey should cautiously seek ways of reconciliation, while paying attention to Washington's unfulfilled promises. U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo said that the two countries will finalize a road map for the future of Manbij in talks in Washington on June 3-4. "The U.S. has never presented a firm stance but followed ambivalent policies," Kemal İnat, an academic from Sakarya University stated.
He added that "while the U.S. tries to keep Turkey within the NATO, it also adopted hypocritical steps against Turkey in the field of terrorism."
On May 25, the Turkish-U.S. working group on Syria met in Ankara to continue ongoing conversations regarding Syria and other issues. Following the meeting, a joint statement was published saying that "the two sides outlined the main contours of a Road Map for their further cooperation in ensuring security and stability in Manbij, which is held by the PKK terrorist organization's Syrian affiliate, the People's Protection Units (YPG). Foreign Minister Çavuşoğlu and Secretary Pompeo will meet on June 4 to consider the recommendations of the working group."
Officials from Turkey have been long saying that the YPG terrorists need to withdraw from Manbij. Ankara demands that Turkish and U.S. troops would ensure security in Manbij once the YPG withdraws and the two countries would monitor the withdrawal process. In line with that, Ankara argues that the future administration of Manbij should reflect the demographics of the province which was predominantly Arab, determined according to a census before the civil war broke out and the YPG took control.
There are roughly 2,000 U.S. troops in Manbij and a dozen U.S. military bases in northern Syria, according to unofficial sources. The U.S. has backed the YPG, which functions under the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), in the fight against Daesh, despite the group being organically linked with the PKK. The PKK is listed as a terrorist organization by the U.S., the EU and Turkey. U.S. President Donald Trump made a surprise announcement previously, saying the U.S. would withdraw from Syria in the near future. However, statements coming from the U.S. State Department and the Pentagon indicated that these statements will not be reflected into reality.
Referring to the meetings with the former U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, İnat said that the talks raised hopes as the sides reached a common understanding regarding the issue of Manbij. However, he added that Pompeo's negative statements toward Turkey create mistrust. "The YPG is a direct threat to the national security of Turkey. A middle ground can be reached if the U.S. takes steps for the withdrawal of the YPG," Murat Aslan, an academic from Hasan Kalyoncu University stated. He added that it would be a first step for efforts to stabilize the region.
Aslan also underlined that Turkey needs to be careful "as the U.S. might change the name of the terror group and continue to use it in the region." Following Tillerson's visit to Ankara in February, Turkey and the U.S. agreed to establish mechanisms in order to address various issues that have been undermining the ties. When Tillerson left the post, the talks between the countries were suspended. Commenting on Turkey's previous steps to eliminate YPG terrorists, İnat also stressed, "Turkey showed that it is not shying away from taking risks in order to protect its national security with Operation Euphrates Shield and Operation Olive Branch and it will not allow the YPG's existence there as well." YPG took control over Manbij in 2016 with the support of the U.S. under the pretext of fighting Daesh. The U.S. previously promised that the terrorists will leave the region when the fight against Daesh ends. However, it did not fulfill that promise which raised serious concerns in Ankara.
Steps to be taken immediately when deal made
Speaking in a televised interview yesterday, Foreign Minister Mevlüt Çavuşoğlu said that "when the agreement is reached, necessary steps will be taken immediately."
He added that "when the YPG withdraws, the people from Manbij will rule the city and provide security." Çavuşoğlu underlined that the criteria for the ruling of the city will be determined by the population. He highlighted that the roadmap might be applied until the end of summer and Turkey along with the U.S. will monitor the withdrawal of YPG terrorists. In relation to the issue, U.S. State Department spokesperson Heather Nauert said during a daily press briefing Tuesday, "We don't have any agreements yet with the government of Turkey. We announced previously that the United States and the Turkish working group met in Ankara on Friday of last week."
"We're continuing to have ongoing conversations regarding Syria and other issues of mutual concern. The two sides then had outlined the contours of a road map for further cooperation, and that includes on Manbij," she added.
3-tier technical plan established
Meanwhile, a report published by Anadolu Agency (AA) yesterday stated that Turkey and the U.S. agreed on a three-tier technical plan and it will be finalized with the meeting between the two foreign ministers.
Accordingly, if the agreement is signed on June 4, YPG terrorists will leave Manbij in 30 days. In the second part of the plan, it is reported that Turkey and the U.S. are expected to start jointly monitoring the city after 45 days.
In the third part of the plan, it is foreseen that the local government will be established in 60 days following the agreement. The military council that will establish security for the city and the city council, which will provide services, will be established according to the population's ethnicity, which is 90 percent Arab.
Three youth and one Regina man are facing charges related to attempted murder after an investigation into two incidents on April 23.
Regina police were called to Pasqua Hospital just after 6 a.m. for reports of an 18-year-old man who was suffering non-life threatening injuries after being shot with a gun.
READ MORE: Four people face attempted murder charges after Regina police find woman in street
Police received alleged information that earlier that morning, the man was walking in the area of 8th Avenue and Cameron Street when a vehicle approached him. A man allegedly got out of the vehicle and shot the 18-year-old .
He was able to make it home on foot and a family member took him to hospital.
Just two hours later, police received a mischief report at a residence in the 4800 block of Sherwood Drive. They received information a window had been broken.
READ MORE: La Loche school shooter to be sentenced as an adult
Officers were not dispatched to the Sherwood Drive residence until approximately 10:15 a.m., when they received reports that a vehicle pulled up in front of the home, a gun was pointed at the house by a passenger, and then the vehicle drove away.
Police said the vehicle matched the description of the same vehicle involved in the shooting of the man earlier that morning.
Area searches led to the discovery of the suspect vehicle in they are of the 900 block of Royal Street. Four suspects were seen exiting the vehicle, but all managed to escape police.
READ MORE: Regina woman charged with attempted murder and robbery
Further investigation led the police to a residence in the same block, where officers located and arrest all four suspects. The vehicle was then seized.
Three of the four suspects are youths, between the ages of 15 and 17, and face multiple charges, including attempted murder using a firearm, reckless discharge of a restricted firearm, and three counts of possession of property obtained by crime over $5,000.
The fourth suspect, Kashtin Earlin Creed Quewezance, 19, of Regina, is facing charges of possession of a scheduled substance for the purpose of trafficking, and failure to comply with a probation order.
Waldgeist enters Cartier Racing Awards reckoning Posted by racenews on Wednesday, July 4, 2018 · Leave a Comment
The Irish Derby Festival was staged at the Curragh over the weekend of Saturday, June 30 and Sunday, July 1. This means, together with top-class action at Saint-Cloud in France, there have been some changes to the Pattern race points standings for 2018 Cartier Racing Awards.
The 28th Cartier Racing Awards will be presented at a glittering ceremony before an invited audience of 300 at the Dorchester Hotel, London, England, on the evening of Tuesday, November 13, 2018.
The longstanding and prestigious awards were established in 1991 to reward excellence in horseracing. There are eight equine awards, ranging from the Cartier Horse Of The Year to the Cartier Two-Year-Old Colt and Cartier Two-Year-Old Filly.
European horseracing's top awards are delivered through a tried and tested combination of points earned by horses in Pattern races (30%), combined at the end of season with the opinions of a panel of racing journalists/handicappers (35%) and votes from readers of Racing Post and The Daily Telegraph plus ITV Racing viewers (35%).
The participation of the public plays a crucial role in determining the winners of each year's Cartier Racing Awards and gives horseracing fans the chance to put forward their favourite horses in a meaningful way.
In addition to the equine awards, the Cartier/Daily Telegraph Award of Merit goes to the person or persons who, in the opinion of the special 15-strong Cartier Jury, has/have done the most for European racing and/or breeding either over their lifetime or within the past 12 months. The 10 latest recipients have been Sir Michael Stoute, Aidan O'Brien, Jack Berry, Sheikh Hamdan bin Rashid Al Maktoum, Jim Bolger, Team Frankel, Barry Hills, Richard Hannon, John Oxx and Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum.
Galileo colt Waldgeist (56) won for the third time from four starts in 2018 on July 1 when he gained the second G1 success of his career in the Grand Prix de Saint-Cloud over a mile and a half.
The Andre Fabre-trained four-year-old, owned by Gestut Ammerland & Newsells Park, enters the reckoning for both Cartier Horse Of The Year and Cartier Older Horse and has Ascot's G1 King George VI & Queen Elizabeth Stakes (Sponsored by QIPCO) at the end of July and the G1 Qatar Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe at Longchamp in October as targets.
Waldgeist now lies in third place in the Cartier Older Horse standings, behind G1 Prix Ganay and Investec Coronation Cup winner Cracksman (88), and G1 Prince of Wales's Stakes victor Poet's Word (68).
Cracksman and dual French G1 winner Laurens (88 points) continue to head the standings for Cartier Horse of the Year, ahead of Masar (68) and Poet's Word.
Godolphin's Masar, winner of the Investec Derby at Epsom Downs, has a chance to boost his prospects this weekend as he heads to Sandown Park for the G1 Coral-Eclipse over 10 furlongs.
Masar continues to lead the Cartier Three-Year-Old Colt category ahead of Saxon Warrior (56). Saxon Warrior, winner of the G1 QIPCO 2000 Guineas at Newmarket, finished third in the G1 Dubai Duty Free Irish Derby at the Curragh behind Latrobe (36), who provided Joseph O'Brien with his first Classic success as a trainer.
Laurens remains at the head of the standings for the Cartier Three-Year-Old Filly following her G1 victories in the Gurkha Coolmore Prix Saint-Alary and Prix de Diane Longines. Joint-second in this category are runaway G1 Coronation Stakes heroine Alpha Centauri and Investec Oaks winner Forever Together (both 64 points).
Galileo filly Forever Together, trained by Aidan O'Brien for a Coolmore partnership, contested the G1 Juddmonte Pretty Polly Stakes over 10 furlongs at the Curragh on July 1, when she was runner-up to the four-year-old Australian-bred filly Urban Fox (32) from William Haggas's Newmarket stables.
There are no changes to the standings in the Cartier Sprinter category, with G1 Diamond Jubilee Stakes winner Merchant Navy (48), now retired to stud, leading the way ahead of Sands Of Mali (40) and Blue Point (38).
Similarly, G1 Gold Cup winner Stradivarius (64) continues to head the standings in the Cartier Stayer division in front of Vazirabad (55) and Torcedor (20), who were second and third respectively in the Gold Cup.
Galileo colt Flag Of Honour (16), trained by Aidan O'Brien, makes his first appearance in the Cartier Stayer category following his success in the G2 Comer Group International Curragh Cup over a mile and three quarters on July 1.
About the Cartier Racing Awards
The Cartier Racing Awards were established in 1991 to reward excellence in European horseracing. There are eight equine awards, ranging from the Cartier Horse Of The Year to the Cartier Two-Year-Old Colt and Cartier Two-Year-Old Filly. In addition, the Cartier/Daily Telegraph Award of Merit goes to the person or persons who, in the opinion of the special 15-strong Cartier Jury, has/have done the most for European racing and/or breeding either over their lifetime or within the past 12 months. European horseracing's top awards are arrived at through three established strands. Points are earned by horses in Pattern races (30% of the total) and these are combined at the end of season with the opinions of a panel of racing journalists/handicappers (35%) and votes from readers of Racing Post and The Daily Telegraph plus ITV Racing viewers (35%). The 28th annual Cartier Racing Awards will be presented at a glittering ceremony before an invited audience of 300 at the Dorchester Hotel, London, England, on the evening of Tuesday, November 13.
About Cartier
Since 1847, the Maison Cartier has been synonymous with beauty, excellence, creativity and a unique savoir-faire. From its jewellery tradition, the Maison has blossomed into the inventor of an iconic and universal style while constantly pioneering new ground. Life's most powerful emotions are contained inside the red box, emblazoned with the Cartier name. The Maison's creations in jewellery, watches and precious objects become milestones in a person's life. Uninfluenced by fashion and trends, this is a timeless style and with a unique aim: for today's creations to become tomorrow's treasures. Driven by its deep-rooted passion, Cartier invites others to partake in the values that underpin its heritage and success: the quest for beauty, a duty of excellence, the freedom to be oneself, and a legacy to share.
For more information, please contact Harry Herbert, Cartier's racing consultant (01488 669166), Harriet Mathias of Cartier (020 3810 5128) or Mark Popham of Racenews (020 7704 0326)
Cartier Racing Awards – points earned in Pattern races up to & including Sunday, July 1, 2018
Cartier Horse Of The Year
Cracksman 88
Laurens 88
Masar 68
Poet's Word 68
Alpha Centauri 64
Forever Together 64
Saxon Warrior 56
Stradivarius 64
Waldgeist 56
Vazirabad 55
Benbatl 54
Thundersnow 54
Study Of Man 52
Cartier Older Horse
Cracksman 88
Poet's Word 68
Waldgeist 56
Benbatl 54
Thundersnow 54
Accidental Agent 48
Hawkbill 48
Recoletos 48
Cartier Three-Year-Old Colt
Masar 68
Saxon Warrior 56
Study Of Man 52
Without Parole 48
Sands Of Mali 40
Cartier Three-Year-Old Filly
Laurens 88
Alpha Centauri 64
Forever Together 64
Billesdon Brook 48
Teppal 32
Wild Illusion 32
Cartier Sprinter
Merchant Navy 48
Sands Of Mali 40
Blue Point 38
Eqtidaar 36
Battaash 32
Cartier Stayer
Stradivarius 64
Vazirabad 55
Torcedor 20
Flag Of Honour 16
Kew Gardens 16
Desert Skyline 10
The $1 Million Shootout is BACK!
Join us the week of July 17, 2017, for a chance to win a $1 million hole-in-one prize!
For only $1 per shot, contestants will have an unlimited number of chances to qualify each day.
Open Qualifying will take place Monday, July 17, 2017, to Friday, July 21, 2017, from 3:30 p.m. to 6:30 p.m.
Top 5 finishers each day will reach the semi-finals on Saturday, July 22, with five finalists being chosen for a chance at the $1 million prize!
Closest to the pin winner from each qualifying day will win a prize courtesy of Rolling Hills Golf Course.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
PETER CAMERON / STAFF PHOTO Vehicles came to rest in the median ditch after the driver of a black BMW X5 station wagon crossed from the southbound lanes of Interstate 81 into oncoming northbound traffic.
A Moscow man is in critical condition after his station wagon crossed to the other side of Interstate 81 at about noon Sunday and crashed into northbound traffic, state police said.
At about mile marker 183 between Scranton and Moosic, Mitchell John Sauter, 21, of Moscow, turned off the southbound lanes and crossed the drive reserved for police and emergency vehicles that connects the highways. He then drove his BMW X5 station wagon into the path of a gasoline tanker heading north, according to a state police report.
The tanker collided with the BMW, and Sauter and his vehicle crashed into the guardrail on the east side of the road before hitting a third vehicle, a Toyota Corolla station wagon.
Both station wagons sustained heavy damage and sat in the median ditch after the crash. Airbags in both vehicles had deployed, and the windshield wipers on the BMW swished back and forth.
Sauter suffered severe injuries, according to the police report. He was in critical condition at Geisinger Community Medical Center, spokeswoman Megan Sobieski said.
Daniel B. Holle, 58, and Cynthia L. Holle, 57, of Salem, Connecticut, were in the Toyota. Daniel Holle suffered minor injuries and was treated at the scene. Cynthia Holle went to Geisinger Community Medical Center with moderate injuries, but was treated and released.
The driver of the tanker was unharmed.
Investigators don't yet know why the BMW station wagon crossed the median.
Scottie Pippen shared on Twitter a family photo including him, his wife Larsa and their four kids as they vacationed at the beach. Captioned #TeamPippen Stronger than ever, this could be one way to reveal that he and his wife has indeed reconciled. Scottie has filed for divorce from Larsa four months ago and based on the photo that he shared, the two could be getting back together again.
Scottie Pippen filed for divorce in October 2016 to the shock of many of their fans and friends, says Mail Online. Their divorce followed after reports that the 51-year old basketball great has behaved aggressively towards his wife at their mansion in Fort Lauderdale in Florida. Two voice recordings of Scottie surfaced allegedly verbally abusing his wife.
Their friends are happy now that they family are together again and said that the two were always looking for common ground. Scottie and Larsa have been married for 20 years and have four kids Scottie Jr., Preston, Sophia, and Justin. Sources said that it is natural for the two to reconcile because they have been together for a long time and they have young children to focus on.
Advertisement
Larsa looked stunning in her animal print bikini, dark sunglasses, and black hat while her kids wore tropical-themed swimsuits and bathing suits, People reported. A separate photo featured Larsa posing near a pool looking as amazing as ever. The 45-year old mom of four actually hinted that she and Scottie are reconciling after she posted a photo of a stunning diamond ring on Snapchat. Larsa explained that this was her Valentine's present.
After posting Scottie Pippen's outrageously expensive gift, Larsa celebrated with Scottie and a few of their friends that evening. The couple was joined by close friends like Kourtney Kardashian, Richard Weitz and LL Cool J.
GUJRAT - A teenage girl died and three other persons sustained injuries when roof of a room in their house collapsed here in Fattupura area near Children Park on Monday.
Jawad Shoukat Ali, media coordinator of Rescue 1122 Gujrat, informed that after learning about the collapse, the rescuers rushed to the spot and carried out the rescue operation. He said that a girl identified as 17-year-old Zobia died while three others including a minor were critically injured in the incident. The injured were shifted to hospital. The injured are: Bushra, 50, wife of Muhammad Munir, Zeenat, 22, daughter of Munir and Nasir Mahmood, 45, son of Muhammad Ghafar. The police said that the roof collapsed as it was in shabby and dilapidated condition.
Sikh yatrees visit Gurdwara Sacha Sauda
SHEIKHUPURA -More than 1,000 Sikh Yatrees yesterday arrived here in Gurdwara Sacha Sauda near Farooqabad, some 16 km away from here on Monday.
The yatrees came from Nankana Sahib where they will return for completion of their religious rituals at Gurdwara Janam Asthan.
Foolproof security measures were adopted on the occasion. The visiting yatrees were accompanied by Deputy Secretary (Shrine) Imran Gondal and Deputy Secretary (General Affairs) Syed Fraz Abbas. The yatrees leader Shahzad Garvindar Paul Singh expressed his satisfaction and gratitude over the hospitality and security measures taken for the Baisakhi celebrations by the Pakistani government. "We do not consider ourselves strange in Pakistan rather we consider it our second home," he said.
After performing religious rites for about two hours, the Sikh yatrees returned to Nankana Sahib where they would celebrate Baisakhi Mela festivities and religious rituals at Gurdwara Janam Asthan.
2 sisters die in cylinder blast
SARGODHA (Online): Two girls, said to be sisters, were killed and their mother and another sister sustained critical burns in a gas cylinder explosion in their house.
The police and rescue sources informed that the incident occurred in a suburban village on Monday.The sources said that two sisters died instantly after the cylinder blast. Rescue 1122 reached the scene and shifted the injured and dead bodies to hospital. According to eyewitnesses, the explosion happened due to gas leakage.
Widow lured, raped
GUJRANWALA- A widow was allegedly raped by two accused here in a hotel while the police have registered a case against the accused.
The widow (identity withheld), resident of Sargodha told the police that Saeed, resident of Gujranwala called her to Gujranwala, pretending to marry her. When she reached Gujranwala, the accused took her to a hotel near General bus stand where he along with his companion Shahbaz raped. The Model Town Police have registered a case and started investigation.
Man hangs wife to death
SHEIKHUPURA - A man allegedly hanged his wife to death over some domestic issues in village Rokri wala in the remit of Sharqpur Police on Monday.
According to police, the accused Tawakal Ullah had quarrelled with his wife Ishrat over domestic issue. After exchanging harsh words, in a fit of rage hanged the woman to death. The Sharqpur Police have started investigation into the incident.
Doctors' strike enters 3rd day
GUJRANWALA - Patients at the DHQ hospital continued to suffer for the third consecutive day due to the doctors' strike against lawyers here on Monday.
According to hospital source, a scuffle took place between doctors and lawyers three days back at which the doctors announced strike against the incident. Doctors demanded legal action against the lawyers, saying the strike will be continued until an FIR is registered against the accused.
20 nicked in combing op
JHANG-: At least 20 suspected persons were arrested in a joint combing operation by Pak Army and police in different areas here the other day.
According to DSP City Circle Saifullah Bhatti, the operation was launched in jurisdiction of the Massan Police, Qadirpur Police, Shorkot City Police, Satellite Town Police and Mochiwala Police. During the operation, the police arrested 20 suspects and recovered 25 rifles, 23 pistols, 10 pump-action guns and thousands of cartridges from them. The police also recovered a huge quantity of narcotics from their possession.
Moreover, identity of more than 200 people was verified through biometric devices, he said, adding the police also impounded 50 motorcycles.
'We are literally bracing ourselves': D-Day for Auckland Regional Fuel Tax
SIMON MAUDE/STUFF A vote on Auckland's Regional Fuel tax will take place Thursday morning.
Aucklanders are bracing themselves for a council vote on New Zealand's first regional fuel tax.
Auckland Council will officially vote on a Regional Fuel Tax (RFT) of 11.5 per cent on Thursday morning that will expire in 10 years and apply to Auckland commuters from July 1.
If the proposal is not passed, rates on property owners would need to rise by up to 11 per cent, on top of existing rates increases, to fill the funding gap according to advice presented to councillors.
LAWRENCE SMITH/STUFF Auckland Mayor Phil Goff and Transport Minister Phil Twyford announced a $28 billion transport programme in April.
The tax will raise $1.5 billion over 10 years, allowing the council leverage to invest $2.8b into the $28b Auckland Transport Alignment Project (ATAP), the majority of which will be spent upgrading the city's rail and bus networks.
READ MORE:
* Transport and environment big winners in Auckland 10-year budget
* The Auckland fuel tax always looked doomed, just not quite this quickly
* Transport Minister says no guarantee that cost of Auckland fuel tax won't spread
* Auckland Council votes to send 11.5 cent a litre regional fuel tax for public consultation
* Councillor calls for $1b of regional fuel tax for Rodney
The council vote comes at the end of a public consultation process where 51 per cent of all submitters said they opposed the tax and 42 per cent in favour, with stark differences in opinion across suburbs.
Some 67 per cent of submitters from the Waitematā local board area made submissions in favour of an RFT but only 36 per cent of submitters from Upper Harbour did the same.
Many submitting on both sides of the argument had noted the impact the tax would have on low-income families who tended to live further out from the CBD in centres with poor public transport links.
A written resolution from Māngere-Ōtāhuhu local board noted that the majority of submitters from the area were in favour of a regional fuel tax but had also asked for better public transport subsidies.
"Most of our families live tough, and we are literally bracing ourselves for the implications of the looming regional fuel tax to hit our pockets!"
"It is important therefore that public transport is cheaper and easier to access.
"This must be a joint approach between Auckland Transport and central government."
Road Transport Forum Chief Executive Ken Shirley and the Automobile Association have both warned the impact of the regional fuel tax could spread well beyond Auckland's borders.
Fuel companies often sought to offset price increases in the competitive markets by raising prices in other regions with less competition they warned.
An internal email from BP leaked in May showed the manager of a petrol station at an Ōtaki BP station had asked for prices to be raised at other lower North Island petrol stations to compensate for large discounting in the area.
The Land Transport (Regional Fuel Tax) Amendment Bill is currently before parliament and is expected to pass its final reading in June.
It will allow any region to apply for permission to levy a regional fuel tax, but the government has said Auckland will be the only region approved to levy a regional fuel tax until the next central government election.
National Party leader Simon Bridges indicated in April that his party would repeal the Regional Fuel Tax if elected into government.
"The tax is not needed, the enforcement is complicated, and it will hit you in the back pocket," Bridges said.
- Stuff
Has any franchise surprised quite like John Wick in recent memory? What initially seemed like a straightforward action movie with a star who seemed to be on the decline became one of the greatest action movies in modern memory and one of the most satisfying sequels, to top it all off. Luckily, the movies have done well financially as well, so John Wick Chapter 3 is happening. Not much has been revealed about the movie yet, but Keanu Reeves has just provided us with a little update.
Keanu Reeves was at New York Comic Con in order to promote his upcoming movie Replicas. However, he did take some time to talk about other projects that are in the works. One such project is John Wick 3, which was recently given a May 17, 2019, release date. While answering a fan question, Keanu Reeves revealed that, in something of a flipped script from the first two movies, his famed assassin John Wick is going to be in trouble in John Wick: Chapter 3. Here's what he had to say about it.
"John Wick. John Wick's in trouble! So we've been working on it and I think we have some good ideas. Yeah, some really good ideas. But John's in trouble. Hopefully we can start shooting that next year. Chad and I thought it was hard to make a second one. And now we're like...a third one?!"
Anyone who watched John Wick: Chapter 2 shouldn't find the idea of John being in trouble in John Wick 3 to be much of a surprise, given how the John Wick sequel ended. But it could be something interesting to play with. Even though John Wick has had to overcome a lot in the first two movies, he's generally been on top of things and, even in the worst case scenario, he found a way to get the job done. However, the idea of him actually being in trouble and not ahead of the curve in the third movie could provide us with something a little different.
Keanu Reeves also mentions that he's working with director Chad Stahelski, who helmed the second movie and co-directed the first movie with David Leitch. Lionsgate has yet to confirm whether or not Stahelski will return to direct John Wick: Chapter 3, but it seems like a safe bet that he will. This is going to be the conclusion to Wick's story, so it would be nice to see the man who helped make this franchise what it is across the finish line.
Whatever the story may be, Lionsgate has a lot of confidence in John Wick 3, as they've given it a premium summer 2019 release date. If they can pull it off, this could wind up being one of the better trilogies we've seen in the modern era. If you want to see more from Keanu Reeves from New York Comic Con, you can head on over to IGN.
The Santee Cooper Board of Directors named a new interim president and CEO as well as a new COO Friday.
The Board named James Brogdon Jr. interim president and CEO and Marc Tye COO.
Brogdon, also a former South Carolina Circuit Court Judge, joined Santee Cooper in 2005 and led the utility's successful resolution of the Santee River flooding litigation.
"Jim is uniquely qualified to lead Santee Cooper during the coming months while our Board conducts a comprehensive search for a permanent president and CEO," Leighton Lord, chairman of the Santee Cooper Board said. "He understands the important role Santee Cooper plays as a public power utility serving South Carolina and our primary duties to provide low-cost, reliable electricity and water, provide excellent customer service and promote economic development."
Tye joined Santee Cooper in 1984 and had served as the executive vice president of competitive markets and generation before being named COO.
“Marc's breadth of experience across our core operating areas will help ensure Santee Cooper's competitiveness and flexibility going forward,” Lord said.
Copyright 2017 WCSC. All rights reserved.
NEW YORK (NEWS10) – AOL announced that it is shutting down AOL Instant Messenger after 20 years.
AIM will be discontinued on December 15, 2017. After this date, you will no longer be able to access or sign in to AIM services on any platform.
“AIM tapped into new digital technologies and ignited a cultural shift, but the way in which we communicate with each other has profoundly changed. As a result we've made the decision that we will be discontinuing AIM,” AOL said in a press release.
Learn what happens with your data once AIM shuts down.
AIM was released in 1997.
This story was originally published by Nexstar contributing station WTEN.
6 0
Two University of Exeter graduates have visited Nigeria to make a film promoting conservation of elephants and their forest habitat.
Chris Guggiari-Peel and Jono Gilbert, who set up Farsight Conservation to raise awareness of conservation issues, produced the film for Paignton Zoo.
The film was created to encourage better conservation by educating people both in Nigeria and around the world.
Paignton Zoo is part of a long-running conservation project in the Omo Forest Reserve in south-west Nigeria, where an estimated 20-40 forest elephants live.
“Local people recognise the importance of protecting the elephants, but the threat to these animals comes from destruction of their habitat,” said Chris, 25, who lives in Exeter and works as a project researcher for the university.
“There are controls on logging in the area, but logging happens there on a large scale so its effects are still very damaging.
“There are also illegal farmers encroaching into the forest to produce palm oil and cocoa.”
Jono, 25, from Caterham in Surrey, said: “The situation out there was quite a shock.
“This is the last stronghold of this population of elephants and you think it will be some kind of pristine wilderness, but parts of it are very close to logging camps.”
The pair had hoped to see the elephants during their trip, but they were unsuccessful.
“We spent four days hiding in bushes, hoping to film them,” Chris said.
“One day we spent four hours waiting then went away for an hour and, when we came back, our guide showed us fresh elephant footprints right next to where we had been hiding.
“We would have been the first people to film this group of elephants in person, but we had to settle for footage from motion-activated camera traps.”
During the trip in February, Chris and Jono found themselves in some worrying situations – including getting lost in the forest in sweltering heat for eight hours, and a lucky escape when a man tried to puncture their car tyres by throwing a log spiked with nails under the wheels.
Paignton Zoo and its umbrella charity, the Whitley Wildlife Conservation Trust, have supported conservation education in the Omo Forest Reserve since 1993, with help from the Nigerian Conservation Foundation.
Education officers work within local primary schools, and will use Chris and Jono's film as part of their efforts to raise awareness of environmental issues.
Phil Knowling, spokesperson for Paignton Zoo and the Whitley Wildlife Conservation Trust, said: “This film is beautifully shot and evocative.
“It gives an invaluable insight into the region, the forces that threaten it and the people on the ground working to prevent environmental disaster.”
To find out more about Farsight Conservation of see the film, follow them on Twitter or visit www.farsightconservation.co.uk
(from a press release)
Share this: Email
Print
Like this: Like Loading...
Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are striking a different note with the music for their upcoming wedding, mixing gospel with choral works as the soundtrack for what they pledge will be a joyful occasion.
Kensington Palace said Tuesday that Harry and his American fiancee “have taken a great deal of interest and care” in selecting the wedding music. The palace says there will be performances by the St George's Chapel choir and Karen Gibson and The Kingdom Choir, a gospel group from southeast England.
The performers include 19-year-old cellist Sheku Kanneh-Mason, who says he was “bowled over” when Markle called to ask him to play during the ceremony.
The couple has revealed details of their May 19 upcoming wedding over several weeks, with more to come.
Related Video 2:15 Prince Harry and Meghan's wedding could be an ‘all-nighter'
TORONTO -- The Maple Leafs' first home playoff game of their much-hyped second century belonged to the kids.
And now, so does the lead in their series against the Washington Capitals. Led by their boy band, which in turn was inspired by energizing physical shifts right before two key goals, the Leafs came back from down two to tie and eventually win 4-3, taking a 2-1 series edge before almost 20,000 fans at the Air Canada Centre.
They killed off a two-minute 5-on-3 and put Alex Ovechkin and the Presidents' Trophy winners behind the 8-ball in a series that Capscoach Barry Trotz called all-out “David vs. Goliath”.
In their first series since 1951 to open with three overtimes — anyone heard of Bill Barilko? — the winner came from veteran Tyler Bozak on the power-play at 1:37. Standing in the slot, he redirected Nazem Kadri's feed from the left boards past Caps goalie Braden Holtby. Lars Eller was in the box, the second penalty drawn by rookie Zach Hyman, one of seven freshmen in the lineup Monday and three to get their first series point.
“It's been crazy for them, but this is where you want to be,” said Leo Komarov of the rookies. “They'll get a lot of experience from (these overtime games) and it's cool for everyone.
“I'm surprised how much energy they have (the Leafs are headed towards the 90-game mark). It has been a whole season where you come into the locker room with a smile because you have those guys. Their jokes maybe aren't the best, but it's nice to be around them.”
Five Leafs have scored their first playoff goal so far in this series with Auston Matthews and William Nylander connecting on Monday.
Leafs goalie Frederik Andersen, after the first two Washington shots found their way in, stood tall on the two-man-short penalty-kill and stretched his right pad to deny Evgeny Kuznetsov, just before Nylander's last-minute tying goal in the second period.
“You win games like this, not only tight games, but games where you come back with poise,” Andersen said. “It's just good to be comfortable in these situations. It's high-pressure, but we've been able to handle it. We had a nice power play to start this overtime and we want to go in with the attitude to get it done, even though the power-play hadn't been running well (it was about to go 0-for-3 when Bozak scored).”
“We knew we had fresh ice and the power play and there's not much more you can ask for at the start of a period,” said Bozak. “We're confident in here, so we've just got to stick to it. There's a lot of hockey left and they're a great team, so we've got to be ready (Wednesday for Game 4).”
There was little to get excited about early when the Caps scored twice before the game was five minutes old.
During 4-on-4 play, Nate Schmidt jumped into the rush to set up Nicklas Backstrom with the defensive pairing of Jake Gardiner and the returning Nikita Zaitsev looking flat- footed.
Then came an opening for Ovechkin to step into his second goal of the series, a full bore drive with no one picking him up.
The Leafs, meawhile, could not bury some fortunate bounces in Washington's zone and were starting to fire away in desperation. But a take-charge shift by Kadri and Komarov changed the tone of the game, a healthy run by Kadri at Brooks Orpik.
“There was steam coming out of my ears at that point,” Kadri said of the growing intensity.
Komarov decided he'd had enough of KHL buddy Ovechkin throwing his weight around, giving him a jolt and a few whacks for good measure. The next line over the boards was Matthews, Nylander and Hyman, all without a point through about nine periods when OT was factored in. Matthews jumped into the slot where he knocked in his own rebound.
After Kuznetsov made it 3-1, Kadri banked in a shot off Orpik and Hyman bulldozed two Caps behind the net to clear for Nylander, who buried his own rebound.
“Once you get into the playoffs, the seeding doesn't really matter,” Matthews said. “It's who wants it more.”
'THERE'S A LOT OF CRAP GOING ON'
Leo Komarov gave a world-weary smile when asked how much he's enjoying knocking helmets against Alex Ovechkin every second night.
“Not at all,” said the Leafs winger, who bumped with his KHL buddy in the course of eight combined hits for the pair in Game 3.
At one point, he was sitting on top of the perennial all-star Ovechkin and getting a warning from the officials.
“I don't know, there's a lot of crap going on out there,” Komarov said. “I don't know if I want to talk about it, it seems like every shift is a battle. So you just have to be ready. It's a new day tomorrow.”
Ovechkin, whose team will now face further scrutiny about its string of playoff failures, did not hide after the 4-3 overtime loss.
“It's on us, we play the game, we're out there and we have to do better,” the Washington captain said. “If we get the lead, we have to manage the puck and manage the game and be more simple out there.”
The hits as the series has gone on have raised the temperature on both benches.
“We started pretty slow today, but finished strong,” Komarov said. “It's hockey, you get excited. You can't play dirty, but when you have a good hit, it's fun. They do the same thing.”
Caps coach Barry Trotz can see where the series has turned so far.
“We had some looks tonight, but they're capitalizing on their moments and we're not. It doesn't mean it can't happen next game.”
A federal jury awarded $3.5 million on Friday to the parents of a mentally ill man who was fatally shot by a Los Angeles police officer while at Harbor-UCLA Medical Center, according to the family's attorney.
Ruben Herrera, 26, had been taken to the emergency room in December 2015 by officers after they used a Taser and a carotid restraint — where pressure is applied to the sides of the neck — on him, authorities said at the time.
They had encountered Herrera that morning after responding to a report of a man throwing bottles at an apartment complex in the Harbor Gateway neighborhood.
After Herrera was treated at the hospital, he attacked the officers and reached for their guns, authorities said. Officer Alejandro Downey then shot Herrera, who died at the scene.
The lawsuit filed by Graciela Herrera and Ruben Ordaz, however, said their son posed no threat and that the officers used excessive force when they first responded to the incident.
It also said that officers were told upon arrival that Ruben Herrera had been diagnosed with bipolar disorder.
Dale Galipo, the parents' attorney, said there that were no fingerprints to establish Herrera had touched the officers' holsters, belts or guns, and that a medical examiner testified that the exit wound of the bullet showed Herrera was shot in the back while on the floor.
Galipo said the jury deliberated for two hours before unanimously deciding on the damages for wrongful death.
The deputy city attorneys handling the case could not be reached for comment.
CAPTION The Las Vegas gunman researched outdoor performance areas in other large cities in recent months. Harvey Weinstein will take a leave of absence from his film studio after reports of sexual harassment.Gov. Jerry Brown signed a landmark bill declaring California a "sanctuary state." USC announced Thursday that the head of its medical school was out. Credits: Getty / KTLA The Las Vegas gunman researched outdoor performance areas in other large cities in recent months. Harvey Weinstein will take a leave of absence from his film studio after reports of sexual harassment.Gov. Jerry Brown signed a landmark bill declaring California a "sanctuary state." USC announced Thursday that the head of its medical school was out. Credits: Getty / KTLA CAPTION The Las Vegas gunman researched outdoor performance areas in other large cities in recent months. Harvey Weinstein will take a leave of absence from his film studio after reports of sexual harassment.Gov. Jerry Brown signed a landmark bill declaring California a "sanctuary state." USC announced Thursday that the head of its medical school was out. Credits: Getty / KTLA The Las Vegas gunman researched outdoor performance areas in other large cities in recent months. Harvey Weinstein will take a leave of absence from his film studio after reports of sexual harassment.Gov. Jerry Brown signed a landmark bill declaring California a "sanctuary state." USC announced Thursday that the head of its medical school was out. Credits: Getty / KTLA CAPTION The girlfriend of the gunman who killed 58 people in Las Vegas has broken her silence. Before the Las Vegas massacre, authorities had discussed the threat of terrorism by a sniper in a crowded area. The L.A. City Council voted in February to decriminalize sidewalk vending. Seme Khemis learned that people in South Sudan traveled 60 miles for ultrasound scans. Credits: Getty / Sara Hylton / KTLA The girlfriend of the gunman who killed 58 people in Las Vegas has broken her silence. Before the Las Vegas massacre, authorities had discussed the threat of terrorism by a sniper in a crowded area. The L.A. City Council voted in February to decriminalize sidewalk vending. Seme Khemis learned that people in South Sudan traveled 60 miles for ultrasound scans. Credits: Getty / Sara Hylton / KTLA CAPTION Body camera footage from the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department taken during the shooting on Oct. 1. Body camera footage from the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department taken during the shooting on Oct. 1. CAPTION The gunman who attacked the Las Vegas music festival had cameras set up outside his room. Trump visited Puerto Rico on Tuesday, after Hurricane Maria swept through the island two weeks ago. Three billion Yahoo accounts were affected by a massive data breach — three times as many as initially reported. The Nobel Prize in Chemistry was awarded to three researchers for their work on electron microscopy. Credits: EPA, Getty, Hillary Guzik, KTLA, Sarya Stukes The gunman who attacked the Las Vegas music festival had cameras set up outside his room. Trump visited Puerto Rico on Tuesday, after Hurricane Maria swept through the island two weeks ago. Three billion Yahoo accounts were affected by a massive data breach — three times as many as initially reported. The Nobel Prize in Chemistry was awarded to three researchers for their work on electron microscopy. Credits: EPA, Getty, Hillary Guzik, KTLA, Sarya Stukes CAPTION At least 50 are dead and 200 injured after a shooting on the Las Vegas strip. Heartbreakers frontman Tom Petty died Monday at 66. Portraits are emerging of those killed in Las Vegas. L.A. decriminalized sidewalk vending to protect immigrants from deportation. Credits: Getty / KTLA At least 50 are dead and 200 injured after a shooting on the Las Vegas strip. Heartbreakers frontman Tom Petty died Monday at 66. Portraits are emerging of those killed in Las Vegas. L.A. decriminalized sidewalk vending to protect immigrants from deportation. Credits: Getty / KTLA
corina.knoll@latimes.com
Twitter: @corinaknoll
Times staff writers Kate Mather and Doug Smith contributed to this report.
The trio fell into a pool at the provincial park Tuesday afternoon
Squamish RMCP say they have found the bodies of three hikers who fell into a pool in Shannon Falls Provincial Park Tuesday afternoon.
“We're changing the operation into a recovery mission,” said Cpl. Sascha Banks.
“We have located the area that they're in and we're just trying to find a safe way to get them out.”
Search crews had been searching through the night for the trio of hikers. Police say they were swimming with a group of friends at the top of Squamish Falls when the slipped and fell into a pool 30 metres below.
Banks said that police are not releasing the names of the hikers because they haven't been able to contact their next-of-kin.
“When that time comes, that will be a decision for the B.C. Coroners Service,” Banks said.
The area remains closed to the public.
Related: Wrong turn leaves B.C. man stranded in provincial park for almost two days
Related: Teen hiker dies near Bunzten Lake in Coquitlam
The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
In a little less than a year, Matt Rosendale went from candidate to the GOP hopeful in the Nov. 6 race against Montana Democratic incumbent Sen. Jon Tester.
On Thursday, President Donald Trump will speak at a rally in Great Falls to boost Rosendale and Rep. Greg Gianforte, a Republican incumbent seeking re-election.
Rosendale, 57, is a state auditor and a former majority leader in the Montana state Senate. He moved to Montana in 2002 from Maryland, where he worked in real estate, real estate development and land management.
In his campaign profile in the Great Falls Tribune, Rosendale said he wanted to fight excessive spending in Washington and help Trump "restore greatness to our country.”
His critics have labeled him as an East Coast developer funded by special interests who would be bad for public lands, veterans and health care. They've also called him “Maryland Matt.”
Matt Rosendale addresses supporters in Helena, after winning the Republican nomination for the U.S. Senate on June 5.
Thom Bridge, AP
Rosendale, who won the Republican U.S. Senate primary on June 5, has listed supporters as Sens. Rand Paul of Kentucky, Ted Cruz of Texas and Mike Lee of Utah and President Donald Trump's National Security Adviser John Bolton.
Rosendale's donors spent more than $3 million to support his primary campaign. Outside groups already have spent more than $5 million total on the GOP primary and on attack ads against Tester, putting the race on track to be one of the most expensive in Montana history, the Associated Press reported.
Like his Democratic opponent Tester, Rosendale sports a "buzz" haircut. He has dubbed the Senate race "The Battle of the Flat-Tops."
Trump won Montana by 20 points in 2016. His son, Donald Trump Jr., has come to the state several times to campaign for Republican candidates.
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
No one was injured when a small plane made an emergency landing at the Guilford Fairgrounds on Monday afternoon.
A plane made an emergency landing at the Guilford Fairgrounds on Monday afternoon.
The plane was described as a Murphy Renegade experimental aircraft, which means someone built the plane themselves, the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) said.
There were no injuries, according to police.
The plane made the emergency landing at approximately 4 p.m. at the fairgrounds in Guilford located on Lovers Lane. The plane departed from Tweed-New Haven, the FAA said.
The pilot was identified as Roderick Bradley, his wife Pat told NBC Connecticut.
She said Bradley had a long career as a commercial pilot and built the aircraft himself.
In 2004, Bradley's same plane was involved in a crash in Stow, Massachusetts, according to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) website. Two people had no injuries in that crash.
The plane took down some power lines by the fairgrounds, according to Eversource. Crews were on the scene trying to restore power to more than a dozen customers.
FAA said they will investigate.
Netflix is supposed to be different. It could prove it by renewing “One Day at a Time.”
Ever since Netflix began airing original series, it's positioned itself a rule-breaker that didn't have to pay attention to TV's old and outmoded traditions. It commissions shows that other networks are wary of. It's made eye-popping deals with notable talent. It has secret algorithms that influence which shows get long lives and which don't. It's a disruptor all right, for good and for ill.
On paper, “One Day at a Time” represents one of Netflix's riskier gambits. An earnest multi-cam family sitcom, in this day and age? Wouldn't critics be primed to be wary of it? Would the public, grown used to the kinds of edgy half-hours all over TV, speed right past this kind of retro program on their way to devour installments of “Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt”?
Things didn't turn out that way, which is one of the most welcome TV developments of the past few years. When a concept is executed at such a superlative level, thanks to the efforts of the cast and showrunners Gloria Calderon Kellett and Mike Royce, all doubts fade away. The first season of “One Day at a Time” appeared on my end-of-year Best TV list, and its most recent season finale left me in a puddle of well-earned tears.
Related Petition Calls on Matt Smith to Donate Part of His Salary From 'The Crown' to Time's Up Netflix Worst Offender in Showing Smoking in TV Shows, Watchdog Group Says
It's one of TV's best shows, without question, and most of my peers appear to agree. In a world in which critics and TV reporters barely have time to keep up with the flood of new shows, many TV writers took time out of their busy schedules to write about “One Day at a Time's” return — and those same writers would no doubt set the internet aflame if Netflix kicked it to the curb.
“One Day at a Time” also pops up a lot on my social-media feeds, and I realize that that kind of data is anecdotal, but after 20 years of monitoring this kind of thing, you get a feel for which shows have real, excited followings and which don't. “ODaaT” is in the former camp; its fans — and I count myself in that group — love it with a very clear and palpable passion, and have been shouting that from the rooftops (well, Twitter) for months.
Those reasons alone should make renewing the show a slam-dunk. But I have more.
Even if it wasn't one of the service's more popular comedies, and even if the media wasn't in love with it, Netflix should still renew the show, because it is a feather in the company's cap. It provides proof that Netflix is committed to quality shows that not only inspire passionate fans, but do real good in the world. It's a show about a Cuban-American family that addresses issues of LGBT acceptance, PTSD, financial insecurity and mental illness with grace and insight, and it still manages to be really, really funny. That's one hell of an achievement, one that Netflix should be celebrating with a renewal. It shouldn't be making fans sweat the program's very survival, a spectacle that, at this point, is starting to look unseemly.
It's also worth noting that “One Day at a Time” is good to have around given some of the inclusion issues Netflix (like television in general) continues to grapple with. It's been celebrated for having shows like “Luke Cage,” “Queer Eye” and “Orange Is the New Black,” but the company still has far to go in certain arenas. The Netflix board appears to be all-white, and, according to USA Today, “African-Americans only make up 4% of staff and leadership; Latinos comprise 6% of staff and 5% of leaders” at the company.
According to a recent Los Angeles Times story on female directors, only 14% of Netflix's directors are female. That's actually down a couple of points from the 2014-2015 season, according to numbers obtained by Variety for a 2015 story. And yet recently, CEO Reed Hastings said the company wasn't interested in pursuing “inclusion riders.” If actors and creators insist on them in their contracts, the riders would help create more inclusive crews and casts. Hastings said the company would rather address these matters “creatively.” He later clarified his comments via Twitter: “What I was attempting to say is that we'll continue to work [with] creators on diversity and inclusion. This is one of our core values [and] it's about more than a piece of paper. We seek more inclusion thru hiring [and] finding new voices in front & behind the camera.”
Admirable sentiments, but so far Netflix's efforts have not produced the results of, say, the Fox networks, where 29% of directors are women, or Amazon, where a third of directors are women, according to the L.A. Times.
“One Day at a Time” has a sterling track record on this front. As Calderon Kellett pointed out, all of its directors were white women, women of color or men of color, its writing staff is half women and 20% LGBT, and the show's “guest cast was 61% female & 50% POC & disabled.”
In addition to being warm, witty and hilarious, “One Day at a Time” gives pride of place to Latinx women — the emotional spine of the show is composed of the relationships among the joyful and proud Lydia (Rita Moreno), the fierce, kind and occasionally overwhelmed Penelope (Justina Machado), and many key storylines have involved Penelope's queer daughter, the forthright and nerdy Elena (Isabella Gomez). All three women are stellar in these roles.
The prominence of these characters stands in stark contrast to the rest of television, where, according to the annual Boxed In study from the Center for the Study of Women in Television and Film, in the 2015-2016 season, Latinx women only got 5% of all speaking roles.
As the National Hispanic Media Coalition pointed out in a recent open letter to Netflix urging it to renew “One Day at a Time,” “Hispanics and Latinos make up 17.8% of the nation's total population and are the second-largest racial or ethnic group behind white Americans, but are grossly under-represented in television and film… It is high time that Latinos are represented equitably and positively throughout the television industry. While writers, directors, and producers like Kellett and Royce are doing their part to tip the scales, we need Netflix's continued support of shows that Hispanic and Latino communities embrace.”
One bright spot that Netflix can regard with pride: According to the advocacy group LGBT Fans Deserve Better, it had more queer women on its shows than any other network. In wrapping up its coverage of how TV treated queer women in 2017, the LGBT site Autostraddle pointed out that Netflix had a whopping 43 queer women across all its shows. And new programs like “Everything Sucks!” represent an ongoing commitment to continue supplying solid storylines about gay women to an audience that is frequently subjected to tragic tropes and stereotypes — when it's not being ignored or underserved.
Netflix may or may not respond to the many pleas from critics, TV obsessives, queer viewers and Latinx advocacy groups to keep this gem of a show going. But if it chooses not to renew “One Day at a Time,” there will be a vociferous outcry from all of those parties, and it should ready itself for that pained, disbelieving response. If “ODaaT” is canceled, we will have watched a show do everything right and still die.
That the way TV used to work. Wasn't Netflix going to change that?
RATING: **** out of 4
Directors: Anthony Russo, Joe Russo
Cast: Robert Downey Jr., Chris Evans, Josh Brolin, Chris Pratt, Chris Hemsworth, Chadwick Boseman, Tom Holland, Scarlett Johansson, Mark Ruffalo, Zoe Saldana, Elizabeth Olsen, Pom Klementieff, Paul Bettany, Dave Bautista, Don Cheadle, Tom Hiddleston, Gwyneth Paltrow, Benicio del Toro, Anthony Mackie, Benedict Wong, Sebastian Stan, Karen Gillan, Vin Diesel, Bradley Cooper, Idris Elba, Peter Dinklage
Screenplay: Christopher Markus, Stephen McFeely
Running time: 160 minutes
Imagine being on a roller-coaster for two-and-a-half hours that pauses for only the briefest of moments for you to gasp for air. Now you have a pretty good idea of what Avengers: Infinity War is like.
The Marvel Cinematic Universe's newest entry is its biggest, most ambitious piece of storytelling in the studio's 10 years of existence and the minute you exit the theatre, you'll be lining up at the box office to buy another ticket.
It's that good.
Assembling heroes that have appeared in its film's over the last decade — including Iron Man (Robert Downey Jr.), Captain America (Chris Evans), Thor (Chris Hemsworth), Black Widow (Scarlett Johansson), Hulk (Mark Ruffalo), Doctor Strange (Benedict Cumberbatch), Spider-Man (Tom Holland), Scarlet Witch (Elizabeth Olsen), Vision (Paul Bettany), the Guardians of the Galaxy, Anthony Mackie (Falcon), Don Cheadle (War Machine) and more — Infinity War is the ultimate payoff after a 18-film slate (that doesn't officially wrap until after Ant-Man and The Wasp, Captain Marvel and next year's untitled Avengers 4).
Taking place several years after the events of 2016's Captain America: Civil War, Earth's mightiest heroes are fractured. But with the fearsome Thanos (Josh Brolin) on the hunt for six Infinity Stones, that's about to change. Thanos is a cosmic tyrant that has been teased in the MCU almost since its inception, with his search for the Infinity Gems — the Space Stone, the Mind Stone, the Reality Stone, the Power Stone and the Soul Stone — touching Thor (2011), Captain America: The First Avenger (2011), The Avengers (2012), Thor: The Dark World (2013), Guardians of the Galaxy (2014), Avengers: Age of Ultron (2015), Civil War (2016), Doctor Strange (2016) and Thor: Ragnarok (2017).
Finding all the glowing MacGuffins will, in Thanos' warped mind, bring balance to the universe by allowing him to wipe out half of all living things — and that includes your friendly neighbourhood superheroes.
When we first meet him, Thanos has caught up with an Asgardian refugee vessel that was led by Thor, his brother Loki (Tom Hiddleston) and Heimdall (Idris Elba) after Ragnarok. From there, the Mad Titan sets his sights on Earth to snatch the Time Stone that hangs around Doctor Strange's neck and the Mind Stone that sits smack dab in the middle of Vision's forehead.
In those opening moments, we get a taste of what's to come with Thanos' mercilessness on full display. Online chatter has debated which characters will bite the dust, but Avengers 4 will really determine the heroes who are going to stay dead and buried. That's all we're going to say about that.
A lot has been made — by directors Joe and Anthony Russo, screenwriters Christopher Markus and Stephen McFeely and the cast — about the need to see Infinity War spoiler-free. And, for once, that's not Hollywood hyperbole.
For fans of Marvel and comic book movies, there's a thrill in seeing Silver Age Superheroes interacting together for the first time since the MCU's inception.
The playful banter Iron Man and Spider-Man established in last year's Homecoming is back, with their quips being met by Doctor Strange's wisecracks (there's a fun nod to Alien that people of a certain vintage will get a kick out of). The quirky Guardians of the Galaxy, led by Peter Quill/Star-Lord (Chris Pratt) humming the Spinners' The Rubberband Man, meet Thor and hilarity ensues (Quill is told he's “one sandwich away from being fat” in comparison to the Norse God). Meanwhile, the romantic itch between Scarlet Witch and Vision finally gets scratched. Bruce Banner spends most of the movie trying to get his Hulk on. And for fans of Black Panther — the MCU's biggest box office triumph yet — we get to revisit Wakanda just three months after being dazzled by Ryan Coogler's superhero epic, with Captain America and Black Widow in tow. These pairings are a treat, and audiences are going to thrill at the onscreen chemistry.
Having shown a knack for both close-quarter fights and large-scale action on Captain America: The Winter Soldier and Civil War, the Russo brothers mount one thunderous action scene after another with very little downtime (it's like a never-ending roller-coaster, remember?).
And with more than two dozen heroes vying for minutes, there's a lot of story still to stuff in the film's two-and-a-half hours. Especially considering Markus and McFeely give Thanos' maniacal motivations and his alien goons known as the Black Order ample screen time. We learn the backstory of what makes the Mad Titan tick.
There will be some pairings that fans are likely hoping they'd see that they won't. And some of your favourite heroes might not get the cameo you were hoping for (I'm looking at you Ant-Man fanatics).
Also, filmgoers not steeped in the Marvel lore at least a little bit will be lost. Infinity War is the sum of the 18 films that have preceded it, and unlike Black Panther — which I think was easy to access by non comic-book aficionados — you really need to be familiar with past plots. If you're not, take the weekend and brush up on some of the films. It will make for a richer viewing experience.
If there's one quibble with Infinity War, it's that when it ends — and trust me, this is the best ending to a Marvel movie so far in the MCU — you're hanging in mid-air. Some might feel that it's half a movie. But I think of it as more of an emotional gut punch. One that fans will be raving about in theatre lobbies when it's over as they rush to buy another ticket and count down to the real denouement – a year from now.
Twitter: @markhdaniell
MDaniell@postmedia.com
Wise-cracking, lecherous homicide detective Lieutenant Al Wheeler investigates the disappearances of pretty ‘dames,' a complex hit-and-run case, and murders at a science fiction convention in three entertaining entries in the phenomenally successful Carter Brown mystery series.
Written in the 1950s and long since out-of-print, No Harp for My Angel, Booty for a Babe, and Eve, It's Extortion are a trio of swift-paced, tongue-in-cheek stories by the incredibly prolific Alan Geoffrey Yates, writing under the house name Carter Brown.
Yates, primarily a writer of pulp fiction, used many pseudonyms in his long career and contributed almost all of the 300 Carter Brown books.
Born and raised in London, he emigrated to Australia in his mid-twenties, signed a thirty-year publishing deal that required him to produce two novelettes and one full-length novel a month, and rapidly became Australia's biggest literary export.
Remarkably, he managed, for the most part, to fulfil the demanding publishing contract and, from 1954 to 1984, produced 215 novels and around 75 novella-length stories. The books, which have been translated into fourteen languages and published in 23 countries, have sold in the region of eighty million copies.
In No Harp For My Angel, the first tale in this newly published collection, Lieutenant Wheeler's vacation to Ocean Beach, Florida, turns sour when he upsets big-shot gangster Johnny Lynch, a casino owner with mafia connections.
Beaten up and arrested for theft, drunk driving and criminal damage, Wheeler is strong-armed by the Florida police department into playing the role of ‘a big-noise racketeer' from Chicago in order to help them with their investigation into Lynch and his possible connection with four missing women.
Employing unorthodox methods and using his considerable charm with the ladies, the quick-thinking, hard-punching Wheeler battles a psycho gangster, a gorilla-like henchman and a devious red-headed beauty as he unravels Lynch's imaginative, lucrative side operation.
An investigation into the murder of a professor shot in the heart with a steel dart while giving a lecture at a science fiction convention in California is the focus of Booty for a Babe, the rather wacky second story.
Wheeler, who has a torrid time weeding through the 80 suspects, some of whom offer time-travel theories and tales of extra-terrestrials, time-warps and planetoids, begins hallucinating about creatures with ‘heads like squashed oranges,' fifteen arms, tendrils, and three eyes on eight-foot long stalks as he tries to get to the bottom of the strange killing.
Lies, deception, and false accusations follow him around, and when a further corpse turns up, it takes all of Wheeler's guile and cunning to unravel the mystery and expose the culprit.
In the final story, Eve, It's Extortion, Wheeler suspects foul play when a widow lands a large life insurance pay-out after her lousy husband is killed in a hit-and-run crash.
His inquiries, which lead him to shady debt collection agents, turn problematic when further deaths occur and he gets a little too intimate with a murder suspect. Soon, the unorthodox cop is striving not to become a humiliated ex-cop.
The playful humour, fast-paced action and lean, uncomplicated plots help make these Carter Brown mysteries quick, pleasurable reads. These three in particular highlight Yates' ability to add a fresh spin to a familiar story and inject a heavy dose of fun into American ‘gangster' fiction.
(Stark House Press, paperback, £14)
Three months after the ECOWAS Court delivered judgement directing the federal government to pay N88billion compensation to victims of the Nigerian Civil War in three geo-political zones, the plaintiffs are yet to receive the money.
About 1,178 war victims were supposed to have been paid a total of N88billion within 45 days of the ruling, counting from Monday, October 30, 2017.
LEADERSHIP Sunday reports that the federal government had, on Monday, October 30, 2017, agreed to remove unexploded military ordnance in the 10 affected states, such as landmines, locally fabricated weapons and a stockpile of bombs finds in about 1, 317 locations in the three zones within 60 days as well as reconstruct damaged public buildings.
The affected states are the five states in the South East zone – Imo, Anambra, Abia, Ebonyi, and Enugu; Akwa Ibom, Rivers, Delta, and Cross River from the South South, and Benue from North Central.
According to the judgement, the sum of N50 billion out of the N88 billion would be for the payment of compensation to victims while the remaining N38 billion is for the purpose of destroying landmines and reconstruction of affected public buildings destroyed during the 1967-1970 civil war.
The agreement was part of the resolution reached by the federal government and other parties following a suit filed on behalf of the victims at the ECOWAS Community Court, which gave its judgement in Abuja.
LEADERSHIP Sunday gathered exclusively that the federal government was to, as part of the agreement, rebuild mines-affected facilities, including providing alternative classrooms in communities where schools were used as storage rooms for mines.
Investigations further revealed that before the matter was brought to court, the government, through the Ministry of Defence, had commissioned a landmine clearing firm to pick up the leftover military ordnance, but work was halted midway as a result of the large number of abandoned unexploded bombs discovered and the initial refusal of the government to review the contract.
The suit filed by 20 plaintiffs, led by Vincent Agu on behalf of other victims and their communities, was marked ECW/CCJ/APP/06/2012.
The six respondents to the suit, who agreed to the consent judgement, included the Federal Republic of Nigeria and the two companies contracted by the federal government in 2009 to de-mine the affected areas – RSB Holdings Nigeria Ltd and Deminers Concept Nigeria Ltd.
Parties to the suit also agreed that the terms of settlement shall operate as “full and final settlement of all claims” arising from the suit marked: ECW/CCJ/APP/06/2012 and two other suits filed on the same issue.
The other suits covered by the agreement are ECW/CCJ/APP/10/2014 (Dr. Sam Emeka Ukaegbu & 7 others v. President, FRN & 6 others) and ECW/CCJ/APP/11/2014 (Placid Ihekwoaba & 19 others v. President, FRN & 6 others).
The schedule to the judgement disclosed that the plaintiffs would be the beneficiaries of the N50 billion compensation while the two companies engaged for the destruction of the landmines would be the beneficiaries of the N38 billion.
Speaking on the implication of not clearing affected areas, a bomb expert, Mr. Juwe Owoeye, described landmines as “the perfect soldier because they can lie hidden in the ground or vegetation for years even after a conflict has ended, out of sight, until a victim triggers one and it explodes.”
He noted that landmines are usually laid in strategic areas in order to protect military positions, important infrastructure, or to deny access to enemy forces and sometimes to terrorise civilian populations.
Owoeye said that, unfortunately, anti-personnel and anti-vehicle mines cannot distinguish between military and non-military targets, meaning that innocent civilians and regular vehicles, such as cars and trucks, can indiscriminately become victims of these explosives.
“Landmines do not just have an impact on people's lives and limbs; the fear of their presence also prevents people from using potentially productive agricultural land and from rebuilding important infrastructure,” he said.
“The fear of landmines can also block access to vital resources when they are laid on paths, such as water or firewood, or block vehicle access on roads, preventing services from reaching communities and the access of those communities to vital economic markets.”
As part of the terms of agreement, the federal government had promised to effect the payment through Chukwukadibia & Co and Deminers Concept Nigeria Ltd.
A source who pleaded anonymity told LEADERSHIP Sunday that all the parties to this suit had classified 685 as survivors, 493 of them victims of landmines and other dangerous military ordnance, including locally fabricated weapons; hence they are entitled to compensation, including their families and communities.
A source at the ECOWAS court registry who pleaded for anonymity stated that the regional organisation was going to enforce judgement on the federal government.
He said:”Normally, when such judgement is passed upon a stakeholder, we usually wait for the time given to elapse. Like in the case here, the 45 days have passed and the court added another 45 days, totalling 90 days; that also elapsed on January 31, 2018.”
“We have waited, increased the dateline but since the federal government has failed to respond, on February 1, 2018, we will serve them (FG) with the enforcement procedure. The fact is that the ECOWAS court is fed up with passing judgements that stakeholders usually ignore. So, in this case, we will enforce judgement.”
Meanwhile, when asked if the over 1,300 bombs in his possession have been destroyed, the contractor, a bomb expert and professor of Humanitarian Management, Prof. Bala Yakubu, who spoke to LEADERSHIP Sunday from a hospital in London, said: “Those bomb are still in our stockpile and they are getting me disturbed.”
According to him, though the federal government posted seven soldiers to the stockpile centre to reinforce security, the continuous keeping of over 1,300 bombs was harmful.
He said, “I don't know why government should be careless about this issue that is covered in the judgement. I have been crying that they pay up so that we commence immediate destruction of these dangerous bombs and if government is not interested in paying for the clearance, they should tell us so that we get out of the place for them.”
The bomb expert disclosed that he had destroyed 17,683 bombs and 685 landmines abandoned during the civil war.
“My concern is to save people's lives. Any premature explosion in that stockpile would be deadly because both the soldiers guarding there, my staff and the entire street will not come out alive. This disaster can be avoided.
“I'm not even looking at the angle of those already injured; I'm bothered about those who might be injured again. My message is that aside the unrecovered ones in the bushes, innocent victims could be saved,” he said.
Prof. Yakubu lamented that he had been accused of diverting the project fund.
“I wrote officially to Chief Femi Falana and copied the Attorney General to complain about the bombs and the allegations from victims and survivors; insinuations are that I do not want to provide their rehabilitation programme which government paid me to do. This is serious embarrassment to Deminers and RSB.”
On his part, the chairman, Implementation Committee of the judgement, Prince Charles Onuha, explained that it was a consent judgement and the federal government through its lawyer, Chief Femi Falana (SAN), opted for an out-of-court settlement with the lawyers of the victims.
Dr Onuha acknowledged that the amount prescribed was in two forms – N38bn for the clearance of the remaining bombs in the South East, of which some section of the fund had already been obtained, while N50bn is for compensation to victims.
“Unfortunately, 90 days after, the federal government has been foot dragging in releasing the money contrary to the ECOWAS judgement,” he said.
The chairman added that he expects ECOWAS court to pass the government of Nigeria an execution order.
“If this is done, the federal government must within a space of days, in line with ECOWAS procedure and principles, comply.
Onuha urged President Muhammadu Buhari to respect the international court judgement and stressed the need for quick response in order to relieve the sufferings of the victims.
Meanwhile, the federal government has not given reasons why it has not paid the N88 billion compensation money to civil war victims despite the international court ruling.
When contacted, Chief Femi Falana (SAN), federal government's counsel and arrowhead for the implementation of the consent judgement, declined to speak on the matter.
Also, the desk officer at the Ministry of Justice, Mrs Nebo, also refused to make comments.
WEST SENECA, N.Y. (WIVB)- It was a heartfelt reunion at the Erie County SPCA Monday afternoon.
Generally timid and afraid around people, lab-mix Jed immediately recognized Mercedes Castillo.
Sporting his spiffy bow tie, he even dressed up for the occasion; Castillo adopted Jed, making him the first adoption out of the SPCA's new West Seneca location.
The pair met when Castillo was serving time at the Erie County Correctional Facility in Alden.
“The last time I saw him was when I left, the 11th,” the 19-year-old told News 4.
While behind bars, Castillo qualified for the ‘Pups at the Pen' program, sponsored by the Erie County SPCA and the Erie County Sheriff's Office.
MORE | Inside Pups at the Pen Program
The program pairs female inmates with dogs who need a little extra care before they're ready to be adopted.
Jed was rescued from a shelter in Arkansas. He had a hard time socializing, and wasn't ready for another shelter environment.
“This was a way for him to get this 24-7 attention,” said Barbara Frazier, the Behavior and Training Supervisor at the Erie County SPCA.
Instantly, meek little Jed found a friend in Mercedes. She said the two clicked right away
“He was the first one to open up to me and we were just off the bat in-sync,” she said.
Mercedes helped Jed learn to trust; the puppy is still shy around strangers. She also potty trained him, walked him, and fed him everyday.
In return, Jed helped give Mercedes purpose behind bars.
Monday afternoon, Mercedes started her life on the outside with her four-legged friend, who now has a forever home.
Many of us were very ready for 2017 to come around and hit the reset button, in hopes we can have a less tragic year in terms of loss than 2016. It was a bad year for losing beloved people, but when Carrie Fisher passed away last week it seemed like one of the hardest to take was saved for last. Now her Star Wars co-star Mark Hamill has penned a touching tribute to her, detailing some of their early adventures working on Star Wars with one another.
The actor who was responsible for bringing Luke Skywalker to life wrote the column for The Hollywood Reporter and really opened up about his friendship with Carrie Fisher. Most of the column focused on the early days of working on Star Wars: A New Hope and Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back and how their friendship blossomed via their experience making those movies together. Here is one of the anecdotes he shared in the column.
"I remember we were out on tour right before the movie opened. By the time we got to Chicago, there was a crowd at the airport. I said, 'Hey look, you guys, there must be somebody famous on the plane.' I was looking around to see who it might be. And then in the crowd I saw a kid dressed in a Han Solo vest. Then I saw girl dressed like Princess Leia. I said, "Oh my God, look, Carrie, there's somebody dressed just like you. She's got the buns on her head!""
Fox famously had very little faith in the original Star Wars prior to its release in 1977. That being the case, none of the actors had any reason to believe that fans would be dressing up like Princess Leia all over the world. Given that they were both part of the crazy pop culture phenomenon that was and is Star Wars, they were two people who were uniquely positioned to comfort one another as friends throughout their lives. In the column, Mark Hamill reveals that his favorite pastime was making Carrie Fisher laugh.
"She was so committed to joy and fun and embracing life. She had an Auntie Mame quality to her. I would do crazy things to amuse her on the set. Making her laugh was always a badge of honor. I remember during Empire we were split up storywise; it was a difficult film to shot and there was a lot of tension on the set. I was off in the swampland with the puppets and robots, but at least Carrie and Harrison got to work with human beings. Once at lunchtime she said, "You should try on my jumpsuit." I said, "The one-piece white jumpsuit? You're what, 5'2"? I'll never get in!" She said, "Just try." I put on that Princess Leia zipper jumpsuit and it was so tight I looked like a Vegas lounge singer. If that wasn't ridiculous enough, she had me put on one of those bald cap masks with the Bozo hair and glasses and nose and then she walked me around the back lot."
Carrie Fisher had been out promoting her latest book when she suffered her heart attack on a flight from London to Los Angeles last week. The heart attack reportedly occurred about 15-minutes before the flight was scheduled to land and she was rushed to a hospital for treatment. Her mother Debbie Reynolds, who tragically passed away the day after Carrie Fisher did, reported a couple of days after the heart attack that her daughter was in stable condition, which gave hope that she would be able to pull through. Sadly, she passed, and since then, many of her co-stars and fans have been paying tribute to her. But this is a much more lengthy and in-depth tribute from Mark Hamill. He wasn't shy about being honest in the piece, saying that their relationship went from one end of the spectrum to the other.
"I'm grateful that we stayed friends and got to have this second act with the new movies. I think it was reassuring to her that I was there, the same person, that she could trust me, as critical as we could sometimes be with each other. We ran the gamut over the years, where we were in love with each other, where we hated each other's guts. "I'm not speaking to you, you're such a judgmental, royal brat!" We went through it all. It's like we were a family."
Star Wars fans will be able to take some consolation in the fact that Carrie Fisher did finish shooting her scenes for Star Wars: Episode VIII before her untimely passing. So, we will get to see General Organa on screen one last time and hopefully, we will get to see her reunite with her movie brother Luke Skywalker. You can read the full column from Mark Hamill over at THR.
FILE - In this April 10, 2018, file photo, Democratic candidate for the Arizona 8th Congressional District special election, Dr. Hiral Tipirneni, left, talks with a supporter at a local restaurant in Sun City, Ariz. Tipirneni is running against former Arizona Republican state Sen. Debbie Lesko in a special election, Tuesday, April 24, to fill the seat vacated by Republican Rep. Trent Franks. Ross D. Franklin, File AP Photo
Bill Belichick may come to wish he didn't develop Jimmy Garopplo's late-game abilities to the degree that he did.
Garoppolo's wins are impacting the status of New England Patriots' recently-acquired second round draft pick, which came in the trade for Garoppolo. As Garoppolo's wins pile up, the Patriots' second round pick, formerly owned by the 49ers, slips down the draft board.
Garoppolo has now helped the San Francisco 49ers win in both of his first two starts with the team. In Week 13, he pulled off a last-second win by setting up a field goal. In Week 14, he helped the 49ers pull ahead late in the third quarter, and then the young quarterback protected the lead.
As noted by WEEI.com, that win puts the 49ers at 3-10 with three games left in the season. They're tied with the Colts as the third worst team in the NFL. But with four teams at 4-9, the Patriots' second round pick is in danger of falling out of the top five picks of the second round.
The only consolation New England can take is that the 49ers enter a tough final stretch with the Tennessee Titans, Jacksonville Jaguars and Los Angeles Rams. The Titans and Jaguars are entrenched in a divisional battle, and will be desperate for wins. The Rams are jockeying for a place atop the NFC playoff race.
It's reasonable to think Garoppolo's 49ers may not win another game this season, and that the Patriots could secure a top pick in the second round.
By Jason Arndt
Staff Writer
What started as an evening of fun at the Great Lakes Dragaway took a tragic turn Sunday when a gunman shot and killed three people at point-blank range, Kenosha County Sheriff David Beth said.
According to preliminary reports, the shooting in the Town of Paris happened at around 7 p.m when the three victims were at a food concession stand, and without provocation, a gunmen came up behind them and shot all three.
Beth said the three victims, two of whom died at the scene, were black men from Aurora, Ill. The shooting may have been gang-related.
The third victim died en route to an area hospital, Beth said.
Preliminary reports said the suspected gang-related activity involved members from Milwaukee and Chicago.
The suspect, according to witnesses, is identified as a black man in his 20s wearing a hooded sweatshirt with the sides of his head shaved.
Meanwhile, as investigators continue to comb the scene for evidence, Beth said the suspect is not in custody, but does not believe the matter presents an imminent danger to the community.
The shooting closed Highway KR between Highway 45 and Interstate 94 for at least three hours as investigators cleared the scene.
Hundreds of people at the drag strip were evacuated immediately following the shooting.
According to race competitor Brian Mitchell, the people were at the drag strip to enjoy Larry's Fun Fest, an annual event which draws families with children for a night of camping and racing.
Mitchell, an annual competitor of the event, said there was armed security at the dragaway when the shooting happened.
The shooting necessitated mutual aid, which involved the Racine County Sheriff's Office, multiple fire departments, including agencies from Twin Lakes, Bristol, Somers, Paris.
Wisconsin State Patrol aided authorities in traffic control in both Racine and Kenosha counties.
Beth said it is still an active investigation.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
Tumblr
LinkedIn
comments
Fast Club Marine Pittwater to Southport Yacht Race start
Pittwater to Southport YR start Firefly & Reverie - 2017 Club Marine Pittwater to Southport Yacht Race © Bob Fowler Pittwater to Southport YR start Firefly & Reverie - 2017 Club Marine Pittwater to Southport Yacht Race © Bob Fowler
by Lisa Ratcliff today at 6:11 amDoug Coulter's Rogers 46 Shakti won the clean start and led the fleet into choppy seas at a blistering pace in what is shaping up to be a fast dash north, riding on the back of a southerly front that swept through Sydney this morning.Three and a half hours later the Lake Macquarie entry was off Newcastle and had already covered 40 nautical miles, giving them an average speed of 11.4 knots. Closest to the front-runner was Phil Arnall's Corby 43 Anger Management from Newcastle and the largest in the field, David Suttie's Peklejus, a Radford 50 sailing for the organising club.
Based on current speed Shakti is capable of setting a course time of just 30 hours for the Royal Prince Alfred Yacht Club's traditional New Year ocean race that will finish off Southport's Main Beach.
Immediately after the final race and weather briefing at RPAYC on the start morning, Arnall said they were anticipating a 370 nautical mile downhill race ahead of 20-25 knot southerlies, then a sou'easter for the final leg to Coolangatta. “I don't want to make excuses early but we like a little bit of upwind. We are all looking forward to a good downwind tussle with Shakti though, we are very good rivals with the Lake Macquarie boat,” Arnall said.
The Bureau of Meteorology's race forecast is holding firm from two days ago, southerly winds turning sou'east for the first 48hrs, peaking at 25 knots, and heavy showers on the NSW Far North Coast while further south should experience a gradual ease in wind strength on Wednesday and Thursday.
Six RPAYC Youth Development sailors are on the Beneteau First 44.7 Le Billet owned by the two Marks – Mark Tinworth and Mark Waterhouse.
Le Billet's tactician Steve McConaghy said this morning, “It's not the quickest boat off the breeze but it'll be comfortable and there's a great bunch of people on board, including the six youth sailors. Downwind Hobart, downwind Southport…what have I done to deserve this?” McConaghy posted this morning.
The Yacht Tracker is up and running showing position (line and handicap), speed, bearing plus other information for each boat on a continual basis – click here.
If you want to link to this article then please use this URL: www.sail-world.com/150847
GRAND HAVEN, Mich. (WOOD) — Charges have been issued against the man accused of causing a crash near Holland that killed a grandmother and injured a child.
Cameron Burrows faces charges of felony reckless driving causing death, felony reckless driving causing serious impairment and being a fourth-offense habitual offender, according to court records.
He's accused of causing the Jan. 3 crash on Business Loop I-196 at 104th Avenue in Holland Township that killed 65-year-old Sandra DeBoer of Zeeland and injured her 10-year-old grandson, Gavin DeBoer. Burrows, 41, was also hurt.
The Ottawa County Sheriff's Office says Burrows had drugs in his system at the time of the crash.
Burrows has an extensive history of driving offenses, state records show, and has had his driver's license suspended nine time since 2000.
He was booked into the Ottawa County Jail on Tuesday, the same day the charges were filed with the court. He could be in court for formal arraignment as early as Wednesday.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Conventional wisdom says spring is the best time of year to buy a house - but history suggests that you might be better off during the summer.
A Mirror investigation has analysed 10 years worth of house buying data from the Office for National Statistics to work out when you should be looking to buy property across the country.
And while estate agents will tell you that spring is the most popular time of year to sell houses, offering buyers more choice, the data
shows that this usually isn't the case.
In fact, summer has seen more houses bought and sold in England and Wales than spring for eight of the past 10 years - and the most out of any season for six of those.
In comparison, spring has only seen the most sales throughout the year on two occasions - although last year was one of those.
In 2016, 238,211 residential properties were sold in England and Wales between March and May, compared to 237,382 houses in June to August.
However, this was a rarity. Much more common was the situation that unfolded in 2015, when there were 20,1654 homes sold in spring - much fewer than the 257,515 sales seen over summer.
The same is true across most parts of the country, although in some cases autumn beat summer to come out on top more often.
So, wherever you want to move to, if you're looking to find the perfect home you won't necessarily see the widest variety of properties on offer in March, April and May.
However, if price is more important to you, you're probably better off looking during off-peak times of year anyway, such as in the winter.
While there'll be less to choose from, there will also be less competition.
The best times to buy a house - by city
Liverpool
(Image: Getty Images)
In 2016, 1,540 residential properties were sold in Liverpool between March and May, compared to 1,493 houses in June to August.
However, this was a rarity. Much more common was the situation that unfolded in 2014, when there were 1,182 homes sold in spring - much fewer than the 1,523 sales seen over summer.
Birmingham
In 2016, 3,543 residential properties were sold in Birmingham between March and May, compared to 3,177 houses in September to November.
Much more common was the situation that unfolded in 2015, when there were 2,723 homes sold in spring - much fewer than the 3,624 sales seen over autumn.
The situation is slightly different nationally compared to Birmingham - although spring is still not the best time of year to buy.
Newcastle
(Image: Getty)
In 2016, 966 residential properties were sold in Newcastle between March and May, compared to houses in June to August.
However, this was a rarity. Much more common was the situation that unfolded in 2014, when there were 786 homes sold in spring - much fewer than the 1,052 sales seen over summer.
Hull
(Image: Getty)
In 2016, 889 residential properties were sold in Hull between March and May, compared to 815 houses in June to August.
Much more common was the situation that unfolded in 2014, when there were 747 homes sold in spring - much fewer than the 905 sales seen over summer.
Nottingham
(Image: Getty)
In 2016, 1,072 residential properties were sold in Nottingham between March and May, compared to 942 houses in September to November.
Much more common was the situation that unfolded in 2015, when there were 806 homes sold in spring - much fewer than the 1,153 sales seen over autumn.
Bristol
(Image: Getty)
In 2016, 1,738 residential properties were sold in Bristol between March and May, compared to 1,468 houses in June to August.
Much more common was the situation that unfolded in 2015, when there were 1,729 homes sold in spring - much fewer than the 2,232 sales seen over summer.
Stoke
(Image: Getty Images)
In 2016, 979 residential properties were sold in Stoke between March and May, compared to 896 houses in September to November.
Much more common was the situation that unfolded in 2015, when there were 770 homes sold in spring - much fewer than the 952 sales seen over autumn.
Derby
(Image: EyeEm)
In 2016, 918 residential properties were sold in Derby between March and May, compared to 752 houses in June to August.
However, this was a rarity. Much more common was the situation that unfolded in 2015, when there were 818 homes sold in spring - much fewer than the 1,017 sales seen over summer.
Coventry
(Image: Getty)
In 2016, 1,046 residential properties were sold in Coventry between March and May, compared to 905 houses in June to August.
However, this was a rarity. Much more common was the situation that unfolded in 2013, when there were 807 homes sold in spring - much fewer than the 1,112 sales seen over summer.
Bath
(Image: Moment RM)
In 2016, 828 residential properties were sold in Bath and North East Somerset between March and May, compared to 820 houses in June to August.
Much more common was the situation that unfolded in 2014, when there were 745 homes sold in spring - much fewer than the 965 sales seen over summer.
Gloucestershire
(Image: Robert Harding World Imagery)
In 2016, 491 residential properties were sold in Gloucester between March and May, compared to 374 houses in June to August.
Much more common was the situation that unfolded in 2015, when there were 492 homes sold in spring - much fewer than the 681 sales seen over summer. The same is true nationally as well as in Gloucester.
Leicester
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
In 2016, 981 residential properties were sold in Leicester between March and May, compared to 860 houses in June to August.
Much more common was the situation that unfolded in 2014, when there were 793 homes sold in spring - much fewer than the 958 sales seen over summer. The same is true nationally as well as in Leicester.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A 16-year-old girl who stabbed a school support worker at Winterton Academy last September has been sentenced to 12 years detention.
Elisha Burkill was sentenced at Hull Crown Court today (February 2) after pleading guilty to section 18 wounding with intent and possession of a bladed article.
It comes after an incident at Winterton Community Academy on Monday, September 25, when Burkill stabbed support worker Joy Simon, 61.
As part of today's sentencing hearing , Judge Jeremy Richardson QC agreed to allow the defendant's name to be made public.
Sentencing, Judge Richardson QC said: “It must be made clear that this court in common with all courts regards the crime of taking a prohibited knife into school as a serious offence.
(Image: Richard Addison)
He added: “Anyone who takes a prohibited knife into school and then makes use of it to attack a member of staff must expect and receive a severe sentence.”
After the prosecution set out its evidence last week, today's hearing began with defence barrister Diana Ellis QC putting forward mitigation on behalf of Burkill.
Miss Ellis said it was a sad and complex case.
She added that Mrs Simon's injuries were both physical and psychological and have had a profound effect on her and many who know her.
And she said Burkill has accepted full responsibility for her actions and expressed remorse.
Miss Ellis said Burkill was suffering from a serious depressive illness and had hidden her deteriorating mental state from her parents.
Miss Ellis said the teenager attacked because of the tensions within her that she could not deal with.
She said this can be treated.
She added the attack on Mrs Simon happened when the teenager had not had any form of counselling, medication or professional intervention.
Even in her darkest period, the teenager was able to acknowledge to herself that she needed help and wanted help, Miss Ellis said.
Finishing her mitigation, Miss Ellis described the attack as the "ultimate call to attention of her conditions for which she is now happily receiving treatment and will continue to do so".
The prosecution set out its evidence by reading to the court last week a victim impact statement from Mrs Simon.
In the statement, Mrs Simon spoke about the ways her life has changed since the attack, including the injuries she sustained.
She said: "I am Joy Simon.
"On Monday, September 25, I was attacked in my office and suffered stab wounds from a knife. My life has changed since I was attacked and I fear my life won't be the same again.
"I would like the court to be aware of how my life has changed.
(Image: Sarah Washbourn)
"After the attack, I went to Hull Royal Infirmary, then to Castle Hill. I remained there for six days.
"I was in considerable pain and discomfort."
Opening the case, prosecutor Richard Wright QC said the victim, Joy Simon, described Burkill as "flying into her office at about 8.45am without knocking and throwing herself at her as she sat at her desk".
Mr Wright said Mrs Simon "at first thought she was going to hug her but then felt a thud to her chest and realised that she had been injured or possibly stabbed".
The prosecutor said as Mrs Simon "stood to her feet in an effort to defend herself", the girl used the knife to stab her in the face and "then tried to rain further blows down upon her with the knife".
Mr Wright said the victim had the "presence of mind" to grab the teenager's wrist and "try and stop her from stabbing her again".
The court heard Mrs Simon "began screaming for help" and "tried to make her way to the door to seek help, whilst at the same time continuing to defend herself from the attack that was continuing unabated".
Mr Wright said as the victim "made efforts to attempt to open the door to summon help", the defendant was trying to shut the door and prevent her from escaping the room.
Burkill will serve seven years of her sentence in custody and five years on licence.
She was described as looking upset as she was led away from the courtroom.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump's reelection campaign released its first television advertisement on Sunday, a 30-second spot that attacks Democrats and touts the accomplishments of his first seven months in office.
The ad's release comes amid intense criticism of Trump's response to the events in Charlottesville, Virginia, where a planned rally by white supremacists led to violence that killed a counter-protester.
Speaking on Saturday from his golf resort in Bedminster, New Jersey, Trump stopped short of calling the demonstrators "white supremacists" and instead criticized groups on "many sides." Even members of his own party said he had failed to adequately condemn those behind the violence.
The new advertisement uses the same video clips, still images and font as one released earlier this year by America First Policies, a political group that is able to secretly raise and spend unlimited sums of money. Trump's campaign and America First Policies are prohibited by law from coordinating with each other.
Trump filed for reelection the day he took office, an unusual move that has allowed him to begin campaigning long before the November 2020 election. Historically, incumbent presidents have waited two years, until after the midterm elections, to file formally.
Trump's campaign did not respond to a request for comment about how much money it was spending on the ad, where it was running or why it decided to release it this weekend.
The ad says Trump has created jobs and helped the stock market since taking office.
"The president's enemies don't want him to succeed, but Americans are saying, 'Let President Trump do his job,'" the advertisement states.
Trump continues to struggle with low approval numbers, and the television ad could be an attempt to bolster his support. His campaign has raised more than $12 million since the beginning of the year.
"This new campaign ad speaks directly to the American people and sets the record straight, reminding them that President Donald Trump will not stop fighting for them and will not allow anyone to stand in his way to deliver success for them,” campaign manager Michael Glassner said in a statement announcing the ad.
(Photo: Instagram)
The US star left nothing to the imagination in the seriously NSFW snap
Amber Rose shocked her followers on Friday night with a full frontal semi-nude snap as she promoted her annual ‘SlutWalk'.
Breaking Instagram's strict guidelines on nudity, the former stripper uploaded a snap showing her full lady garden as she posed seductively on a staircase.
Despite flashing most of her modesty, she did decide to cover up her ample cleavage in a black string bikini top.
“SlutWalk,” she captioned it referring to the protest which calls for an end to rape culture, including victim blaming and slut-shaming of sexual assault victims, and will take place for the third time this October.
(Photo: Instagram) (Photo: amberrose/Instagram)
(Photo: Rex Features)
Stunned fans flooded the snap with comments, with one simply asking: “Girl, what are you doing?????!!!?!?!?!”
Another said she should never have posted it, writing: “It's beautiful and natural. But shouldn't have posted on social media but hey I won't hate on her hustle.”
“She has a lot of confidence to post this…something most of y'all lack,” wrote a third.
While a fourth shared “please tell me this isn't real”.
(Photo: FameFlynet.uk.com)
(Photo: amberrose/Instagram)
And: “I'm all for the SlutWalk n sh** but this is going too be far like girl this ain't porn hub.. why do I see ur bush on INSTAGRAM (sic).”
And other fans questioned if it had been photoshopped as the tattoo below her naval is missing as is her right upper thigh tattoo of paw prints.
Free Price Quote From a Local Dealer Free Price Quote From a View Special Offers
No Obligation, Fast & Simple Free New Car Quote Change Car Select Make Acura Alfa Romeo Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ferrari FIAT Ford Genesis GMC Honda Hyundai Infiniti Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Mazda McLaren Mercedes-Benz MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Porsche Ram Rolls-Royce Scion smart Subaru Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo Select Model CT 200h ES300h ES350 GS GS 200t GS F GS350 GS450h GX460 IS IS200t IS300 IS350 LC 500 LS LS460 LS600h LX570 NX200t NX300h RC RC 200t RC 300 RC 350 RC F RX RX350 RX450h GO 1. Vehicle Option Trim Exterior Color No Preference Black Blue Brown Gold Green Orange Red Silver White Yellow Interior Color No Preference Beige Black Blue Gray Green Other Red White Buying Time Frame Within 48 hours Within a week Within two weeks Within a month More than a month Payment Method Undecided Loan Lease Cash Trade In? Yes No 3. Dealer Selection Receive your free dealer pricing information by completing your contact information!
The latest episode of Ignition is live now on Motor Trend OnDemand, and it features Lexus' hot new coupe, the LC 500. Is the new model closer to the last SC luxury cruiser or a spiritual successor to the mighty Toyota Supra? Find out in this episode.
Senior features editor and host Jason Cammisa gets to test the flagship luxury sport coupe in the mountains near Palm Springs, Calif. There, he has plenty of room to experience the 471 hp and 398 lb-ft of torque from the LC's naturally aspirated 5.0-liter V-8. In addition to the V-8-powered LC 500, the LC 500h hybrid also makes an appearance. With its 3.5-liter V-6 and dual electric motors, that more eco-friendly variant makes 354 hp combined.
Is the Lexus LC 500 a bona fide Japanese supercar or a cushy, hot-looking $92,975 luxury two-door? Head over to Motor Trend OnDemand to find out. Don't have a subscription yet? Sign up for a free 30-day trial now to see all the premium automotive content you're missing out on.
Rapper Meek Mill walked out of prison Tuesday after Pennsylvania's highest court ordered him freed while he appeals decade-old gun and drug convictions.
Following a five-month campaign by his supporters to get him out, the state Supreme Court directed a Philadelphia judge who had jailed him to immediately issue an order releasing him on unsecured bail.
READ MORE: Companies hungry for millennials tap feud between Drake and Meek Mill
Mill was sentenced in November to 2 to 4 years in prison for probation violations.
He was taken from the prison by helicopter to Philadelphia, where he rang the ceremonial bell at the start of the Philadelphia 76ers-Miami Heat playoff series.
“Welcome home Meek Mill,” said the game announcer to the rapper, who was sitting courtside next to actor Kevin Hart and Sixers co-owner Michael Rubin.
Before the game, Mill visited privately with the Sixers in their locker room.
A team of lawyers and public relations consultants had waged an all-out battle to get him freed, levelling fierce criticism at the judge as a stream of high-powered figures and celebrities visited him in jail outside Philadelphia just hours before the Supreme Court ruling.
Mill issued a statement saying the past months had been “a nightmare,” and thanked his many supporters and visitors, who included Rubin, New England Patriots owner Robert Kraft, and Philadelphia Mayor Jim Kenney.
“Although I'm blessed to have the resources to fight this unjust situation, I understand that many people of colour across the country don't have that luxury and I plan to use my platform to shine a light on those issues,” Mill said.
He said he would now focus his attention on getting his convictions overturned, and that he looks forward to resuming his music career.
Earlier this month, in a major victory for Mill, prosecutors said they agreed with his lawyers that he should get a new trial because of questions raised about the arresting officer. The now-retired officer was among a list of police officers the prosecutor's office has sought to keep off the witness stand in cases across the city because of credibility questions.
A spokesman for District Attorney Larry Krasner said late Tuesday that the Supreme Court's decision on Meek Mill's release was consistent with the position taken by their office.
Mill's attorney, Joe Tacopina, thanked the high court.
“Meek was unjustly convicted and should not have spent a single day in jail,” Tacopina said.
In an opinion earlier this month, Judge Genece Brinkley, who sent Mill to prison for the probation violations, strongly defended herself against accusations by the defence she was waging a vendetta against the rapper. She said the court “has impartially and without prejudice presided over numerous proceedings in this matter since 2008.”
The Supreme Court denied a defence request to move the case to another judge, but said the presiding judge could opt to remove herself.
click to enlarge Photo by Serena Maria Daniels
The interior at the new Ima eatery in Corktown.
2016 was pretty rotten by most accounts, but it was a big year for the ever-growing Detroit restaurant scene, with dozens of new eateries popping up all over the metro area.Are we reaching a restaurant industry bubble? Maybe not quite, but the momentum stayed strong throughout the year. December was no exception. We were introduced to a mix of high-end spots like Bad Luck Bar in Capitol Park and chef Matt Baldridge's The Conserva in Ferndale. We saw the reimagining of old-school joints like Red Corridor in the former Casey's Pub in Corktown. And we welcomed a new "meal in a bowl" noodle and rice spot, Ima, also in Corktown.What we didn't see were any closures, or at least none that we are aware of (if you have any tips on that end, do please let us know).See also: Introducing the $80 cocktail at the upcoming Bad Luck bar in Capitol Park See also: Casey's Pub drama has settled, reopens as Red Corridor OpeningsRed Corridor, 1830 Michigan Ave.Ima, 2015 Michigan Ave.Fresh Market, 10200 Joseph CampauHamtramckMEX, Great Lakes CrossingAuburn HillsBad Luck Bar, 1218 GriswoldAvalon Bakery, DTW/McNamara Terminal; 129 E. LibertyAnn ArborOtus Supply,345 E. Nine MileFerndaleThe Conserva, 201 E. Nine MileFerndaleOloman Café, 10215 Joseph CampauHamtramckMiss Kim, 415 N 5th AveAnn Arbor
Watermill Theatre
Head of Wardrobe
This is a full-time position with overall responsibility for the execution of costumes and accessories for all Watermill productions and for the management of wardrobe facilities and equipment.
Each year we produce 6 main house productions, 2 youth theatre main house productions, Outreach, main house and schools touring, a Christmas show and lots more!
Salary according to experience
Start date: flexible but a.s.a.p.
For job description please send CV and accompanying letter/e mail to
Lawrence Doyle, Production Manager, Watermill Theatre Bagnor Newbury Berkshire RG20 8AE.
admin@watermill.org.uk
closing date for applications Friday 20th July
Watermill Theatre is an Equal Opportunities Employer
Reg Charity 261430
Continuing his imperious form, Yuki Bhambri crushed Argentina's Renzo Olivo in straight sets to move into the final round of the ATP Miami Open qualifiers but Ramkumar Ramanathan was ousted from the high-profile tournament.
Yuki, who qualified for the Indian Wells Masters and went on to scalp World No 12 Lucas Puille, dispatched Olivo 6-4 6-1 in the opening round of the $7,972,535 hard court event.
Yuki next faces Sweden's Elias Ymer, ranked 133 and coached by Robin Soderling, the two-time French Open finalist.
However, Ramkumar fell in the first round, losing 6-7(4) 4-6 to American Michael Mmoh.
US President Donald Trump is planning to abandon the Iran nuclear deal shortly, according to US media reports.
If he fails to certify the accord, Congress will decide whether to re-impose economic sanctions on Iran. Mr Trump has until 15 October to decide.
Opposition to the deal was a major part of his campaign last year.
Posing for photographers with military leaders on Thursday, he said this was “the calm before the storm” but refused to give further details.
There was speculation his comments might refer to heightened tensions with North Korea, but the New York Times says “people who have been briefed on the matter” believe he means Iran.
Mr Trump was seen at the White House with his wife Melania, as well as military leaders, after Thursday's meetings but before dinner together. Gesturing at the people around him, he asked the waiting press if they knew “what this represents”.
“Maybe it's the calm before the storm,” he said.
When reporters pressed him on what storm he was referring to, he would only say: “You'll find out.”
He had earlier told his top defence officials he expected them to provide “a broad range of military options… at a much faster pace” in future.
What happens next?
US media say the president will announce next Thursday that he will not be certifying the deal on the grounds it does not serve US security interests.
But some of his top advisers, such as Defence Secretary James Mattis, appear to back the deal.
The presidency must certify the deal every 90 days; Mr Trump has already done so twice.
If he rejected it this time, Congress would have 60 days to decide whether to re-impose sanctions on Iran. US media reports suggest they are likely to leave the deal in place.
Speaking in the White House's Cabinet Room, President Trump said: “The Iranian regime supports terrorism and exports violence and chaos across the Middle East.”
“That is why we must put an end to Iran's continued aggression and nuclear ambitions. You will be hearing about Iran very shortly.”
What is the Iran nuclear deal?
The 2015 accord was designed to prevent Iran developing a nuclear weapon, with the president's administration having to certify to Congress that Iran is upholding its part of the deal every 90 days.
France, Germany, China, Russia and the UK are also partners in the deal.
It lifted some sanctions that stopped Iran from trading on international markets and selling oil.
The lifting of sanctions is dependent on Iran restricting its nuclear programme. It must restrict its uranium stockpile, build no more heavy-water reactors for 15 years, and allow inspectors in to the country.
Mr Trump has repeatedly said Iran has broken the “spirit” of the deal.
In a speech to the UN General Assembly, Mr Trump called the deal, which was brokered while his predecessor Barack Obama was in power, “an embarrassment to the United State”.
[BBC]
Comments
comments
When Handmaid's Tale actress Yvonne Strahovski announced her first pregnancy in early May, fans could easily pick up on her excitement. From Strahovski's gushing message relaying the news to her first bump pic, it's more than obvious that she can't wait to become a mom. As thrilled as Strahovski is, however, she's not afraid to get real about some pitfalls of pregnancy. And on Wednesday, Yvonne Strahovski dished on a "really gross" pregnancy symptom called ptyalism. If you're not familiar with this medical term, it's a condition where you produce excess saliva. How pleasant, right?
About a month after the premiere of Handmaid's Tale season two, Strahovski took to Instagram to reveal that she's expecting her first child. "I am very excited to finally be able to share my special news - I'm going to be a Mama," according to Instagram. "So very exciting to watch & feel this little Peanut growing every day!" Aww. Talk about a sweet announcement.
Now that fans are in the loop about Strahovski's pregnancy, she can freely talk about her pregnancy in interviews. Considering Strahovski kept her pregnancy on the DL for months, one can imagine she's happy about the new development. Although some celebrities don't like to talk about their pregnancies (nothing wrong with this, btw), it seems like Strahovski's down to discuss her pregnancy in detail.
As for what Strahovski opened up about recently, she got candid on Wednesday about the most "gross" pregnancy symptom she has experienced so far. "This is really gross..I had excessive saliva, so I had to carry around a little Spittoon around with me at all times, which is just horrendous," Strahovski revealed during an episode of Australian talk show The Project, according to Us Weekly.
Woof. You know it's bad when you have to carry around a spittoon — a receptacle for spitting into — 24/7. I can't even begin to imagine how frustrating that must have been for Strahovski — especially since she was filming the Handmaid's Tale during this time.
Although the image of a glamorous actress putzing around with a spittoon bucket is a unique one, her condition isn't. Many people experience increased saliva production in the first trimester of pregnancy, according to the U.S. National Library of Medicine National Institutes of Health. As for why this condition occurs, experts believe its related to excess nausea. The more nausea a person experiences, the less often they're likely to swallow. And if you have a condition like hyperemesis gravidarum, there's a good chance you'll also struggle with ptyalism.
Case in point: Strahovski struggled with nausea in the first trimester. "I was very nauseous...there are a lot of pregnancy symptoms that nobody tells you about," she explained, according to the Daily Mail. "Thankfully I have not vomited but the nausea is very real."
Another possibility centers around fluctuating hormones because "estrogen plays a role in the formation of saliva," according to Menopause Health Matters. Considering pregnant people experience a lot of changing hormones, it's no shock that many people deal with ptyalism while pregnant.
The good news is there are ways to combat ptyalism. Experts recommend people who suffer from ptyalism brush their teeth regularly, drink a lot of water, chew gum, and eat healthy meals, according to Oral-B. And if all else fails, you can buy yourself a handy dandy spittoon to deal with the excess spit. Pregnancy sure is glamorous, ain't it?
Luckily for Strahovski, her spittoon days are done. Strahovski is now enjoying the more fun symptoms of pregnancy, like food cravings. "When your pregnancy cravings get the better of you," Strahovski captioned a recent shot of herself enjoying a big slice of watermelon, according to Instagram.
Isn't it nice to see Strahovski looking so happy and healthy? Here's to more pictures like this one because Strahovski deserves to ride out the rest of her pregnancy spittoon-free. Fingers crossed.
It's important to recognize that doctors, like all humans, are creatures of habit. Although we may all strive to offer our patients the very best possible care, with more than 75 new research studies published every single day, most of us struggle to filter, prioritize and ultimately integrate the latest medical knowledge into our practices.
It has been demonstrated repeatedly, across diseases and in many countries, that anywhere from 30 per cent to 45 per cent of patients doesn't get the care they ought to receive (i.e. what is recommended in medical guidelines), and surprisingly even more — 20 per cent to 30 per cent of patients — receive care that is unnecessary, or even potentially harmful.
The heat and humidity of summer causes lots of breathing problems, like asthma flare-ups and aggravation of bronchitis. But sometimes doctors diagnose asthma without formal testing, and all too often we give out antibiotics that can't help. Overtreatment can sometimes be as bad as undertreatment.
To this end, the “ Choosing Wisely ” movement, led by University of Toronto faculty members, develops “Top 5” lists of tests and treatments that are still commonly used, but are not supported by medical evidence and/or could expose patients to unnecessary harm. These lists are meant to challenge existing norms and to encourage practitioners and patients to engage in conversations about whether certain tests and treatments are truly necessary. Last month, Choosing Wisely came out with recommendations for respiratory medicine.
The list is largely focused on common conditions, where the impacts of overtreatment are the most far-reaching. Two of the recommendations target unnecessary prescriptions for inhaler medications — one for patients suspected of having chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD, but often called emphysema or chronic bronchitis), which affects one in four individuals over the age of 35; and one for asthma, which affects up to 15 per cent of Canadians.
Both recommendations call on physicians not to prescribe medications unless and until they have confirmed the diagnosis with a formal breathing test. Although it would seem intuitive to test before treating, these conditions are often diagnosed and treated based on symptoms alone, partly because testing is not always readily available (especially within a short turnaround time). On the flip side, many other conditions can fool us by mimicking the symptoms of COPD or asthma. This was proven in a recent large Canadian study which showed that one-third of patients who had been told they had asthma by their physician did not have it when formally tested.
So if you have been told that you have either COPD or asthma, ask your doctor if formal testing can be arranged, especially before starting treatment.
Over-prescribing antibiotics is also a problem for people with asthma, bronchitis or COPD. Most adult infections that trigger a cough are caused by viruses as opposed to bacteria — which means antibiotics won't help, even if the cough has lasted for more than a week. In fact, the average duration of cough caused by viruses is around 18 days, whereas studies suggest that patients expect the cough to resolve after about a week (which is often when they visit their doctors and request antibiotics).
With asthma, the most common triggers causing a flare-up (allergens, smoke, pollution or viruses) won't be helped by antibiotics. Bacterial infections are a very rare cause of asthma flares. Although it may seem innocuous to “try” antibiotics, aside from costs, antibiotic use is not without potential harms, including allergic reactions and the emergence of bacterial resistance.
If you have an infectious cough, or if your asthma is flaring, resist the temptation to ask your doctor for antibiotics. And if you're being offered antibiotics, ask if they're truly necessary.
As medical science increasingly challenges many of our commonly held beliefs and practices, both doctors and patients will need constant reminders that in health care, as in life, more does not always mean better (and often means worse). I hope this will act as one of those reminders, and as a starting point for discussions between patients and their doctors.
Dr. Samir Gupta is a respirologist at St. Michael's Hospital and an assistant professor in the Department of Medicine at U of T. He is chair of the Canadian Thoracic Society Choosing Wisely Task Force.
Doctors' Notes is a weekly column by members of the U of T Faculty of Medicine. Email doctorsnotes@thestar.ca .
Rachel Weisz wasn't kidding.
Days after the “Disobedience” star, 48, revealed that she and husband of nearly seven years Daniel Craig are expecting their first child together, the actress was photographed in a red dress that showed off her baby bump.
“I'll be showing soon,” the actress told the New York Times last week. “Daniel and I are so happy. We're going to have a little human. We can't wait to meet him or her. It's all such a mystery.”
While the baby will the couple's first together, both Weisz and Craig have children from previous relationships.
The actress has an 11-year-old son, Henry, with “mother!” director Darren Aronofsky, while the James Bond actor shares 25-year-old daughter Ella with actress Fiona Loudon.
A roundtable meeting held on behalf of Premier John Horgan by Labour Minister Harry Bains and Parliamentary Secretary Ravi Kahlon with representatives of the Muslim faith and community leaders to commemorate the one year anniversary of the Quebec mosque shootings.
A number of representatives from the community attended the meeting held in Vancouver.
Researchers from the University of Nebraska-Lincoln, Harvard Medical School and MIT have designed a smart bandage that could eventually heal chronic wounds or battlefield injuries with every fiber of its being.
The bandage consists of electrically conductive fibers coated in a gel that can be individually loaded with infection-fighting antibiotics, tissue-regenerating growth factors, painkillers or other medications.
A microcontroller no larger than a postage stamp, which could be triggered by a smartphone or other wireless device, sends small amounts of voltage through a chosen fiber. That voltage heats the fiber and its hydrogel, releasing whatever cargo it contains.
A single bandage could accommodate multiple medications tailored to a specific type of wound, the researchers said, while offering the ability to precisely control the dose and delivery schedule of those medications. That combination of customization and control could substantially improve or accelerate the healing process, said Ali Tamayol, assistant professor of mechanical and materials engineering at Nebraska.
“This is the first bandage that is capable of dose-dependent drug release,” Tamayol said. “You can release multiple drugs with different release profiles. That's a big advantage in comparison with other systems. What we did here was come up with a strategy for building a bandage from the bottom up.
“This is a platform that can be applied to many different areas of biomedical engineering and medicine.”
The team envisions its smart bandage being used initially to treat chronic skin wounds that stem from diabetes. More than 25 million Americans – and more than 25 percent of U.S. adults 65 and older – could suffer from such wounds. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has estimated that diabetes cases will double or triple by the year 2050.
“The medical cost associated with these types of wounds is tremendous,” Tamayol said. “So there is a big need to find solutions for that.”
Those wounded in combat might also benefit from the bandage's versatility and customizability, Tamayol said, whether to stimulate faster healing of bullet and shrapnel wounds or prevent the onset of infection in remote environments.
“Soldiers on the battlefield may be suffering from a number of different injuries or infections,” he said. “They might be dealing with a number of different pathogens. Imagine that you have a variable patch that has antidotes or drugs targeted toward specific hazards in the environment.”
Existing bandages range from basic dry patches to more advanced designs that can passively release an embedded medication over time. To evaluate the potential advantages of their smart bandage, Tamayol and his colleagues at Harvard ran a series of experiments.
In one, the researchers applied a smart bandage loaded with growth factor to wounded mice. When compared with a dry bandage, the team's version regrew three times as much of the blood-rich tissue critical to the healing process.
Another experiment showed that an antibiotic-loaded version of the bandage could eradicate infection-causing bacteria. Collectively, Tamayol said, the experiments also demonstrated that the heat needed to release the medications did not affect their potency.
Though the researchers have patented their design, it will need to undergo further animal and then human testing before going to market. That could take several years, though the fact that most of the design's components are already approved by the Food and Drug Administration should streamline the process, Tamayol said.
In the meantime, he said, the researchers are also working to incorporate thread-based sensors that can measure glucose, pH and other health-related indicators of skin tissue. Integrating that capability would allow the team to create a bandage that could autonomously deliver proper treatments.
The authors detailed their design and findings in the journal Advanced Functional Materials. Tamayol authored the study with Harvard's Ali Khademhosseini, Pooria Mostafalu, Gita Kiaee, Giorgio Giatsidis, Akbar Khalilpour, Mahboobeh Nabavinia, Mehmet Dokmeci and Dennis Orgill, along with Sameer Sonkusale of Tufts University.
Rays shortstop Adeiny Hechavarria started his big-league career with the Blue Jays. He hasn't forgotten what the franchise did for him. Rene Johnston / Toronto Star ) Order this photo
Growing up in Cuba, Tampa Bay Rays shortstop Adeiny Hechavarria dreamt of playing on synthetic turf fields. These days, the 28-year-old realizes the idea of a big leaguer yearning for fake grass sounds counterintuitive. But as a teenager he never saw turf fields, and the only people he knew who played on them were members on Cuba's powerful national teams who had represented the country in overseas tournaments. For him, turf fields were less an annoyance than a signal he had arrived as a player. Hechavarria left Cuba in 2009, and the following April signed the $10-million contract (all dollar figures U.S.) that made him the Blue Jays' first premium Cuban free-agent acquisition. While his 43 games with the Jays represent a sliver of his pro experience, Hechavarria says the club played an outsized role in his life by helping him realize his major-league dream. Right down to the turf field. “I'm really happy to be back here, because they gave me the opportunity,” said Hechavarria, who wasn't in the starting lineup for Monday's series opener at the Rogers Centre. “When I came to Toronto and found out the field was synthetic I said ‘Wow! This is something incredible.'”
Article Continued Below
Hechavarria's Blue Jays deal came as MLB clubs escalated their pursuit of Cuban talent. In January 2010, left-handed pitcher Aroldis Chapman signed a $30.25-million contract with Cincinnati. After Hechavarria came the exodus that brought players such as Yasiel Puig and Jose Abreu to the majors. While Hechavarria prepped for Monday's batting practice, Miami's El Nuevo Herald reported that another Cuban prospect, 21-year-old Julio Pablo Martinez, had defected during a summer stint with Trois Rivieres of the Can-Am League. Hechavarria was also 21 when he signed with the Jays. To smooth his transition to pro baseball, the Jays quickly promoted him to Double-A New Hampshire, where manager Luis Rivera would serve as coach and mentor.
In Hechavarria, Rivera saw a young shortstop with the skills and quickness to become a big-league standout. “He's like a wildcat,” Rivera told the Star in 2010. But he also saw a young man struggling with estrangement from his family in Cuba and trying not to let stress affect his play. “There were a couple times when I had to give him the day off because I knew mentally it was very tough for him,” says Rivera, now the Jays' third base coach. The Jays envisioned Hechavarria as their shortstop of the future, but in November 2012 the club bet big on the present, shipping him and five others to Miami for a group of veterans meant to help the club contend immediately. After five seasons with the Marlins, Hechavarria joined the Rays in a trade aimed at bolstering the club's chance at a wild-card berth. Rays manager Kevin Cash doesn't mind that Hechavarria has hit just .214 since arriving. He insists the hits will come, and says the glove arrived from Miami intact. “We acquired him to go play elite defence and he's done that — probably above and beyond,” Cash said. “Defensively, he's made a world of difference for our team (and) for our pitching staff.” Between signing with Toronto and arriving in Tampa, Hechavarria has navigated off-field drama. While he played in the Jays' minor-league system his father was arrested several times while attempting to flee Cuba. And in February he testified in the human trafficking trial of his former agent, Bart Hernandez, illuminating the murky deals Cuban players are forced to strike if they hope to play in the majors. Hechavarria's family remains split. His parents now live with him in Florida, while his older brother chose to stay in Cuba. But he's not conflicted about his decision to sign with Toronto seven years ago. “It's a thrill. I'm achieving my dream,” he said. “I've made it here. Now I'm focused on staying.”
CHARLOTTE, North Carolina, Aug 13 (Reuters) - Overnight leader Kevin Kisner set off for what could be a riveting finish to the PGA Championship on Sunday as early starters said a Quail Hollow layout that had been mostly challenging all week was there for the taking.
Adam Scott, one of the early starters on Sunday, said the course was easier than it had been on Saturday when firm greens and difficult pin positions proved to be a grind, with the final threesome taking nearly six hours to complete 18 holes.
"Easier, probably because it's soft too," the Australian former world number one said after finishing at eight-over 292.
"It's taken a lot of rain. Greens are pretty receptive at 8:35 in the morning.
"Didn't look like they'd dried out too much through the round so I think there's good scores out there."
Scott also gave a lukewarm thumbs-up to the hole locations, which some players thought were on the edge of being unfair on Saturday.
"They were better today, I guess," Scott said, measuring his words as he spoke to a small group of reporters.
"You can find fault in everything. It's a very severe set of greens. There's not a lot of room to work with. They're borderline, but there's nowhere else to put (the pins). I don't necessarily know that's the officials' fault."
World number one Dustin Johnson finished soon afterwards, his 67 proof the course was eminently playable.
"Compared to the first three days, the pins are a little bit nicer and the course is playing soft," Johnson said after finishing at even-par 284. "I guess we got some rain last night. The greens weren't too fast. I thought the setup today was definitely favorable."
Rory McIlroy concurred.
"I don't know what's happened overnight but it's very receptive out there," the Northern Irishman said after shooting 68 for one-over 285.
"The course might dry out as the day goes on, but I felt like it was a bit more receptive than it was yesterday."
Scott, Johnson and McIlroy were speaking before Kisner teed off at seven-under, one stroke ahead of fellow American Chris Stroud and Japanese Hideki Matsuyama.
South African Louis Oosthuizen and American Justin Thomas started the day two behind. (Reporting by Andrew Both; Editing by Frank Pingue)
Can't believe it's the last day of May! Where is the time going – wasn't it snowing just a few short weeks ago? The good news is summer is certainly in full swing. And Father's Day is coming up. Enjoy the following sales that are bound to get you into a summer state of mind:
TRUE RELIGION AND G-STAR RAW WAREHOUSE SALE
One of the most sought-after sales presented by the Premium Retail Group is now on until Sunday, featuring savings up to 90% off a huge selection of denim for the whole family. New inventory and accessories, too.
– TRUE RELIGION AND G-STAR RAW WAREHOUSE SALE, to June 3, International Centre, 6900 Airport Rd., Hall 6, Thursday-Friday, 11 a.m. to 9 p.m. Saturday-Sunday, 10 a.m. to 6 p.m.
WOLVERINE MEGA SHOE WAREHOUSE SALE 2018
Starts tomorrow to Sunday and you want to head out early for this awesome sale, where savings are up to 70% off the retail on name brands that include Merrel, Saucony, Hush Puppies, Keds, Wolverine, Cat and more. From outdoor to athletic, casual to fashion forward footwear for the whole family at prices not to be believed.
– WOLVERINE MEGA SHOE WAREHOUSE SALE 2018, June 1-3, 6225 Millcreek Dr. (off Britannia Rd. W.), Mississauga, Friday, noon to 8 p.m., Saturday-Sunday, noon to 6 p.m. Wolverinecanada.com.
GIANT WAREHOUSE SALE
Okay, the place may be small and humble, but the prices are giant, hence the name, where you can pick up Brita hard sided and sport water bottles, with filter for $5 (regularly $10), or Bio-Oil, regularly $13 on sale for $7.50. Lots of other products with name brands that include Glad, Febreze, Listerine, John Frieda and more! Sale starts today to Sunday.
– GIANT WAREHOUSE SALE, May 31-June 3, 4090 Ridgeway Dr. Unit 10, Mississauga (north of Burnhamthorpe Rd. W.) Thursday-Friday, 10 a.m., to 6 p.m., Saturday-Sunday, 10 a.m. To 5 p.m. Giantwarehousesale.com.
LIPSON SHIRTS WAREHOUSE SALE
Need a shirt? Then head out to the Lipson Shirtmakers warehouse sale, featuring savings up to 75% off the retail on men's dress and sports shirt in a variety of styles and sizes. Sale's on until Saturday.
– LIPSON SHIRTS WAREHOUSE SALE, May 31-June 2, 190 Norsman St. (west off Islington Ave.), Thursday-Friday, 9 a.m. to 7 p.m., Saturday, 11 a.m. to 4 p.m.
SAMKO AND MIKO TOY AND BOOK WAREHOUSE SALE
With summer holidays on the horizon, parents will be thrilled to hear this famous sale is now open, featuring major savings at their usual Toronto and Richmond Hill locations. Look for deep discounts on a wide selection of favourite toys, books, games, crafts, puzzles and so much more. Name brands include everything from Mattel, Megabloks, Vtech, Fisher Price, Crayola and more.
– SAMKO AND MIKO SPRING TOY AND BOOK WAREHOUSE SALE: Until June 17;
Samko: 77 Fima Cres. (south of the QEW/ Gardiner Expy.), 416-532-1114.
Miko: 60 East Beaver Creek Rd., Richmond Hill, 905-771-8714.
Hours for both locations: Saturdays, 10 a.m.-5 p.m.; Sundays, 11 a.m.-5 p.m.; Wednesdays, 10 a.m.-4 p.m.; Thursday-Friday, 10 a.m.-8 p.m.; CLOSED Mondays and Tuesdays; Samkosales.com.
REAL DEALS SPRING WAREHOUSE SALE
You have a few more days to take advantage of the Real Deals warehouse sale, ending this Sunday, and offering major savings on everything from outdoor planters to lighting, toys, gifts, housewares, workout goods and more.
– Real Deals Spring Warehouse Sale, to June 3, 358 Humberline Dr. Thursday-Friday, 10 a.m. To 7 p.m., Saturday-Sunday, 9 a.m. To 5 p.m. http://realdealswarehousesale.com
MR. B'S SKECHERS SHOE AND SANDAL SALE: And I'm giving you all advance notice this famous sale is coming up next Tuesday, featuring insanely discounted prices on this famous footwear for the whole family. I personally love the shoes for the small fry, but there's so much to choose from – in sizes that are hard to find! Sale starts Tuesday, July 5.
– MR. B'S SKECHERS SHOE AND SANDAL SALE, July 5-10, 1590 Matheson Blvd. Unit 16, Mondays-Tuesdays-Wednesday, 11 a.m. to 6 p.m. Thursdays-Fridays, 11 a.m. to 8 p.m., Saturdays-Sundays, 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. Mrbsfamoussale.com (check out the website to become a VIP customer and get invited to the pre-sale weekends!)
FATHER'S DAY FINDS:
Fail-Proof Father's Day Gifting: The Limited Edition Gillette Fusion ProShield gift pack, featuring Gillette's FlexBall technology which helps to reduce missed hairs with every stroke; and attached to the handle are Fusion ProShield blades which help shield his face from the signs of shaving irritation.
In addition to the premium handle and blades, The pack includes Gillette Fusion ProGlide Sensitive Shave Gel and Skin Care. Suggested retail price is $19.99 at Shoppers Drug Mart and Pharma Prix stores across Canada for a limited time only.
L'Occitane Father's Day gift sets: When you think of L'Occitane you tend to think of the ladies in your life. But the company also carries a great selection of luxurious, natural beauty products for guys. L'Occitane Father's Day gift sets include the Cedrat Collection: a delicate, citrus fragrance; the set includes the Cedrat Eau de Toilette, Shower Gel, and Bar Soap for $44. There's also the L'Occitane collection that draws on the earthy essence and aromatic scents of Provence – set includes after shave balm, shower gel and bar soap for $44. And the CADE Collection that boasts woody notes of bergamot, cedar, pink pepper and citrus – set includes after shave balm and shave soap, also $44. Other gift ideas as well. All sets available in L'Occitane boutiques starting June 4.
-Check out ca.loccitane.com.
rdemontis@postmedia.com
LIVERPOOL: Jurgen Klopp saluted Liverpool's "fantastic" 5-2 demolition of Roma on Tuesday (Apr 24) as the Reds manager soaked up a Champions League semi-final first leg goal spree that was beyond his expectations.
Klopp's side are within touching distance of the final after crushing Roma at Anfield.
Mohamed Salah's brace was followed by goals from Sadio Mane and Roberto Firmino, who also struck twice to leave Liverpool five up by the 68th minute.
Liverpool let their guard down in the closing stages and Roma netted twice to give themselves a slender chance of a second-leg escape act in Italy.
But Klopp admitted he couldn't have hoped for a more dynamic display from his team.
"It was the perfect performance for pretty much 80 minutes. We made defensively one mistake, then their penalty is not a penalty but that is the situation and now it is 5-2," he said.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"Of course we would have been more happy with 5-0 or 5-1 but 5-2 is a fantastic result. We go there and try again.
"It is absolutely better than I thought before the game."
Following Klopp's game-plan, Liverpool exploited Roma's creaky defence as Salah and Mane ran them ragged with their pace and movement.
"We had all these runs behind, it changed the game completely and they couldn't cope with that. We scored these goals and could have scored more," Klopp said.
"That is all positive, at this moment it doesn't feel all positive because they scored these two goals but tomorrow I will see the really good part of the game."
Aside from Roma's late double, the only problem for Klopp on a memorable evening was the injury to Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain that saw him carried off in the first half.
Liverpool's English midfielder Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain (centre) picks up an injury during the UEFA Champions League first leg semi-final football match against AS Roma. (Oli SCARFF/AFP)
"Oxlade-Chamberlain is probably a really bad injury," Klopp said.
"That is bad news for us. The squad doesn't get bigger at the moment so we need to be creative in the next few games."
Although Liverpool fans will be dreaming of a final showdown with Real Madrid or Bayern Munich, their players are well aware Roma staged a stunning fightback to eliminate Barcelona in the quarter-finals.
The Italians lost the first leg 4-1, but won 3-0 in Rome to go through on away goals.
Liverpool captain Jordan Henderson admitted there was frustration at letting Roma back into it and he warned his team-mates not to let down their guard in the return leg.
"It felt as though we were in full control but we basically gave them two goals, you can't do that in the Champions League," he said.
"At the same time we played well, we will go there with a three-goal advantage.
"Overall we have got to stay positive. We knew it would not be easy here, we know it will not be easy there.
"It will be a challenge but one we will look forward to and one we will hopefully finish them off."
Van Morrison and Joey DeFrancesco
You're Driving Me Crazy
(Sony Legacy)
Rating: 4 out of 5 stars
Either Van Morrison's muse just won't stop working overtime or he's trying to beat Willie Nelson for total recorded output while both are still active musicians. In any event, You're Driving Me Crazy is not just Van's 39th studio album (Willie's got him substantially beat at 73) but his third batch of freshly recorded material in about six months. That's not including a DVD documenting a recent tour. Even Nelson can't match that.
Morrison's previous release Versatile found him reconnecting with his jazz roots, which he never really left. He doubles down on that by fronting veteran organist Joey DeFrancesco's group for this 15-track, 72-minute swinging set. Unlike Versatile, Van chose all covers this time, either written by him (eight selections) or classics from pop, jazz and blues writers or interpreters like Cole Porter, Walter Donaldson, and Ray Charles. In some cases, he thoroughly reconfigures and rearranges tunes as on his own “Have I Told You Lately,” which shifts from sweet ballad to a finger-popping, jazzy romp, and Guitar Slim's “Things I Used to Do” that takes the slow blues and energizes it into a playful, bluesy hip-swaying frolic complete with a sizzling walking bass line and a rare Morrison harp solo. He doesn't need to do much rejiggering of “The Way Young Lovers Do,” but kudos for going back and plucking that one from 1968's classic Astral Weeks. He also digs deep into his back pages, dusting off obscurities such as 1991's “All Saints Day” (which on Hymns to the Silence was already in full jazz mode), “Goldfish Bowl” (from 2003's minor What's Wrong with This Picture?), and the appropriately named “Close Enough for Jazz” (would have been a good choice for this disc's title), a relatively recent 2012 track.
All this activity seems to agree with the 73-year-old icon who remains in spirited voice, sounding as peppy and vibrant as any time in his extensive history. DeFrancesco and his talented three piece provide an effortless and elegant fit with Van who allows them plenty of room to roam and improvise. Morrison has been singing jazz from as far back as Astral Weeks and this recent dive into the deep end of that genre's pool has clearly pushed a creative button. He's scatting, playing with emphasis on words and acting as if he wouldn't mind riding out the rest of his years in this zone.
Fans who have stuck with Morrison for any length of time will eagerly welcome his recent spurt of creativity with You're Driving Me Crazy (the title song has been covered by everyone from Billie Holiday to Frank Sinatra, Big Joe Turner and Louis Armstrong) as another worthy notch in Van Morrison's remarkable and ever-expanding career belt.
Bob Dylan has been accused of stealing a number of sentences about the novel "Moby-Dick" from an online study guide and dropping them into his recent Nobel Prize lecture.
Inspired by commentary by writer Ben Greenman, who noted that Dylan appeared to have invented a quote from the sizable book, Slate's Andrea Pitzer analyzed the portion of the lecture pertaining to Herman Melville's book and found that "more than a dozen" of Dylan's 78 sentences about it "appear to closely resemble lines from the SparkNotes site."
"[M]ost of the key shared phrases in these passages (such as 'Ahab's lust for vengeance' ... ) do not appear in the novel 'Moby-Dick' at all," Pitzer said Tuesday.
In his lecture, Dylan also named "All Quiet on the Western Front" and "The Odyssey" as books that had stuck with him since childhood.
Greenman, in noticing the apparently invented "Moby-Dick" quote (“Some men who receive injuries are led to God, others are led to bitterness") seemed to chalk it up to Dylan being Dylan and had no problem with it.
"It appears, from all available evidence, that Dylan invented the quote and inserted it into his reading of 'Moby-Dick,' " he wrote. "Was it on purpose? Was it the result of a faulty memory? Was it an egg, left in the lawn to be discovered in case it's Eastertime too? Answering these questions would be drilling into the American Sphinx, and beside the point anyway. As it stands, it's very much in the spirit of his entire enterprise: to take various American masterworks and absorb and transform them. The mystery of it makes a wonderful lecture even more wonderful."
Dylan, who won the Nobel in Literature prize last year, didn't travel to Stockholm to accept the honor and its nearly $1-million prize on Dec. 10 but instead recorded the customary lecture in Los Angeles on June 4 and uploaded it to YouTube on June 5, just beating a six-month deadline to deliver it. The Nobel Foundation posted a transcript as well.
"Triplicate," the 76-year-old's newest release — a three-album set covering songs from the Great American Songbook, which followed two other albums of songs written by other people —came out at the end of March.
In his review, The Times' Randy Lewis noted:
"[Th]e vast majority of the songs Dylan included on 2015's 'Shadows in the Night,' last year's 'Fallen Angels' and now this follow-up were popularized by Frank Sinatra.
"It's therefore probably no coincidence that in form, content and title, 'Triplicate' echoes Sinatra's latter-years magnum opus, 'Trilogy,' a three-album 1980 release organized with a different theme for each disc: 'The Past,' 'The Present' and 'The Future.'
"In Dylan's case, the separate discs are individually themed ' 'Til the Sun Goes Down,' 'Devil Dolls' and 'Comin' Home Late.' "
In his Nobel lecture, Dylan summarized his takeaway from "Moby-Dick" thusly:
"Ishmael survives," he wrote. "He's in the sea floating on a coffin. And that's about it. That's the whole story. That theme and all that it implies would work its way into more than a few of my songs."
When he made the Montreal Canadiens' roster, the odds of Victor Mete playing at the World Junior Hockey Championship in Buffalo were low.
On Monday, the Canadiens announced that they would be loaning Mete to Team Canada for their final selection camp in St. Catharines where Mete will have an opportunity to play at his first World Junior tournament.
Mete impressed early with Montreal, paired with Shea Weber and began the year playing alongside the Canadiens' captain, logging more than 20 minutes of ice time in four of Montreal's first eight games.
In four of the Canadiens' last nine games, Mete has been a healthy scratch as rumours began to swirl about what Montreal planned to do with him.
READ MORE: Max Jones lifts the London Knights over the Erie Otters
Mete had been moved from the top defence pairing to the bottom two and his minutes had been reduced.
The rule of thumb with young players in the National Hockey League tends to centre on how much they are playing. If they aren't getting significant minutes with the big club, teams will sometimes start to look at other options so that a young player can continue his development on the ice instead of on the bench or watching from high above the ice surface in the press box.
Mete will now have an opportunity to play with his peers, who are teenagers like him, instead of grown men.
Montreal has not indicated what they might do with Mete should he make Team Canada and play in Buffalo. There are two choices. Mete could re-join the Canadiens or he could return to the London Knights in the Ontario Hockey League.
READ MORE: Toronto FC beat Seattle Sounders 2-0 to win first MLS Cup final
Past examples will tell you to reach into your pocket for a coin.
In 2015, Jake Virtanen was loaned to Team Canada by the Vancouver Canucks and was part of a gold medal win and then returned to Vancouver to finish out the season instead of going to the Western Hockey league.
In 2014, Anthony Duclair went through the opposite ending after he helped Canada win gold as well. Duclair played 18 games with the New York Rangers that year and was then loaned to Team Canada. He put up huge numbers on Canada's top line with Max Domi and Sam Reinhart and then landed in the QMJHL with the Quebec Remparts, who were hosting the Memorial Cup that year.
That means unless Montreal lets everyone in on their plans, anything is possible when it comes to Mete's future destination.
The move helps Team Canada immensely. Mete is known as an absolute team player who will give everything he has no matter what uniform he happens to be wearing. Playing for Team Canada has always been a dream of his and one that hasn't happened before, despite Mete attending Canada's final selection camp twice.
Decisions will still have to be made on other possible NHL players eligible to play for Team Canada at the World Juniors. They include Nolan Patrick in Philadelphia, Pierre-Luc Dubois in Colorado and Samuel Girard in Colorado.
READ MORE: Knights beat Petes in overtime
Team Canada's selection camp runs from today to Wednesday, Dec. 15.
A pre-tournament game between Canada and the Czech Republic will be played on Dec. 20 at Budweiser Gardens in London.
It's time to set your permanent away message: after 20 years, AIM is shutting down. (We're not crying, you're crying.)
Unfortunately, you read that right. Today AOL announced that the instant messaging service will be shutting down for good, taking all of our random, x-laden, lyric-inspired screen names with it. According to a recently released statement, the company recognizes AIM's legacy but acknowledges that it has essentially become obsolete:
AIM tapped into new digital technologies and ignited a cultural shift, but the way in which we communicate with each other has profoundly changed.
I realize that this may seem like a non-event to anyone who doesn't remember the world without smartphones. However, for some of us who came of age in the 90s and early 2000s, AIM was our introduction into the social realms of the internet, and will forever hold a special place in our hearts. For me personally, AIM completely defined my teenhood, and though I don't use it anymore, I can't fathom a world in which that concrete tether for my nostalgia no longer exists.
The actual ode part
As trite as I know this probably sounds, AIM used to be the coolest thing in my universe because it allowed me to actually talk.
Like a lot of us — maybe even you — I was once a thirteen-year-old girl with a lovingly executed at-home dye job, fingerless gloves, red eyeshadow up to my eyebrows and really, really poorly chosen glasses. Okay, so maybe that wasn't you exactly. But maybe, like me, you were an awkward young person who was widely regarded as a weirdo and struggled to express yourself verbally for reasons that you couldn't quite understand. For me, it was a cognitive issue compounded with the usual teen stuff, but I didn't know that yet. I was confused by and ashamed of my inability to be a normal human being, and actively hated communicating with my peers because it felt physically painful. People who didn't know me well used to bully me for not talking. Even among my small group of like-minded middle school friends, I tended toward being the quiet one, almost totally certain 90% of the words I made with my mouth were the wrong ones. However, I was an avid note-passer and always felt more comfortable writing things down instead of speaking them aloud. That was the only time I wasn't hindered by my clumsy grasp of social conventions and felt I could be my real, unfiltered self.
Enter the internet. I know it's probably a cliché at this point to talk about how discovering the internet is what it took to empower me to express myself, but discovering the internet is what it took to empower me to express myself. I found MySpace and Xanga, and while those platforms were great, the biggest and most life-changing part of my online life was AOL Instant Messenger. I would log into AIM and park myself in front of the family computer until someone shoved me off, because that was where my friends were. More than that, though, that was where I could connect in what felt to me like a meaningful way — where I could finally exist as a whole person, free of the perplexing and suffocating feelings that usually always accompanied social interaction. The first time I got a phone with a full keyboard (the Samsung BlackJack, to be precise), I begged my mom to add AIM to our plan because none of my friends had texting and I wouldn't be able to talk to them without it. It bridged important gaps for me at a really strange and uncertain time in my life: the bridge between me and others, and the bridge between one incarnation of myself and another, more confident incarnation of myself.
I say all this to say I know I'm not the only one. In the wake of AIM's final log-off, thousands of people are sharing their love for the instant messaging service. It was just one of those things that came at exactly the right time and hit an entire generation of people in exactly the right way, causing culture to not only take shape around it, but use it as a stepping stone on the path to even greater social technology. Yes, we as a society needed the freedom and wildness of a multicolored font, the comfort and personal expression of a lyric-heavy away message, and the identity affirmation of the perfect Gerard Way buddy icon. More importantly, though, we needed a way to bridge the gap, and AIM gave it to us. And I, for one, am I going to set my final away message and pour one out with that in mind.
♥♡+:｡.｡Thnks fr th Mmrs, AIM｡.｡:+♡♥
1997-2017
Thoughts?
What are your favorite #AIMemories? Share them with us in the comments.
Share:
Islamabad - Inspector General of Police Islamabad on Tuesday ordered the internal transfer of 8 police officers .
According to the details, SDPO Industrial Area Circle, Abdul Wahab (PSP) has been transferred to SDPO Sihala Circle; SDPO Sihala Circle, Ahmad Arsalan (PSP) has been transferred to SDPO Margalla Circle; SDPO Margalla Circle, Muhammad Ayub has been transferred to DSP Investigation; SDPO Shams Colony, Sardar Ghulam Mustafa has been transferred to SDPO Nilore Circle; SDPO Shahzad Town Circle, Tahir Hussain has been transferred to SDPO Shams Colony Circle; SDPO Nilore Circle, Fida Hussain Satti has been transferred to SDPO Industrial Area Circle; Muhammad Ashraf Shah has been transferred from CIA to SDPO Shahzad Town Circle and DSP Counterterrorism Force Iqbal Husasin has been transferred to SDPO Bhara Kahu Circle.
Meanwhile, Islamabad police have arrested 13 outlaws and recovered narcotics, weapons and stolen valuables from their possession, a police spokesman said on Tuesday. He said that CIA police arrested a drug-pusher namely Asif and Arshad Khan and recovered 1.225 kilogram hashish from their possession.
The police also arrested Tanveer and recovered one 30-bore pistol from him. Tarnol police arrested four drug pushers including Noor Zaman, Arshad and Altaf and recovered 625 gram heroin from them. Noon police arrested Saqib for selling petroleum products illegally in the area.
CIA police arrested Waqas Shabbir and Tahir Iqbal and recovered six stolen mobile phones from their possession. Ramana police arrested a Nigerian national and recovered one wine bottle from him. Sabzi Mandi police arrested an Afghan national Akbar Khan residing illegally in the country while Khanna police arrested Shah Nawaz and recovered 48 wine bottles from him. Koral police arrested Musaddiq and recovered 8 cans of beer from him.
Bani Gala police arrested Khan Gul and recovered one 30-bore pistol from him. The police have registered cases against these persons and further investigation is underway.
Marseille: Florian Thauvin took his season's league goal tally to 13 with a hat-trick as Marseille enjoyed a 6-3 rout of rock-bottom Metz in French Ligue 1 on Friday.
The win moved Marseille into second place in the table, eight points behind bitter rivals Paris Saint-Germain who have a game in hand and face struggling Lille on Saturday.
Marseille were 5-0 up before Metz got on the scoresheet, such was the dominance of Rudi Garcia's men.
Morgan Sanson fired them in front after just six minutes before former Newcastle striker Thauvin hit the first of his three with a volley two minutes later.
He got the better of Metz's Senegalese defender Fallou Diagne to score his second just before the interval and completed his hat-trick in the 56th minute after being set-up by Dimitri Payet.
Valere Germain, on the stroke of half-time, and Kostas Mitroglou added the sixth on 75 minutes, again with Payet delivering the key groundwork.
Metz scored their goals in the last quarter of an hour with a Florent Mollet double and last-gasp header from Ibrahima Niane.
Garcia was full of praise for Thauvin.
"'Flo' continues to be a decisive player, you don't need me to tell you," said the coach.
"I want him to continue to work, to have an important contribution. He is a humble man. Praise can weaken men and I do not want him to be weaker!"
On the game, Garcia added: "When we score six goals in a home game, we can only be satisfied. We relaxed a bit at the end, but it was a great show."
Even Frederic Hantz, the Metz coach, admired Thauvin's performance.
"I am a fan of Florian Thauvin. I worked with him for two years, he is a great talent, a very endearing player."
Neil Jenkins has urged referees to use video technology to stop marginal calls affecting the British and Irish Lions Test series.
Kicking coach Jenkins remains adamant that Owen Farrell converted a penalty attempt during the 12-3 win over the Crusaders, despite the touch judges ruling out the attempt.
Farrell was nonplussed when the shot was chalked off, while Johnny Sexton urged referee Mathieu Raynal to check with the Television Match Official (TMO) to no avail.
Former Lions fly-half Jenkins believes Wales were undone in 17-16 defeat to South Africa at Rugby World Cup 2011, where a James Hook penalty that appeared successful was also ruled out.
"It was over; it was," said Jenkins, of Farrell's penalty shot that was ruled out against the Crusaders on Saturday.
"We were in behind it and it was over. Look, it's incredibly hard to be a referee and a linesman.
"If you're standing directly underneath the posts you can't tell me if that's gone over or if it's just crept in or not.
"It's quite difficult to see if you're standing quite literally underneath, so, the referee has to take control there as well and if he's unsure then maybe you do go to the TMO.
"But both Owen (Farrell) and I felt the kick was certainly over. It just crept in but, the decision's made and that's how it is, you've just got to get on with it.
"Well we did ask him (the referee to check with the TMO) and he didn't want to know.
"I've had this scenario with Wales in the World Cup in 2011 against South Africa in Wellington. It was a similar type kick on half with James Hook.
"As far as we were concerned that kick went over.
"Francois Steyn came off and he said to me, 'Neil, the kick was over'.
"And this half-time in a massive World Cup game, a crucial game.
"At the end of the day we lost by a point so that kick mattered in hindsight, obviously. It's one of those things, we've got to take it on the chin.
"If the officials feel like there's an issue, is it a try, you go to the TMO. For kickers if it's there or thereabouts I don't see why it would be an issue to go to the TMO. That's my view anyway."
Farrell, Johnny Sexton and Leigh Halfpenny will all be itching to take the goal-kicking reins for the three-Test series against the All Blacks.
The Lions are likely to field a starting line-up approaching something like their Test XV for Saturday's Maori All Blacks clash in Rotorua.
Jenkins admitted the Lions coaches have a tough choice in opting for a front line goal-kicker - but insisted that call will only be made following team selection.
"It depends on who's in the team firstly, but across the board we're pretty strong in that respect," said Jenkins.
"We've got Owen, Leigh, Johnny, Dan (Biggar) and Greig (Laidlaw), and obviously Elliot (Daly) as the long-ranger as well.
"It's not going to be easy but selection is firstly more important with who's playing, and then kicker selection comes from that.
"There'll be a discussion between all the coaches so whoever we feel, if there is more than one playing in the team, someone's probably going to be disappointed.
"There was disappointment four years ago with Johnny as Leigh was kicking and it's not an easy conversation.
"I have no doubt that whoever kicks this series will be very strong. So we'll have a very good kicker."
Halfpenny has endured a rough 18 months of knee problems, but Jenkins insisted the Wales full-back is now hitting top form at the right time.
"He was in fantastic form leading up to the World Cup before he got injured and he's obviously had a year out and done a lot of work to get back," said Jenkins.
"Coming back in the autumn he probably wasn't anywhere near where he was prior to the injury.
"But he's done a huge amount of work in that period of time since then, and he's not far away from being what he was four years ago.
"There's no doubt that he can get back to being one of the best in the world."
LONDON: The "Big Ben" bell in the British parliament's famous clock tower will cease its regular bongs at noon on Aug. 21, falling silent for most of the next four years while renovation works are carried out, the House of Commons said on Monday (Aug 14).
The hammers which have struck the 13.7 tonne bell every hour for most of the last 157 years will be locked and disconnected from the clock, although the bongs will still sound for important events such as New Year's Eve celebrations.
"This essential programme of works will safeguard the clock on a long term basis, as well as protecting and preserving its home, the Elizabeth Tower," said Steve Jaggs, Keeper of the Great Clock.
The Palace of Westminster on the bank of the River Thames, home to parliament, is a world heritage site and major tourist attraction, and Jaggs encouraged members of the public to gather in nearby Parliament Square to hear the final bongs next Monday.
The 96-metre-tall Elizabeth Tower, believed to be the most photographed building in the United Kingdom, is already half enveloped in scaffolding as part of a major renovation project.
As part of the works the clock housing Big Ben will be dismantled and each cog examined and restored. The clock's four dials will be cleaned and repaired, their cast iron framework renewed and the hands removed and refurbished.
Advertisement
Advertisement
One working clock face will remain visible at all times, telling the time silently, and it will be powered by a modern electric motor until the original clockwork mechanism is reinstated.
All the other bells which chime every 15 minutes will be silent as well during the works that are due to be completed in 2021 when Big Bell's familiar tolls will begin again.
The United States, Mexico and three Central American nations will this week unveil plans to work with billionaire Carlos Slim's charity to tackle crime in Central America and find new ways of slowing migration, according to a draft document.
MEXICO CITY: The United States, Mexico and three Central American nations will this week unveil plans to work with billionaire Carlos Slim's charity to tackle crime in Central America and find new ways of slowing migration, according to a draft document.
Top U.S., Mexican and Central American officials meet in Miami on Thursday and Friday to discuss how to cut migration and improve conditions in Guatemala, Honduras and El Salvador, a cluster of poor, violent countries known as the Northern Triangle that most U.S.-bound migrants set out from.
The document, seen in Mexico, contains an agenda for the two-day meeting in Miami and lists several specific objectives it refers to as "deliverables." It is a draft document, and could be subject to change.
U.S. officials hope Mexico will step up efforts in Central America, especially since President Donald Trump's proposed budget contains deep cuts in U.S. aid to the area.
Trump took office vowing to slash illegal immigration to the United States. He has created tensions with Mexico's government with accusations that the country is sending criminals north and a pledge to build a wall along the U.S. southern border.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The Miami summit was the brainchild of U.S. Department of Homeland Security (DHS) Secretary John Kelly, who will be joined by Vice President Mike Pence.
Trump will be in Miami beginning Friday, although not at the same meeting. Instead, he is expected to address future U.S.-Cuba policy.
According to a draft document between the United States and Mexico after consultation with Northern Triangle countries, the first day of the meeting will focus on "prosperity", and the second on security.
On the second day, the document mentions a memorandum of understanding between USAID and the Carlos Slim Foundation to "focus on training to support the professionalization of crime and violence prevention units throughout Central America and enhance economic opportunities for at-risk youth."
Consulted on the matter, the charitable arm of Mexican tycoon Slim said it was in talks with USAID, but gave no further details.
Slim, one of the world's richest men, is one of the main telecoms providers in Central America, with business interests across various industries throughout the region.
Kelly, who previously ran U.S. Southern Command, helped former President Barack Obama design his Alliance for Prosperity, a US$750 million initiative that sought to curtail migration with development and gang-fighting projects.
Reuters has reported Kelly aims to retool the Obama-era alliance without a large increase in U.S. funding, by pressing Mexico to take more responsibility for governance and security in Central America, and with more private capital.
Trump's 2018 budget proposal envisages slashing U.S. aid to Guatemala by almost 40 percent from 2016, while cutting aid for Honduras and El Salvador nearly a third.
Kelly's DHS referred all questions on the document to the State Department, which did not immediately reply to requests for comment. Neither did Mexico's foreign ministry.
The foreign ministries of Guatemala, El Salvador and Honduras did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
The meeting envisages a commitment to develop a regional migration observatory to slow the flow of Central Americans heading north to the United States.
"Tracking and collection of data around migratory flows originating from Northern Triangle countries is critical to better develop and direct policy to mitigate illegal migration," the document says.
The meeting will include efforts to deepen coordination and professionalize regional crime-fighting and law enforcement, while Washington would reaffirm its support for a free press and independent graft-tackling bodies like Guatemala's CICIG.
The United States expects Northern Triangle nations to show "a will to pursue cases that reach political and economic elites," said the document.
The "prosperity day" aims to come up with strategies to cut red tape, boost tax revenues in Central America and improve a regional power network, allowing Mexico to sell more electricity to the energy-poor region.
Still, a senior Mexico official, speaking on condition of anonymity, feared the Miami meeting would yield few concrete results other than "good intentions."
(Reporting by Gabriel Stargardter; Additional reporting by Mica Rosenberg, Nelson Renteria, Sofia Menchu and Gustavo Palencia; Editing by Dave Graham and David Gregorio)
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
A Wilkes-Barre police officer walks by Sunday morning's accident scene on North Main Street.cv11crash2DAVE SCHERBENCO / staff photographer DAVE SCHERBENCO / STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER A Wilkes-Barre firefighter walks by two vehicles involved in a crash at North Main and North streets on Sunday.
WILKES-BARRE — A two-vehicle crash near King's College late Sunday morning left three people hurt, according to city Assistant Fire Chief William Murtha.
At 11:02 a.m. Sunday, city firefighters responded to a report of a two-vehicle accident with rollover and entrapment at the intersection of North Main and North streets, Murtha said.
Firefighters used the Jaws of Life to extricate one of the victims, who was trapped in one of the vehicles, he said.
Three people were transported to area hospitals for treatment, Murtha said. The names, ages and medical conditions of the victims were not available as of Sunday night.
— ERIC MARK
Not all recent vehicle attacks have been linked to terror groups, says Candyce Kelshall
Preventing people from using vehicles as deadly weapons is a difficult task for law enforcement officials, experts say.
Cars, trucks and vans have been used to ram people more than a dozen times around the world in recent years, often with deadly results similar to those in northern Toronto on Monday.
Federal Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale said Monday night what happened does not appear to be connected to national security, but he called the incident a “horrific attack.”
Not all recent vehicle attacks have been linked to terror groups, says Candyce Kelshall, an adjunct professor with the terrorism, risk and security studies program at Simon Fraser University in Burnaby, B.C.
She says there have been at least three incidents in Germany in recent years where people have driven cars into groups or buildings, but did not have any connection with Islamic State militants or other terrorist organizations.
Regardless of the motive, it's tough to stop someone from using a vehicle to kill, Kelshall says.
READ MORE: Toronto van attack suspect faces 10 counts of first-degree murder
READ MORE: Officer's actions ‘one shining moment' after Toronto van attack
“You can't stop people driving cars or walking on streets,” she says. “It's a difficult to thing to police.”
Vehicles are a popular weapon because they're accessible, says Alex Wilner, an assistant professor with Carleton University's Norman Paterson school of international affairs in Ottawa.
“It's deadly, it's easy and it's cheap. So, if you put the math together, it doesn't take a lot to kill people,” he says.
Cities are increasingly looking for ways to place barriers between vehicles and pedestrians, Wilner says.
In some places, garbage and fire trucks are being put in place at entrances to festivals or markets, he adds.
Similar safety measures were in effect in Toronto on Monday night, with streets closed near the Air Canada Centre where the Maple Leafs were playing an NHL playoff game.
Wilner says several vehicles used in recent attacks have been rentals and there may be some appetite for creating a registry to help prevent similar occurrences. What a registry or database would look like is unclear, he adds.
Mubin Shaikh, an expert on counterterrorism, says he thinks a no rental list would be a reactive measure that would have minimal impact.
If there are restrictions on rentals, people can still borrow or steal vehicles, he notes.
“A criminal will try to take whatever they can, however they can,” he says.
“Will it deter the determined attacker? Probably not.”
Shaikh, who is from Toronto, said he heard about Monday's tragedy after landing at an air force base in Germany where he was scheduled to give a briefing on attacks using vehicles.
“Unfortunately, this is the reality in which we live nowadays,” he said, adding that he's become hyper-vigilant when walking down the street and is constantly looking for cement planters or pillars that he could hide behind if a vehicle jumps the curb.
“At the end of the day, it's impossible (to prevent). We live in an open society and vehicles are in our proximity all the time. That's normal city life.”
Gemma Karstens-Smith, The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
ALTON — A group of business leaders and citizens are organizing a Family Fun Day from noon to 5 p.m. Sunday, Oct. 1, at Gordon Moore Park.
The committee is seeking vendors to sell food, soda, arts and crafts to the public. The event will include many free activities, including a Big Wheels Big Hearts event, face-painting, arts and crafts, car show, games, and special displays. The event aims to bring people together to enjoy the wonderful asset that is Gordon Moore Park and to bring awareness for the improvements needed there. The cost to be a vendor is $50.
Parking will be on the north side of Illinois 140. Volunteers will collect a $10 donation per car to go toward projects at Gordon Moore. Refreshments will be available for sale. More information will follow once vendors are secured.
For more information about sponsorships and becoming a vendor, visit the website.
gordonmooreparkrestoration.com
Follow AdVantage News on Facebook and Twitter
This week, Ari Hoeksema from Home Water Systems joins Daryl Hooke on Talk to the Experts to discuss his traditional, “deals done on a handshake” business philosophy.
Find out how you can improve the quality of water in your home, and if you have any water related questions call in and ask the water expert Ari Hoeksema Saturday, Aug. 19 at 11 a.m. on 630 CHED.
Arkady Babchenko, a fiercely anti-Kremlin journalist who had been reported shot and killed in Kiev, showed up alive Wednesday at a news conference to explain that police had faked his death to catch the man who ordered the hit.
To the applause and gasps of the press, Babchenko took the floor at the news conference and apologized to the friends and family who mourned for him and were unaware of the plan.
“I want to say sorry for what you felt. I had to bury my friends and colleagues many times,” Babchenko told reporters at the televised briefing at the offices of the Ukrainian Security Service, the Kyiv Post reports.
According to the SBU, Russian special services had ordered Babchenko killed and paid an unnamed Ukrainian citizen $40,000 to organize the killing. The SBU said he, in turn, paid a potential gunman $30,000 to carry out the hit.
But when the SBU learned of the plot, they recruited the gunman to work for them as a double agent to fake the shooting and arrest the organizer, who has been apprehended.
The SBU said, according to the Kyiv Post, that Babchenko's death was intended to be the first of some 30 planned killings of Russian citiznes in Ukraine allegedly ordered by Russian special services.
Vasily Gritsak, head of the security service, explained the elaborate scheme to reporters at the news conference where Babchenko appeared.
On Tuesday, Kiev and national police had said Babchenko, one of Russia's best-known war reporters, had been shot three times in the back outside his apartment building and was found bleeding by his wife.
National Police spokesman Yaroslav Trakalo had told reporters that the purported killer had been waiting for Babchenko in the stairwell.
A police composite portrait even described the killer as a tall man with a grey beard, in his 40s. He was wearing a denim hat, jacket and jeans, according to the Kyiv Post.
Babchenko, 41, served in the Russian army during the two wars in Chechnya in the 1990s, and hosts a news program on Ukraine's ATR channel,
As a journalist, Babchenko had assailed Moscow's annexation of Crimea, its support for separatist insurgents in eastern Ukraine and the Russian campaign in Syria.
Reporters, police and neighbors gather at the entrance of the building where journalist Arkady Babchenko was shot dead in his apartment on May 29, 2018.
Sergei Supinsky, AFP/Getty Images
Some of his articles and posts outraged many Russians. In one, he said he felt no regret about the deaths of Russian army choir members and others from a December 2016 plane crash as they were heading to perform before Russian troops in Syria. Several Russian lawmakers even called for stripping Babchenko of his citizenship over the comment.
In the wake of the purproted death, Ukraine Prime Minister Volodymyr Groysman said on Facebook he was convinced that "the Russian totalitarian machine didn't forgive his honesty and integrity. A real friend of Ukraine who told the truth about Russian aggression.”
Mikhail Fedotov, head of the Kremlin human rights council and head of the Russian Union of Journalists, said Babchenko had his "own special vision of the world, with his very critical view of Russian politics. That's why his murder is openly provocative.”
In New York, the Committee to Protect Journalists said on Twitter that "Ukrainian authorities should conduct a swift and thorough investigation" into Babchenko's murder.
The Russian Foreign Ministry also weighed in, saying “bloody crimes and total impunity have become routine for the Kiev regime" and demanded a prompt investigation.
Vyacheslav Volodin, speaker of the State Duma, told Russian news agencies Wednesday that Russia would be happy to help with the investigation if Ukrainian authorities requested it.
Anton Gerashchenko, a Ukrainian lawmaker who serves as an adviser to the interior minister, said on Facebook that investigators would be looking at "Russian spy agencies' efforts to get rid of those who are trying to tell the truth about what is going on in Russia and Ukraine."
In 2016, Ukranian-Belarussian journalist Pavel Sheremet, who had also left Russia, was killed by car bomb in central Kiev as he was driving to work, according to the Kyiv Post.
Contributing: Associated Press
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
CHRISTOPHER DOLAN / STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER Holy Redeemer's Dylan Weybrecht wins the 110 hurdles during Monday's track & field meet at Lake-Lehman.
At Lake-Lehman, in a matchup of undefeated girls teams, Lake-Lehman earned a 93-56 win over Holy Redeemer on Monday in WVC track & field.
Emily Johns won the discus, shot and javelin and Lake-Lehman swept the relays for the win.
For Holy Redeemer, Autumn Kaminski won the 100 hurdles, 300 hurdles and 100 and Nicole Kerestes won the 200 and long and high jumps.
In the boys meet, Noah Gorski won the 110 hurdles and 200 and Casey Kaminski won the high jump and long jump to lead the Knights.
Dylan Weybrecht swept the hurdles and was on two winning relay teams for the Royals.
Boys: Lake-Lehman 77, Holy Redeemer 65 3200 relay: 1. Holy Redeemer (Weybrecht, Volpetti, Brown, Capaci) 9:37. 110 hurdles: D. Weybrecht (HR) 15.6; 2. Kovaly (LL); 3. Ciaccia (LL). Triple jump: 1. Clovis (LL) 38-1; 2. Casey (LL); 3. Savtin (HR). 100: 1. Gorski (LL) 11.5; 2. McRoy (LL); 3. D. Weybrecht (HR). 1600: 1. Volpetti (HR) 4:48; 2. Hoda (HR); 3. Newman (LL). Shot put: Manzoni (LL) 35-8½; 2. Jones (HR); 3. Meehan (LL). 400 relays: Lake-Lehman (Kojadinovich, Gorski, Billotti, McRoy) 46.3. 400: 1. J. Weybrecht (HR) 53.6; 2. Wnuk (LL); 3. Fehey (HR). 300 hurdles: 1. D. Weybrecht (HR) 43.0; 2. Kovaly (LL); 3. McRoy (LL). Pole vault: 1. Albertson (LL) 8-6. Discus: 1. Meehan (LL) 98-8; 2. Spencer (LL); 3. Jones (HR). Long jump: 1. Kamisnki (LL) 17-63/4; 2. Savtin (HR); 3. Clovis (LL). 800: 1. Capaci (HR) 2:04; 2. Volepetti (HR); 3. Brown (HR). 200: 1. Gorski (LL) 24.0; 2. J. Weybrecht (HR); 3. Kojadinovich (LL). 3200: 1. Hoda (LL) 10:26; 2. Stevens (HR); 3. Strish (HR). Javelin: 1. Myers (LL) 109-10; 2. Meehan (LL); 3. Jones (HR). 1600 relays: 1. Holy Redeemer (Brown, J.Weybrecht, Capaci, D. Weybrecht) 3:44. High jump: 1.Kaminski (LL) 5-6.
Girls: Lake-Lehman 93, Holy Redeemer 56 3200 relay: 1. Lake-Lehman (Kubiski, Fry, Vasey, Barnick) 11:39. 100 hurdles: 1. Kaminski (HR) 15.5; 2. Motovidlak (LL); 3. Chara (LL). Triple jump: 1. Marchakitus (LL) 36-6½; 2. Ornoski (HR); 3. Duan (HR). 100: Kaminski (HR) 13.1; 2. Feelger (LL); 3. Paczewski (LL). 1600: 1. Fry (LL) 5:39; 2. L. Williams (HR); 3. M. Holmes (HR). Shot put: 1. Johns (LL) 38-7½; 2. Soboleski (HR); 3. Walting (HR). 400 relays: 1. Lake-Lehman (Motovidlak, Paczewski, Gregory, Fleeger) 53.1. 400: 1. Kubiski (LL) 64.8; 2. Vasey (LL); 3. Patla (LL). 300 hurdles: 1. Kaminski (HR) 49.5; 2. Motovidlak (LL); 3. Klopp (LL). Pole vault: 1. Lockavitch (LL) 8-0; 2. Hodle (LL). Discus: 1. Johns (LL) 135-5; 2. Soboleski (HR); 3. Salus (LL). Long jump: Kerestes (HR) 15-8½; 2. Marchakitus (LL); 3. Barker (LL). 800: 1. Garnick (LL) 2:29; 2. Mullery (HR); 3. Thomas (HR). 200: 1. Kerestes (HR) 27.7; 2. Fleeger (LL); 3. Gregory (LL). 3200: 1. L. Williams (HR) 12:26; 2. Fry (LL); 3. Chaba (LL). Javelin: 1. Johns (LL) 107; 2. Salus (LL); 3. Walting (HR). 1600 relays: Lake-Lehman (Garnick Paczewski, Vasey, Kubaski) 4:23. High jump: 1. Kerestes (HR) 4-10; 2. Barker (LL); 3. Dolan (HR).
Esbie Fonte is a biracial songwriter who bends unexpected styles to create unique pop music with collaborator Peter Tilley. Her recent single, “Aces High,” features raw lyrical barbs coupled with gorgeous guitar progressions, and the brand-new video allows her stylish personality to shine.
Precise enunciation and weary disposition mirror what one would expect from a musical style more aligned with pop-punk, but warm flamenco guitars subvert expectations. Fonte asks a lot in “Aces High,” with a deep bass line in the chorus reverberating in her chest.
A neighborhood watch group in Kapolei is encouraging other communities to come together to fight crime.
The Kanehili neighborhood safety watch group has been patrolling their community for several years. But the residents are pushing for more people to follow their lead after seeing the recent story of a young girl being inappropriately touched by a man on TheBus last month.
We're told that bus incident along with other crimes are just a couple of reasons why these residents want more eyes and ears around the community.
Whether its in the morning or in the middle of the night, the Kanehili neighborhood safety watch is on a mission to keep crime away.
“Sometimes we go out at midnight and we go out and cruise around and see if anything's happening,” group member Ruth Kepo'o said.
“Things happen 24/7 right. It happens at different times, you never know,” another member, Claudia Quintanilla said.
Each week these residents hitch a ride on the bus and make multiple stops to walk around Kapolei.
“Tonight's walk was pretty quiet, we're looking not to engage anybody but to show a presence to deter criminal behavior, member Todd Lavine said.
“Basically we just want to be visible in the community. We want people to know that other people out there are watching,” Kepo'o said.
An HPD officer joins the group once a month and we're told their presence is working.
“A lot of times people will just go home and not do things they shouldn't do when they see us,” Kepo'o said. “If it's a group of people and things don't look good, then we'll call 911.”
Residents also focus on area schools. We're told volunteers are often nearby during the morning rush.
“We're just there to make sure that the kids get to school and to make sure that they don't interrupt the community,” Quintanilla said. “If we see students smoking or doing things that they shouldn't be doing, we will make reports.”
The group hopes others will join in their efforts to keep Hawaii safe.
“Just doing other simple things like this, it makes other neighbors feel good about their community, feel safer about their community,” Quintanilla said.
All of these residents are trained by Honolulu Police before patrolling the community.
If you're interested in starting a neighborhood watch group, you can contact HPD.
A man saw a plane crash near his Salisbury summer home and grabbed a ladder, then went to get the people out. (Published 5 hours ago)
Charles Collin helped save two people who were inside a plane that crashed in Salisbury Sunday afternoon and while his family considers what he did to be a heroic act, Collins said he was just doing the right thing.
“You'd do the same thing,” Collin said.” So would I. So would anybody else, I'm sure. That's just how it goes. When folks need help, you go help them.”
Collin's first reaction to seeing the crashed plane right outside his summer home was to run over with a ladder to help get people out.
He said he, “got the ladder up there and just sort of held it steady while the pilot and passenger climbed out.”
The rescue was a family effort.
Collin's daughter, Gabriella, called 911 and instructed emergency services how to get to the crash site.
“We're up here,” she told them, “We're on this road at the top of this mountain, and we're like we need emergency services as soon as possible.”
Because of the ladder, the pilot and the passenger made it out before emergency crews arrived and had only cuts and bruises as wounds.
Lakeville fire Chief Jason Wilson said the plane took off 20 miles north of the crash site in Great Barrington, Massachusetts and an instructor and student were flying when the engine apparently gave out.
While looking at the crash site Monday morning, Charles Collin said he's thankful no one was hurt.
“Pretty lucky that it didn't hit the house. Pretty lucky that they're safe and sound, and it's just absolutely amazing,” he said.
Investigators from the FAA and NTSB are evaluating what went wrong and are working on removing the plane from the tree.
WASHINGTON — President Trump huddled with Secretary of State Mike Pompeo at the White House on Wednesday as aides across the globe scrambled to nail down final details of a high-stakes summit with North Korea leader Kim Jong-un.
“We're continuing to prepare for the meeting between the president and the North Korean leader," White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders said, adding that officials hope it will happen as originally scheduled for June 12 in Singapore.
"As the president says, if it happens, we'll certainly be ready," Sanders said.
After his Oval Office meeting with Trump, Pompeo flew to New York City for a dinner meeting with Kim Yong Chol, a top aide to Kim Jong-un whose plane landed on American soil as the president and his secretary of State met in Washington.
Pompeo and Kim Yong Chol also plan to hold a series of meetings Thursday, according to Sanders.
Meanwhile, U.S. and North Korean negotiators are discussing a potential summit agenda at meetings in the demilitarized zone between North and South Korea. An American advance team is in Singapore, planning the logistics of what would be a first-ever meeting between a North Korean leader and a sitting American president.
While Trump wants to revive the June 12 date, the timing is subject to negotiations. Sanders said that "we'll be ready" if the meeting is scheduled for June 12, and, "if it's not, then we'll be ready if it takes place on July 12th."
More: Trump and aides: We're meeting to re-schedule Kim Jong-un summit
More: Top North Korean official headed to the U.S. to discuss summit between Kim Jong-un, Trump
All this activity comes less than a week after Trump announced he had canceled the meeting because of a series of critical statements from the North Korean government.
In the days since, Trump said the North Koreans have appeared more conciliatory. Kim agreed to a surprise meeting with South Korea President Moon Jae-in, who had also met with Trump at the White House and supports a re-scheduled meeting with North Korean leader.
On Tuesday, Trump himself tweeted the news of Kim Yong Chol's visit to New York City.
One hitch could follow Trump and Kim all the way to SIngapore, or even prevent a meeting altogether: Differing definitions of the term "denuclearization."
Trump and aides have spoke in terms of a "complete, verifiable, irreversible denuclearization" focused on North Korea's weapons programs. The North Koreans speak more about denuclearization of the entire Korean Peninsula, which presume to include the U.S. "nuclear umbrella" designed to protect the region as a whole.
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Police in London and Los Angeles are currently investigating allegations of sexual misconduct against actor Kevin Spacey. Guy Pearce commented on working with Spacey recently and insinuated that he was groped by the actor when they were filming L.A. Confidential in 1997. The first accusations against Spacey came to light last year when actor Anthony Rapp claimed that Spacey sexually assaulted him when he was only 14-years old. Since then, many men have come forward to share similar stories.
Guy Pearce recently appeared on the Australian talk show Interview, where he was asked about working with Kevin Spacey. Pearce immediately praised Spacey's acting talents, but then said that the subject was a difficult one to talk about. He then suggested that he may have had a negative experience while filming 1997's L.A. Confidential with Spacey. Pearce explains.
"Yeah ... yeah. Tough one to talk about at the moment. Amazing actor; incredible actor. Mmm. Slightly difficult time with Kevin, yeah. He's a handsy guy... Thankfully, I was 29 and not 14."
So far, Guy Pearce and Anthony Rapp are the highest profile actors to come forward with allegations of sexual misconduct at the hands of Kevin Spacey. Although the allegations were never spoken of publicly, it's believed that many in Hollywood were aware of Spacey's predatory behavior for years. Seth MacFarlane's Family Guy TV series made a joke about the rumors way back in 2005. At the time, MacFarlane notes that he hadn't heard the rumors before, and that he was filled in by the writing staff of the hit show.
As previously noted, police in Los Angeles and London are currently investigating Kevin Spacey. The LAPD is investigating a 1992 claim that alleges that Spacey sexually assaulted a young man in West Hollywood. Police in London are investigating the claims of 5 men who allege that Spacey sexually assaulted them as well. Overall, the Academy Award winning actor has faced sexual assault accusations from more than 30 men. Additionally, Spacey has been accused of sexual misconduct by 20 men from the years 2004 to 2015 when he was the head of the Old Vic theatre in London.
Kevin Spacey was let go from Netflix's hit series House of Cards and was famously replaced by Christopher Plummer in Ridley Scott's All the Money in the World. Plummer received an Academy Award nomination for Best Supporting Actor for his work on the film. It seems that it's going to be hard for Spacey to make a comeback in this climate, but director Bryan Singer has revealed that he would still like to work with the actor, which is a bit strange because he has been accused of many of the same (and even worse) things that Spacey has been accused of. You can check out the original interview with Guy Pearce over at The Guardian.
Related Articles Xiamen BRICS Summit Aims Stronger Partnership for Brighter Future
Moscow (ABC Live): US Geopolitics Plan : In latest in geopolitics circles happened when the King of Saudi Arabia, Salman bin Abdul Aziz Al Saud, arrived in Moscow on September 4 and would stay in Moscow till October 7.
As per information during the state visit of the King of Saudi Arabia to Moscow ,Russia might discuss cooperation in the field of economic and defense cooperation with the largest monarchy of the Gulf.
Saudi Arabia started preparing for the visit of the 81-year-old monarch, who rarely travels outside his country, several years in advance.
The parties meticulously discussed the agenda of the talks and took account of geopolitical factors.
President Putin said on October 4 during the Russian energy forum that he intends to discuss with the King of Saudi Arabia an opportunity to extend the agreement to reduce oil production with the OPEC countries. According to representatives of the Kremlin, issues of defense cooperation between Russia and Saudi Arabia are going to be discussed as well.
On October 5 of Saudi Arabia, Salman bin Abdul Aziz Al Saud and Russian President Putin held one to one meeting in the Kremlin Palace.
Saudi Arabia's investment in Russia has already amounted to $1 billion, but Russia intends to increase the amount further at least twice.
In September 2016, Russia and Saudi Arabia, which account for 25 percent of global oil production, signed an agreement on joint actions to maintain stability on the oil market. The agreement regulated actions between oil producing countries to cut their oil output, which made it possible to stabilize oil prices on the world market after their considerable decline. The work on the agreement opened new opportunities for Russia and Saudi Arabia in the field of economic cooperation.
The Russian Direct Investment Fund and the Saudi Arabia Public Investment Fund (PIF) signed an agreement in 2015 to set up a $10 billion joint venture fund that has already made investment in agriculture, real estate, infrastructure and the oil and gas sector. The Russian administration hopes that the meeting between the Russian President and the King of Saudi Arabia will bring the relationship of the two countries to a qualitatively new level. Investments in a number of sectors of the Russian economy have been approved, including in large-scale projects.
Russia to take part in Saudi Arabia's Vision-2030 reform plan
Both Leaders discussed Russia's participation in the implementation of the Saudi reform plan known as Vision-2030, which was authored by the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia, Mohammed bin Salman Al Saud. The plan envisages the privatization of a share in the world's largest oil company Saudi Aramco, the diversification of the country's economy, which remains highly dependent on oil production and exports, as well as investments in energy, infrastructure and technology projects around the world.
Russia wants to sell military hardware to Saudis
The current talks in Moscow will determine the fate of the package of arms contracts, including the delivery of S-400 Triumf anti-aircraft missile systems to Riyadh. Moscow has been trying to enter the Saudi arms market for ten years.
USA Sees Nothing unusual about King Salman's visit to Russia
Meanwhile, the US State Department does not see anything unusual in the visit of Saudi King Salman bin Abdul Aziz Al Saud to Russia.
US State Department spokesperson Heather Nauert was asked during a recent briefing whether the United States was concerned about the recent moves of its staunch allies – Turkey and Saudi Arabia.
Gains of 50% within two years may sound somewhat optimistic for any company. After all, share prices are generally high at the present time and while further gains may be on the horizon for the FTSE 100, such a rapid rise in a short space of time may be unlikely. However, reporting today is a company which trades on an extremely low valuation. It is in the process of a major turnaround which could see its share price soar over the next couple of years.
Encouraging progress
The company in question is Hargreaves Services (LSE: HSP). The diversified property, energy and infrastructure specialist has released encouraging half-year results. They show progress being made towards its three strategic goals.
For example, earnings within the continuing Distribution & Services operations business are set to be within the target range previously set. Furthermore, the company is making progress in creating and delivering the targeted £35m-£50m uplift in value from the Property & Energy portfolio. And with cash realisation from legacy assets also continuing, it appears as though the business is in the process of recording improved financial performance.
Growth potential
Of course, Hargreaves Services remains a relatively risky stock to own. Its profitability has slumped to near-zero in the period, which shows just how large its turnaround project will be. Making it more difficult is the diversified nature of the business. This means there are many risks facing the business, while restructuring and reorganising is likely to take longer and be more complicated than for a pureplay operation.
However, Hargreaves Services is expected to deliver a stunning turnaround. In the current year, its earnings are forecast to double and then rise by a further 43% next year. Despite this rapid rate of growth, its shares trade on a price-to-book (P/B) ratio of just 0.67. This indicates they could rise by 50% and still only trade at NAV, which would be a realistic valuation given the company's uncertain outlook.
Sector peer
Of course, Hargreaves Services is not the only company in its sector to experience difficult trading conditions. Builders merchant Travis Perkins (LSE: TPK) is expected to report a 1% fall in earnings in 2017, as uncertainty surrounding the outlook for the UK economy starts to impact on its performance.
While this may be the case in 2017, the company's bottom line is forecast to return to growth of 9% next year. This puts it on a price-to-earnings growth (PEG) ratio of only 1.3, which indicates that it offers a relatively wide margin of safety.
Clearly, Brexit talks could prove to be negative for the economy and cause investor sentiment to come under pressure. In such a situation, Hargreaves Services and Travis Perkins could see their share prices fall. However, the extent of this may be limited due to their low valuations. For long-term investors, now could be the right time to buy both stocks, with Hargreaves Services seeming to have the more enticing risk/reward ratio.
Positioning your portfolio for Brexit Looking ahead, fear and indecision could hurt share prices in the coming months. That's why the analysts at The Motley Fool have written a free and without obligation guide called Brexit: Your 5-Step Investor's Survival Guide. It's a simple and straightforward guide that could help you to find the best-performing stocks of 2017. As such, it may boost your portfolio performance in the coming months. Click here to get your copy of the guide - it's completely free and comes without any obligation.
Just because the holiday season is over doesn't mean that Hallmark is done premiering feel good, family friendly love stories. The newest one is perfect for Valentine's Day, but it's also pretty mysterious. So, is My Secret Valentine based on a true story? It's not totally implausible.
The movie, according to the Hallmark Channel, is about Chloe, played by Lacey Chabert, whose family owns a winery. Her father is planning on selling it, which makes her so upset that she goes off to "stress snack" with a guy named Seth, played by Andrew Walker. He turns out to be the sales representative buying the place, so they obviously don't get along very well. Meanwhile, there's someone renting out her family's cabin, that she never sees. But, he does keep leaving chalkboard notes for her. They end up exchanging notes via chalkboard, which makes her start to fall for him.
Guess who the mysterious tenant is? It's such a cute story, and very similar to You've Got Mail, but with a winery instead of a bookstore. Actually, it's exactly like that, which is probably why it might feel like you've heard or seen this story somewhere else. It's not a true story, but it's a very good fictional one.
Hallmark Channel on YouTube
Chabert is no stranger to Hallmark movies, as she's done a bunch of them since Party of Five and Mean Girls. She's obsessed with them herself. She told Entertainment Weekly, “They're like comfort food. You know you're going to sit down, be uplifted, feel some emotions, and be left in a good mood.” This one is no different, though she's usually in the Christmas ones.
But she recently said in a Hallmark cast interview that this particular project is the perfect Valentine's Day movie. "It's so truly romantic," she explained. "There's a mystery Valentine all throughout the story and theres also the romance that evolves between seth and chloe. At the beginning of the story they really don't care for each they're such opposites."
She added:
They also have different motivations and things that bring them joy is not exactly the same. The truth is they both learn not to judge a book by its cover and not make assumptions. They both have qualities that are charming.
Walker agreed, in his own cast interview on Hallmark, that this was a great Valentine's flick, precisely because it's not a Valentine's Day movie. Or not just one, at least. He stated:
I think what's great about this movie is that there's so much build up. We're constantly having fun, and the relationship is building and there's respect, the affection, the love is growing and apparent. And the chemistry is so strong. You don't need Valentine's Day to specifically celebrate your relationship and the love you have for the person you're with.
Walker added, "That's what great about this movie is that there's so much there. It's not just about Valentine's Day."
Even though the story isn't based on a real one, or even a real winery, the chemistry between the two actors is definitely legitimate. Walker said in an interview with the International Business Times, "No offense to every other actress I've ever worked with because I love you all, I love you all, but Lacey has to be the most genuine, pure-hearted person I've ever met in my life."
The actor added,“Like, she is so incredible, she's so giving, she's so loving. She's such an easy person to work with, she's a collaborator. She was perfect for this and I've always wanted to work with her, too, so I feel very fortunate that I had this opportunity.”
Talk about a glowing review right? That chemistry and mutual respect must be why the love story in My Secret Valentine feels so real.
Check out Romper's new video series, Romper's Doula Diaries:
Watch full episodes of Romper's Doula Diaries on Facebook Watch.
2:15 The zany 9th Annual Shamrock Shiver Charity Plunge Pause
3:03 Talkback: Mark Young talks about Vice Mayor Gene Gallo's tragic loss of his wife
1:17 Samoset Neighborhood Association looks to 2017 for continued improvements
0:49 Gene Gallo reflects on the loss of his wife
0:40 Suspect in armed robbery of Bradenton convenience store arrested
0:55 Woman saves neighbor's 80-pound mastiff in Christmas day fire
0:58 Little Rebekah is Manatee's first baby of 2017
1:22 Acapulco Tropical co-owner on opening second Bradenton location
2:02 Manatee County residents fear heavy manufacturing will change lifestyle
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday night said the GST has become "even simpler" after GST Council's recommendations and that it is in line with the government's constant endeavour to safeguard citizens' interests and ensure India's economy grows.He congratulated Finance Minister Arun Jaitley and his team for engaging with various stakeholders for "extensive feedback which led to today's recommendations" on GST (Goods and Services Tax).Modi's comments in a series of tweets came after the GST Council made sweeping changes to GST to give relief to small and medium businesses on filing and payment of taxes, eased rules for exporters and cut tax rates on more than two dozen items.The changes were made three months after rollout of the new indirect tax regime."Good and Simple Tax (GST) becomes even simpler. Today's recommendations will immensely help small and medium business," the prime minister said in a tweet.Modi has been describing GST as 'Good and Simple Tax'."GST is in line with our constant endeavour to ensure interests of our citizens are safeguarded & India s economy grows," he added.He said the composition scheme has been made more attractive and other facilitation measures will make the GST even more people-friendly and effective.According to the changes made in the GST, businesses with annual turnover of up to Rs 1.5 crore, which constitute 90 per cent of the taxpayer base but pay only 5-6 per cent of total tax, have been allowed to file quarterly income returns and pay tax instead of the current provision of monthly filings.Also, the turnover threshold for businesses to avail of the composition scheme that allows them to pay 1-5 per cent tax without going through tedious formalities, was raised to Rs 1 crore from current Rs 75 lakh.Small and medium enterprises had complained of tedious compliance burden under the GST that was supposed to be a simple indirect tax regime which replaced over a dozen central and state taxes.Jaitley, while briefing the media on the Council meeting, said a decision has been taken to cut GST rate on 27 common use items.GST on unbranded namkeen, unbranded ayurvedic medicine, sliced dried mango and khakra has been cut to 5 per cent from 12 per cent, while the same on man-made yarn used in textile sector has been reduced to 12 per cent from 18 per cent.Tax on stationery items, stones used for flooring (other than marble and granite), diesel engine parts and pump parts has been cut to 18 per cent from 28 per cent. GST on e-waste has been slashed to 5 per cent from 28 per cent.Food packets given to school kids under Integrated Child Development Scheme (ICDS) will attract 5 per cent tax instead of 12 per cent.Job works like zari, imitation, food items and printing items would attract 5 per cent tax instead of 12 per cent.Government contracts involving high amount of labour will be levied 5 per cent GST instead of 12 per cent in order to contain cost of those programmes, he said.
By Richard Leong
| NEW YORK
NEW YORK Wall Street's top banks brought forward their expectations for when they think the Federal Reserve will begin reducing its $4.5 trillion bond portfolio to as early September, and see balance sheet reduction as more of a priority than another interest rate rise, a Reuters poll showed.They see Fed policymakers raising the bank's key overnight borrowing rate one more time by the end of 2017 and three times in 2018 despite growing concerns that inflation would fall short of their 2.0 percent goal in the foreseeable future, according to the poll."The balance sheet plan seems more aggressive than previously thought," said James Sweeney, chief economist at Credit Suisse, one of the 23 firms that do business directly with the Federal Reserve.Fourteen of the 21 primary dealers surveyed said the Fed would announce the start of its balance sheet normalization at its Sept. 19-20 policy meeting. The rest of them said it would make such a move at its Dec. 12-13 meeting.In a June 2 Reuters poll, six of 17 primary dealers thought an announcement would come in September, while the rest forecast it would occur at the last policy meeting of 2017.
Earlier Wednesday, the Federal Reserve's policy-setting group, the Federal Open Market Committee, offered more details on its plan to start reducing its monthly reinvestments of maturing Treasuries and mortgage-backed securities.The Fed also raised its benchmark overnight rates by a quarter point to 1.00-1.25 percent as expected.
Primary dealers had forecast the Fed would start gradually unwinding its $2.46 trillion worth of government debt and $1.77 trillion of mortgage bonds.A number of Fed officials have spoken of the likelihood of the central bank scaling back its bond holdings which the Fed amassed after the 2008 financial crisis in order to keep long-term interest rates low to support economic growth. "We could put this into effect relatively soon," Fed Chair Janet Yellen said at a news conference after the FOMC meeting on Wednesday about paring the Fed's bond holdings.
The Fed's conviction that it was ready to back away from its unconventional monetary policy caught some traders off guard as bond yields recovered slightly after falling sharply earlier in the day on a weaker-than-forecast report on Consumer Price Index in May.This focus on balance sheet reduction led economists at Wall Street's top firms to push out their outlook on the next rate hike to December from September.In Wednesday's poll, only six of 21 primary dealers expected a rate hike in September, compared with 10 of 18 dealers in the June 2 poll. Fourteen of 21 now forecast a rate increase in December, compared with seven of 18 in the previous poll. (Reporting by Saqib Ahmed, Karen Brettell, Sinead Carew, Richard Leong, Chuck Mikolajczak, Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss and Caroline Valetkevitch; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli)
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed.
The pipeline protests at Standing Rock Sioux Tribe in North Dakota made headlines across the world and an Edmonton photographer was there to record history. Now, Amber Bracken's efforts have been recognized with a prestigious award. Gord Steinke sits down with Bracken to learn more about her work.
Introduction: 'Half the Night is Gone' is Amitabha Bagchi's latest novel, published by Juggernaut Books. Set in early 20th century Old Delhi, 'Half the Night is Gone' tells the story of a celebrated Hindi novelist Vishwanath, heartbroken by the recent loss of his son. The tragedy spurs him to write a tale about the wealthy Lala Motichand and his three sons: the self-confident Dinanath, the true heir to Motichand's mercantile temperament; lonely Diwanchand, uninterested in business and steeped in poetry; and illegitimate Makhan Lal, a Marx-loving schoolteacher kept to the periphery of his father's life. By writing about mortality and family, Vishwanath confronts the wreckage of his own life while seeking to make sense of the new India that came into being after independence.
***
For the first time in the year-and-a-half she had spent in Delhi, Kamala gained entrance to Suvarnalata's boudoir, a lavishly appointed room organised around a large four-poster bed whose polished wood left no doubts in anyone's mind as to the primary role it played in establishing the status of the room's resident as a woman in current possession of a fulsome married life. And if there was any doubt left in the mind of the jealous it was fully extinguished by the presence of a large standing mirror that stood to one side, doubling the depth of the already massive room, in front of a table overflowing with small and large bottles and implements whose sole purpose was the beautification of the woman who had acquired them. Standing in this room looking at her childhood friend, who sat on a brocaded chaise longue bent over her silver paan box, Kamala thought of how easily their positions could have been reversed and, immediately, felt a sense of relief, and gratitude, that it was not so.
When Suvarnalata finally gathered the courage to look up she found, to her surprise, that Kamala looked different from how she had remembered her although it had only been six or seven months since she had last seen her, and even then she had only seen her sidelong in the midst of hectic wedding preparations. It had, she realised, been almost a year since she had looked properly at her friend. She had become thinner, the softness of her face had vanished, but, standing upright in a manner that lacked arrogance, she appeared to be at ease. Her face was effulgent, the source of light being her eyes that were lucent, not with sadness or happiness, but something else, something undefinably greater and deeper, the sight of which, despite herself and despite the purpose of this meeting, elicited a kind of reverence from Suvarnalata.
‘How are you?' Suvarnalata asked, not knowing what else to say.
‘I am okay,' said Kamala, so still that it appeared as if even her lips did not move when she spoke. ‘What did you call me here for?'
Realising that she had not thought through how she would say what she wanted to say to Kamala, and that, even if she had, it would not be possible to couch what she wanted to say in any terms that would make it appear like anything but what it was, Suvarnalata said, ‘I want you to leave. My uncle often donates money to an ashram in Vrindavan. I have written to him and he has made the arrangements. I will send someone with you to settle you in there.'
‘No,' said Kamala, and turned to leave.
‘No?'
‘No.'
‘What do you want?' asked Suvarnalata.
‘I don't want anything,' Kamala said.
‘Then why won't you leave?'
‘Because Radha doesn't leave Vrindavan,' said Kamala. ‘Only Krishna does.'
‘You are not Radha,' said Suvarnalata sharply, ‘and he is not your Krishna.'
‘And now that chhoti bahu is here,' said Kamala, her voice quavering with anger, ‘you are not Rukmini any more.'
Suvarnalata's body went limp as she watched Kamala walk away, then, once Kamala had left the room, it seized up again and she began to weep uncontrollably for her friend and for the childhood she had shared with her, both of which were now gone for good.
Later that night Kamala's pride assailed her: how could she have refused to leave when the person who had invited her here had asked her to go? What was there for her in this place anyway? If it was one meal a day, a roof over her head and meaningless chatter till she died that she wanted, Vrindavan was as good as any other place. Was it because she knew that Suvarnalata was worried about her presence here, worried the new wife would find out that her bhabhi's friend was known by all and sundry to have fallen in love with Diwanchand? Was it because when Shakuntala came to the ashram for this katha that had suddenly been announced after almost a year's hiatus she would find out and she would blame Suvarnalata for endangering her marriage? Was that what she wanted: to take revenge on her friend by refusing to conveniently disappear before chhoti bahu saw her and realised that something had been hidden from her. But what had been hidden from her? Nothing! Just that some foolish widow fell in love with her husband, even though the husband did nothing to ever show that he reciprocated that love or even noticed that this foolish widow was in love. But why, why had she fallen in love with him in the first place? What was it? Was it his face, his beautiful face with its high forehead partly covered by a lock of hair, and his cloudy, sad eyes? Or was it the way he spoke, tentatively, in a sweet voice that was still the voice of a man, virile yet soft? And the things he said! The way he loved his Ram! The way he swayed with Tulsi, the way he pronounced each word, each verse, as if he was trying to create music, trying to build a house of sound, a house that was one moment a cosy cottage in a verdant wood and one moment a magnificent palace on a vast plain with balustraded staircases coming down its front, a house that was ephemeral in nature but comforting, a house where she felt she could find repose because it was a house in which she knew he found repose.
Knowing that he could never be hers, how foolish was it of her to let herself fall in love with him! It was all very well to say, ‘I did not will it to happen' or even to say, ‘I did not want it to happen', but why did she not prevent it from happening? Why? Why put herself through all this pain? All these months, a year now, every time she thought she had quelled the feeling, something would happen to make it come alive again — the laburnum burst of summer, so bright that it seemed the tree was trying to talk back to the May sun, the first rain of the season drawing fragrance out of the earth, fragrance that quickened every heart that was not yet dead, large, dark clouds flying across the monsoon sky like gopis running to the river at the sound of the flute, then the delicate but moist coolness of October with its scented mornings, the pale sun's warmth at the height of winter, and then, finally, unbearably, spring resplendent with colours, each flower like a sharp dart thrown at her heart — and again she would find herself exulting in the sense of him who had stolen her heart, and feeling that she wanted nothing more: not his touch, because the touch of the breeze on her face was his touch, not his voice because the koel sang in the morning in his voice, not his kisses because jasmine petals felt like his lips on her lips, their fragrance sending her into throes of exaltation so that all she could hear was his name and all she could see was his face. And with that sublime face in her eyes and that mellifluous name in her ears, Kamala floated away into a deep and dreamless sleep.
Over 5,000 people in Gujarat's Bhavnagar district, battling against the possession of land acquired by a state power utility, have written letters to authorities seeking permission to die, a farmers' body leader on Tuesday claimed."A total of 5,259 people, comprising farmers and their family members from 12 affected villages, have sought "icchha mrityu (right to die) as the land they cultivate is being forcibly snatched by the state government and Gujarat Power Corporation Limited (GPCL)," claimed Narendrasinh Gohil, a local farmer and a member of Gujarat Khedut Samaj, an organisation fighting for farmers' rights.He claimed that the letters, signed by these farmers and their kin, have been sent to the President of India, the Prime Minister and the chief minister of Gujarat.Harshad Patel, Collector, Bhavnagar, said that the farmers had dropped these letters, in which they have demanded permission for "icchha mrityu", at the registry branch of the collectorate.The registry branch receives and dispatches all the letters of the collectorate.The collector, however, did not specify the number of farmers who had written or signed on these letters. In the letter, the farmers accused the state government, and GPCL, of using police force to get them to vacate the land which the farmers claimed was being tilled by them for several years now.The farmers alleged that GPCL was trying to possess the land more than 20 years after the power firm had acquired it, adding that such a move was against the law."As per the Land Acquisition Act, 2013, a company cannot take possession of a land which it had acquired more than five years ago. To possess such a land, it will have to initiate the process of acquisition afresh," Gohil said."On two occasions, the police have fired teargas on a peaceful gathering of farmers. We are being threatened and bullied by the government," Gohil alleged.He added that the district administration has imposed section 144 of the CrPC, a provision prohibiting any assembly of persons the authorities term unlawful, in the 12 villages since over a month now."GPCL and Gujarat government want to usurp our land, despite the land legally belonging to the farmers. What shall we do in such a situation? If we do not have cultivable land, we shall be as good as dead," the letter claimed.The farmers, in their letter, said that the "forcible acquisition" of land was making them feel like "terrorists" and, therefore, they would like to be killed by bullets fired by Army personnel."We wish for this because we have been made to feel like terrorists by the authority. So my last wish is to be killed at the hands of the Army," the farmers said in the letters.
BAGHDAD: The Iraqi air force has targeted a meeting of commanders from Daesh that its leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi may have been attending, a statement said on Monday.
It was not clear in the statement sent by the Joint Operations Command coordinating the fight against the militants in Iraq whether the world´s most wanted terrorist had been hit.
An intelligence cell monitored a convoy that the statement said transported Baghdadi from the area of Raqa, the militants main Syrian stronghold, across the border to the Al-Qaim area in western Iraq.
The statement said Iraqi air force F-16 jets struck a meeting of top Daesh commanders on February 11 but provided no additional information on Baghdadi´s fate.
"The direct strike on the meeting location led to the death of 13 Daesh commanders," said the statement, which provided a list of names.
The Iraq-born Baghdadi, who proclaimed a "caliphate" straddling Iraq and Syria in June 2014, was not one of those names.
The Iraqi military has reported Baghdadi killed or wounded on numerous occasions since it launched a counter-offensive to regain the territory lost to Daesh almost three years ago.
Iraq´s military said dozens of other Daesh militants were also killed in other strikes in the same area as part of the operation last week.
Baghdadi´s health is unknown, but the Pentagon said six weeks ago that he was still alive and leading Daesh as it tries to defend the remnants of its crumbling "caliphate".
In the statement issued on Monday, the Iraqi military claimed that Baghdadi had come to the border area to discuss with his commanders "the setbacks taking place in Mosul".
Mosul is Iraq´s second city and the largest ever held by IS.
After a string of major losses in both Iraq and Syria, the militants´ two main strongholds of Mosul and Raqa are both under attack from forces backed by a US-led coalition.
Iraqi forces have already retaken the eastern side of Mosul and, nearly four months into a massive offensive to recapture the city, they are now readying for an assault on the west side.
In mid-December, the United States more than doubled the bounty on the shadowy Daesh leader´s head to $25 million.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Eight female celebrities twirl their feather fans in an enticing dance routine as they bravely prepare to bare all to millions.
Rehearsals are going well for ITV show the Real Full Monty: Ladies Night – a female version of last year's hugely successful effort by male celebs, who got their kit off in aid of prostate cancer.
The Mirror's advice columnist Coleen Nolan – who breezes through the moves with the grace of an experienced performer thanks to her Nolan Sisters days – is joining the women in aid of the fight against breast cancer.
In nine days, she could be stripping off in front of a live audience of 2,000 people – not to mention the TV audience of millions watching at home.
Uncharacteristically nervous, Coleen says: “I just don't know if I can do it. I'm having nightmares about the feathers. I've been lying in bed at night and I've had panic attacks.”
(Image: ITV)
But Coleen is spurred on by the thought of helping the fight against breast cancer.
Her sister Bernie died in 2013, aged 52, after a three-year battle with the disease. And sister Linda, 59, is living with incurable secondary breast cancer. A third sister Anne, 67, also battled the disease in 2000.
Then there's the fear of disappointing her fellow celebs – who in some cases have more than shyness to overcome.
The cast also includes broadcaster Victoria Derbyshire and singer Michelle Heaton, who have both undergone mastectomies. They have also said they might chicken out of the full reveal on the night.
(Image: BBC)
Coleen's determination to be there for them shines through.
“If I don't do the reveal I'll let everyone down,” she says. “It doesn't matter if I'm shy. I have had to really change my mind-set many times so far.”
Coleen, Victoria, 49, and Michelle, 38, will be joined on the show by ­Emmerdale's Sally Dexter, 57, comedian Helen Lederer, 63, Hi-de-Hi! legend Ruth Madoc, 74, reality star Megan McKenna, 25, and TV and radio presenter Sarah-Jane Crawford, 34.
(Image: ITV)
They hope to improve on the huge success of the men's Real Full Monty show, which crashed a prostate charity's website with thousands of online donations.
Over two nights at the end of the month, viewers will witness the women's roller coaster journey as they learn the routine and prepare for the big show at the end.
“Linda came to see us on one of the filming days” says Coleen, who has just celebrated her 53rd birthday.
(Image: ITV)
“She got really emotional when she saw us. She was saying, ‘I want you to know I'm so proud of you all and you should be proud of yourselves.' Michelle and Victoria have the scars of cancer – but they are survivors and they wear them with pride.
“Hopefully this show will wake people up to the possibility of breast cancer and realise they need to check themselves.”
Last month Coleen explained in the Mirror that she is splitting from husband of 10 years Ray Fensome – but he is still supporting her through her TV ordeal.
Guitarist Ray, who has a daughter Ciara, 16, with Coleen, has been sending texts of encouragement throughout the process.
(Image: ITV)
Coleen says: “We did a practice run in front of 30 people and I just couldn't do that final reveal.
“Of course it knocks your confidence because you think, ‘What if I get to the night and can't do it?'
“I texted Ray and said I couldn't do it and he's like, ‘Well don't be an idiot and just get them out'.”
The fear of revealing her body is very real for Coleen, who says she is so shy that she does not even walk around her house in her underwear.
(Image: ITV)
In April 2017 she posed nude with fellow Loose Women hosts for an un-retouched photo shoot in support of their Body Stories campaign to encourage body positivity.
She admits she was one of the last to agree to it – but that experience helped her find the confidence to take part in this show. “I haven't met anybody whatever size they are who is 100% happy,” she says.
“Everyone has a bit they don't like. That would still apply if I was a size 8.”
Choreographed by Diversity's Ashley Banjo, the group are dancing to This Is Me from the film The Greatest Showman, in an emotional routine designed especially for them. Their costumes are being kept firmly under wraps.
(Image: ITV)
Coleen says: “There were lots of tears from the girls when we saw the routine. I didn't cry but I wanted to scream because I loved it so much.
“A few of the girls cried because at first we were so worried about how it was going to come across, we didn't want to look like strippers or like we were trying to be sexy.
“It was really important to get a powerful strong message across that all ages, all shapes of women can be affected by breast cancer.”
Her newfound single status after the heartbreaking split from Ray has also helped Coleen find her inner confidence to get over the nudity.
(Image: ITV)
“I'm liking my independence,” Coleen says. “I've been in relationships and marriages since I was 21.
“So now at 53 I'm my own boss for the first time. The only permission I need from anyone now is from me.
“Whether it's right or wrong, it's just my decisions. I've just got to the point of as long as I'm happy I don't have to aesthetically please anyone else.
“I think it comes with age and losing a sister who was 53. You just think life is too bloody short.
“Bernie used to go on health kicks and diets and loved life so when cancer took her you just think, you know what, life can take away so quickly – you have to live it to the full.
(Image: PA)
“I'm training myself to see the positives, instead of thinking, ‘My second marriage has failed, I've got one sister who has died and my other sister's got secondary cancer'.
“If I really thought about everything's in my life, I probably wouldn't come out from under the duvet.
“But I'm trying to see the positive in everything because you're only here once – you need to make it count.”
No one knows how many of the cast will go all the way and complete the routine's big reveal – but Coleen is optimistic that she will come through on the night.
She says: “I know Bernie will be proud. She would love it and I can't wait for Linda to see it.
“If getting my 53-year-old breasts out saves just one life, it's worth it.”
The Real Full Monty: Live is on ITV on Wednesday March 28 and Thursday March 29 at 9pm.
What they say...
Ruth Madoc: I have been baring my bosoms since you were all a twinkle in your parent's eyes because I have been in the business a long, long time
Sarah Jane Crawford: I discovered a breast lump in 2014. I had it removed and it wasn't cancerous but it did need removing because potentially it could have changed into something in the future.
This is a really good way to make noise on the subject in a different way.
Helen Lederer: The reminder of what we could be achieving makes up for the embarrassment and the fear and the shame of not having the kind of figure deep down one would prefer to have.
Megan Mckenna: I wondered: “‘Can I do this?” But it's raising awareness for the right things and my following is quite young. I know as a teenager I wouldn't be sitting at home thinking I need to check my breasts.
Victoria Derbyshire: In the privacy of my own home I walk around naked, in front of my two boys aged 14 and 11 and my partner, and no one bats an eyelid. I'm happy that my kids can see what a mum-of-two who has had breast cancer looks like.
I don't really care about the fact I have one breast that doesn't match the other because I have had breast cancer and that's what can happen.
Sally Dexter: In Emmerdale my storyline was I had a double mastectomy.
The first person I really knew of who had a double mastectomy was my body double. She whipped her jumper off and said: “This shows me I've survived something and not to be ashamed of it.”
Michele Heaton: “The reason I'm doing this show is because I've had a double mastectomy and hysterectomy because of the cancer gene I carry.
“The last five years have been a struggle, with my scars and dealing with my body. When I got asked to do this my initial reaction was ‘no'.
“But my husband said ‘maybe you will change someone's life and give them more confidence'.”
Cairo: Egypt are hopeful that forward Mohamed Salah will have recovered from his shoulder injury in three weeks which would allow him to play in their final group game at the World Cup in Russia.
The 25-year-old suffered a heavy fall in a challenge with Real Madrid defender Sergio Ramos while playing for Liverpool in the Champions League final against Real Madrid on Saturday.
He left the field in tears amid serious doubts about his chances of playing for Egypt at their first World Cup since 1990.
But the Egyptian FA was more optimistic after Salah met the national team doctor in Spain.
“The (Egyptian) football association confirms once again ... Salah will be in the World Cup, God willing, and won't be absent for more than three weeks,” it said on Twitter without giving further details.
Egypt begin their World Cup campaign against Uruguay on 15 June, before facing hosts Russia on June 19 and Saudi Arabia on June 25.
On Sunday, Salah posted a message saying: “It was a very tough night, but I'm a fighter. Despite the odds, I'm confident that I'll be in Russia to make you all proud. Your love and support will give me the strength I need.”
Egypt reached the tournament after Salah scored a 95th- minute penalty to help them beat Congo 2-1 in October.
Earlier on Wednesday, Liverpool physiotherapist Ruben Pons was quoted by the Spanish sports paper Marca as saying that Salah would be out for up to four weeks.
“He is sad about what happened but is totally focused on recovery, seeing when he can be ready,” he said.
“In principle it will be between three and four weeks but we will try to reduce those dates, that's the big goal,” Pons added.
Salah, who scored 44 goals in a sensational first season for Liverpool after joining from AS Roma, was voted Player of the Year by the Football Writers' Association this month, completing a sweep of England's individual prizes and becoming the first African player to win the prestigious award.
ROME (Reuters) - Italy's anti-establishment 5-Star Movement on Wednesday called for eurosceptic economist Paola Savona to withdraw his candidacy as economy minister to help the possible formation of a government.
Savona was proposed to head the key ministry by 5-Star and the far-right League as part of a coalition government that seemed poised to take office last week, but the head of state vetoed Savona due to his views on the euro.
"It's surprising that Paolo Savona, a person of great culture and a fine political sense, has not yet taken the decision to withdraw," said Laura Castelli, a lawmaker close to 5-Star leader Luigi Di Maio.
The League has continued to insist that Savona should be part of any government it plays a role in, while President Sergio Mattarella has not withdrawn his veto, resulting in political stalemate.
(Reporting By Gavin Jones)
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed.
Barnaby Joyce's decision to accept money - reportedly $150,000 - from Channel Seven in return for giving an interview about his relationship with his former staffer Vikki Campion, calls into question his fitness for public office.
It betrays a complete lack of understanding of the convention that in democratic political systems, public officials are accountable through the media to the people. That responsibility to be accountable comes with public office. It is not a marketable commodity.
To treat it as such is a fundamental breach of the professional ethics of a public officeholder.
So far, his fellow Coalition MPs have failed to come to grips with this central problem. While none of those who have spoken publicly have tried to defend Joyce's decision, most have either equivocated or contented themselves with general statements of disapproval.
Former Deputy Prime Minister Barnaby Joyce and his partner Vikki Campion have given a tell-all interview that will be screened on Channel 7's Sunday Night program, amid speculation that Mr Joyce may quit politics. Picture: Channel 7 Barnaby takes personal leave after mega TV deal
Michael McCormack, Deputy Prime Minister and leader of the National Party, which Joyce represents in the seat of New England, told ABC radio he would "have a yarn" to Joyce, as if it were some casual matter of no particular importance.
Malcolm Turnbull, who previously got himself in hot water by preaching morals to Barnaby Joyce about marital fidelity, this time is saying he will be "circumspect" and speak to him in private.
To date, only the Financial Services Minister, Kelly O'Dwyer, has spoken her mind publicly, saying she believed most Australians would be "disgusted" by Joyce's behaviour.
As if it couldn't get any worse, has Joyce now hung Vikki Campion out to dry, saying it was she who made the decision to accept the money.
From a professional ethics perspective, it makes no difference which of them made the decision.
The fact is their relationship became a matter of legitimate public interest once it was revealed it led to the expenditure of public money in finding Campion a government job outside Joyce's office, given her presence inside it had become untenable because of their affair.
Several other factors added to the legitimate public interest in the matter, because in the end they brought about his resignation as deputy prime minister:
his poor judgement in allowing the relationship with Campion to develop as it did while she remained on his staff;
his prevarication on the question of whether she was actually his partner at various relevant times;
his deplorable public airing of doubt about the child's paternity, and
his determination to cling to office in the face of sustained pressure from his colleagues that he should go.
In a democratic society, public officials are held to account for mistakes like these. The media are the primary means by which this is done: that is what is meant by the term the "fourth estate". It does not rest on formal legal power but on a convention that has its roots in 18th century English constitutional arrangements.
When a convention that is so central to the working of democracy is flouted, as it has been here, both parties - Joyce and Channel Seven - are seriously at fault.
To reduce these abstractions to everyday language, if someone says: "I was paid to say that" the ordinary reasonable person is entitled to disbelieve what was paid for.
When that happens in an exchange between a public official and a media outlet, the accountability required by convention is subverted.
As for Channel Seven, it is subject to the television industry code of practice. It is a limited document, silent on the ethical issues raised here.
Now, the code needs to be amended to make this kind of arrangement a breach punishable by the imposition of a condition on the broadcaster's licence.
This makes it a matter for the broadcasting regulator, the Australian Communications and Media Authority, which is required to approve the code and is empowered to have it reviewed.
Meanwhile, we may sit back and marvel at the hypocrisy involved, as Campion complains to the Australian Press Council about the newspapers' breach of privacy in reporting her pregnancy, while she and Joyce take money from a television channel to tell even more about it.
And Joyce blames it all on the absence of a general right to sue for breach of privacy. If there had been such a law, he says, then he and Campion would not have been subject to invasive drones and paparazzi stakeouts at their home. If they had not been persecuted like that, they would not have felt the need to be compensated by selling their story.
The logic is not persuasive, but if he survives in office, perhaps Joyce could bring forward a private member's bill introducing a tort of privacy.
Denis Muller is a Senior Research Fellow in the Centre for Advancing Journalism, University of Melbourne. This article first appeared here at The Conversation.
Munnabhai Ranbir is uncannily accurate. pic.twitter.com/GWAZR6py4h — Sahil Rizwan (@SahilRiz) April 24, 2018
Every Youtube Vlogger Ever. pic.twitter.com/2UeWetLF3b — Sapan Verma (@sapanv) April 24, 2018
Making different profiles to stalk your ex after she blocks you. pic.twitter.com/asU4NhLRVe — Pakchikpak Raja Babu (@HaramiParindey) April 24, 2018
By the poster it looks like a biopic of Kamal Hassan. pic.twitter.com/4ek3iKUuTk — Akshay (@AkshayKatariyaa) April 24, 2018
IPCC Questions vs CA final Questions pic.twitter.com/l2sHuG2l71 — M A N I S H W A G H E L A (@iManishWaghela) April 24, 2018
Who is a better Vaastav Sanjay Dutt?
RT for Vasooli Bhai
Fav for Ranbir Kapoor pic.twitter.com/JdFCOyvnTy — Adi Na Dhin Dha (@Brewkenstein) April 24, 2018
Difference between answer sheets of roll number 23, 24, 25, 26 and 27 pic.twitter.com/CHH2Te8a9z — Bade Chote (@badechote) April 24, 2018
When Salman says "aaj gaadi tera bhai chalayega" pic.twitter.com/hG3RIIkUpw — Bollywood Gandu (@BollywoodGandu) April 24, 2018
When you make different accounts to get free subscription. pic.twitter.com/fAT38l4G3h — Angoor Stark 🍇 (@ladywithflaws) April 24, 2018
On Tuesday, Fox Star Hindi dropped the official teaser of one of the most-awaited movies of the year-- 'Sanju'.From drug addiction to brushes with the underworld, to losing loved ones, Sanjay Dutt's life is the stuff of movies.Directed by Rajkumar Hirani, Ranbir Kapoor will play the conflicted artiste and Bollywood's original bad boy.The biopic film also stars Anushka Sharma, Sonam Kapoor, Dia Mirza, and Manisha Koirala in key roles.As soon as the teaser hit the Internet, Ranbir Kapoor's Sanjay Dutt avatar spread on Twitter like wildfire. The teaser has also garnered over 300K views on YouTube in no time.And, well, the meme factory churned out some hilarious memes.
UNITED NATIONS, Aug 15 (APP): Pakistani Sachal Jazz Ensemble gave an exhilarating performance before a jam-packed UN General Assembly Hall, with a blend of traditional and modern music, as Pakistan celebrated the 70th anniversary of its independence at the world stage.
The prestigious gold-and-blue Hall resounded with slogans of “Pakistan
Zinda Bad” and “Jeeway, Jeeway Pakistan” as Pakistan's Ambassador to the UN, Maleeha Lodhi, welcomed to the concert a galaxy of ambassadors and representatives of a number of countries as well as members of Pakistani community.
Introducing the acclaimed group to the distinguished audience,
Ambassador Lodhi said, “The music from the Sachal Jazz Ensemble you will hear tonight is part of the cultural renaissance underway in Pakistan today, in art, music and literature.”
Calling it a reflection of a vibrant society undiminished by many
challenges, she said, “This profusion of creative voices also reflects the confidence of a new generation of Pakistanis, proud of its traditions but also connected to the wider world.”
UN Deputy Secretary General Amina Mohammed, who was the chief guest, praised Pakistan's positive role and its contribution to United Nations efforts to promote peace and stability in the world.
“We recognize Pakistan's outstanding contributions to the work of the
United Nations, including being elected seven times to the Security Council,” she said.
“We commend Pakistan's remarkable dedication to the United Nations
peacekeeping — with more than 7,000 Pakistanis serving as blue helmets today — and more than 170,000 who have served over the decades.
“We applaud Pakistan's commitment to sustainable development — and its pledge to make Sustainable Development Goals its own national goals.”
Pointing out that she was raised in the same place that later gave birth
to Boko Haram militant group, Amina Mohammed said, “I know what it's like to see your home maligned and misunderstood because it was hijacked by those who sought to give us a face that is not ours but that of extremists, lost souls.'
“Tonight, we embrace the narrative of peace, culture, diversity, honour.
Tonight, as we celebrate Pakistan, we also celebrate what makes us unique and what makes us United.”
Noting that the jazz great Dave Brubeck was a big fan if the Sachal Jazz Ensembe, the UN deputy secretary-general said, Jazz unites continents, transcends barriers, and thrives on collaboration, creativity and innovation.
“What better place to celebrate that than here in this great town hall
of the world's people.”
In her remarks, Ambassador Maleeha Lodhi said Pakistan was home to one of the world's oldest Civilizations like Mohenjo Daro and Taxila, among others.
‘At the cross-roads of cultures and civilizations, the infusion of
ideas, thought and intellect, have enriched the tapestry of our identity and national soul,” she said.
“Inspired by such rich civilizational roots, the vision of our founding
fathers and the resilience of our people, my country has forged ahead to make progress in virtually every area of life and to take our rightful place as a respected member of the international community.” The story of Pakistan was an unremitting tale of the courage and conviction of its people, who have continued to defy all odds, not only to achieve a homeland of their own, but also in preserving their hopes and aspirations in times of hardship and uncertainty.
“From the majestic heights of the Himalayas to the rich and fertile
plains of Central and Southern Pakistan, it is this indomitable spirit that has enabled my people to navigate the pathways of daily life, with the confidence that no challenge is insurmountable to the scale of their ambition.” the Pakistani envoy said.
Drawing on the growing strength of a robust democracy, and an improved security environment, and driven by a stable and crisis-free macro-economic environment and strong domestic demand, Pakistan had achieved a remarkable economic turnaround and was set on an upward trajectory of growth.
The Pakistani envoy said the emergence of a vibrant middle class was
laying the foundations of Pakistan's long-term economic progress and sustainable democracy.
“Music, it is rightly said, transcends borders and helps to build
bridges across culture. It is therefore an invaluable medium to promote understanding between civilizations,” she said.
“Today, this is needed more than ever. At a time when we see the rise of intense xenophobia and hear talk of building walls and barriers nothing is more important than the need to listen to each other, build respect for the “other” and promote greater engagement across cultures. It is by enhancing our understanding of the values of cultural diversity that helps us to learn to live together better.”
Ambassador Lodhi said events such as today's music performance would contribute to that process and promote that critical exchange of culture, which deepens mutual respect and understanding.
Led by master flutist Baqir Abbas, the music produced by the ensemble
mesmerized the world community for about an hour and half hour with its popular tracks including its founder Izzat Majeed's Shalamar, Dave Brubeck's Classic Take Five, Lahore Jazz and Tere Ishaq Nachaya.
The evening was rounded off the highly popular track Shahbaz Qalandar that brought the audience to their feet.
The concert, organized by the Pakistan Mission to the UN, was
oversubscribed and attracted people from all walks of life and across all nationalities. It was largely-attended by diplomats, UN officials, members of the civil society organizations, institutions of performing arts, international media and Pakistani diaspora.
Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) Prime Minister Nechirvan Barzani said yesterday the PKK terrorist group uses northern Iraq to attack Turkey.
In statements following a cabinet meeting, Barzani said he wants to visit Turkey to improve relations that deteriorated after the KRG independence referendum, adding that in a phone call he congratulated President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan for his victory in the June 24 presidential election. Answering a question about Turkish military operations inside KRG territory, Barzani stressed that the reason for the operations should be well-known to everyone. "The PKK uses KRG land it occupies as a base to attack Turkey," Barzani said. He asserted, "We never accept the use of our land to attack Turkey and Iran."
Since March, Turkey has intensified operations against the terrorist PKK in northern Iraq, particularly in the Qandil mountains where the group's headquarters are located.
Ankara has said that it has communicated with Iraqi counterparts in Baghdad about its operation. The Qandil mountains, located roughly 40 kilometers southeast of the Turkish border in Iraq's Irbil province, are used as headquarters for the PKK and its Iranian affiliate, the Kurdistan Free Life Party (PJAK), despite the area being under the de jure control of the KRG.
The Iraqi army launched an offensive to retake the disputed territories that had come under KRG control in 2014 as a response to the independence referendum held on Sept. 25, 2017, by the semi-autonomous KRG.
U.S. senator visits Iraq,
praises Turkey's role in regionU.S. Senator Lindsey Graham on Wednesday said armed militias constituted a "challenge" to Iraq's incoming government, while praising Ankara's role in contributing to regional stability.
Speaking at a press conference at the U.S. Embassy in Baghdad, Graham said the Daesh terrorist group could only be decisively defeated by "a strong [Iraqi] economy and educational system." He stressed the difficulties associated with defeating the terrorist group without a U.S. military presence in Iraq and Syria. Nevertheless, Graham went on to assert that Iraq's security situation had "greatly improved" in recent months. Commenting on the U.S. military presence in Syria, the Republican senator added: "We have spoken to President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan about Turkey's concerns regarding our presence in Syria. He added that Turkey "can serve as a force for stability in the region."
Graham added that the "major challenge" to Iraq's next government would be how to deal with the many armed groups currently operating in the country and how to incorporate them into the Iraqi Armed Forces.
When film critic Anupama Chopra had a discussion on sexism in the comedy industry previously, the panel consisted of just one woman comedian— Aditi Mittal and five male comedians.
The 1:5 ratio on the table turned the discussion into an ironical representation of discrimination against women in the stand-up scene.
Chopra probably took her cue from the reactions of people who were perturbed about the composition of the previous panel.
So, for her next discussion, she invited four leading singers from the Indian music industry to discuss the gender politics that has allowed an Arijit Singh to happen, who is singing almost every song nowadays. The prevalent question was: why there is no female equivalent for him?
Neeti Mohan, Neha Bhasin, Aditi Singh Sharma and Jonita Gandhi, all sat together to expose some ridiculous truths and tactics used by the music industry.
We are not complaining about the panel anymore, but having a few male singers on the panel to discuss the issue that involves them as deeply as their counterparts, would have given the debate more dimension and perspective.
That's the thing about discussing issues like sexism, they need to be balanced enough to be taken seriously. Also with issues as pertinent as this, viewers and readers are quick to form opinions in seconds, which is why it is best to be as inclusive as possible, while inviting people.
As soon as the discussion starts, Bhasin thanks Anupama Chopra for discerning the absence of a female equivalent of an Arijit Singh in the industry. Mohan joins by adding that there are not enough female songs in films. Now, it is true that films generally have more male songs than female ones, but to pretend like Singh is a phenomenon that sprung up overnight and became a singing sensation, is ignorant.
Singh was first seen in the singing reality show called Fame Gurukul in 2005. He was eliminated from the show and it was only in 2011 that Singh resurfaced in the limelight with his Bollywood music debut 'Phir Mohabbat' in Murder 2.
To discuss the gender politics that hinder women singers from achieving what they are capable of is completely fair, but to associate it with a male singer is being short-sighted about it.
We need to acknowledge how the entertainment industry often functions in phases. In the late 90s and early 2000s, singer Alka Yagnik usually graced the cover of almost every film album. Having sung over 2,400 songs, Yagnik's career has spanned over 3 decades. She is still seen judging reality shows and dropping hits every now and then (remember Tum Saath Ho?).
It was strange how a Yagnik, a Sunidhi Chauhan or a Shreya Ghoshal were not brought up in the discussion.
However, the panel did dish out some unbelievable truths about the music community. Mohan claimed that sometimes they just have two lines in a duet and Gandhi quickly added that usually they are required to sing those two lines in an uncomfortable pitch.
Her statement instantly brings back memories of singer Suzanne D'Mello belting out her notes in the highest pitch possible in the 2009 song 'Surili Akhiyon Wale' opposite Rahat Fateh Ali Khan unintelligibly. The fact remains that this industry does not know how to use and manage talent.
Bhasin quickly added that the day actresses start standing up for themselves is the day when women singers will have full songs to them. Therefore, it all comes down to what we already know, women standing up for women is the first and foremost step towards gender equality.
Watch the video here:
Alessandra Dreyer likes to just go where life takes her, whether that's almost getting a master's in folk studies or turning 30 and deciding to move across the country. Until she makes that move, though, the Washington native is a gallery attendant co-coordinator for the Smithsonian American Art Museum.
How did you come to work at a museum?
Well, I started with a show at the Hirshhorn and ended up staying on for the Ai Wei Wei show and a few other things. After that, I moved over to [my current position]. I'm going to be here for a little while longer. And then I'm going to see what California has to offer.
Oh, you're moving? Why California?
Why not? I'm 30, I have no dependents, why not just do something different? And California seemed different enough.
So, you just hit 30 and were like, ‘I'm ready to do something else.'
Literally that. I turned 30 and I was like, ‘I need to do something different for a year. I'm going to try out California.' If something sticks, great. If not, I can just come back.
What's it like working in a museum?
It's actually like any nice retail gig, honestly. People always want something more glamorous than that, but the area I work in is very much high-end retail — you're dealing with visitors every day, answering questions and occasionally you lead them to the gift shop where they spend money. Don't get me wrong, I love it. It's a great job, but it's like any other job you have.
What's the most fun part of your job?
I really love when a kid comes up to me and asks a question. And they get that look in their eye when you tell them something that's activated something in their brain. That's the best moment. And there can be a tendency to brush them off, but it's like, no, if you've got their attention, absorb it and milk it for all it's worth.
Do you have a personal favorite museum?
I would honestly say the National Museum of African American History and Culture. Point one for it: It's got the best cafeteria out of all of them. But it's also such a tribute to what community engagement can do to make a museum work.
I noticed in your Twitter bio said “recovering folklorist.” What does that mean?
Oh, I was on a different path for a while. I was getting a master's in folk studies, but I ended up going into a different field. That's really it. I ended up in Kentucky for about a year studying folklore and it was interesting. It was also very — I'm not the most religious Jew, but it's really noticeable when you're the only Jew there.
How would you describe your Jewish identity?
Laughable. [Laughs] I'm an interfaith kid, raised with Chanukah and Christmas. Both of my parents really just wanted to instill values and spirituality, but they didn't care what umbrella that fell under. So, I've sort of formed an identity for myself that's a little bit Jewish, a little bit Lutheran and a little bit of whatever interests me. I always say I'm more culturally Jewish.
What aspects of the Jewish part did you keep?
Tikkun olam is what I live my life by and what I try to filter my worldview through.
When you're not working, what else are you doing?
I'm learning how to brew beer right now.
What kind of beers do you like to brew?
I like doing weird ones. So, right now I'm doing an Earl Grey IPA. I like trying to find ways to introduce florals into my beer. Lavender can pair really well with a lot of different kinds of beer. I'm trying to figure out how to do a lavender saison right now.
Once you've made a batch of beer, what do you do with it?
I drink it. That's literally it. I mean, I have friends come over and taste it and give opinions on it. It's something I'm still in the process of learning how to do. What the future may hold in a few years is a whole different story. I would love to maybe get to the point where I could have my own brewery. But right now I'm just playing around and seeing what happens.
There are not a lot of women doing home brewing. So that's cool.
Yeah, there is a stereotype of a homebrewer and I know I don't fit that really. But I enjoy it. I love cooking, I love baking and this feels almost like a natural subsection. The thing is, women used to be the primary brewers up until like the ‘70s.
You're just following in the footsteps of our foremothers.
Our fore-drinkers.
Have a suggestion for a Should Know profile? Candidates must be ages 21-40. Tell us what makes that person so interesting: hmonicken@midatlanticmedia.com.
WASHINGTON: A Russian man accused of operating a network of infected computers used by cyber criminals has been extradited to the United States from Spain and will make an initial court appearance on Friday, the U.S. Department of Justice said.
U.S. prosecutors said Peter Levashov, 37, ran the Kelihos botnet, a network of more than 100,000 infected devices used by cyber criminals to distribute viruses, ransomware, phishing emails and other spam attacks.
Levashov denies the charges in an eight-count indictment handed down by a federal grand jury in Connecticut in April.
Levashov, who fought the extradition, told Spain's High Court in September that he had worked for Russian President Vladimir Putin's United Russia party for the last 10 years, Russia's RIA news agency reported.
He told the court that investigators in the United States would torture him for information about his political work if he was sent there to face the charges, RIA said.
Levashov was charged by U.S. prosecutors with causing intentional damage to a protected computer and wire fraud, which carry a potential prison sentence of up to 52 years if he is convicted at trial.
Advertisement
Advertisement
He was arrested while on holiday in Barcelona last April and in October, Spain's High Court granted a U.S. request to extradite him. Levashov was scheduled to appear in court in Bridgeport, Connecticut, the Justice Department said.
(Reporting by Eric Beech; Editing by Mohammad Zargham and Grant McCool)
(CNN) – Democratic Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand of New York told CNN on Monday that President Donald Trump should resign over allegations of sexual assault.
“President Trump has committed assault, according to these women, and those are very credible allegations of misconduct and criminal activity, and he should be fully investigated and he should resign,” Gillibrand told CNN's Christiane Amanpour in an exclusive interview.
“These allegations are credible; they are numerous, ” said Gillibrand, a leading voice in Congress for combating sexual assault in the military. “I've heard these women's testimony, and many of them are heartbreaking.”
If he does not “immediately resign,” she said, Congress “should have appropriate investigations of his behavior and hold him accountable.”
Responding to UN Ambassador Nikki Haley saying Sunday that Trump's accusers “should be heard,” Gillibrand said, “Not only should women be heard, but they should be believed.”
White House press secretary Sarah Sanders responded to Haley's comments at the press briefing Monday, where she reiterated that Trump “thinks it's a good thing that women are coming forward” but noted that he denies the allegations. “As the President said himself, he thinks it's a good thing that women are coming forward but he also feels strongly that a mere allegation shouldn't determine the course,” Sanders said. “And in this case, the President has denied any of these allegations, as have eyewitnesses … several reports have shown those eyewitnesses also back up the President's claim in this process, and again the American people knew this and voted for the President and we feel like we're ready to move forward in this process.”
James Goold, center, chairman of the RPM Nautical Foundation, talks with David Ruff, left, of the not-for-profit US Institute of Nautical Archaeology research organization, and Neritan Ceka, Albanian archaeologist, before the start of the Albanian underwater archaeology conference in Tirana, Albania, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. Researchers are urging Albanian authorities to build a museum to display hundreds of Roman and Greek artefacts and ancient shipwrecks that are sitting under Albania's barely explored coastline. Lazar Semini AP Photo
Share:
TAMPA - Hurricane Maria, which pummeled Puerto Rico in September 2017, is likely responsible for the deaths of more than 4,600 people, some 70 times more than official estimates, US researchers said Tuesday.
The government-provided death toll stands at just 64, but experts say an accurate count was complicated by the power outages and widespread devastation wreaked by the storm, which caused $90 billion in damage and is ranked as the third costliest cyclone in the United States since 1900.
Earlier independent investigations had put the true toll at closer to 1,000. But the latest estimate, compiled by researchers at Harvard University, came back far higher - at 4,645 deaths from the day of the storm, September 20, until December 31, 2017.
For comparison, the death toll from 2005's Hurricane Katrina - the costliest hurricane in US history - was far lower, estimated at 1,833.
Most deaths after Hurricane Maria hit Puerto Rico are blamed on interruptions in medical care due to power outages and blocked or washed out roads, said the report published in the New England Journal of Medicine.
“Approximately one-third of post-hurricane deaths were reported by household members as being caused by delayed or prevented access to medical care,” said the report.
Researchers went door-to-door at 3,299 homes randomly selected from across the US territory, home to some 3.3 million people.
Survey-takers used criteria from the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to determine if a person's death could be blamed on the hurricane.
By definition, this could be either forces related to the event such as flying debris, or unsafe or unhealthy conditions in the three months afterward, including loss of necessary medical services.
The surveys were taken from January to February 2018, a time when, researchers noted, “many survey respondents were still without water and electricity.”
To avoid bias, people were not paid for their responses, and were informed that their answers would not gain them any additional government aid. If a family member was reported missing but not known to be deceased, researchers counted them as alive.
The data showed a 62 percent increase in the mortality rate in the aftermath of Hurricane Maria, compared to the same period a year earlier, corresponding to a total of 4,645 deaths.
Even this is believed to be a “substantial underestimate” of the actual death count, said the report, noting it could be above 5,700. It said this was because no one could answer the survey questions for those people who had been living on their own and died during the storm.
“Our estimates are roughly consistent with press reports that evaluated deaths in the first month after the hurricane,” it added.
“On average, households went 84 days without electricity, 64 days without water, and 41 days without cellular telephone coverage,” the report added.
Researchers said they were unable to compare their estimates with the latest government count, because their request for access to those figures was denied.
The government of Puerto Rico stopped publicly sharing its data on hurricane deaths in December 2017.
“These numbers will serve as an important independent comparison to official statistics from death registry data, which are currently being re-evaluated, and underscore the inattention of the US government to the frail infrastructure of Puerto Rico,” concluded the report.
Lana Del Rey, Solange and Justice are among the artists booked for Tyler the Creator's sixth annual Camp Flog Gnaw Carnival, the rapper announced Monday afternoon.
Set for Oct. 28-29 at Exposition Park, the festival is produced by Tyler the Creator and Goldenvoice. The event will also feature performances from ASAP Rocky, Kid Cudi, Migos, Kehlani, 2 Chainz and Mac Miller.
Kamaiyah, Earl Sweatshirt, Vince Staples, the Internet, Willow & Jaden Smith, Kelis, 6lack, Kelela, Trash Talk, Jorja Smith and Terror Jr. are also featured on the bill.
As customary, Tyler the Creator will headline. Last year's sold-out Carnival featured ASAP Rocky, Lil Wayne, Erykah Badu, Chance the Rapper and Schoolboy Q.
General admission weekend passes are $208 and VIP passes are $368 (fees not included), and each comes with free access to carnival rides. VIP tickets include a wristband good for entry to both days, access to an exclusive clubhouse, and a merch package.
Additionally, those interested in carnival games can purchase an unlimited play day pass for $65. Tickets for the Carnival go on sale noon Thursday through the festival's official site.
See the most-read stories in Entertainment this hour »
CAPTION Kenneth Turan reviews "Wind River," directed by Taylor Sheridan and starring Jeremy Renner and Elizabeth Olsen. Video by Jason H. Neubert. Kenneth Turan reviews "Wind River," directed by Taylor Sheridan and starring Jeremy Renner and Elizabeth Olsen. Video by Jason H. Neubert. CAPTION Kenneth Turan reviews "Wind River," directed by Taylor Sheridan and starring Jeremy Renner and Elizabeth Olsen. Video by Jason H. Neubert. Kenneth Turan reviews "Wind River," directed by Taylor Sheridan and starring Jeremy Renner and Elizabeth Olsen. Video by Jason H. Neubert. CAPTION Justin Chang reviews "Columbus," directed by Kogonada and starring John Cho and Haley Lu Richardson. Video by Jason H. Neubert. Justin Chang reviews "Columbus," directed by Kogonada and starring John Cho and Haley Lu Richardson. Video by Jason H. Neubert. CAPTION "Step" tells the inspirational story of Baltimore teens' triumph against the odds. "Step" tells the inspirational story of Baltimore teens' triumph against the odds. CAPTION Rebecca Sugar, Zach Callison, Deedee Magno Hall and Michaela Dietz stop by the L.A. Times' Comic-Con studio to talk "Steven Universe" (and sing some songs). Rebecca Sugar, Zach Callison, Deedee Magno Hall and Michaela Dietz stop by the L.A. Times' Comic-Con studio to talk "Steven Universe" (and sing some songs). CAPTION Watch "Steven Universe" creator Rebecca Sugar perform "Be Wherever You Are." Watch "Steven Universe" creator Rebecca Sugar perform "Be Wherever You Are."
gerrick.kennedy@latimes.com
For more music news follow me on Twitter:@GerrickKennedy
LAHORE - Many people in Lahore defied police crackdown and celebrated the New Year night in a ‘befitting manner' by resorting to aerial firing, organising dance parties, and staging music concerts in posh areas.
Dozens of “troublemakers” were detained during raids in low-income neighborhoods but police were seen on security or protocol duties in the elite localities where most of the parties were taking place.
The trend of celebrating New Year night with “colourful activities” has picked up momentum in recent years. There was huge economic activity in the city's downtown. Like previous years, liquor, drugs, parties, item girls, and aerial firing were the salient features of the New Year night in Lahore.
Last week, the provincial metropolis witnessed record sale of liquor. Almost all the leading hotels and guesthouses in town were full with guests on the eve of NY night. The panic buying triggered shortage of liquor on Saturday night and bootleggers sold local, Indian, and foreign brands on inflated rates.
Stage dancers were in high-demand and the ‘item girls' were booked on almost double rates. The guesthouses and hotels located in posh localities like Gulberg, Defense, Model Town, and Johar Town had no more space to accommodate the new customers.
A good number of farmhouses actually became an ideal spot for partygoers. Although police raided some dance parties in the low-income neighborhoods yet cops were seen on security-cum-protocol duties at parties attended by city's elite.
This all happened under the nose of top police officers and in the city of Punjab chief minister Shehbaz Sharif. Insiders say the police were ordered not to raid dance parties in posh areas unless the participants create trouble for the local population.
Guesthouses, hotels, and rest houses were given freehand since they bribe police on monthly basis. The police also hesitate in raiding farmhouses run by city's elite in various part of the metropolis. On the other hand, the police never raid leading hotels or motels.
A great number of young men riding on motorcycles came on city roads to celebrate the night in traditional manner. Those riding in cars were seen dancing on music amid traffic jumbles. There were hundreds of police deployed on roads but they were unable to control to the mess.
One week ago, the city police launched a crackdown across Lahore to stop aerial firing, one-wheeling, and the sale of liquor. Police arrested dozens of bootleggers, drug peddlers, and gamblers during the week-long campaign. But the crackdown failed to stop people from celebrating the event.
Unfortunately, the raids were conducted in low-income areas and those arrested were poor people. Officers filed criminal cases against them as they were caught with prostitutes or police seized a few bottles of liquor or drugs from their possession.
For an instance, city police arrested a few dozen people including young women as cops raided dance parties or rest houses in Wahdat Colony, Harbanspura, Shahdara Town, Mozang, and Nishtar Colony. Most of the dance parties were arranged in the posh areas where the guests were influential persons. They were served “all items” under police protocol.
Many young men of elite families were seen celebrating the event with friends in the latest model cars while roaming on city roads. However, the police crackdown was only meant for the poor. Cops thrashed several motorcyclists on the Mall road, Jail road and Main Boulevard Gulberg as they failed to control the flow of traffic on the important arteries.
A spokesman for the Lahore police yesterday said that the police while taking action against troublemakers and eve teasers seized more than 1314 motorcycles (Honda 125).
“At least 11 persons were arrested for doing wheelie and 10 cases were registered against them,” the spokesman said. “Police also arrested 48 people for aerial firing and 23 cases were registered against them in different police stations.” Also, police seized firearms from their possession.
Every year, the sale of liquor and bookings at brothels and hotels increases manifold ahead of the New Year night event in Lahore. The elite of the town plans dance parties at farmhouses, mostly located in the suburbs of the provincial metropolis.
According to hotel managers, sever cold did not affect their business as they received more orders from the customers. Leading restaurants located in Gulberg, Model Town, and Defense area plan parties on the eve of New Year night.
The bootleggers this time noticed high-demand of various Indian and foreign brands in addition to locally made alcohol. Even, a bottle of locally made liquor was sold at Rs1000 to Rs 1250 in the black market.
Police deployed more than 5000 cops across the city to control eve-teasers and those who may go ‘overdose' while celebrating the event with friends. The female dancers were in high-demand despite the middlemen increased the rates two times high for the night.
Since night-clubs and gambling dens are banned in the country and prohibited under the law, guesthouses and hotels have become a substitute source of ‘entertainment.' Like previous years, the elite of town planned parties at the farmhouses on the Raiwind Road, Canal Road, Barki, Bedian and Defense Road.
A great number of rest houses located in Gulberg and Defense Housing Authority were in fact operating as brothels, police sources said. All party items from alcohol to prostitutes were offered to the clients with guarantee of no-police-raid at some guesthouses.
The police would raid and ransack the party only if the ‘concerned officials' are not paid their due share, a party-organizer said. According to him, the popular guesthouses located in the posh localities had stopped more bookings because of high-demand of dancers and prostitutes on that night.
There was huge rush of shoppers outside the barrooms in the premises of city's top hotels on Thursday and Saturday. At least four leading hotels are running barrooms with liquor of various brands on sale in abundant.
In addition to liquor and whiskey, the youth belonging to the City's elite also consume recreational drugs to celebrate the event that comes once in year. On such occasions, the police play hide and seek with the bootleggers and middlemen associated with the prostitution trade to grab bribe. Generally, the policemen step up patrolling around the leading hotels and brothels to nab the bootleggers and other clients.
Olympic champion Usain Bolt believes that failure to win his last race in athletics did not tarnish his many other championship victories. (0:31)
LONDON -- Forget all the world records for a moment. Forget, if you can, all the Olympic golds, the excitement he brought to the sport, the sheer presence that for 12 years injected much-needed excitement into track and field. When you break down Usain Bolt's dominance, examine the details of what he did and how he did it, it becomes clear why we might never see an athlete like him again.
Bolt was literally the biggest thing sprinting has ever seen
At 6-foot-5 and 208 pounds, Bolt is by far the largest man to ever hold the 100-meter world record. The enormous length of Bolt's strides allowed him to finish races in fewer steps, and his power helped him maintain the stride turnover rate of smaller men.
The Jamaican legend's closest competitor in terms of longevity, dominance and Olympic medals is Carl Lewis, who was 3 inches and more than 30 pounds smaller. No record-holder comes within 2 inches of Bolt's height; most are shorter by about half a foot. Calvin Smith, who set the record in 1983, was more than 50 pounds lighter. All that mass also provided a mental edge.
"Standing at 6-5, that's intimidating," said Justin Gatlin.
Bolt vs. other 100-meter world-record holders
His margins of victory
Another sign of Bolt's dominance. Going back to 1983, when world championship meets were added to the Olympic slate, Bolt's average margin of victory in championship races is 32 percent larger than other winners. In other words, Bolt left 100-meter competitors further in his wake than anyone else.
Usain Bolt's 100-meter wins (in seconds)* Year Bolt 2nd place 2008 9.69 9.89 2009 9.58 9.71 2012 9.63 9.75 2013 9.77 9.85 2015 9.79 9.80 2016 9.81 9.89 AVG. MARGIN: .103 *At World Championships and Olympics
Bolt was never tainted by track's doping scandals
Of the seven men who have run 9.80 seconds or better in the 100, Bolt is the only one who has never tested positive for performance-enhancing drugs.
Who Ran 9.80 Or Better Rank Time Runner Country Location Date 1 9.58 Usain Bolt JAM Berlin 16.08.2009 2 9.63 Usain Bolt JAM London 05.08.2012 3 9.69 Usain Bolt JAM Beijing 16.08.2008 3 9.69 Tyson Gay USA Shanghai 20.09.2009 3 9.69 Yohan Blake JAM Lausanne 23.08.2012 6 9.71 Tyson Gay USA Berlin 16.08.2009 7 9.72 Usain Bolt JAM New York City 31.05.2008 7 9.72 Asafa Powell JAM Lausanne 02.09.2008 9 9.74 Asafa Powell JAM Rieti 09.09.2007 9 9.74 Justin Gatlin USA Ad-Dawhah 15.05.2015 11 9.75 Yohan Blake JAM Kingston 29.06.2012 11 9.75 Yohan Blake JAM London 05.08.2012 11 9.75 Justin Gatlin USA Roma 04.06.2015 11 9.75 Justin Gatlin USA Lausanne 09.07.2015 15 9.76 Usain Bolt JAM Kingston 03.05.2008 15 9.76 Usain Bolt JAM Bruxelles 16.09.2011 15 9.76 Usain Bolt JAM Roma 31.05.2012 15 9.76 Yohan Blake JAM Zurich 30.08.2012 19 9.77 Asafa Powell JAM Athínai 14.06.2005 19 9.77 Asafa Powell JAM Gateshead 11.06.2006 19 9.77 Asafa Powell JAM Zurich 18.08.2006 19 9.77 Tyson Gay USA Eugene 28.06.2008 19 9.77 Usain Bolt JAM Bruxelles 05.09.2008 19 9.77 Asafa Powell JAM Rieti 07.09.2008 19 9.77 Tyson Gay USA Roma 10.07.2009 19 9.77 Usain Bolt JAM Moskva 11.08.2013 19 9.77 Justin Gatlin USA Bruxelles 05.09.2014 19 9.77 Justin Gatlin USA Beijing 23.08.2015 29 9.78 Asafa Powell JAM Rieti 09.09.2007 29 9.78 Tyson Gay USA London 13.08.2010 29 9.78 Nesta Carter JAM Rieti 29.08.2010 29 9.78 Asafa Powell JAM Lausanne 30.06.2011 29 9.78 Justin Gatlin USA Monaco 17.07.2015 34 9.79 Maurice Greene USA Athínai 16.06.1999 34 9.79 Usain Bolt JAM Saint-Denis 17.07.2009 34 9.79 Tyson Gay USA Bruxelles 27.08.2010 34 9.79 Tyson Gay USA Clermont 04.06.2011 34 9.79 Usain Bolt JAM Oslo 07.06.2012 34 9.79 Justin Gatlin USA London 05.08.2012 34 9.79 Usain Bolt JAM Beijing 23.08.2015 41 9.80 Maurice Greene USA Sevilla 22.08.1999 41 9.80 Steve Mullings JAM Eugene 04.06.2011 41 9.80 Justin Gatlin USA Eugene 24.06.2012 41 9.80 Usain Bolt JAM Bruxelles 06.09.2013 41 9.80 Justin Gatlin USA Lausanne 03.07.2014 41 9.80 Justin Gatlin USA Beijing 23.08.2015 41 9.80 Justin Gatlin USA Eugene 03.07.2016
The intangibles also matter
Bolt finally was beaten in his last 100-meter race at this past week's World Athletics Championships, but that does not erase his magnificence. His world record of 9.58 in the 100 is set in stone. No current athlete is within shouting distance of his 19.19 in the 200. He won three sprint golds in three straight Olympics, when no other athlete has done that twice. (One relay gold was later revoked, due to a teammate's positive drug test.)
But just as much as these astonishing numbers, Bolt's personality set him apart -- the energy, joy and excitement he delivered every time he stepped onto the track.
After finally defeating Bolt in London, Gatlin did not exult or strut. He literally bowed down to Bolt. "It was paying homage to someone who has changed the game, who has come along and took the sport to another level," Gatlin said. "Not just sprinting, but the sport, and helped sports in general be lifted to a different plateau."
President Donald Trump and French President Emmanuel Macron during their meeting in the Cabinet Room of the White House in Washington, Tuesday, April 24, 2018. Pablo Martinez Monsivais AP Photo
David Pastrnak has two assists in four games since his six-point outburst in Game 2 against the Maple Leafs.
So, adjustments must be on the way for the Boston Bruins winger, right?
“I'm not going to change anything,” Pastrnak said on Tuesday. “I keep shooting. I'm getting chances. The goalie makes saves.
“I think that's a pretty stupid question.”
📹 David Pastrnak asked if he's going to make any adjustments to start scoring again said he's not going to change anything and that was a pretty stupid question #NHLBruins #WBZ pic.twitter.com/dbPX21T8XB — Joe Giza (@JoeGiza) April 24, 2018
Ouch.
For the Bruins, especially the top line of Patrice Bergeron between Pastrnak and Brad Marchand, it's the step between controlling the play and executing in the offensive zone that is missing.
The trio combined for 20 points in the first two games of the series. In the four games since, there's Pastrnak's two assists, while Marchand has one goal and Bergeron has no points (though he missed Game 4 with an upper-body injury).
One problem for the Bruins is their secondary scoring has not filled the void left by the Bergeron line, certainly not to a great extent.
The Bruins, their 3-1 series lead gone, practised on Tuesday.
“I don't think there is any panic in this group,” Bruins coach Bruce Cassidy said. “We have to outplay Toronto for 60 minutes. I think we have done it for long stretches early in the series. In the games we have lost, we have outplayed them.
“But we have to do it for a full 60 minutes.”
Josh Reagan Selected In 15th Round Of MLB Draft By Oakland A's
COLUMBIA, S.C. (USC SID) – South Carolina senior left-hander Josh Reagan was selected in the 15th round of the 2017 MLB Draft by the Oakland Athletics. Reagan led South Carolina in appearances with 27 on the year and was 6-2 with a 2.72 ERA as well as a pair of saves.
Reagan allowed 21 runs, 17 earned, on 49 hits in 56.1 innings with 19 walks to 51 strikeouts and opponents batting .238 against him. Reagan is now ninth in all-time appearances at Carolina with 85 in his career. Reagan won a team-high four games in SEC play.
Reagan is the fifth Gamecock to be selected in this year's draft. Clarke Schmidt went in the first round to the Yankees with Wil Crowe a second round selection by the Nationals, Tyler Johnson going in the 5th round to the White Sox and Alex Destino also going to the White Sox in the 14th round.
JOSH REAGAN BIO
2017 – Went 6-2 with two saves and a 2.72 ERA in 27 relief appearances, allowed 21 runs, 17 earned on 49 hits in 56.1 innings with 19 walks to 51 strikeouts and opponents batting .238 against him … 1.2 scoreless with three hits allowed and a walk to earn win in 3-1 victory vs. Kentucky at the SEC Tournament (5/26) … Allowed just one run on two hits with two strikeouts in 3.1 innings in 7-4 win vs. Vanderbilt at the SEC Tournament (5/23) … Tied a career-high with six strikeouts and allowed just two runs, one earned, on four hits in 3.1 innings in 5-4 loss to Georgia (5/19) … Allowed only one run on five hits in 3.2 innings in 7-6 loss at LSU (5/7) … Three scoreless innings of relief with just one hit allowed and one walk with two strikeouts to earn win in 3-2 victory at LSU (5/5) … One scoreless inning of relief in 9-4 loss to Kentucky (4/30) … 2.1 scoreless innings of relief in 5-1 win over Kentucky (4/29) … Two scoreless innings of relief with a strikeout to earn the win in 6-1 victory vs. Mississippi State (4/16) … Three scoreless innings of relief with a pair of strikeouts to earn second save of the year in 6-1 win over Vanderbilt (4/8) … Earned win in relief to improve to 3-0 in 6-5 win vs. Alabama (3/25); allowed three runs on six hits in 3.2 innings with two walks and three strikeouts … 2.1 scoreless innings with just one hit allowed and a walk with two strikeouts to earn a win in relief in 6-4 victory at Tennessee (3/18) … 2.1 innings with just one unearned run allowed on two hits with two strikeouts to earn first save of the year in 5-2 win over Michigan State (3/11) … 2.1 scoreless innings with just one hit allowed and three strikeouts in 2-0 win at Clemson (3/3) … Allowed one run on one hit with no walks and four strikeouts to earn a victory in 2.1 innings of relief in 8-4 win over Appalachian State (2/28) … 0.2 scoreless with a strikeout in 4-3 win over Wright State (2/24) … 1.1 scoreless innings of relief with just one hit allowed in 5-4 win over Charlotte (2/21) … Two scoreless innings with three strikeouts in 1-0 loss to UNCG (2/19).
2016 – Pitched in 29 games, went 3-2 with 11 saves and a 2.08 ERA, worked 56.1 innings and allowed 14 runs, 13 earned, on 34 hits with 20 walks and 50 strikeouts, opponents hit .172 against him … Named to NCBWA Stopper of the Year Award Midseason Watch List … Named to College Baseball Hall of Fame National Pitcher of the Year Award Watch List … Three innings of relief to earn a win in 10-5 victory over UNCW (6/7); allowed three runs on four hits in three innings with a walk and three strikeouts … Allowed just one run on two hits in 4.2 innings with a walk and four strikeouts in 4-2 win over Duke (6/4) … Allowed just one run on two hits in 2.2 innings of relief with a pair of strikeouts in 4-2 win over Alabama (5/20) … Allowed two runs on three hits in 4.1 innings with four walks and two strikeouts to earn win in 10-7 victory over Texas A&M (5/15) … 1.2 scoreless with just a hit allowed and two strikeouts in 10-5 win over Kentucky (5/6) … 2.1 scoreless with just one walk allowed and one strikeout in 5-1 win over Missouri for 11th save of the year (4/23) … One scoreless inning of relief for 10th save of the year in 4-3 win over Tennessee (4/10) … Two scoreless innings of relief for ninth save of the year in 7-6 win over Tennessee (4/8) … Two scoreless innings of relief with two strikeouts for eighth save of the year in 4-2 win vs. Coastal Carolina (4/5) … One perfect inning of relief with a strikeout in 10-6 loss at Vanderbilt (4/2) … One perfect inning of relief with two strikeouts in 4-0 win at Vanderbilt (4/1) … 0.2 perfect innings in 9-5 win at Ole Miss (3/25) … 1.2 scoreless innings for seventh save of the year in 5-1 win at Ole Miss (3/24) … 2.1 scoreless innings of relief with just one hit allowed and three strikeouts to earn first win of the year in 8-6 victory over Arkansas (3/20) … 0.2 scoreless in 10-6 win over Arkansas (3/18) … Two scoreless innings of relief for sixth save of the year in 2-0 win over Charleston Southern (3/13) … 1.1 scoreless innings of relief for fifth save of the year in 5-4 win over Charleston Southern (3/12) … One perfect inning of relief with a strikeout for fourth save of the year in 5-4 win over Furman (3/9) … 4.2 scoreless innings of relief with just one hit allowed, two walks and two strikeouts in 4-1 loss at Clemson (3/6) … One perfect inning of relief with two strikeouts for third save of the year in 6-3 win at The Citadel (3/1) … One scoreless inning of relief with two strikeouts for second save of the year in 4-2 win over Penn State (2/28) … One perfect inning of relief with a strikeout in 5-0 win over Appalachian State (2/23) … 1.2 perfect innings of relief with four strikeouts for first career save in 6-2 win over Albany (2/20).
2015 – Pitched in 15 games with seven starts, went 2-2 with a 4.72 ERA in 47.2 innings, allowed 27 runs, 25 earned, on 33 hits with 19 walks and 44 strikeouts … 3.2 innings of relief allowing one run on four hits with no walks and four strikeouts in 8-1 loss at LSU (5/16) … Earned a win in relief in 8-7 victory over Texas A&M (5/10); allowed four runs on three hits in 3.1 innings with a walk and two strikeouts … Allowed two runs on six hits in 4.2 innings with no walks and four strikeouts in 5-3 victory over Wofford (5/6) … 3.2 scoreless innings of relief and tied career-high with six strikeouts in 2-1 loss at Furman (4/21) … 2.1 scoreless innings of relief with three strikeouts in 7-4 loss to Presbyterian (4/14) … Carried no-hitter into 7th inning and pitched 6.2 scoreless innings with just one hit allowed, three walks and four strikeouts to earn win in 3-0 victory over Penn State (3/10) … No-decision in first start of the year, an 8-3 victory over College of Charleston (2/14); worked 5.2 innings and allowed three runs on seven hits with a walk and four strikeouts.
2014 – Pitched 14 games with a start, 3-0 with a 0.36 ERA in 25.1 innings, allowed three runs, one earned, on 25 hits with four walks and 21 strikeouts … Did not allow a run in 11 of 14 appearances … 0.1 scoreless in 10-1 loss vs. Maryland in NCAA Regional (6/1) … 2.2 scoreless with just two hits allowed and a walk in 5-3 loss at Georgia (5/4) … One scoreless inning of relief in 8-0 win vs. Davidson (4/22) … 2.2 scoreless innings of relief with just three hits allowed in 4-1 loss to Charleston Southern (4/15) … 1.1 scoreless innings with two hits allowed, a walk and three strikeouts in 7-0 loss at Arkansas (4/5) … Improved to 3-0 with a win vs. College of Charleston (3/25); pitched four innings of relief with one run allowed on two hits … 2.2 scoreless innings of relief with two strikeouts in 5-0 win over Furman (3/11) … Improved to 2-0 with win in 7-1 victory over Stetson (3/4); allowed one run, unearned, on six hits in five innings with no walks and six strikeouts … 0.2 scoreless innings in 6-0 win over Eastern Kentucky (2/23) … 2.1 scoreless innings of relief with just one hit allowed and two strikeouts to pick up first career win in 4-0 victory over Presbyterian (2/18) … 0.2 scoreless innings of relief with a strikeout in 12-0 win over Bucknell (2/16).
An Oklahoma man who gunned down a woman and her 4-year-old daughter in Long Beach and tried to kill the child's father was sentenced today to two life-without-parole prison terms, but he had to be restrained in court after trying to walk away.
Corey Perry threw both his hands in the air and pulled them to his side in jubilation.
This first goal — career No. 350 — had to feel good.
All off-season (and much of last season) Perry heard the comments. Washed up, they said. Not the same elite player.
And there was good reason to believe he had seen better days. Perry, once a 50-goal scorer and league MVP, found the back of the net just 19 times last season.
So when Perry scored twice in the Ducks' season opener Thursday — a 5-4 victory over the Arizona Coyotes after erasing a three-goal deficit — it must have been a weight off his back.
Just maybe, the old Corey Perry is back, and his subpar campaign was simply a matter of puck luck.
“I knew that question was coming, here we go,” Perry, 32, said with a laugh when last season was referenced. “Yeah, it's exciting. It's definitely a [boost] of confidence when you find the right spots. My linemates made some pretty good plays on those goals so credit to them as well.”
Perry, who added an assist, played on the top line along with Rickard Rakell and Andrew Cogliano.
The makeshift No. 1 unit — would-be top-liners Patrick Eaves and Ryan Getzlaf are on injured reserve — was involved on all but one goal, with Cogliano, Rakell and Perry each producing three-point nights.
“You want [Perry] to feel it,” Cogliano said. “When he does, he usually keeps it going. We're a team here and we need contributions from each guy. One night it might be him or it might be another guy. He did a great job. ... He was around the puck all night.”
Perry was his usual pesky self in front of the net — and behind the net too. He ran into Coyotes goalie Louis Domingue in the trapezoid, which ignited a pile-up of bodies and punches with Perry at the bottom. “You get involved right away, that's for sure,” Perry said.
And maybe this is exactly what Perry needed to jump-start his bounce-back campaign — a fracas, a couple goals and playing right wing on a line that played at a frenetic pace with the forecheck, especially in the third period.
The Ducks are missing a trio of top-six forwards right now, and two top-four defensemen. But if the Corey Perry everyone really knows, is back, just maybe the depleted Ducks can hold the fort down until the cavalry returns.
“We believe in Corey Perry,” coach Randy Carlyle said. “The commitment we're trying to portray to him is if he plays in a top role and continues to do the things we ask you to do, we think you're going to score goals. It's our job to prop him up, not tear him down.”
DUCKS NEXT UP
VS. PHILADELPHIA
When: 7 PDT.
On the air: TV: Prime Ticket; Radio: 830.
Update: The Ducks could be without Getzlaf and Eaves again as both recover from lower-body injuries. … The Flyers are 1-1 entering Saturday after a 2-0 defeat to the Kings on Thursday. … Gritty Flyers winger Wayne Simmonds scored a hat trick in Philly's team's opener Wednesday, one of a record-tying four three-goal games in the player's opener.
CAPTION In his second season with the Dodgers, Dieter Ruehle is putting a hip spin on baseball stadium organ music. In his second season with the Dodgers, Dieter Ruehle is putting a hip spin on baseball stadium organ music. CAPTION In his second season with the Dodgers, Dieter Ruehle is putting a hip spin on baseball stadium organ music. In his second season with the Dodgers, Dieter Ruehle is putting a hip spin on baseball stadium organ music. CAPTION Bill Plaschke previews game one of the NLDS between the Los Angeles Dodgers and the Arizona Diamondbacks. Bill Plaschke previews game one of the NLDS between the Los Angeles Dodgers and the Arizona Diamondbacks. CAPTION The 0-4 Chargers will face the 0-4 Giants Sunday at MetLife Stadium. Hear from quarterback Philip Rivers on both teams trying to get their first win of the season. The 0-4 Chargers will face the 0-4 Giants Sunday at MetLife Stadium. Hear from quarterback Philip Rivers on both teams trying to get their first win of the season. CAPTION Chargers beat writer Dan Woike has a new name for the Chargers when they return to StubHub ... For now, though, he discusses the upcoming battle between the winless Chargers and Giants with reporter Annie Heilbrunn. Chargers beat writer Dan Woike has a new name for the Chargers when they return to StubHub ... For now, though, he discusses the upcoming battle between the winless Chargers and Giants with reporter Annie Heilbrunn. CAPTION Los Angeles Dodgers pitcher Clayton Kershaw on short rest and how he prepares for the playoffs. Los Angeles Dodgers pitcher Clayton Kershaw on short rest and how he prepares for the playoffs.
sports@latimes.com
April 24 is one of the most sober days on the calendar for the Armenian community. Armenian Genocide Memorial Day recognizes the onset in 1915 of the campaign of extermination in the Ottoman Empire, modern-day Turkey, that killed an estimated 1.5 million Armenians.
Ara Najarian, a city councilman from Glendale, said his great-grandmother drowned herself in the Euphrates River rather than be assaulted and raped by soldiers. His grandfather survived but was an orphan raised by a Muslim Arab family before he discovered his Armenian heritage. His other grandfather also was orphaned by the atrocities and witnessed beheadings.
“Everyone has a story,” Najarian said of members of the Armenian-American diaspora after the genocide, which the government of Turkey still denies occurred.
This year, however, as Armenians gather to commemorate the 103rd anniversary of the onset of the genocide, they will be able to look forward as well as back. With the Glendale City Council's April 17 approval of site plans and a lease of up to 95 years, a “tipping point” was reached, according to Najarian, for the building of an Armenian-American Museum in downtown Glendale.
In just three years since a museum committee was created, the path is open for the creation of a $30 million, 59,800-square-foot, three-story facility. The museum, on the southwest corner of Glendale's Central Park Paseo, will be an educational and cultural center with permanent and traveling exhibits, a performing arts theater, demonstration kitchen, archives, cafe and museum store.
Los Angeles County is home to the largest Armenian community in the United States and second largest in the world outside of Armenian Russia. Although census figures estimate 166,000 of Armenian descent live in Los Angeles, many in the Armenian community feel that number could be two or three times that. Glendale — where some estimates put the Armenian population at 30 percent to 40 percent — is its hub, with numerous Armenian-American educational, religious, cultural and professional organizations.
While there have been discussions for decades about creating something to commemorate the Armenian-American experience and remember the genocide, it has been 50 years since the Armenian Genocide Martyrs Monument in Bicknell Park in Montebello was erected.
It wasn't until a committee was formed to celebrate the centennial of the Genocide Memorial Day that the plan for the Glendale museum gained traction. According to Berdj Karapetian, who chairs the executive committee for the museum, the centennial committee initially mulled memorials with lighting or water before deciding to go big with the museum.
“What we landed on was a project that would leave a legacy,” Karapetian says. “We look at this more as a way to help all different immigrant populations have a better appreciation and collaboration with each other.”
EXPAND Courtesy Alajajian and Marcoosi Architects
Archbishop Hovnan Derderian, primate of the Western Diocese of the Armenian Church of North America, said it was important that the museum be forward-looking and inclusive. “My perspective from day one with the 100th anniversary committee was to create a new chapter in the life of our community. It's to leave a new legacy not just for our community but the community at large. We want to make sure we're fully integrating.”
For that reason, leaders say, they will be reaching out to different immigrant and diaspora communities to use the museum for displays from their cultures. And — note to foodie fans of international cuisines — that includes the demonstration kitchen.
Derderian said the museum will send “a clear signal that we are builders. I am very proud of my community.”
The process has not been hiccup-free, but obstacles that might have paralyzed such a project in other communities were quickly overcome.
At its new location, the museum joins the Central Library and the Adult Recreation Center on the Central Park block. Najarian says although the museum will take up about 40,000 to 50,000 square feet of park land, the city will actually gain green space by converting parking lots into open land. Of the existing park space, Najarian said, “It wasn't used in a very efficient way. This will make it a much more usable area.”
“If we are not aware, there will be dust on history and our souls.” —Archbishop Hovnan Derderian Facebook
Twitter
More shares recommend reddit email
While building on public land can be controversial, Najarian says there has been virtually no opposition to the museum. “It was pretty much a natural thing to move forward. The committee was dedicated and made it easy for us.”
Karapetian said the goal is to begin construction in the summer of 2019 and open in 2022. The funding for the museum is primarily coming from private donations, but the state provided a $4 million grant.
For all the talk of creating new vistas, organizers don't deny that the museum and Armenian-American experience are rooted in the genocide. To Derderian, who leads the largest such diocese outside of Armenia with more than 1 million, that is something that can never be forgotten and is ever-present in his congregation. “If we are not aware, there will be dust on history and our souls.”
To Karapetian, who lost family to the genocide, the shared experience is inescapable. “You feel it differently,” he said. “It's something inside you telling you you have to fight against the harshest bullying that exists.”
EXPAND Courtesy Alajajian and Marcoosi Architects
Armenian Genocide Memorial Day remembers the date in 1915, also called Red Sunday, when more than 200 leaders and intellectuals in the Armenian community in Istanbul (then Constantinople) were rounded up and sent to detention camps.
Over the ensuing eight years, it is estimated that 1 million to 1.5 million Armenians living in the Ottoman Empire and refugees in nearby countries were killed. Men were slaughtered wholesale or conscripted into forced labor. Women, children and elderly were deported, often via forced death marches through the Syrian desert.
Many consider the systematic extermination to be the first modern genocide — the word genocide was coined by historian Raphael Lemkin to describe the event. To this day, the governments of Turkey and Azerbaijan refuse to acknowledge the Armenian genocide. Although 48 of 50 states in the United States officially recognize the genocide, along with 29 countries and countless religious, ethnic and social groups, the United States has shied away from officially recognizing the events as genocide.
EXPAND Courtesy Alajajian and Marcoosi Architects
In 1975, the United States House of Representatives passed a resolution designating April 24 as a National Day of Remembrance of Man's Inhumanity to Man, commemorating victims of genocide, particularly Armenians, but the resolution failed to pass the U.S. Senate Judiciary Committee. Since 1997, California has recognized April 24 as a Day of Remembrance for the Armenian Genocide of 1915-1923, and for the victims of the Sumgait Pogroms of 1988 and Baku Riots of 1990.
Although the museum's purpose is not to advocate for official government recognition of the genocide, its mere existence may be helpful. “We hope one day the U.S. government realizes it doesn't have to cave in when it comes to Turkey,” Karapetian said.
Najarian said although most people accept the genocide as fact, “I think the needle is moving but very slowly at the executive level. There is still a lot of lobbying by the Turks.”
However, in the absence of affecting global politics, the museum will fight against modern genocide with its simple message. “This will be an education where we can teach that genocide should never happen,” Derderian said. “We have to learn to live together and share our God-given talents to distance ourselves from hatred and love one another."
For more information on the museum, go to ArmenianAmericanMuseum.org.
At times unbearably intimate, even invasive, Raymond Depardon's 12 Days is the kind of film you might wonder, as you watch, whether you should be watching. I'm glad I did, and I can't discount the empathy that this study of mental illness and bureaucratic practice stirs or the understanding it crystallizes. What it illuminates, in its series of vérité encounters between French mental patients and the judges who have the power to release them back into society, is: the slipperiness of diagnoses; the institutional challenge of confronting the brain's mysteries; and the ways that, over a conversation, mental illness can suddenly reveal itself, even in a person who appears highly functioning.
One young man seems impatient, eager to get back to his life outside the hospital where he's been sent. But for every four things he says that sound perfectly true, perfectly reasonable, he drops in one that stuns. “You can call Bernie Sanders and he'll explain the situation,” he suddenly announces. “I'm not lying and I have no disorders in my head.” When he's told that he will not be discharged, he notes, “My political party's going to wipe out psychiatrists.”
12 Days studies the hearings that anyone involuntarily institutionalized in a mental hospital in France is entitled to after 12 days of treatment. Depardon's cameras, unobtrusive, show us the patients usually in a mid close-up, most of them trying to project calmness and certainty. By the end of their interviews, however, many are swallowing back outrage. They have lives to get back to, jobs and kids and cats. Occasionally, Depardon cuts to the judge, who invariably responds with a practiced calm certainty, speaking with the dispassionate voice of the state. “You're excused, sir,” one woman says, after she has explained an appeals process to an increasingly agitated young man. “Have a nice day,” he snaps back. And, “Thank you for your abuse of power.”
Two major developments were up for discussion Monday, the Bloom Towers and the Hotel Carlton.
As for the Bloom Towers project, the Conditional Use Permit was approved with some conditions.
The developers were praised on their attempts to improve circulation in the area.
There has been some opposition from the crowd, with many arguing it will take away from the historic nature of that intersection.
Others mentioned that during Phase Two of the project, the sky-way could be out of commission, a fact they say is unacceptable.
With groundbreaking expected in the fall, the developers will be willing to deal with community members concerns
"Yeah we're excited about tonight what the results of tonight, obviously it's been a long time coming, but we have a lot more to go," Mark Dickson, with Oxford Management, a spokesman for Bloom international Realty, said. "We've translated a lot of the community concerns into the revised design, we think it's healthy and it's a part of the process and we'll keep moving."
However, the first public hearing of the night was the one that drew in a large crowd.
It was an attempt, led by local high school students, to change the language of the city charter.
The students had already changed much of the charter, with the help city attorney, to get rid of masculine-only language.
They needed unanimous support from the city council to do away with it for good.
With a no-vote from Councilman Mark Hickey, the decision will be up to the people of Rochester in November.
Lastly the City Council rejected the Historic Preservation Commission's findings to designate the Hotel Carlton as a historic landmark.
According to the building's owner's lawyer, this doesn't change any plans because there were no plans to begin with.
Mon, Aug 14: Pointe-Claire has expanded its dog run in Terra Cotta Park so dogs can run free. Global's Billy Shields reports.
A WOMAN was caught stealing beauty products from a drug store in Barangay Binaobao, Bantayan Island on Saturday.
Cheryll Quiatchon, 29, got one bottle of whitening lotion, one bottle of feminine wash, toner, bar soap, 16 sachets of hair conditioner, 15 sachets of coffee and two sachets of juice and hid them inside her bag.
The security guard of the drug store monitored Quiatchon through a CCTV camera after he noticed the suspect's suspicious moves.
ADVERTISEMENT
Quiatchon is now detained in Bantayan jail.
An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history was charged Friday with manufacturing armor-piercing bullets, according to court documents obtained by The Associated Press.
Unfired armor-piercing bullets found inside the Las Vegas hotel room where the attack was launched on Oct. 1 contained the fingerprints of ammunition dealer Douglas Haig of Arizona, according to the complaint filed in federal court in Phoenix. It says Haig didn't have a license to manufacture armor-piercing ammunition.
The records don't say if the ammunition was used in the attack. Haig was charged shortly before holding a news conference Friday where he said he didn't notice anything suspicious when he sold 720 rounds of ammunition to Stephen Paddock in the weeks before the attack that killed 58 people.
Haig, a 55-year-old aerospace engineer who sold ammunition as a hobby for about 25 years, said he met Paddock at a Phoenix gun show in the weeks before the shooting and he was well-dressed and polite.
He didn't have the quantity of tracer ammunition on hand that Paddock was seeking, so Paddock contacted him a few days later and lined up a sale at Haig's home in the Phoenix suburb of Mesa. Tracer bullets contain a pyrotechnic charge that illuminates the path of fired bullets so shooters can see whether their aim is correct.
Haig said he was shocked and sickened when a federal agent informed him of the massacre 11 hours after it unfolded.
"I had no contribution to what Paddock did," Haig said, adding that there was nothing unusual about the type or quantity of ammunition Paddock bought. "I had no way to see into his mind."
Haig's lawyer said they held the news conference in a bid to protect his reputation after he was revealed earlier this week to be a "person of interest" in the investigation. Haig's identity emerged by mistake after his name was not redacted in court documents.
Haig arose in the investigation when a box with his name and address was found in the Mandalay Bay hotel suite where Paddock launched the attack on a music festival below.
He gave the box to Paddock to carry the 720 rounds of tracer ammunition from the sale.
Haig said Paddock told him that "he was going to go out to the desert to put on a light show, either with or for his friends. I can't remember whether he used the word 'with' or 'for.' But he said that he was going out at night to shoot it with friends."
He said he has received unwanted media attention and death threats since his name was released. Still, Haig, who has closed his ammunition business, said he doesn't expect to take any legal action as a result of his name being publicly revealed.
The Las Vegas Police Department and U.S. Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives declined to comment when contacted earlier Friday.
The FBI and U.S. attorney's office in Nevada didn't immediately respond to emails seeking comment.
LAHORE - Two words-overworked and overstretched-can describe the present state of bureaucracy struggling to cope with the ‘Punjab speed' working non-stop to achieve the set targets.
Not only this, Punjab's civil bureaucracy is also highly understaffed facing shortage of both junior and senior officers.
Since they have to work almost 12 hours at a stretch under a demanding Chief Minister, their job stretches them a lot. And still they have to work and deliver.
This is the essence of what the Punjab Chief Secretary Captain (Retd) Zahid Saeed shared with the journalists in Punjab Assembly yesterday.
He now also sits in the Assembly to be accessible to the legislators.
On Wednesday, the Chief Secretary also chaired a meeting on Health Department in his newly established camp office there.
But his team may be overworked and sick, in some cases, but they are not overwrought in any way moving ahead to meet the development goals.
A big gun in the bureaucracy, the Punjab Chief Secretary was under media spotlight on Wednesday as he stepped out of his camp office.
In his rare interaction with the media persons outside the Assembly, he gave interviews to different news channels separately answering questions on the new budget allocations and the development goals the government wanted to achieve before the elections.
Saeed admitted that civil officers in Punjab were overworked due to long working hours which stretched them a lot.
He said that a written request has been made to the Federal government seeking the services of senior officers.
“We are even facing shortage of officers in grade 18 and 19, but the situation will improve after a Promotion Board meeting this month.”, he said, adding, that Punjab had become the centre of development activity as the country was heading towards fresh elections.
Asked about the reasons behind setting up of camp offices in Punjab Assembly for the Chief Secretary, Administrative Secretaries and the IGP, he said that this arrangement has been made under instructions from the Punjab Chief Minister Shehbaz Sharif especially for the budget session.
Previously, he said, the legislators would leave the Assembly to visit the Civil Secretariat to get their works done. But they would not be able to meet the officers who would be busy attending important meetings, he added.
Senior bureaucrats usually avoid the media and never give interviews until their retirement.
But Captain (Retd) Saeed has surely become the first Punjab Chief Secretary to be interviewed by many news channels in one stretch.
He faced the journalists for well over half an hour braving the scorching heat under a small tent.
NEW YORK: Boeing is beefing up its investments in autonomous and electric hybrid planes in anticipation that aviation could be primed for as much disruption as virtually every other sector.
The aerospace giant has announced a series of recent tech-focused investments, unveiling plans Thursday to acquire autonomous aviation company Aurora Flight Sciences Corporation, as well as a stake in Zunum Aero, which works on hybrid electric planes.
Many of the technologies - such as unmanned flying taxis - sound space age, but the latest deals are a sign they may not be as far off as they seem. Boeing did not disclose financial terms for either investment.
"The aerospace industry is going to be changing," Boeing chief technology officer Greg Hyslop said in a conference call with journalists.
The Aurora purchase builds on Boeing's work with the company on commercial and military equipment. Today's commercial airplanes already employ sophisticated computer systems that have automated key aspects of flying.
But Aurora aims to go far beyond that, aspiring to a completely autonomous flight, from take-off to landing. A robot, with the aid of artificial intelligence, could back up a pilot by depressing the pedals, taking control in emergency situations or even landing the plane.
Advertisement
Advertisement
In May, Aurora, collaborating with the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, successfully tested its automated co-pilot system on a Boeing commercial plane.
Aurora has also worked to develop a kind of flying taxi system, of keen interest to Boeing in its ongoing rivalry with Airbus.
In April, Aurora was selected by Uber to develop its on-demand urban air transportation system. Aurora's goal of delivering 50 autonomous aircraft for testing by 2020 is "well within reach," the company said at the time.
Airbus for its part is working to develop its flying taxi system Vahana by the end of the year, as well as another concept, Pop UP, that could travel between cities.
sentifi.com Channel News Asia - Sentifi topic widget
ELECTRIC PLANES IN 2022
Boeing also is seeking greater exposure to electric hybrid aircraft, a pursuit of Aurora and also of Zunum Aero, a Seattle startup in which Boeing has a stake.
Zunum Aero said Thursday it expects to be able to deliver hybrid electric planes for delivery in 2022.
The plane aims to address a gap in regional travel of up to 1,000 miles, a segment for which there are few options, high costs and "door-to-door travel times haven't improved in decades," Zunum Aero said in a news release.
The technology could let planes skip big regional airports such as Washington and Boston and instead travel from Beverly, Massachusetts to College Park, Maryland at a lower fare.
The company expects to begin test flights in 2019. Zunum Aero has hired technologists who have worked on leading-edge vehicles for Boeing and Rolls-Royce.
"This aircraft is going to transform how we live and work," said founder and Aero chief engineer Matt Knapp. "We've pushed ourselves to challenge conventional wisdom and the limits of engineering to deliver an aircraft of which we are extremely proud - one that offers efficiency and performance without compromise."
Alberta Transportation Minister Brian Mason will hold a news conference on Wednesday morning to discuss his political future.
Mason has been in politics for decades, having served as an MLA since 2000, which makes him the longest-serving member of the 29th Legislature.
READ MORE: Alberta NDP Leader Brian Mason stepping down
He served as leader of Alberta's New Democrats from 2004 to 2014.
Prior to being elected as an MLA, Mason served as an Edmonton city councillor for Ward 3 for 11 years.
READ MORE: Incoming Alberta premier appoints long-time NDP member as house leader
He was sworn in as the minister of transportation and government house leader on May 24, 2015.
Mason's news conference is scheduled for 11:00 a.m. Wednesday at the Alberta legislature.
— More to come…
MORAL ISSUES TACKLED
The public should be more informed and discerning about issues concerning one's morals like those Godless bills or bills that undermine morality.
This is the call of pro-life advocates during Saturday's forum discussing these issues.
ADVERTISEMENT
Dr. Rene Josef Bullecer, country director of Human Life International (HLI), said it is important for every Filipino to have an informed choice on proposals to legalize divorce, gay union, and medical marijuana in the Philippines.
“Many people are deceived by fake news or just simply go with the flow. They forget to reflect on what really is proper. In holding this forum, we want people to know the implications of bills that undermine morality,” he said in an interview.
In the coming days, Bullecer said they would hold more activities, including the Feb. 24 prayer rally in Cebu City, to encourage the people to get rid of bills that destroys the family and life.
“May the Lord spare the Philippines from these Godless bills,” he said.
In a written message, Cebu Archbishop Jose Palma expressed hopes that yesterday's Christian Citizen's Forum will help shed light on various issues in the country.
“Given the increase of fake news and propaganda, many have already been deceived by their pleasing invitations. Many have believed and have taken into consideration the things that would destroy life, family, and faith in the process. This forum will be our effort to open our eyes once again to the truth about these realities,” the prelate said.
Present during the activity held at the Summit Circle Hotel in Cebu City were Buhay Rep. Lito Atienza, Rep. Raul del Mar of Cebu City's north district, lawyers Gloria Dalawampu, Democrito Barcenas, and Magdalena Lepiten.
Del Mar, on his part, expressed concerns over plans to amend the Constitution through a Constituent Assembly.
“The Constitution should be independent and should not be amended just to benefit some people,” he said.
Del Mar, a prominent pro-life advocate, called on the people to be more active and alert against moves to amend the by-laws “People should be more active to strike down amendments which are not in the interest of the people. Democracy must be in action,” he said.
London's FTSE 100 Index joined global markets in the red after Wednesday's US interest rate hike and as oil prices remained under pressure.
The top tier fell 48.6 points to 7425.8, a fall of 0.6%, as markets digested the latest rate rise by the US Federal Reserve, which marked the third in six months.
The rise was widely expected, but Fed policymakers suggested they would raise rates again later this year despite signs of cooling inflation.
Stocks were also weighed down as Brent crude remained under 47 US dollars a barrel, down another 0.1% at 46.84 US dollars and languishing at the lowest level for nearly a year.
The falls come after the International Energy Agency warned the global supply glut would continue into next year.
Asian markets fell overnight and European indices following suit, with the Cac 40 in France down nearly 1% and Germany's Dax off 0.5%.
The pound was down 0.2% at 1.27 US dollars as the greenback was boosted by Wednesday evening's rate rise, but sterling rose 0.1% against the euro.
Among stocks in London, retailers and housebuilders were leading declines, with Charles Church builder Persimmon down 6% or 133.5p to 2288.5p.
High street giant Next was another big loser, off 4% or 184p to 4117.
Elsewhere, sofa chain DFS lost almost a fifth of its stock market value after warning over profits as the General Election and an "uncertain macroeconomic environment" led to weak trading at its stores.
The group tumbled 19% or 48.9p to 203.3p as it reported a "material reduction in customer orders" in a further sign that consumer confidence is being hit by squeeze on finances.
1:44
Sarah Jessica Parker stepped out in a $1,810 floral ensemble at the Tribeca Film Festival in New York. With hubby Matthew Broderick on her arm, the “Divorce” star wore sparkly $365 heels from her own line, SJP. During another night out at the Irish Repertory Theatre, Parker wore a navy patterned dress. The preppy outfit totaled $2,724. Want these looks for less? This is Price Tagged by Page Six.
The Narendra Modi-led government believes that public sector banks (PSBs) will be able to reduce non-performing assets (NPAs), or bad loans, by as much as Rs 3 lakh crore in the ongoing fiscal year, according to a media report.
The Centre is hopeful that state-run banks will be able to reduce bad loans mostly via debt resolution under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code (IBC).
According to a report in The Economic Times, the government is not planning to infuse any capital as it believes that the state-run lenders will improve their performance and will raise resources through the sale of non-core assets.
“As more capital is freed up due to [a] reduction of NPAs, banks will be able to lend further. All large cases of NPAs have already been taken into account in this quarter, so we don't expect a surprise in the coming quarters,” an unnamed official was quoted as saying by the newspaper.
One of the reasons why the Centre, it seems, is not panicked by state-run banks' NPA situation is because over 2,100 companies have reportedly paid outstanding dues worth Rs 83,000 crore, a majority of which were paid after the government amended the IBC in 2016. The Insolvency Law Committee had suggested that those who contributed to the default of a company, or are otherwise undesirable, should not be eligible to bid for stressed assets.
This triggered a fear among promoters of losing control of their firms, and of being banned from bidding for other distressed assets, prompting them to pay the dues.
21 public sector banks (PSBs) have incurred losses totalling Rs 25,775 crore owing to banking frauds in financial year 2017-18, a Right to Information (RTI) response revealed recently.
Finance Minister Piyush Goyal, on 17 May, promised all possible help to strengthen the 11 public sector banks placed under the 'Prompt Corrective Action (PCA)' framework by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), done to check their deteriorating financial health.
"Over the next few days we will ensure that the central government gives every possible support to further strengthen the resolve of these banks to come out of PCA framework as quickly as is possible," Goyal told reporters.
According to an IndiaSpend report, PSBs' bad loans soared 1.5 times, from Rs 2.67 lakh crore ($39.99 billion) on 31 March, 2015, to Rs 6.89 lakh crore ($103.21 billion), on 30 June, 2017. Of the 21 public sector banks, 11 had non-performing assets (NPAs) greater than 15 percent of total assets.
With inputs from PTI
A day after Sabrina Lall said that she has no objection to the release of her sister Jessica Lall's murderer Siddharth Vashishtha alias Manu Sharma, News18 has learnt that a final decision in the matter rests with state home ministry and the Lt Governor of Delhi."The final decision will be taken by state home ministry, followed by the Lieutenant Governor Delhi," said Rajkumar, AIG Tihar.Jessica was shot dead at a party in April 1999 for refusing to serve liquor to Manu Sharma, who is serving a life term in Tihar.Speaking to News18 on Monday, Sabrina said that she received a letter from authorities at Tihar Jail that Sharma was up for bail soon. The letter also happened to mention some compensation that she could claim from the victim's welfare fund.“I responded to that letter saying that I was not interested in the compensation and that I was okay with him being released. I don't want to see him face to face but I also don't care what happens to him. What he does with his life is none of my concern,” she said, adding that she had asked the authorities to donate her share of the compensation to “those in more need.”Sabrina said that while she doesn't personally track Sharma's activities in jail, she has got to know that he has a good behavioural record in prison.Under the prison's rule of Delhi Government, if the conduct of the inmates serving life sentence is good, they are shifted to a semi-open jail and subsequently to an open jail.The inmates' conduct is reviewed by the sentence review committee. They take up the cases of life imprisonment of those inmates who have completed 14 years in jail and have good conduct.After Sabrina Lall's no objection to Manu Sharma's release, the review board will look into other aspects, including if the release of inmate will be a threat to the society.After the board's decision the file will go for the L-G, who will decide whether Manu Sharma and other four inmates should be allowed to walk free from the central jail.
The owners of video game marketplace Steam said it has removed a game where players could simulate a school shooting either as police or the shooter themselves.
Valve Corporation said it has pulled Active Shooter, which was scheduled to launch on the Steam platform June 6.
Valve also said after investigating the controversy surrounding the game, it learned a person identified as Ata Berdiyev was behind the game's publisher, Revived Games, and developer Acid.
"Ata is a troll, with a history of customer abuse, publishing copyrighted material, and user review manipulation," said Valve in a statement.
Active Shooter was described as a "dynamic SWAT simulator" where players can choose to work as the member of a SWAT team attempting to disarm the shooter, or the shooter themselves.
A box to the left of the screen kept track of how many police officers and civilians were killed. A video featuring the game briefly shows what appears to be the shooter firing at civilians as they try to run away.
The video game angered lawmakers and parents of school shooting victims who felt the game was inappropriate.
"I have seen and heard many horrific things over the past few months since my daughter was the victim of a school shooting and is now dead in real life. This game may be one of the worst," said Fred Guttenberg, whose daughter was among the students killed during February's shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, in a statement on Twitter.
The game also spawned a petition on Change.org receiving more than 190,000 signatures urging Valve to remove it from Steam.
Steam offers a developer program allowing smaller game designers to publish their video games — commonly played on PCs or Macs — on the platform. The marketplace includes several guidelines for inappropriate content including "content that is patently offensive or intended to shock or disgust viewers."
Valve said it plans to have "a broader conversation about Steam's content policies" soon.
Follow Brett Molina on Twitter: @brettmolina23.
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Diana Edulji's SMS to Harmanpreet Kaur that led to her heroics in the ICC Women's World Cup
Harmanpreet underperformed in the first six games of the tournament but fired in the semis and finals.
by Umaima Saeed News 14 Aug 2017, 11:46 IST
Harmanpreet scored 171* against Australia in the semi-final
What's the story?
Indian women's T20 captain Harmanpreet Kaur was on Saturday felicitated by the Mumbai Cricket Association at the Garware Club House, where she recalled how former captain Diana Edulji motivated her to score big before the quarter-final against New Zealand and semi-final against Australia. Harmanpreet had scored only 77 runs in her first six games, the kind of performance not expected from a star player like her.
"Before our match against New Zealand, Diana madam sent me a text message, asking me why I'm in England and what I'm doing in the team. Firstly, there were all sorts of thoughts running across my mind and to top it all, this message arrived. I didn't reply to her for the next two days. She then messaged again and asked, 'You are not replying?' I finally replied, saying 'Wait, we are coming with the Cup'. She replied: 'Firstly, I need your fifty.' I scored half-century against New Zealand in that match," recalled Harmanpreet.
The Punjab-born batter also regretted the fact that India fell short of only nine runs, and hoped she could have scored those nine runs.
"Before our semi-final against Australia, Diana madam asked me, 'What now?' I told her, I am focusing on the Cup and I am not bothered about my game, but I will do my best. When I scored an unbeaten 171 in the next innings, she congratulated me by saying 'I am very happy'. Even at that time I didn't reply, because I was thinking only about winning the final. Now, whenever we attend such felicitation functions, we all do a rewind and question ourselves why we couldn't score those nine runs and that makes us feel sad. I wish I could score those nine runs," said Harmanpreet.
In case you didn't know
Harmanpreet Kaur scored a sensational unbeaten 171 against Australia in the semi-final. What stood out in her innings was that it came against the best bowling attack in women's cricket, and despite the fact that Kaur was troubled by cramps in her legs.
The heart of the matter
India lost to England by nine runs in the finals at Lord's. This was the second time they made it to the finals, the first time was in South Africa in 2005, when they met Australia in the finals but lost.
Prior to the World Cup, the Eves had played a World Cup qualifier tournament to qualify for the quadrennial event. They became the only team in Women's World Cup to beat Australia, England and New Zealand in a single edition. Mithali Raj was awarded the captain of the tournament.
What's next?
The BCCI is yet to announce the schedule for the women's upcoming matches.
Author's Take
Harmanpreet Kaur's 171 against Australia got the whole of India to take interest in women's cricket. She destroyed the Australian bowling attack, hitting them for boundaries all over the park. That innings are one to remember for a lifetime.
Two homes under construction were destroyed following a three-alarm fire in Scarborough late Tuesday night.
Fire crews responded to a call around 10:30 p.m. at a residence on Southlawn Drive near Kennedy Road and Huntingwood Drive.
Firefighters arrived on scene and located three homes engulfed in flames.
READ MORE: 18-year-old U of T student dead, 3 others injured in Scarborough house fire
Authorities said the homes were unoccupied and no injuries were reported.
Toronto Fire officials said several homes in the area were evacuated as a precaution.
The fire was knocked down around 11:30 p.m. and was completely extinguished just before midnight.
The cause of the fire is under investigation.
A very busy and demanding night for our @Toronto_Fire crews following a difficult 3rd alarm fire on Buena Vista Avenue. Fortunately, no injuries reported. Fire investigation operations underway. @TorontoComms @jimkarygiannis @TPFFA — Matthew Pegg (@ChiefPeggTFS) July 4, 2018
The Queen is to attend a service commemorating the 100th anniversary of the First World War bombing of a primary school in London's East End.
On June 13 1917, a daylight bomb from a German aircraft hit Upper North Street School in Poplar, killing 18 children, most of whom were aged between four and six.
The Queen and the Duke of Edinburgh will join relatives of the children who died and community faith leaders at nearby All Saints Church for the memorial service.
They will also visit the site of the school in Tower Hamlets, which was rebuilt and reopened in 1928, and is now called Mayflower Primary School.
The deaths led to one of the biggest funerals the East End had seen. Thousands of people lined the streets as the children were taken to their final resting place.
The Queen's grandfather King George V sent a personal note expressing his sorrow over the loss of "young innocent lives", which was read at the funeral of 15 of the children at All Saints Church.
Hatters Luton Town boss Nathan Jones is remaining tight-lipped over reports linking the Hatters with a move for Nottingham Forest midfielder Jorge Grant.
The 23-year-old spent last season on loan at city rivals Notts County, scoring 19 goals in 56 games as the Magpies reached the play-offs, where they were beaten by Coventry City.
Our targets are ones that we've lined up for long, long time, so hopefully we can have some news. Nathan Jones
Grant, who signed a three year deal back at the City Ground in June 2017, has been tipped to move away again, and when asked if he was someone the Hatters were interested in, Jones said: “Jorge is a player that we think is a wonderful player, but it would be wrong of me to comment on anyone at the minute as they're not our players, they're other team's players.
“I'm sure we'll have news quite soon, as we like to do things early.
“Our targets are ones that we've lined up for long, long time, so hopefully we can have some news, but I wouldn't want to comment on any other players and Jorge is one of those.”
Jones, who admitted this week that he was expecting to add another attacking option to his side, did admit he was hopeful of doing just that before the team head out to Slovenia on Saturday morning.
He added: “We like to get our business done early and this year, even though we want to recruit less than we have done in any other window, the pleasing thing about it, is it's more difficult to get players that are better than what we have, or are on a par with what we have, or can come in and enhance our environment.
“Which is a credit to the environment, a credit to what we have here, so I'm pleased with that, but we're down the line with a few things and hopefully we can get those sorted.
“In God's will, we'll get one done before Slovenia, because the week that we go is a big week in terms of learning, in terms of setting down patterns and certain implementations of defending and attacking, so hopefully we can, but we'll see.”
Mario Batali is stepping down from daily operations at his restaurant empire following reports of sexual misconduct by the celebrity chef over a period of at least 20 years.
The online site Eater New York reported Monday that the incidents involve at least four women, three who worked for Batali. In a prepared statement sent to The Associated Press, Batali said the complaints match up with his past behavior.
A spokesperson for Batali & Bastianich Hospitality Group says an employee reported inappropriate behavior by Batali in October. The company told Eater it was the first formal complaint against Batali and that he was reprimanded and required to attend training.
ABC said Monday that it has asked Batali to step away from the show, "The Chew" while the allegations are investigated.
Bunnell High School's Post Prom Committee is seeking donations for this year's Post Prom event Friday, May 4, at the Sports Center in Shelton.
The committee is looking for gift card donations to restaurants, stores, gas cards, etc. to be raffled off at the end of the night to seniors. They also need monetary donations in any amount to help defray the cost of the venue.
Checks are payable to BHS Post Prom. To make a donation, send it to Bunnell High School, 1 Bulldog Blvd, Stratford, CT 06614, and write “c/o Post Prom” on the envelope, or contact the following committee members: Judy Grib, [email protected]; Kim Auten, [email protected] or Michelle Moore, [email protected]
A shopkeeper in Dewsbury was injured by an armed robber who threatened him with a kitchen knife during a raid last night.
Detectives today issued an appeal for witnesses to the crime, which took place at an off licence in Staincliffe Road.
They are particularly keen to hear from anyone who saw a man in a high visibility vest standing outside the premises for a few minutes before the offence took place.
The robber entered the shop shortly before 7.30pm and threatened the 59-year-old male shopkeeper with what was described as a kitchen knife.
He then grabbed at the till and tried to cut a cord attaching it to the counter, injuring the shopkeeper in the process.
The robber then ran off with the till, leaving the shopkeeper with minor hand injuries.
Detective Inspector Mark Atkinson, of Kirklees District CID, said: “We are carrying out a number of enquiries into this robbery and would particularly like to speak with anyone who saw the incident or who saw a man matching the suspect's description hanging around outside the store prior to the robbery itself.
“I would also like to speak to anyone who saw this man fleeing the scene carrying a grey Casio till immediately after the robbery took place."
The robber was described as being about 5ft 6in tall and had his face covered.
He was wearing a high visibility vest over a hooded grey tracksuit top with the hood up.
Anyone who has information is asked to contact Kirklees CID on 101, referencing crime number 13170576880.
Information can also be given anonymously to the independent Crimestoppers charity on 0800 555 111.
Police in France are investigating a deadly crash where a car drove into a busy pizzeria.
The national police confirm a car slammed into a pizzeria Monday afternoon, killing a 13-year-old girl and injuring at least twelve other people, including the girl's younger brother, who is said to have life-threatening injuries.
The incident took place in a town about one hour from Paris.
Police say the driver was arrested on scene.
Confirmation of a motive is still to come, but the public prosecutor's office says the act was deliberate, but not related to terrorism.
They say the suspect has a history of mental illness.
NORTH TONAWANDA, N.Y. (WIVB) – Thursdays in Gratwick Park will be a lot more fun this year with the new “Thursdays on the Water” series.
Starting June 15, there will be a free concert in the park from 5 p.m. to 8 p.m., as well as food trucks, car shows, and attractions for the whole family. Raffles and giveaways will also be held, with a portion of the proceeds to benefit Twin Cities Meals on Wheels.
Thursday's band is “The A-List”.
The concert series runs every Thursday in Gratwick Park through Aug. 20, except for July 20 and Aug. 10.
For more information or a full schedule, visit ,www.thursdaysonthewater.com.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Sabvest Ltd:
* SABVEST LTD - HAS RECEIVED A DIVIDEND OF R1,387BN FROM SA BIAS INDUSTRIES Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
I have stopped by Sari Sari Store five times in the last three days, and I'm not sure if I should be admitting this to you or to a therapist.
On Monday, I walked over with Times Food editor Amy Scattergood, my Sari Sari Store enabler, and tried the arroz caldo, the sisig fried rice and also the adobo fried rice. On Tuesday morning, Amy texted me to say a section meeting was already underway at Sari Sari Store, so I found myself back at the counter with an order of lechon manok — spit-roasted chicken — as well as a cantaloupe slush and a few forkfuls of buko pie. Late that afternoon, I came in for an early supper of grilled pork ribs, silog made with homemade “Spam'' and a taste of tortang talong, which is grilled eggplant dipped into beaten egg and fried. Wednesday's breakfast (Amy's choice, again) was another bowl of arroz caldo, and I breezed through again a few hours later for halo-halo and a coffee with condensed milk. I've given up my fidget spinner. I have Sari Sari Store instead.
My colleagues and I have probably adored Sari Sari Store a little too much lately, partly because we're as likely to become crushed out on a new restaurant as a 14-year-old is on the latest Zayn track, and partly because the idea of a Filipino-style lunch counter run by République's Margarita and Walter Manzke is just too much, especially in downtown L.A.'s Grand Central Market.
Deputy food editor Jenn Harris swooned over the buko pie this week. So I won't say that much more about it, other than to say that Margarita Manzke comes close to baking the best, darkest pie crust in Los Angeles, that the custard is as dense as pastry cream because it is pastry cream, and that while you would think that the jelly-soft layer of buko, young coconut, might pull the dessert toward the exotic, it ends up tasting like the kind of coconut cream pie you might find at a roadside diner in Oklahoma if you were very, very lucky.
Amy loves the halo-halo, a layered dessert of jellied coconut, ice cream, fruit, crushed ice and other things, although I will act the purist for a moment and insist that the purple yam, omitted here, is an essential part of the experience, and that the Sari Sari Store version may bear a closer resemblance to the chewy, icy Vietnamese desserts called chè you find at sweet shops in Little Saigon than it does to the halo-halo at the old-school Filipino places. There is a place for them both.
Kirk McKoy / Los Angeles Times Sari Sari's arroz caldo is rice porridge with pork, mushrooms, fried garlic, scallions and soft eggs. Sari Sari's arroz caldo is rice porridge with pork, mushrooms, fried garlic, scallions and soft eggs. (Kirk McKoy / Los Angeles Times)
But Sari Sari Store is basically devoted to the Filipino rice bowl, a hybrid form made popular here at places like Rice Bar and Oi, a savory, salty, nominally healthful dish of silog — a toss of meat, vegetables and aromatics — served over pickle-spiked garlic-fried rice. There is always a fried egg on top. And the Manzkes, whose refined French cooking has been revered in Los Angeles for years, are masters of balance — you may notice the subtleties before you blast them into the umami zone with fish sauce, Sriracha and chile-infused vinegar. (You may have self-control, but I am kind of a peasant.)
It may be an odd thing to say about a restaurant, but at Sari Sari Store it really doesn't matter what you order. If you get adobo fried rice, you will find a bit of sweetness from the pork belly's marinade; the sisig, fried pig's head, is crunchier and more assertively salty; and the grilled eggplant is smokier, richer, more tart. The grilled pork ribs tend to smack more of the backyard Weber than of the pit, if that's a factor, and the chewiness is not quite tamed. The slices of housemade “Spam,” soft and fluffy, seared almost black, are pretty wonderful, especially if you were expecting the high salt-sweet flavor of the actual trademarked meat in a can.
Chef de cuisine Don Dalao brines his chicken — the meat is almost bouncy — before cooking it slowly on the rotisserie the restaurant inherited from Bar Moruno, the former occupant of this corner of Grand Central Market, and the sweetish sauce inhabits the skin, which is more sticky than crackly; more bronzed than charred. In the arroz caldo, a lunch favorite at République, the rice is seethed into a loose, hot porridge, fragrant with ginger and fried garlic, thick with chewy mushrooms and little cubes of pork.
The inevitable egg is poached sous-vide to the soft, runny consistency of the eggs you find in ramen. A squirt of lime and a dash of fish sauce transform the flavor — not necessarily better, but different, with an extra level of depth. You're ready for the morning. And Sari Sari will still be waiting for you when you return for a post-work slice of pie.
::
Sari Sari Store
A new Filipino food counter at Grand Central Market.
LOCATION
Grand Central Market, 317 S. Broadway, Los Angeles, (323) 320-4020, sarisaristorela.com
PRICES
Savory dishes $11-$13; sweets $6-$8.
DETAILS
8 a.m. to 8 p.m. daily. Beer and wine. Credit cards accepted. Validated parking in lot next door.
RECOMMENDED DISHES
Arroz caldo, “Spam” silog, buko pie.
MORE FROM JONATHAN GOLD
Jonathan Gold enters Nothingness and finds somethingness — namely, Thunderbolt frog and BBQ potato
Ricardo Zarate's Rosaliné is a Peruvian party. Jonathan Gold orders a pisco sour and has some fun
At Vespertine, Jonathan Gold makes contact with otherworldly cooking. Is dinner for two worth $1,000?
CAPTION Chef Margarita Manzke shows how she makes the Filipino ice cream dessert halo halo at République. Chef Margarita Manzke shows how she makes the Filipino ice cream dessert halo halo at République. CAPTION Chef Margarita Manzke shows how she makes the Filipino ice cream dessert halo halo at République. Chef Margarita Manzke shows how she makes the Filipino ice cream dessert halo halo at République. CAPTION If you have an early football game, here is a recipe for breakfast tailgating: The Bacon Bloody Mary. If you have an early football game, here is a recipe for breakfast tailgating: The Bacon Bloody Mary. CAPTION Recipe for French toast muffin bites for an early tailgate party. Recipe for French toast muffin bites for an early tailgate party. CAPTION Los Angeles Times' The Taste, featuring renowned chefs and bartenders from across Southern California, kicks off at Paramount Pictures Studio. Los Angeles Times' The Taste, featuring renowned chefs and bartenders from across Southern California, kicks off at Paramount Pictures Studio. CAPTION Chef Daniele Uditi explains his "neo-Neapolitan" pizza style at Pizzana. Chef Daniele Uditi explains his "neo-Neapolitan" pizza style at Pizzana.
jonathan.gold@latimes.com
@thejgold
NORTH TONAWANDA, N.Y. (WIVB)- Paddling along the water in North Tonawanda, Buffalo Niagara Riverkeeper tour guides point out wildlife and the challenges our waterways face.
“We need help with our mission so we want to educate the public to become advocates and watchdogs as well,” said Chris Murawski, the director of community engagement.
The non-profit helps clean up pollution in WNY waterways and prevent it in the future.
Our watershed is more than 90,000 acres.
Buffalo Niagara Riverkeeper is working to restore shorelines and wetlands.
“The best way to get people to know the water issues and how great our water resources are, is to get them out on the water to show them everything we have to offer,” said Murawski.
They are once again offering 22 free kayak tours to the public throughout the summer.
The East Hill Foundation, the M & T Bank Foundation and the Niagara Falls National Heritage Area are sponsors.
On Tuesday evenings, they start at the East Hill Foundation.
“We're going to give people a chance to learn a little bit of the history of the Erie Canal and how our waters shaped the development of the region,” said Murawski.
Other tours take kayakers through the Stella Nature Preserve, Hyde Park Lake and Ellicott Creek, just to name a few.
Each of the guides is a certified kayak instructor, so they give demonstrations before each tour and touch on safety tips.
“The number one safety tip is always have your life jacket on when you're kayaking,” said Murawski. “You're going to stay out of the navigational channel, if you're in waters that are a navigational channel, always paddle with a group or a friend and let people know where you're going.”
He also suggests checking the weather before you head out.
The tours run through August. Participants have to register online ahead of time.
