A search for false teeth ended in a mother being brutally beaten in-front of her son.
A search for false teeth ended in a mother being brutally beaten in-front of her son. Inga Williams
A WOMAN'S head was repeatedly smashed into the ground while her terrified son watched on after a group of drunks broke into her caravan to look for a set of false teeth.
But despite the 45-year-old being left bloodied, bruised and traumatised, her attacker won't spend a day behind bars.
When the woman - who suffers from a paralysed arm - returned to her home at a Kilkivan caravan park in November 2016, she found Brianna Margaret McEvoy, 44, Tevor William Lane, 51, and Eric Robert Crane in her annex.
The trio were heavily intoxicated and had broken into the caravan to search for a pair of false teeth that Crane had lost when he previously lived there.
When confronted, McEvoy punched the woman, grabbed her by the back the neck and continued to punch her face until she fell the to ground.
She then repeatedly smashed the woman's head against the ground and hit her in the head with a dog bowl.
When McEvoy's victim called out to her 11-year-old son to call for help, she punched her again.
Crane then spat in the woman's face and tipped a glass of wine over her before McEvoy drove towards her in a car.
McEvoy today pleaded guilty in Maroochydore District Court to single counts of burglary, assault occasioning bodily harm while armed and in company and dangerous operation of a motor vehicle.
Lane, who was sentenced separately, pleaded guilty to assault occasioning bodily harm while armed and in company and four charges from an unrelated incident.
The court heard while Lane never assaulted the woman during the attack, he was charged on the basis he was encouraging the act.
Lane has been jailed previously for domestic violence offences and has a criminal history that "demonstrates ongoing abuse of alcohol", according to Crown prosecutor Lily Brisick.
His former partner, McEvoy also has a history of alcohol abuse, but only a minor criminal history.
Defence barrister James Benjamin's argument McEvoy's behaviour was "out of character" was accepted by Judge John Robertson.
Judge Robertson gave Lane a head sentence of three years' imprisonment with parole eligibility in May, taking into account the 298 days he's already served.
McEvoy was granted immediate parole on a head sentence of two years imprisonment.
LOS ANGELES — Jake Lamb hit a solo home run in the eighth inning and David Peralta added a run-scoring triple in the ninth to lead the Arizona Diamondbacks to a 4-2 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Monday night.
J.J. Hoover (1-0) threw two scoreless innings in relief of Robbie Ray to earn the victory and Fernando Rodney blanked the Dodgers in the ninth to earn his fifth save.
It was Lamb's third homer of the season.
The Dodgers took a 2-0 lead against Ray, scoring an unearned run in the second on Logan Forsythe's sacrifice fly and taking a two-run lead on an Enrique Hernandez solo home run in the fourth. It was his first of the year.
Brandon McCarthy started for the Dodgers against his former team, allowing two runs on five hits and three walks in five innings. He struck out eight.
He allowed only two hits through four innings when he ran into trouble in the fifth. A walk preceded three consecutive singles, hits by A.J. Pollock and Peralta scoring runs.
Ray went six innings for the Diamondbacks, allowing the two runs on three hits and four walks, while striking out 10.
Chris Hatcher (0-1) pitched 2 2/3 innings and took the loss.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Right-hander Taijuan Walker left Sunday's game after only five innings despite holding the Dodgers to one run on four hits. Arizona manager Torey Lovullo said Walker had some minor back stiffness but expected him to make his next start.
UP NEXT
Right-hander Shelby Miller (1-0) will open Arizona's three-game series in San Diego on Tuesday. Miller has a 3.04 ERA in his last four road starts.
Rapper J Hus has apologised for cancelled performances after he was dropped from the Wireless Festival line-up.
It comes a day after the festival announced it would take the 22-year-old off this weekend's bill due to “unforeseen circumstances”.
J Hus, whose real name is Momodou Jallow, also thanked his fans, friends and family for their support.
He said on Twitter: “Been seeing a lot of support from fans, artists and family. I appreciate everything, Trust me. Shoutout my team for the work behind the scenes. Also sorry for the cancelled live dates I've missed out on.
Been seeing a lot of support from fans, artists and family. I appreciate everything, Trust me. Shoutout my team for the work behind the scenes. Also sorry for the cancelled live dates I've missed out on. Time to finish the album. 🖤🙏🏿 — J HUS (@Jhus) July 4, 2018
“Time to finish the album,” he added.
The 22-year-old was charged with knife possession last month and is due to appear at Snaresbrook Crown Court on July 20.
He has been replaced at the Finsbury Park event by Krept & Konan, Avelino and Chip.
Wireless Festival said in a statement on Twitter on Tuesday: “Due to unforeseen circumstances, J Hus and Fredo will no longer be performing.”
© Press Association 2018
You're almost there.We've just sent a confirmation email to . Check it out to confirm your registration.
We are unable to send your welcome email at this time.
Please try again later by clicking the resend welcome email link from your profile page.
The Arizona Cardinals traveled to Philadelphia Friday afternoon, getting ready to play the Eagles on Sunday. As is customary, the loser of this week's bucket challenge had to dress up for the team flight.
This week's loser is Carson Palmer. Check out his walk of shame:
#😂 A post shared by Arizona Cardinals (@azcardinals) on Oct 6, 2017 at 2:43pm PDT
After a baby, a unicorn and riding a unicorn, it appears mermaid was the theme this week.
Yes, Palmer had to wear that for the entire flight to Philly.
Sign up Like this article? Sign up for the Cards Wire email newsletter to get our top stories in your inbox every morning. Success Thanks for signing up.
You'll be waking up a little more awesome tomorrow. Whoa! Something went wrong. Try again?
Of course, Cardinals fans might ask which is more concerning: the fact that Palmer, the team's starting and supposed best quarterback, has lost the competition again or the tape on his right shoulder, indicating there is some soreness and reason to limit movement.
Listen to the latest from the Rise Up, See Red podcast. Subscribe on iTunes or on Stitcher Radio.
The report titled “Qatar Real Estate Market Outlook 2021 – Economic Diversification and FIFA World Cup 2022 to Support Infrastructure Development” provides a comprehensive analysis of real estate market in Qatar. The report focuses on overall market size for Qatar rental and sales real estate market, Doha rental real estate market, Qatar online and broker market, segmentation on the basis of type of market (sales and rental), sub-segmentation on the basis of sectors (residential, commercial, retail and hotel) and by property type (Villas, apartments, residential complex, towers and palaces etc). The report also covers major players, role of brokers and REITs in Qatar real estate market, trends and developments in both Qatar and Doha real estate market. The report concludes with market projection for future and analyst recommendation highlighting the major opportunities and cautions.
Qatar Real Estate Market
Qatar real estate sector contributes a substantial share in Qatar's overall GDP with infrastructure projects accounting for highest spending. The growth in Qatar real estate market has been driven by various segments which majorly include residential, retail, hotel and commercial sector. The real estate market has witnessed growth in the rental value at a CAGR of ~% during 2011-2016. Qatar real estate market is expanding owing to high immigrant population, economic diversification and infrastructure development for preparation of FIFA World Cup 2022. The market grew from USD ~ billion in 2011 to USD ~ billion in 2016. In 2015, Qatar real estate market witnessed a major setback due to fall in oil prices, decreasing sales of real estate property in Qatar. Qatar real estate market witnessed a decline in revenues from USD ~ billion in 2015 to USD ~ billion in 2016.
Qatar real estate sector is majorly dominated by sales market. In the years 2014 and 2015, sales market accounted for almost twice the value of rental market increasing the overall market value of Qatar Real Estate. High property prices and luxury lifestyle of Qataris majorly drive sales market. Sales of land for accommodation and property construction have majorly escalated the market growth. Increasing property prices, growing inbound tourism by ~ % and surge in infrastructure development for FIFA Cup 2022 have escalated the growth for Qatar Real Estate Market.
Qatar rental real estate market: It has been a very dynamic market, with market value increasing year-on-year at a good pace. Qatar rental real estate has escalated from USD ~ billion in 2011 to USD ~ billion in 2016. Increasing population of the immigrants, Qatar diversifying economy, increasing rental rates and high disposable income were the key drivers for increase in rental real estate market value. The rental real estate market incorporates residential, commercial, retail and hotel sectors. The commercial real estate is dominated by hydro-carbon and banking companies preferably accommodating in luxury office spaces. The increasing focus on trade and tourism and luxury lifestyle of the people in Qatar has boomed the retail and hospitality markets.
Qatar sales real estate market: Primary growth drivers are increasing property prices, demand of land for construction of new projects, interest rates and population are major drivers of sales in real estate market. In 2015, market grew to USD ~ billion from USD ~ billion in 2014 at a growth rate of ~% but market witnessed a decline of ~ % in 2016 to USD ~ billion owing to falling oil prices, rising credit rates and high property prices. Sales of vacant land dominated the sales real estate market by property type owing to high demand of land for infrastructure development and construction purpose. Doha, Al Wakra, Al Rayyan contributed to more than 75% of the total sales value in Qatar sales real estate by region in 2016.
Doha Real Estate Rental Market
Doha is the capital city and the leading real estate market of Qatar. It is the residential, commercial, retail and hospitality hub of the country, and attracts large number of people. Moreover, the city of Doha is home to a large number of foreign corporations. Immense business and employment opportunities in the city have attracted large number of migrants from other countries. With the upcoming major events in Qatar, the aim of the government is to make Doha the main tourist attraction of the country which has led to increase in supply in all the sectors in the market. Over the years, the rental real estate has grown at CAGR of ~ % and the rental value has almost doubled in past six years. The overall rental market has inclined during the period 2011-2016 from USD ~ billion to USD ~ billion in 2016.
Doha is a business destination and corporates alone accounted for more than 60.0% of the total hotel room demand. Majority of luxury hotel supply has been in West Bay due to high concentration of corporates aiding people travelling for business purpose.
Competitive Landscape
Qatar real estate market competition is majorly among online portals and real estate companies. The online property market in Qatar has been dominated by a few real estate portals such as onlineqatar.com, porpertyfinder.qa, qatar.dubizzle.com, apollopropertiesonline.com, mubaweb.com. The sales proportion of real estate properties through online market has consistently grown, owing to rising internet penetration, growing demand, incline in personal disposable incomes, surging middle class youth population and opportunities by government infrastructure investments.
Major real estate players in Qatar real estate market are Barwa Real Estate Company, Ezdan Holdings, United Development Company, Mazaya Qatar, First Qatar and others. In 2015, Ezdan Holding dominated the market in terms of market value.
Future Outlook to Qatar Real Estate Market
The future prospects for Qatar real estate market have been projected to be robust during the upcoming years 2017-2021. The projections for the future suggested that the sales market for real estate is envisaged to showcase a tremendous performance, by growing at a CAGR of ~ % during the period 2016-2021 and the market is estimated to reach net worth of USD ~ billion in 2021. This growth in the market value would be the result of Qatar's diversified economy, increasing tourism and FIFA World Cup 2022. Qatar is under construction of some major projects such as Lusail city, Msheireb Downtown Doha and other townships which comprise of huge retail, commercial, residential and hospitality spaces. These townships are expected to be ready by 2020, catering to huge population of Qatar.
Key Topics Covered in the Report:
Introduction to Qatar Real Estate Market
Rent Flats in Qatar
Qatar real estate market size, 2014-2016
Commercial Office Market in Qatar
Qatar real estate market segmentation by region, type, ownership.
Trends in Real Estate Market in Qatar
Introduction to Qatar rental real estate market
Qatar Property Industry
Qatar Real Estate Sector Investment Analysis
Qatar rental real estate market size by value, 2011-2016
Rent Property in Qatar
Qatar rental real estate market segmentation by sectors
Qatar Real Estate News
Introduction to Qatar sales real estate market
Qatar sales real estate market size by value, 2014-2016
Doha Real Estate Market
Qatar sales real estate market segmentation by property type and regions
Doha real estate market
Real Estate inventory Qatar
Doha real estate market size by value, 2011-2016
Gross Leasable Area in Qatar
Qatar Real Estate Market 2017
Qatar online and broker market
Property Market Overview Qatar
Offices Real Estate Analysis Qatar
For more information click on the link below:
https://www.kenresearch.com/manufacturing-and-construction/real-estate/qatar-real-estate-market/112182-97.html
Related Reports by Ken Research
https://www.kenresearch.com/manufacturing-and-construction/real-estate/middle-east-real-estate-market-research-report/637-97.html
https://www.kenresearch.com/manufacturing-and-construction/real-estate/philippines-real-estate-market-research-report/29319-97.html
https://www.kenresearch.com/manufacturing-and-construction/real-estate/indonesia-real-estate-market-research-report/583-97.html
Contact:
Ken Research
Ankur Gupta, Head Marketing & Communications
query@kenresearch.com
+91-124-4230204
Copenhagen: The hedge fund business isn't what it used to be. For starters, a lot of funds in the industry forgot to hedge at crucial moments over the past decade, according to the men now running the $200 billion (Dh734 billion) wealth management unit of Denmark's biggest lender, Danske Bank A/S.
“If you look back over time, there are a lot of hedge funds that were really exposed to the market,” Anders Svennesen, the chief investment officer of Danske's pension arm, Danica, who was recently made CIO at the bank's wealth unit, said in an interview at his office outside Copenhagen.
“A real hedge fund ought to be market neutral, but an awful lot of them have been riding the wave of falling rates and rising stock prices,” Svennesen said. He doesn't see outsourcing to hedge funds as a model that suits his goals here and now.
“Historically, we have been exposed to hedge funds in our portfolios,” Svennesen said. “We might get exposure again in the future if it makes sense for our portfolios.”
Danske says part of its focus on wealth management stems from a desire to diversify its income streams to cope with Denmark's negative interest rates. The central bank, which defends the krone's peg to the euro, first cut its main rate below zero in 2012.
Forgetting to hedge
Svennesen says the trick is to identify hedge funds that actually live up to their mandate of being market neutral, so that they don't start bleeding money when a sudden shock upends a price trend. He rejects speculation that today's low-rate environment has undermined the logic of hedge funds, which traditionally charge high fees for their services.
“Those that really manage to be market neutral, and go in and operate in the right way, deliver a positive return, and there's absolutely still a need for that,” he said. “Especially in the current environment.”
Svennesen says the industry has suffered a blow to its reputation mostly because so many funds let themselves get carried away in market booms, only to be dragged down by the subsequent bust.
Image issues
“It's a perception that's been fuelled by a lot of funds being up to 40-50 per cent exposed to market risks,” he said, declining to identify any funds by name.
Poul Kobberup, who manages fixed-income investments at Danske's wealth unit, says he prefers managing his assets inhouse.
“But there are areas where it's hard,” he said during the same interview. “A good example is all the easing that's coming from the ECB, and the liquidity effect of that. The hedge funds we have in Denmark operate in the Danish and Swedish repo markets. They've done a fantastic job — they pretty much all produced a doubled-digit return last year. So done properly, it's a model that works.”
Jesper Langmack, who oversees alternative investments at the Danske wealth management unit, says 2008 was a turning point that really exposed the hedge funds with poor models. Back then, “we saw that basically none of the big ones were market neutral,” he said. “Even though the whole point of being a hedge fund is being market neutral, they had no diversification, whatsoever!”
You probably already know the Wind in the Willows story – but you won't have seen a version like this!
The charmingly engaging new show at Corby's Core theatre features all your favourite characters from the Kenneth Graham classic, but with a modern slant.
Actually, modern isn't quite right – one of the many enjoyable aspects of the show is the distinctly 1980s musical vibe which the grown-ups in particular will enjoy.
That's not to say there's nothing for children though (the show is recommended for five-year-olds and over).
The story moves along at a good pace, preventing younger members of the audience from becoming bored, but not so fast that little ones will have trouble following the action.
And plenty of action there is.
The set-pieces are consistently inventive, from the exuberant Toad extolling the virtues of always wanting more to the pantomime villain weasels gloating over their takeover of Toad Hall, all superbly performed by the excellent cast.
The set design has a real open feel to it, immersing the audience in everything that's going on – sometimes literally!
This is a captivating re-telling of a much-loved tale which will no doubt help to win over a whole new generation of fans, which sends the audience home with dreams of messing about on the river.
The Wind in the Willows is performed by the Bristol-based Wardrobe Ensemble at the Core, Corby, until December 30. Tickets on 01536 470470 or visit www.thecorecorby.com.
Vernon residents upset with number of needles being found around town with spring melt
A photo of needles shared on social media in front of an Anderson Way business has sparked community outrage. (Vernon Rant and Rave image)
An abundance of needles springing up around town has the public outraged with safety concerns.
The snow melt is revealing discarded needles in various locations around town – including Anderson Way, near the Civic Arena and walking trails around town.
And it's not just Vernon.
“Last time I was in Vernon at a school playground with my daughter we found needles littered around the school yard. It is a terrifying site when you have little ones playing near this trash,” said Zachary Linderman. “I hope a solution is found for the small group of people doing this!”
See related: Needles found at school
According to Interior Health: “Anyone using a needle to inject should dispose of it safely. However, that's not always the case, and sometimes discarded needles and drug paraphernalia are found in public areas.”
Therefore those who are cleaning up needles are urged to use safe needle disposal.
– Do not try to replace the cap on the needle, snap, break or bend the needle.
– Pick up needle using work or latex gloves and tongs or tweezers, holding needle point away from you.
– Put the needle in a metal or hard plastic container that has a lid, such as a product or drink bottle.
– Replace cap on container firmly and label it.
– Wash hands thoroughly with soap and water.
– Drop off the sealed container at your local health unit or at a community drop box.
The Vernon Health Unit offers disposal of used needles and distribution of clean needles, as well as information to encourage safer injection practices.
The Community Safety Office will also accept found drug paraphernalia for destruction providing it is properly contained in a lidded puncture-proof container.
The city of Vernon recently released an warning about debris being uncovered with spring melt.
See Spring melt can uncover hazards
newsroom@vernonmorningstar.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
The B-segment continues its strong run except for one minor hiccup. Read on to know more
The hatchback segment holds the maximum share in the Indian automotive space as it is a favourite among first-time car buyers. As always, Maruti Suzuki leads the segment with the Alto while its rivals like the Renault Kwid, Datsun redi-GO and the Hyundai Eon witness a drop in sales figures for the month of November 2017. Let's take a look at their sales figures.
November 2017 vs October 2017
Maruti Suzuki Alto
Renault Kwid
Datsun redi-GO
Hyundai Eon
November 2017
24,166
5,726
2,199
5,137
October 2017
19,447
8,136
2,544
6,350
Difference
+4,719
-2,410
-345
-1,213
Although the Maruti Suzuki Dzire dethroned the Alto siblings from the number one spot in August, it seems they are back on top after three long months. Low running costs, fuel efficient engines and the Maruti Suzuki badge has helped the small car become the country's best-selling car of all time. Surprisingly, sales of the Kwid saw a sharp decline of 2,400 units, while the Eon and the redi-GO sales too slipped by 19 per cent and 13 per cent, respectively.
November 2016 vs November 2017
Maruti Suzuki Alto
Renault Kwid
Datsun redi-GO
Hyundai Eon
November 2017
24,166
5,726
2,199
5,137
November 2016
23,320
7,847
2,043
5,658
Difference
846
2,121
156
521
When compared to the sales in the corresponding month last year, the sales of the Alto, redi-GO and the Eon seem to be stagnant. The Kwid saw a considerable drop in November 2017. In the past one year, Renault launched the Kwid with an automated manual transmission (AMT) and a jazzier version of the hatch – the Kwid Climber. Meanwhile, the redi-GO got a more powerful 1.0-litre engine and it will be getting an AMT next year. The Alto and the Eon only received special editions during this period.
Recommended: Nov 2017 Sales Comparison - City vs Ciaz vs Verna vs Vento vs Rapid
Read More on : Renault KWID AMT
Low-interest rate, exchange bonus and other schemes available on the Renault Lodgy as well
French automaker Renault is offering a festive bonanza this Diwali on its current lineup, including the now discontinued Scala and Pulse, on retails made between October 2 to October 31, 2017. However, its upcoming flagship offering, the Captur, will not be included in this festive scheme. So, let's take a look at the offers, shall we?
The Renault Duster will be available with an interest rate of 7.99 per cent when bought with a loan from Renault Finance and Loan
Insurance at Rs 1 from Renault Assured program
The SUV attracts a cash discount of Rs 10,000 and you also get a 2gm gold coin. The latter can be exchanged for a cash benefit as well (The rate for a 1gm gold coin has been taken at Rs 3,000)
You can avail a Rs 10,000 exchange bonuses if you sell your old car through Renault Selection (launched in 2015, it is Renault India's pre-owned car brand)
An additional Rs 7,000 corporate bonuses can be availed too
Except for the Duster RXS CVT petrol automatic variant, these offers are applicable throughout the Duster range.
Check out: Renault Launches Duster Sandstorm Edition
Renault's bread and butter model, the Kwid, comes with just one offer - an interest rate of 7.99 per cent through Renault Finance and Loan
Check out: Renault Kwid 2nd Anniversary Special Edition Launched
A cash benefit of Rs 30,000 on the Renault Lodgy Standard and RXE variants.
For Lodgy Stepway variants:
An interest rate of 7.99 per through Renault Finance and Loan
Offers a 2gm gold coin which can be exchanged for cash benefits
A Rs 10,000 exchange bonuses when you sell your old car through Renault Selection
Additional corporate bonus of Rs 7,000
Renault Scala and Pulse
Renault Pulse: The Nissan Micra-based hatchback attracts a cash benefit of Rs 40,000 or an interest rate of Rs 4.49 per cent (from Renault Finance and Loan). Moreover, there's an additional corporate/PSU discount of Rs 6,000.
Renault Scala: The Nissan Sunny-based sedan attracts cash benefits of up to Rs 90,000 along with an additional corporate/PSU discount of Rs 6,000.
Read More on : Renault KWID AMT
Guptill's gone again! Black Caps opener felled by another hamstring injury, set to miss T20, first two ODIs against Proteas
The strain is unrelated to the one that caused him to miss the final ODI against Australia last month.
By Hawaii 24/7 Staff
Fire/rescue crews responded to a 2:39 a.m. alarm Monday (Aug 14) to the Mauna Loa Macadamia Nut processing plant in Keaau for a structure fire.
Smoke and flames were visible from Mamalahoa Highway (Route 11) and Macadamia Nut Drive in Keaau as fire crews arrived on scene. Firefighters found a 20-by-30 foot structure engulfed in flames. A security guard said the structure was a Macadamia Nut husk dryer.
The fire was under control at 3:13 a.m. and fire dispatch reports the fire out at 7:45 a.m. Putting out the fire was difficult due to the amount of macadamia nut husk mulch burning and getting access to the burning material.
The structure was destroyed at an estimated loss of $105,000. There were no injuries reported and the cause of the fire is under investigation.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
Google
Tumblr
More
Print
LinkedIn
Pocket
Email
She's a strong singer but she has to pull out all the stops in Saturday's episode to impress the judges.
X Factor hopeful Nicole Caldwell has hailed judge Nicole Scherzinger for helping her get through her Bootcamp arena audition after battling crippling nerves on stage.
Caldwell, from Paisley, Renfrewshire – who previously revealed she has lost five-and-a-half stone in weight – is seen in Saturday's last episode of the Bootcamp stage of auditions.
Although she impressed the judges in the first round of auditions, she struggles with her confidence and is halted mid-song by Simon Cowell, who tells her that she looks like she “doesn't want to be there”.
The 27-year-old pub singer told the Press Association that she was “not prepared” for how big the arena crowd was at that stage of the competition, adding that “it was the most nerve-wracking thing” she has ever done, even more so than her room audition.
“My nerves were totally shattered, it was quite scary,” she said.
Caldwell added: “I'd been chatting to everyone around me all day, I was like ‘wow, everyone is so amazing' and you kind of start to doubt yourself a little bit and think ‘where do I fit in?'
“When you're surrounded by that much talent it is overwhelming.”
She said: “When I started (the Bootcamp arena audition), I feel like I probably had already given up before I'd even started singing.
“But Nicole really helped me a lot on stage, she just gave me so much support and I think she was a big part of me getting through it.”
Nicole Caldwell (Syco/Thames)
Caldwell said Scherzinger had “been amazing” and that her support is what she needed to complete the audition.
Caldwell admitted that having been heavier in her younger days, her confidence is still often rocked.
“If you've been bigger, you kind of always see yourself like that,” she said, but added that “my confidence has grown compared to what it was when I was bigger”.
In Bootcamp, she is given a second chance to perform her chosen song, If I Ain't Got You by Alicia Keys, and the wannabe star has to pull out all the stops to impress the judges to prove she deserves a place in the next round, the Six Chair Challenge.
Other contestants vying for a spot in the Six Chair Challenge are 34-year-old full-time mother Tracy Leanne Jefford, quirky performer Slavko, 31, from Montenegro, plucky 19-year-old make-up artist Scarlett Lee, boy group The Clique and singer-songwriter Grace Davies.
The episode will also see judges Cowell, Scherzinger, Sharon Osbourne and Louis Walsh finally learn which category they will mentor this year – either the Boys, the Girls, the Overs or the Groups.
The X Factor returns on Saturday at 8.15pm on ITV.
© Press Association 2017
DALLAS (AP) — A man who spent 15 years in prison for the 2001 killing of a teenager was freed on Wednesday after a judge agreed with prosecutors that he didn't commit the crime.
Dallas County District Attorney Faith Johnson said Quintin Lee Alonzo, 38, was freed after the judge agreed with a petition from prosecutors declaring him innocent in the 2001 death of Santos Gauna, who was killed when a fight broke out at a party celebrating his high school graduation and decision to join the Marines.
Although Alonzo was freed because prosecutors and the judge believe he's innocent, due largely to the confession of a condemned man the day before that man's execution, Alonzo would still need the Texas Court of Criminal Appeals to formally exonerate him to be eligible for state compensation for being falsely imprisoned. That ruling could take months.
Officials say an "exhaustive investigation" corroborated the 2015 confession that Licho Escamilla gave to investigators from the district attorney's office's conviction integrity unit right before Escamilla was put to death for the killing of an off-duty Dallas police officer.
Advertisement
"He was facing execution the next day," said Cynthia Garza, who heads the unit. "We believe he was doing this to make peace with God and make things right for him."
Escamilla was a suspect in Guana's killing. But a person identified Alonzo as the shooter from a photo lineup, and Johnson said the jury at his 2003 trial relied heavily on that identification to convict him.
Alonzo was sentenced to life in prison.
Escamilla, meanwhile, was convicted in 2002 in the death of officer Christopher Kevin James, who was among four uniformed Dallas officers working off-duty security at a club when a brawl broke out and James was shot multiple times by Escamilla.
Prosecutors say that before Escamilla was convicted in James' killing, he confessed to killing Gauna and that he also confessed later to his appellate attorneys. Johnson acknowledged that rumors circulated after the teen's death that Escamilla was responsible, but she said Alonzo's attorney argued this point at Alonzo's trial and jurors didn't buy it.
The Martin plastic surgery clinic in the heart of Toronto has proved over the years to be the best in surgery services. The clinic has evolved in all ramifications, employing the best technology to render services, particularly breast augmentation. Focus is placed on face, body and breast at this clinic in Toronto and the various degrees of surgeries which the face, body and breasts can comfortably accommodate.
Conducting surgeries on the face, body and breast has never been made easier than it is in Martin's Toronto surgery clinic which actively renders services in the like of breast lift, breast augmentation, tummy tuck, facelift, arm lift, breast reduction, liposuction, brow lift, buttock lift, ear reshaping, eyelid surgery, inner thigh lift, outer thigh lift, neck lift and rhinoplasty. With the array of services rendered at the Martin Toronto plastic surgery clinic, it is no doubt that professionalism is key to be successful at it. It is well known amongst regular callers at the clinic that it is a top professional service provider with the best hands and technology to work successfully particularly with breast augmentation.
The success stories and positive reviews on this Toronto surgery clinic are amazing as many have visited. In the words of one of the many patients at the clinic, “Martin plastic surgery is by far the best plastic surgery clinic. After seeing him for my first appointment and having to go into surgery, he and his staff made me feel very comfortable about my decision. He was also the surgeon who repaired my father's hand after his accident. He is a very competent, sensitive and caring physician. I will recommend him to all. Thank you”. Many others have given testimonials on their experience with the clinic.
This clinic serves a host of clients across the section of the services traversing face, body and breast. The clinic is in the best of environment with hygienic conditions capable of creating a friendly and caring surgeon platform. The surgery clinic has capable hands to handle all cases to perfection and satisfaction of each patient. Operating on Monday to Friday with identified opening hours, appointments can be booked for any of the days within the specified hours on the website at http://www.martinplasticsurgerytoronto.com/
The Arizona Cardinals have struggled to put together a full game of great defense all season, but they did against the Tennessee Titans. The defense needed to make every stop and make every play and did.
How well did the defense do?
Tennessee entered the game averaging more than 22 points a game. Arizona limited it to seven. It averaged more than 320 yards per game of total offense. Arizona limited it to 204 for the game. Tennessee's seventh-ranked rushing attack averaged 122 yards per game. The Cardinals held it to 65 yards.
It sacked Marcus Mariota three times and intercepted him twice.
It was as dominating a performance the Cardinals have had all season, the type of performance people expected to see from them.
With a very small chance at the postseason and basically having to win out to make it, this is the sort of performance they will need over the final three weeks of the season.
Listen to the latest from the Rise Up, See Red podcast. Subscribe on Apple podcasts or Stitcher Radio.
MWILA NTAMBI, Kitwe
CENTRAL Province is projected to produce the highest tonnage of maize in Zambia in the 2017/2018 harvest season.According to the Central Statistical Office (CSO) 2017/2018 crop forecasting survey, Central Province will produce 466,877 metric tonnes of maize, followed by Eastern Province, which is expected to harvest 459,747 metric tonnes, while Southern Province will record 361,155 metric tonnes of the country's staple food.
Muchinga Province will be fourth with 255,025, followed by Northern at 240,369, Copperbelt 174,461, North-Western 151,078, Luapula 103,896, Lusaka 97,192 and Western 85,108.http://epaper.daily-mail.co.zm/
Toyota's rival to the Honda City will be available with a single petrol engine with the choice of a 6-speed manual or a 7-speed CVT in all four variants
Toyota is all set to launch the Yaris sedan in India. Although the Japanese carmaker has not yet revealed the launch date, some suggest it will take place on May 18, 2018. Toyota's dealers across the country have started accepting bookings for the sedan for a refundable amount of Rs 50,000, affirming the launch is just around the corner. But before its launch, a document depicting the Yaris' variants and features was leaked, and here is what it reveals. Related: Auto Expo 2018: Toyota Yaris First Look
Engine
The Yaris, as confirmed before, will only be available with a petrol engine. It will be a 1.5-litre engine that is expected to make 108PS of maximum power and 140Nm of peak torque. It will be available either with a 6-speed MT or a 7-speed CVT. As reported earlier, the CVT automatic will be offered right from the base ‘J' variant till the top-spec ‘VX' variant. However, only the top ‘VX' variant will get paddle shifters behind the steering wheel.
Safety
At launch, the Yaris will be the only car in its segment to offer seven airbags as standard. Safety features like ABS with EBD (electronic brakeforce distribution) and BA (brake assist), ISOFIX child seat anchors and engine immobilizer will be available in all variants. The VX variant will also be equipped with front and rear parking sensors, parking camera, disc brakes on all wheels, vehicle stability control, hill-start assist control and tyre pressure monitoring system.
Variants
The Yaris will be offered in four variants - J, G, V and VX. Here's variant-wise feature list of the Yaris based on the leaked document:
J Variant - No compromise on safety, a relatively feature-loaded base variant
7 airbags (driver+passenger+driver knee+side+curtain)
ABS with EBD and B
ISOFIX child seat anchors
IR cut glass
Cooled glovebox
Manual AC
Audio system with four speakers
Keyless entry
Instrument cluster with LCD display
All-four power windows
Driver seat height adjuster
60:40 split rear seats
Tilt adjustable steering
Electrically adjustable ORVMs
Day/night IRVM
Projector headlamps
Body coloured ORVMs and door handles
Shark fin antenna
G Variant (in addition to features on J) - Ticks all the must-have equipment that you can expect from a Rs 10 lakh sedan
Rear parking sensors
Front and rear fog lamps
Electrically adjustable and foldable ORVMs with turn indicators
7-inch AVX infotainment system with four speakers
Steering-mounted audio controls
Automatic climate control
Roof mounted rear AC vents
Push button start with smart entry
Ambient lighting
Acoustic and vibration control glass
Instrument cluster with TFT display
V Variant (over G) - A premium yet sensible variant of a modern day budget sedan
All-wheel disc brakes
7-inch AVX infotainment system with six speakers
Reverse parking camera with front (2) and rear (4) parking sensors
Cruise control
Automatic headlamps
Rain sensing wipers
15-inch alloys
VX Variant (over V) - A top variant minus flash might not be very compelling for buyers
Paddle shifters with CVT
Vehicle stability control
Hill-start assist control
Tyre pressure monitoring system
7-inch AVN infotainment system with six speakers
Leather seats
8-way electrically adjustable driver seat
LED DRLs
Chrome door handles
Colours: The Yaris will be offered in six colours - Super White (only with J), White Pearl Crystal White (starting with G), Silver, Grey, Red and Brown.
Some Features We Wish It Had
Electric sunroof - Both its arch rivals, the City and the Verna, get this feature
16-inch alloy wheels - All other sedans in its class get larger wheels
A diesel engine
Apple CarPlay and Android Auto support
Auto-dimming IRVM
LED headlamps
Prices
The Yaris is likely to be priced between Rs 9 lakh and Rs 14 lakh (ex-showroom Delhi). At this price, it will be the most expensive car in its segment. The Honda City's top-spec ZX CVT variant is priced at Rs 13.74 lakh (ex-showroom Delhi). To know more about the Yaris' prices, click here.
Also Read: Toyota Yaris Specs Comparison: Verna, City, Ciaz & More
Image Source
This Story has not been edited by ABP News. It has been published through cardekho.com feed directly.
Art & Culture Desk
A total of 730 works from among 4,000 caricatures submitted to the secretariat of the 11th Tehran International Cartoon Biennial have been selected for display at the expo.
The exhibition's panel of juries included Kambiz Derambaksh, Javad Alizadeh, Abolfazl Mohtarami, Firouzeh Mozaffari, Rahim Baqqal-Asghari, Masoud Zardakhshouei and Mohammad-Hossein Niroumand, IRNA reported.
The meeting to select the works was also attended by the biennial's secretary, Masoud Shojaei Tabatabaei and Abbas Qazi-Zahedi, the executive secretary of the expo.
Following the meeting, Qazi-Zahedi said 73 countries will take part in the art event, adding the biennial's press conference will be held soon.
The expo, which will be held in December, is organized jointly by Visual Arts Office of the Iranian Ministry of Culture and Islamic Guidance and the Institute for Promotion of Contemporary Visual Art.
Television viewers were outraged after the BBC accidentally broadcast a man making an insensitive comment about the death of Keith Chegwin.
The TV presenter died on Monday at the age of 60 after battling a progressive lung condition.
The BBC News channel was due talk to Chegwin's former colleague John Craven, but then cut to the weather instead.
A man's voice was then heard saying: “Too much smoking probably.”
Some of the people watching went online to express their disgust at the blunder.
“Too much smoking probably…. what a gaffe. typical bbc @keithchegwin rip,” posted one person on Twitter.
too much smoking probably…. what a gaffe. typical bbc @keithchegwin rip — DAVID WHITFIELD (@DAVIDWHITFIELD) December 11, 2017
Another tweeted: “Extremely ashamed at @BBCNews @BBCOne A tragic report that Keith Chegwin has sadly passed away from ongoing lung issues, only to hear a big gaffe as someone can be heard saying…”Too much smoking probably” #ShameOnYou.”
Extremely ashamed at @BBCNews @BBCOne A tragic report that Keith Chegwin has sadly passed away from ongoing lung issues, only to hear a big gaffe as someone can be heard saying…"Too much smoking probably" #ShameOnYou — Gazza B (@gwazza123) December 11, 2017
Another person complained that it was in “bad taste”.
A BBC spokesman said: “During a live interview the studio had a sound issue with a guest which resulted in off-air audio being inadvertently broadcast and it was quickly rectified.”
© Press Association 2017
peter and the wolf
Peter and the Wolf by Russian composer Sergei Prokofiev is a story in music for narrator and orchestra. Considered the greatest piece of classical music ever written for children, Peter and the wolf teaches the listener about the instruments in the symphony orchestra by relating them to characters in the story. For example, in “Peter and the Wolf” the ducks' theme is played by an oboe, the cat's theme is played by a clarinet, the grandfather's theme is played by the bassoon, the wolf's theme is played by the timpani drums, and lastly, Peter's theme is played by the strings in the orchestra.
The best recording of Peter and the Wolf is from Maestro Classics and the London Philharmonic Orchestra with narrator Yadu and conductor Stephen Simon. This is the only known recording that includes a complete instrumental version of “Peter and the Wolf” in addition to the story in music with narration. The Maestro Classics CD/MP3 contains extra educational tracks with the conductor of the orchestra, a music and history lesson about Peter and the Wolf & Sergei Prokofiev, a guest performance of “Peter and the Wolf” and “Kalinka” (a traditional Russian folk song) by Trio Voronezh, and a 24-page activity book for kids.
Don't forget, Father's day is this weekend! It doesn't have to be much, just probably shouldn't get a tie.
In any case, no matter what you get your father, he will love. For Kyrie, that meant remodeling his Father's house.
“He sacrificed a lot,” Kyrie Irving said of his father. “He ultimately gave up his dream to play basketball professionally [to support his family]. He really was super dad.”
The remodel included brand-new appliances, decorations, even walls were torn down to make it open concept.
“It's his first house,” Kyrie says. “I think he wants it to be his only house. This is where I grew up, and I respect him even more for wanting to keep it. But I know there's always things he wants to improve on in the house.”
Read more here!
Mohanlal's upcoming film with Bollywood film-maker Ajoy Varma has been titled as Neerali. The shoot of the upcoming film, which has been tagged as thriller is currently progressing.
It was recently that the makers of the film had recently revealed the title of the Mohanlal starrer. Earlier, Mohanlal also revealed his look from this upcoming movie.
Now, the first look poster of the Mohanlal starrer Neerali is out. Mohanlal himself took to Facebook to release the first look poster of neerali.
The poster of Neerali features Mohanlal in it and the movie has got a tagline "Do Or Die". Mohanlal looks really stylish in his new look for the movie. The poster is indeed an interesting one and it seems like we definitely can expect something special from the film.
Film-maker Ajoy Varma himself is handling the editing department of the movie. The script of the film has been penned by Saju Thomas and popular cinematographer Santhosh Thundiyil is the DOP of Neerali. The film has been produced by Santhosh T Kuruvika under the banner Moonshot Entertainments. Reportedly, this upcoming film be Mohanlal's first release of the year.
The shoot of Neerali did commence in the month of January and reportedly, Mohanlal has allotted 15 days for the shoot of this upcoming film. After the completion of the shoot of Neerali, Mohanlal will next join the filming of Kayamkulam Kochunni.
For all the buzzing scoop from the world of entertainment,
THOUSANDS of residents have gathered across the Bundaberg region this morning to pay their respects to the soldiers who fought for a better world.
In Bargara, the Dawn Service was held at 5.30am from the Bauer St War Memorial.
The clear morning skies made for a beautiful backdrop to the ceremony, with a sea of people standing in silence to remember those who had fallen.
The event started with an emotional video of children talking about remembering our heroes of the war.
Bargara Dawn Service: The Bargara Dawn Service
Navy cadets and ex-servicemen stood proudly with flags raised and a canon was fired into the morning sky.
Lifesavers laid wreaths in memorial of Gemma Henricksen, Bundaberg's Summer Surf Girl who tragically passed away from her cancer battle this week.
Cr Greg Barnes, President of the Bargara Remembrance Committee, told the NewsMail the Bargara Dawn Service was extra beautiful this year.
"We couldn't have had more of an idyllic background with the sun coming up and the cloudless sky and absolutely flat water," he said.
"I think when you get the ideal situation like this it just adds to a really special moment.
"When you go into that minute of silence and you hear that water lapping in the background, it is very much a time to reflect on what has happened in the past."
Bargara Anzac Day March: Bargara Anzac Day March
Cr Barnes said the turnout had been "massive".
"The crowd have been great, they have been fantastic," he said.
"It was a big turnout this year once again and especially with the kids.
"Whilst we as organisers like to see the kids get involved we know that the diggers themselves like it too because they know that their legacy will go on and on."
Moodboard
We've known for a long time that there are racial disparities in health outcomes. For about as long, we've tried to chalk this fact up to recalcitrant socioeconomic issues. But a recent cover story in the New York Times Magazine pointed out why this is too easy a dismissal. Economic issues cannot explain all of the disparity: At any given level of income, maternal and fetal outcomes are worse for black American women and their babies than for their white counterparts. This holds true even for the most affluent groups who all, presumably, had access to excellent medical care.
The conclusion of many experts is that just living as a black person in America creates a “toxic level of physiological stress” that increases the risk of conditions like hypertension and pre-eclampsia, among others. We've known about toxic stress, but we've always lumped it in with poverty, not necessarily with race. This article made me re-think the role medical professionals play in creating this toxic environment and consider what we can do to alleviate it.
A recent paper caught my eye because it captured one of the more subtle aspects of the brew: how we write about patients in the chart. Mary Catherine Beach and her colleagues at Johns Hopkins University were curious about whether our choice of language transmits bias from one medical professional to another. The researchers created a hypothetical case of an African American man with sickle cell disease, a condition that typically requires opiate medications for control of painful flares. They wrote two versions of the medical chart, one with neutral language and one with language—taken from real charts—that could be viewed as more stigmatizing. Medical students and residents were randomized to read one of the charts and then asked about their attitude toward the patient and how much pain medication they would prescribe.
Those trainees who read the chart with the more stigmatizing language exhibited more negative attitudes toward the patient and elected to give less aggressive pain treatment. This result is probably not surprising—we know that black patients tend to receive lower rates of pain treatment. But what is intriguing is how subtle the differences in language were between the two charts. In the first chart, the patient was described as a “28-year old man with sickle cell disease” and in the second chart as a “28-year old sickle cell patient.” Before the symptoms occurred the patient “spent yesterday afternoon with friends” versus “was hanging out with friends outside McDonald's.”
This sort of language covertly signals to other members of the team that this is a person who isn't trustworthy or deserving.
For the physical examination, the doctor observed in the first chart that the patient “is in obvious distress,” and in the second that the patient “appears to be in distress.” A nursing note in the first chart reported that the patient “is not tolerating the oxygen mask and still has 10/10 pain,” and in the second chart that the patient “refuses to wear his oxygen mask and is insisting that his pain is ‘still a 10.' ”
The descriptions in the second chart weren't necessarily inaccurate, but together they subtly paint the patient as a less reliable person, someone who perhaps is trying to game the system for drugs. According to Beach, this type of language not only discredits the patient's report of pain, but highlights details that reinforce negative stereotypes. Medical charts are the primary means of communication among medical professionals, so this sort of language covertly signals to other members of the team that this is a ‘low class' person who isn't trustworthy or deserving.
As soon as Beach put it this way, I could see that our supposedly objective medical records contain racially laden dog whistles of the sort that we regularly decry in political speech. In the last two years we've gotten more adept at noticing and calling out references to inner cities, illegal aliens, international bankers, Sharia law, and locker-room talk, but we doctor like to think that we treat all our patients equally. We would never think of ourselves as racist or marginalizing. Yet, it's there in our language. During my internship, there were always some patients who elicited a particularly negative response, usually from some combination of drug addiction, homelessness, abrasive personality, and perceived overuse of the system. I'd sometimes hear a staff member mutter about them as “not a citizen.” The message was: Don't expend your efforts on these patients.
Beach and her colleagues demonstrate how the medical chart can be used to communicate this message between staff members. Whether done consciously or unconsciously, this dog-whistle language plants seeds of doubt in the mind of the next person who reads the chart, and can influence subsequent medical care.
The factors that perpetuate the disparities in medical care are varied. Some require government intervention. Some require shifts in societal attitude. Some require restructuring parts of the medical system. But some are within our power as individuals. One thing we doctor and nurses can do is to take a minute to think about how we are writing. We can choose to write that a patient “declines treatment” rather than “refuses treatment.” We can write that a patient “doesn't drink alcohol” rather than the patient “denies alcohol use.” We can write that a patient “has pain” rather than that he or she “claims to be in pain.”
The substandard quality of care that some of our patients receive is a stain on the medical profession. Individual doctors and nurses can't solve it all, but we should be on forefront agitating for change. And we can begin with the words we write in the chart.
FURRY FRIENDS: The Million Paws Walk event on May 21 at the RSPCA n Bundy will raise money to help dogs and cats at the shelter.
GIVE your pooch a real treat by taking them along to the largest event on Bundaberg's canine calendar.
You and your pooch are invited to join the Million Paws Walk event on May 21 at the RSPCA grounds, 31 Doblo St, Brayan.
It's the perfect way to spend the day and anybody can enter, so grab your lead, attach your dog and scoot along.
To register and kick-start your fundraising to help all creatures great and small go to www.millionpaws
walk.com.au.
JOHANNESBURG (miningweekly.com) – The Lerala diamond mine, in the Palapye region of Botswana, on Wednesday sold for more than $8-million in an online auction, confirmed liquidity services and auctioneers GoIndustry Dovebid South Africa associate director John Taylor.
The winning bidder, which will be confirmed later this week, and the auctioneers are currently handling the transfer of mining rights and associated paperwork with regards to the sale.
Advertisement
The auction opened on May 24, following 12 interested parties' visit to a data room that the auctioneers set up to share geology reports and mine data of the Lerala mine.
The mine is situated in north-east Botswana and comprises five diamondiferous kimberlite pipes, ranging from 0.16 ha to 2.35 ha. One pit has been partially developed and mined.
Advertisement
The site is not far from miner Debswana's Orapa openpit diamond mine, in the central district of Botswana.
The transaction includes the transfer of the mining licence and rights; a complete processing plant, which includes a 200 t/h conventional fines plant and a course dense medium separation plant; final integrated X-ray recovery house; primary jaw crusher; secondary cone crusher; high-pressure roll crusher; scrubbers; material reticulation of conveyors; screens; bins; thickener plant and tailing dams; diesel generator plant; electrical reticulation; workshops; offices; and a mining camp.
The public auction event included the sale of the pits, the resource, the process plant and ancillary equipment. To bid, interested parties had to pay a refundable P5-million deposit.
Creating new horizons in meeting the needs of health economists, health policymakers, health care professionals and researchers internationally through world's leading Health economics Conferences
Health economics is regarding the possible uses of resources in health services sector and with the productive use of economic resources such as Human resource, material and financial resources. Every health care professionals need to familiarize him/ herself with the fundamental concepts of economics and its approach to the health sector in order to control health institutions and health delivery system effectively. At this outset, Conference series LLC's health economics conferences aims to bring together renowned experts from the international scientific community to provide a premier inter-multi-trans-disciplinary to exchange their latest ideas.
Health economics conferences play a leading role in increasing resources to improve health economic outcomes. Managed care services are awaited to advance at a CAGR of 22.87 per cent during 2015–20 to reach USD280 billion by 2020. It provides a fundamental for the understanding of health economics as applied in the wider context of health services research. Public health department subject the student to the broader related academic disciplines of importance in digesting the interaction of economics and global health, such as epidemiology, public health and policy analysis. Health care sector registered 88 funding deals to USD397.41 million as of September 2016.
This reflects the realities and necessities for the health care providers to make the best use of science and technology in delivering cost-effective and high quality services by systematically evaluating their outcomes, in terms of individual benefits and consumer satisfaction to improve the public health.
Health economics deal with the different concepts of macroeconomics as to the law of demand and law of supply, elasticity of demand and supply, monopoly, demand forecasting, the methods to be used in demand forecasting and why is demand forecasting actually needed. Healthcare services revenue in India is set to reach USD 280 billion by 2020; expenditure is likely to expand at a CAGR of 17 per cent over 2011– 20.This will also help in the demand supply curve and assumptions taken while defining the supply curve. The global mHealth market ought to reach $46.2 billion by twenty twenty one from $13.2 billion in twenty sixteen at a compound annual rate (CAGR) of twenty eight.6%, from 2016 to 2021.
Our top health economics conferences 2018 is anticipating participation from renowned speakers including researchers, Health Economists, Healthcare Industry leaders, Health policymakers, Health care administrators, health care professionals, Nursing Professionals, Pharmaceutical and health insurance companies and many from leading universities. The scientific program paves a way to gather visionaries through the plenary lectures, research talks, workshops, and symposia invited sessions and oral and poster sessions of unsolicited contributions.
The theme of Health economics conferences “Equity in delivery and financing of health services & health care across life cycle” brings together renowned experts from the international scientific community to exchange their latest results related to Health financing, health care services, Pharmaceutical manufacturers, health insurance, health econometrics, Behavioural economics, health outcomes research, health care markets, international health economics, Public health, macro and micro economics.
Conference Series is pioneer in organizing Academic, Scientific and Business conferences, meetings, symposiums and exhibitions on a cross-section of fields like Medical, Pharmaceutical, Engineering, Science and Technology to promote scientific research. Every year we host more than 3000+ International Conferences in the USA, Europe, Middle East and Asia with the generous support and cooperation from our 50000+ Editorial Board Members, 1000+ Scientific Societies. All the conference proceedings are published as special issues in our 1000+ Open Access International Journals with the DOI provided by CROSSREF.
For more details
Contact
Caitlyn Sandra
Health Economics 2018 Conference
Conference Series
Direct: (702) 508-5201
Email: Sandracaitlyn27@gmail.com
WELCOME LUNA: Barnacles Café and Dolphin Feeding have welcomed the arrival of 4-week-old Luna to the community.
WELCOME LUNA: Barnacles Café and Dolphin Feeding have welcomed the arrival of 4-week-old Luna to the community.
A NEW addition to Tin Can Bay's famous dolphin feeding institution is drawing crowds from across the region.
Born 4-weeks ago, Luna was officially named last week.
Barnacles cafe and dolphin feeding owner Les Dunstan said Luna was in good spirits.
"Luna is doing very well and has fit in amongst the other six dolphins," Mr Dunstan said.
"We have about 13 in the pod."
The new addition is a welcome asset to the Tin Can Bay community.
Luna is enjoying her stay in Tin Can Bay. Fraser Coast Dolphin Research Pr
"We have a lot of people who have been coming to see Luna and all the other dolphins," he said.
"We're definitely excited to have Luna with us."
The news was shared all over Facebook with one Gympie resident ecstatic with the news.
"The little 'peanut' is the cutest thing ever. It was soooo wonderful seeing the little one today," one visitor said.
Mr Dunstan said dolphins don't get fed until 4-years-old.
"Due to Luna only be 4-weeks-old, they can't be fed until they're 4 years old," he said.
The new baby dolphin 'Luna' is enjoying her stay at Barnacles in Tin Can Bay. Fraser Coast Dolphin Research Pr
Description:
The Australian humpback dolphin gets its name from the elongated dorsal fin and humped back appearance which arises from the accumulation of fatty tissue on their backs as they age.
The male and female Australian humpback dolphins can grow between 2.6m and 2.7m, reaching physical maturity at around 14 years of age.
Threats:
Living close to coasts and rivers, the Australian humpback dolphin is susceptible to pollution as well as shark and fishing nets.
Overlooking Snapper Creek inlet in Tin Can Bay, Barnacles cafe provides an idyllic setting for you to enjoy breakfast while you are here to feed the Australian humpback dolphins.
Amid the heightened tensions after the violence in Charlottesville, President Donald Trump announces that he is "seriously considering" pardoning former Sheriff Joe Arpaio.
Google "America's most racist sheriff" and Joe Arpaio's Wikipedia page is the first entry that pops up. Convicted last month for disobeying a judge's order to stop racially profiling, Arpaio faces up to six months in jail, but may walk free thanks to President Donald Trump.
"I am seriously considering a pardon for Sheriff Arpaio,” Trump told Fox News on Sunday while at his Bedminster, New Jersey, golf club. “He has done a lot in the fight against illegal immigration. He's a great American patriot, and I hate to see what has happened to him.”
Arpaio himself has called his sentencing the "worst miscarriage of the judicial system in history," according to Politico, and has said that he would welcome a pardon from the president. However, despite claiming his innocence, an extensive investigation by the Department of Justice found that Arpaio supervised the worst pattern of racial profiling in United States history.
The Washington Post compiled an extensive list of all the reasons Arpaio does not deserve a presidential pardon, detailing the former sheriff's years of racism against the Latino population in Maricopa County, Arizona. Included on the top of the list was the 2011 conclusion by the DOJ. Among other things, the DOJ report found that deputies regularly punished Spanish-speaking prisoners for poor English by placing them in solitary confinement, harassed passersby solely because of their skin color or for speaking Spanish, and were in fact neglecting to address violent crimes due to their obsessive focus on Latinos.
If there was any doubt as to the racist intention of his practices, Arpaio even once proudly called his jail a concentration camp.
As a law enforcement leader, the likelihood of Arpaio ever doing actual time is small; if Trump did decide to pardon the former sheriff, it would potentially be more symbolic than anything else.
As America saw in the white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, over the weekend though, symbolism is powerful and it can divide communities, rile emotions, and incite violence. Trump may have finally condemned white supremacy verbatim on Monday, but in context, his words mean nothing.
The president revealed his true colors when he said nothing at all amid the escalating tensions and when he tried to blame "many sides" for the tragic violence, instead of denouncing the source of this evil: white supremacy.
Banner and thumbnail credit: Wikimedia Commons user Gage Skidmore
Two million New Zealanders will be obese in 20 years time, new research reveals.
An Otago University report published today in the Australian and New Zealand Journal of Public Health showed the average Body Mass Index (BMI) of Kiwis increased from 26.4 in 1997 to 28.3 in 2015.
If the trend continued, New Zealand's average BMI would exceed the obesity threshold of 30 by the early 2030s.
In 2015, 1.1 million New Zealanders were considered clinically obese but by 2038 that could be two million.
Advertisement
The prevalence of obesity in New Zealand had already trebled to 30 per cent between 1977 and 2013, making it the third most obese nation.
Researchers Dr Ross Wilson and Professor Haxby Abbott from the University of Otago's Centre for Musculoskeletal Outcomes Research at the Dunedin School of Medicine said the Government needed to take action to address the situation.
"High BMI has now overtaken tobacco as the greatest contributor to health loss in New Zealand, which emphasises the public health importance of these findings," Wilson said.
Otago University researchers Dr Ross Wilson and Professor Haxby Abbott found two million New Zealanders will be obese by 2038. Photo / Supplied
The study also showed the BMI of Māori and Pasifika and those living in socially deprived neighbourhoods was increasing at a faster rate. In 20 years the average BMI of the Pasifika population was expected to exceed the general population by 7.1-8.1 - up from a difference of 6.4 in 2015.
The research, which used data from more than 76,000 adults, found the increase in BMI was down to factors including greater availability and consumption of high-energy, low-nutrient foods and lower levels of physical activity.
"These findings emphasise the need for effective public health measures to address the causes of the obesity epidemic," the authors said.
"Altering or mitigating these environmental influences is therefore crucial to slow or reverse projected increases in population obesity."
Obesity was a risk factor for many common health conditions, including diabetes, cardiovascular disease, osteoarthritis and cancer which contributed the loss of quality of life, early death and higher healthcare expenditure, the report said.
"High BMI is the greatest contributing risk factor to health loss in NZ. Healthcare costs associated with treating overweight- and obesity-related conditions in NZ were estimated to be NZ$624 million in 2006, representing 4.4 per cent of all healthcare spending."
The researchers suggested tobacco control could be a useful parallel for considering the importance of comprehensive reforms across a range of policy areas in halting the spread of a public health epidemic like obesity.
They suggested improving the relative affordability of healthy foods; restrictions on marketing of unhealthy foods; better nutritional labelling; more education; promotion of active modes of travel; and provision of facilities and space for physical recreation could all help stem the country's growing waistlines.
Columbia Police Department lowers officer education requirement
COLUMBIA - Police union leaders and city officials are divided over the recent decision to lower the education requirement for officers in the Columbia Police Department.
The executive director of the Columbia Police Officers' Association said a college education, or in most cases the lack thereof, often poses a number of problems for local police officers.
"The education requirement has, in the past, has been something that has kept applicants from being eligible, so that should help to recruit," Dale Roberts said.
The education requirement is one of many factors Roberts said have contributed to an understaffed department.
Third Ward Council Member Karl Skala said, of the 173 total positions in the police department, 12-15 are unfilled at any given time.
"The hiring environment for police officers is a very difficult one these days," Skala said.
The CPD lowered its education requirement for prospective police officers in August. Now, applicants only need to have a high school education.
"The nature of the hiring environment for public safety officers is such, that in order for us to fulfill the vacancies, or to fill the vacancies that we have chronically had throughout the year, it may be necessary to lower the standard," Skala said.
Roberts said he doesn't necessarily have an issue with the lowered requirement.
"Just because you have a college degree, doesn't necessarily mean that you have those other enhanced abilities," he said. "And we know we have plenty of applicants who have prior military experience who have gained that same skill."
There are other ways to obtain practical skills, he said.
"Certainly, several years in the military really helps a person to think clearly and solve problems," Roberts said. "It gives one a certain level of maturity. So, as I said, a college degree is not the only way to get there."
Skala said the lower education requirement may not help all applicants.
"Folks need to understand that these folks will have the least advantage should they not have some of these other requirements like college education, some criminal justice education or they're a veteran."
Skala said all other requirements are still in place.
Although he said he doesn't necessarily agree with the lower education requirement, Skala said it must be done to fill the positions.
"I would prefer to have all of our police officers have college degrees, because these days on the street, it means that you almost have to be a psychologist as well as a commissioned police officer," Skala said.
He said, however, there "is no choice at this point," and lowering the standard is the pragmatic thing to do.
"That's what people are demanding, and that's what we need to do," Skala said.
Thanks for signing up. You must confirm your email address before we can send you. Please check your email and follow the instructions.
Image copyright McGill's
A Scottish bus company has urged politicians to "get over their fascination with the train" and stop treating buses as "the enemy".
Ralph Roberts, managing director of McGill's, said local and national government should accept their responsibility in managing road space and taxation of private motoring.
The comments came as the Greenock-based company released its accounts for 2016, which reflected a "challenging year for the bus industry, not only in Scotland but UK-wide".
"Ultra-cheap car ownership, depressed fuel prices, online retailing, increased congestion resulting in longer bus journeys and stretched household budgets have all contribute to a sustained decline in footfall," wrote Mr Roberts.
He said the firm had invested in ticketing equipment, new vehicles and a central control facility.
Public investment
In addition, there has been "an increased cost base from congestion, roadworks, staff wages, regulatory costs and a 20% increase in the cost of new buses".
McGill's Buses, controlled by the Easdale family, runs services across North Ayrshire, Inverclyde, Renfrewshire, Glasgow and Lanarkshire,
Revenue during 2016 rose to £39.5m from £38.3m the previous year. Pre-tax profit was down from £3.5m to £2m.
The company employed an average 831 staff during last year.
"Government and politicians have to get over their fascination with the train," said Mr Roberts.
"Over 80% of public transport journeys made are made on buses. Trains carry relatively few in comparison to buses, yet seem to take all of the headlines, political attention and public purse investment.
"Bus companies have limited ability to reverse the current footfall decline as almost all of the factors driving it are external.
"Local authorities and national government need to accept their role in road space management and that the cost of private motoring falls upon the motorist, not the economy in general. The bus is part of the solution, not the enemy."
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Police and fire crews are this afternoon at the scene of a house fire just off a busy city street.
Around 15 fire officers are at an address in Moseley Road, Highgate .
West Midlands Fire Service said the property was inside a park.
Police officers were at the scene directing rush hour traffic.
The No.50 bus was diverted because of the fire.
From Highgate Middleway, it was continuing, left onto Camp Hill and left onto Bradford Street before resuming its normal line of route.
No other details were immediately available.
Gov't plans crackdown on illegal fishing
Interior Minister Sar Kheng has said he plans to use speedboats and a helicopter to patrol the Tonle Sap lake in an effort to crack down on illegal fishing.
Last week, Kheng also asked provincial officials to closely monitor illegal fishing activities. “We have asked a lot of people to cut their [illegal] fishing, but in the end, we didn't crack down,” he said, adding that he was serious this time around.
“There is a need to use the marines to patrol . . . we have just now asked the royal government for speedboats,” he said.
A helicopter will also be used to patrol frequently, he added.
The ministry last month also announced the formation of a working group to tackle this issue. Ministry spokesman Khieu Sopheak declined to comment.
Om Savath, executive director of the Fisheries Action Coalition Team, said it's a “good thing” if the government is taking the issue seriously.
However, he added that a lot of the illegal fishing takes place at night and that a crackdown wouldn't be an “easy” task.
“The government should co-operate with grassroots-level organisations to take quick action,” he said.
ADDITIONAL REPORTING BY YESENIA AMARO
Hatters boss Nathan Jones wouldn't be chastising keeper Marek Stech too much despite his error costing Town in their 1-1 draw against Notts County on Saturday.
The Luton stopper came charging rashly off his line to try and claim a free kick he was never going to win on the hour mark, with ex-Newcastle United forward Shola Ameobi nodding into the empty net to level the scores.
Although frustrated with the manner of the goal, Jones said: “The only tinge of disappointment was that it was reminiscent of the Blackpool thing, one silly mistake, too flat a ball to come for, but he's been magnificent Marek.
“For me he's the best keeper in the league, so one little error, we can't berate him too much.
“We're not going to chastise him too much if he makes the odd error, he's probably made two errors this season which have cost us four points, the one at Cheltenham, and the one here, so as long as he doesn't make too many of those,
“But he's a fantastic keeper, an outstanding keeper, and we just don't want to do that, as that's a similar mistake to last year.
“We want to improve on everything we did last year and it happened in big games, but that's the thing about big games, the margins, it's all right when you're six or seven up, those mistakes don't happen.
“But in the tight games when you come up against the better sides then the margins are are really tight and you've got to make sure you're right on top of them.”
The free kick itself had seen Johnny Mullins needlessly give away a foul when challenging for a high ball as well, with Jones saying: “I was disappointed with the lead up to the goal in terms of one we felt we should have had a free kick against Danny (Hylton), and then Johnny Mullins's decision to go and win it when he can't win it.
"It's too flat a ball, then it's too flat a ball to try and win that one (for the goal).
“So there are elements of frustration in it, but lets give Notts County credit as well, as it was two good sides going at each other.
Mullins himself knew the free kick he had given away was a soft one, saying: "I've come in and put my hands on him as such. He's probably won it as much as I've fouled him, but that's good forward play.
“I'm disappointed to give that away, but that's little margins and then the ball's come in and we've not defended it properly.
"It was a flat ball that they've got a nick on, we'll have a look at that, work on it and make sure it hopefully doesn't happen again.
“Marek's been excellent and he was coming out and taking crosses, taking punches, he was so proactive and on the front foot, so that's what we wanted him to be.
“It was just that one didn't happen for whatever reason, so we'll look at it, work on it, we won't get hung up on it and go again."
Defender Jack Stacy also wasn't too critical of the popular Czech Republic stopper either, saying: “I think Marek is the best keeper in this league hands down.
"Maybe he should have stayed on his line, but we had 90 minutes to score a second goal, so we's a team effort and it's 1-1 at the end of the day."
If you are ever charged with a criminal case it is always better to hire services of the Houston criminal defense attorneys as they have years of experience in handing different criminal cases and can safeguard your legal interests in the case. The consequences of a criminal case is very burdensome as it not only effects your professional but also your personal life and image in the society. So contacting a criminal defense attorney should be first priority since the attorney will help you with legal proceedings and also advice you with the best tips to protect you in the case.
You are advised not to speak to the prosecutor or the police and do not submit any breath or blood samples unless you have spoken to your lawyer since this can be used against you later in the court. The Houston criminal defense attorneys who are experienced in handling different types of criminal cases and they know the strategies that they need to use based on the case and the charges to prove your innocence in the case. They check for any constitutional violations in charging the case against you or suspect the ulterior motives of the witness to plant a doubt in the jury's mind against the prosecution charges that could lead to dismissal of the case in the court. The defense attorney goes to the extent of even taking support from private investigators to recreate the crime scene and look for loopholes that could save you from the case.
In case you are accused of the DWI it is always better to contact a Houston DWI lawyer who would help you understand the consequences of the case and come up with suitable strategies based on the severity of the case. They come up with possible legal defences like scrutinizing the prosecution charges for inaccuracies, defects or incomplete information that would come to your rescue to save you from the case. Generally, drivers are booked under DWI for erratic driving patterns like speeding or driving slowly, driving at uneven speeds, running a red light and stopping at green lights since it is generally assumed that the driver is under the influence of alcohol or drugs. However, the defense lawyer tries to protect the client by claiming the unreliability of the tests conducted by the office and also defending the clients erratic driving patterns as being due to sudden medical or physical conditions.
Whatever might be the criminal charges, the defense attorneys would come up with the best strategies to dismiss the case in the court or at least have the charges reduced offering major relief from the case to their clients.
Are you searching for drug possession lawyer, criminal defense lawyer in houston then you are at the right place. At glaw.me you can find best drug possession lawyer We would be pleased to discuss any of your legal issues to find out how we may be of service to you. For more details about warrant lawyer houston Please visit our website http://www.glaw.me/criminal-defense.php
Contact Details:
Glaw.me
2016 Main Street,Suite 102
Houston
Texas
77002
USA
713-529-9200
Watch, Text, and Win Tickets To 'Love Never Dies'Try to win a pair of tickets to Love Never Dies by answering the question seen in our contest commercial. Just text the correct answer and you're entered.
Sign-Up Now For Our 2017 Knockout PoolPut your football expertise to the test for your chance at $5,000.
Have What It Takes To Win? Sign-Up NowPick a winner for every game each week for your chance at $5000.
Get The CBSMiami Weather AppGet the new CBSMiami Weather app and stay up to date on severe weather in South Florida.
Alternate Means Of Entry For CBS Miami Texting ContestsNo mobile phone or texting plan? No problem! You can enter online for any contest on CBS Miami by entering here as an alternate means of entry.
WQAM (AM) Contest and Promotion RulesUnless otherwise specified by Radio Station WQAM (AM) (the “Station”), these rules cover routine contests and promotions conducted by the Station. These rules may be amended by separate specific rules for major contests or promotions conducted by the Station or its sponsors.
President Trump's approval rating hit its second lowest point on Tuesday, sitting at a mere 36 percent, while his disapproval rating skyrockets.
With every terrible move he makes, President Donald Trump's approval rating just keeps sinking.
On Tuesday, his disapproval rating hit a whopping 60 percent, its highest point yet, according to Business Insider. Meanwhile, his approval rating sunk to a dismal 36 percent, the second-lowest mark of his presidency —and we're barely six months in.
He hit his lowest point back in March, when his approval rating dropped to a dismal 35 percent.
The data was collected by Gallup's daily tracking poll, which also shows that the last president to hit a 60 percent disapproval rating the fastest was George H.W. Bush on his 1,290th day in office.
The comparison puts a grave perspective on Trump's current standing among Americans as Tuesday marked only his 144th day as president.
Gallup: Number of days to hit 60% job disapproval-
Obama N/A
W Bush 1,758
Clinton N/A
HW Bush 1,290
Reagan N/A
Nixon 1,736
Trump... 143 — Josh Jordan (@NumbersMuncher) June 13, 2017
Interestingly enough, Tuesday was also the day Trump took to Twitter with a rant expressing his objection to the 9th United States Circuit Court's decision to uphold the nationwide block on his travel ban. It is also the day that speculation began circulating that the Golden State Warriors would refuse an invitation to the White House to celebrate their NBA championship win.
On the bright side, the polls seem to show that more Americans are opening their eyes to the fact that Trump is unfit to run this country. However, why it took so many people this long to realize that is still a mystery.
Will these plummet numbers bring us a step closer to impeachment, or at the very least, crush his chances at reelection?
AUGUSTA,Ga (WJBF) Augusta city are trying to jump start a key component for the redevelopment of the Laney Walker Bethlehem area.
City leaders holding a work session on the 32 million dollar Foundry Place apartment complex project.
The proposal remains on hold as city leaders debate how to pay for it.
The plan has the city issuing 28 million dollars in bonds, with developers paying the rest.
Rents from the complex would cover the city's costs of paying off the bonds.
“There are always some risks to any project when we do regular anything as far as a project go there's always some risk but I'm comfortable at what we're looking at it's going to be great for the area it's going to be great for revenue in Richmond County and one of the things we need most is redevelopment,” says Commissioner Sammie Sias.
The complex located near A-U downtown would consist of 220 units with an average rent of just under 1000 dollars a month.
City leaders are expected to vote on whether to approve the project later this month.
Verizon beat expectations in the first quarter of the year with revenue growing 6.6 per cent to $31.8 billion (€26 billion).
The telecoms company said it lost 24,000 smartphones and 75,000 tablet subscriptions during the quarter but that was offset by 359,000 new connected devices, mostly in wearable technology. In fixed-line, it added 66,000 new internet users but lost 22,000 video users due to the cord-cutting trend.
Net income was $4.7 billion while earnings per share reached $1.11, up from 84 cents in the first quarter of 2017, which was in line with analyst expectations. That included a 21 cent boost related to US tax reform. The results included a $249 million charge related to an early repayment of debt and $107 million of acquisition costs related to its Oath unit which houses the Yahoo and AOL businesses.
Lower advertising
Shares in Verizon added 2.5 per cent to $49.91 in early trade.
Revenue at Oath dropped 13 per cent to $1.9 billion from the fourth quarter due to lower advertising display revenue, which Verizon said was seasonal. Conversely, its telematics and internet of things business Verizon Connect grew 13 per cent.
Lowell McAdam, chief executive and chairman of Verizon, said: “We began 2018 with strong momentum, and we expect it to continue throughout the year.” – Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2018
Team co-owner and boss Vijay Mallya is considering changing Force India's name.
The former billionaire, who is currently locked in a high profile legal battle with Indian authorities, bought the Spyker team and renamed it Force India ahead of the 2008 season.
But La Gazzetta dello Sport claims Mallya called the Silverstone based team Force India "to attract (Indian) sponsors and perhaps even bring in (Indian) F1 drivers".
However, Mallya is now locked in a bitter dispute with the Indian media and authorities, and the team switched from its traditional colours to pink for 2017.
"After changing to pink for new sponsor BWT, the team is now considering a name change", said the Gazzetta report, reminding that not long ago, Force India almost did a major naming deal with Aston Martin.
Mallya is quoted as saying: "The feeling is that with our improved performance, we are able to attract more international sponsors. (The name) Force India could be restrictive.
"But it is an important decision, not to be taken in haste," he added.
La Gazzetta dello Sport said Mallya insisted the potential name change is not linked with his legal troubles.
Prince Harry has been hailed for changing attitudes after revealing he sought counselling to come to terms with the death of his mother.
Harry , who was 12 years old when Diana, Princess of Wales, was killed in a car crash, said it was not until his late 20s that he processed his grief.
Diana, Princess of Wales
In an interview with the Daily Telegraph, the 32-year-old said he spent nearly 20 years "not thinking" about her death and eventually got help after two years of "total chaos".
The prince's decision to speak out was described as "a true turning point" by mental health charity Mind, while campaign group Time to Change said he "will have helped change attitudes" by sharing his experiences.
READ MORE: William and Harry commission statue of mother Diana
It comes amid calls for mental health education to be made compulsory in schools.
An open letter to The Times, organised by Lauren Callaghan, co-founder of the Shaw Mind Foundation, said mental health should be valued alongside academic achievement in schools.
The letter, signed by more than a dozen clinical psychologists and psychiatrists, states: "Schooling focuses on physical and academic education but neglects mental wellbeing.
"By educating young people about mental health and wellbeing in school, we can increase resilience and coping skills, boost awareness of mental health issues and encourage open, honest discussions about mental health."
Prince Harry, who is spearheading the Heads Together mental health campaign alongside the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, admitted that shutting down his emotions after losing his mother had "a quite serious effect on not only my personal life but my work as well".
He told the Daily Telegraph: "My way of dealing with it was sticking my head in the sand, refusing to ever think about my mum, because why would that help?
"(I thought) it's only going to make you sad, it's not going to bring her back. So from an emotional side, I was like 'right, don't ever let your emotions be part of anything'.
"So I was a typical 20, 25, 28-year-old running around going 'life is great', or 'life is fine' and that was exactly it.
"And then (I) started to have a few conversations and actually all of a sudden, all of this grief that I have never processed started to come to the forefront and I was like, there is actually a lot of stuff here that I need to deal with."
The prince said he eventually sought help after his brother told him he needed to deal with his feelings. He told how boxing "saved" him by helping him deal with aggression after he came close to "punching someone" when he was 28.
"It was 20 years of not thinking about it and two years of total chaos," he explained.
Asked whether he had ever been to see a "shrink", he replied: "I've done that a couple of times, more than a couple of times, but it's great."
But the prince said that he was now in a "good place" because of the "process I have been through over the past two and a half years".
"I've now been able to take my work seriously, been able to take my private life seriously as well, and been able to put blood, sweat and tears into the things that really make a difference and things that I think will make a difference to everybody else," he said.
Paul Farmer, chief executive of mental health charity Mind, said : "It's inspiring to see Prince Harry speaking out about his experiences. It shows how far we have come in changing public attitudes to mental health that someone so high-profile can open up about something so difficult and personal.
"We know that this will have a huge impact on people who are still struggling in silence with their mental health - every time someone in the public eye speaks up we know that it encourages ordinary members of the public to do the same.
"Prince Harry speaking so candidly is a true turning point that shows that as a society we must no longer adopt a 'stiff upper lip' attitude and that we need to talk openly about mental health, something that affects us all directly."
Sue Baker, director of Time to Change, said: "Prince Harry sharing his experiences of mental health issues and the counselling he sought as a result of losing his mother will have helped change attitudes, not just at home but also overseas.
"It was a dream of mine 20 years ago that we'd see the royal family join sports people, music stars, politicians and business leaders as well as everyday people in sharing their mental health experiences in all sorts of communities."
Heads Together, an umbrella organisation for mental health charities, is the London Marathon's charity of the year.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and Harry, who hope the race will be known as "the mental health marathon", will hand out medals on the finish line at the Mall on Sunday.
Harry will also open the London Marathon expo at the ExCel Centre in east London on Wednesday, where 39,000 runners will register ahead of the event.
Bryony Gordon, who interviewed the prince for the Daily Telegraph, has previously spoken of her struggles with bulimia and obsessive compulsive disorder and is running the 26.2-mile course for the campaign.
RCMP are seeking the public's assistance in identifying a suspect in an armed robbery committed Thursday evening in Kelowna.
RCMP responded Dec. 7 at 9:26 p.m., to a report of an armed robbery just committed at the Subway Restaurant located in the 1100 block of Lawrence Avenue in Kelowna.
“Police have learned that a lone male suspect entered the store, produced a gun and demanded money,” said Cpl. Jesse O'Donaghey, in a press release.
“The suspect fled the store, in a northwest direction, with an undisclosed amount of cash.”
The lone employee was not harmed during the incident. She has since been offered the support of RCMP victim services.
The suspect is described as a Caucasian male, approximately 5-feet-7-inches tall, of slender build, seen wearing dark pants, dark shoes, and a black jacket with the hood over his head.
Anyone with any information is asked to contact Cst. Steve McBride of the Kelowna RCMP General Investigations Section (GIS) at 250-470-6396. Or remain anonymous by calling Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-8477, leaving a tip online at www.crimestoppers.net or by texting your tip to CRIMES (274637) ktown.
The last time Fortuna Sittard lost at home was a 2-0 defeat to NAC Breda last season, in March, 2017.
The defeat was Fortuna Sittard's first in six games.
Finn Stokkers gave Fortuna the lead in the sixth minute but NEC Nijmegen were back on level terms in the 16th minute.
In the 51st minute Fortuna found themselves 2-1 down following Guus Joppen's goal.
Joppen was however sent off in the 69th minute after receiving his second yellow card.
Read Also: Ex-Zambia Star Malitoli: Chipolopolo Can Beat Super Eagles Like We Beat Algeria
It seems like a straightforward question: When you work in IT, who are your customers?
We use the term all the time. We talk about customer satisfaction, customer relationships, customer service and customer experiences. Our understanding of customer-supplier relationships looms large when we set priorities and decide what to do and how to behave on the job.
The problem is that we're never completely clear about who is and isn't a customer. Whenever I ask a group of technical folks who their customers are, they all initially feel confident that they know who their customers are, but as they ask questions and challenge each other's concepts and examples, that confidence melts away. Once participants realize that customers are not organizations but individuals, all bets are off. Before long, no one is quite sure who is a customer and who is not.
This doesn't mean that the customer-supplier frame of reference is inappropriate for us to use. Rather, the confusion indicates that we need to think carefully about that frame of reference and when it does and does not serve us well.
I think it is possible to arrive at a pretty workable definition of IT's customers, but before I offer my take, it might be helpful to consider the things that confuse us in answering the question. For starters, if you work in a large organization, even discriminating between internal and external customers can be tricky. To my mind, external customers are people we serve who are not in the same company and pay cash money or trade for the services we provide. Chargebacks don't count. Internal customers work in the same organization and either pay nothing or pay for services with internal funny money.
But when I say that external customers are people we serve who are not in the same company, how far do we extend the customer label? Everyone agrees that the people who sign contracts and approve payments are customers. But let's say I own a company that sells an employee expense reporting application. If the applications director at the Goddard Flight Center buys a copy and approves the payment, she's definitely my customer. But is her boss, the Flight Center CIO? Is the CIO of NASA itself? The administrator of NASA? The congressional budget committees or the president of the United States? At some point, the chain got extended to a ridiculous length, but what was that point?
When defining internal customers, it's obvious that business sponsors are included. But what about end users and their non-sponsor managers? And when technical teams are subdivided in IT, it becomes even murkier. If you are a project manager, are the developers your customers, or are you theirs? Are developers customers of infrastructure people who supply their tools and environments? If I rely on you for something or anything, does that make me your customer?
There are no definitive answers to all of these questions, but here's my take on a useful definition.
You are my customer if:
You request a service from me (paid or not) I agree to fulfill the request None of the activity (meetings, conversations, development, testing, etc.) involved in fulfilling your request would be done were it not for your request or similar ones from other customers You are involved in any of the following: Deciding whether to acquire my services Defining the specifics of the service and/or products to be delivered The process of creating, implementing and/or supporting the technology to be delivered
So, in the NASA example above, the applications director is my customer. The CIO might be my customer, but only if he is involved in approving the purchase, and the same is true of his superiors. The systems architect who decide which package to buy are my customers, as are people on the implementation project team.
But if I am a developer working on core product features for the package and never get directly involved in the sales, customization or implementation process, my customers are from a completely different part of the customer chain. My customers are the project managers, technical leads, architects and product managers who define what features I develop next and/or what tools will be used. NASA doesn't directly influence my work at all.
So, before you start planning out major efforts to improve your customer relationships, internal or external, it pays to invest in clarifying who those customers are so that you can focus your efforts on the right people and the right experiences.
TIMMINS -
O'Gorman may have first-place locked down as the NEOAA boys high school hockey playoffs loom, but the Knights were knocked off their horse Tuesday by the Kirkland Lake District Composite School Devils by a 5-0 score at the Archie Dillon Sportsplex.
With only a handful of games remaining in both the boys and girls high school hockey schedules, there's still a battle to decide who will finish in the top four and move into the postseason where tickets to late March's OFSAA Championships will be earned.
The portraits did become clearer after Tuesday's slate of games, however.
The Knights, playing their final game of the boys high school regular season, back into the playoffs on a losing note in spite of a convincing campaign prior to Tuesday's shutout defeat to the Devils.
The École secondaire Hearst Nordiks look to have second secured, while the Devils, the École secondaire catholique Thériault Flammes and Timmins High & Vocational School Blues continue to battle for the two final playoff spots.
The Flammes will need a big performance against the Devils in Kirkland Lake next week to give themselves a chance to finish in the top four.
Unlike many other high school sports, the 'A' and 'AA' divisions are combined in boys and girls hockey, as are the teams from 'AAA' and 'AAAA' schools. That means all teams in Northeastern Ontario get to compete head-to-head for a spot at OFSAA.
The OFSAA 'A/AA' Boys Hockey Championships are being held from March 20-23 in Fort Frances.
Though the Knights boys knew they had top spot locked down, Tuesday's dud against the Devils left Knights boys head coach Jean-Pierre Gauvin slightly miffed.
“They (the Devils) were definitely hungry so they came out hard today,” said Gauvin. “We're just trying to figure out how a team can play so hard and so well (in the Knights' 2-1 win over Hearst on Monday), then play a game where there were just a lot of little mistakes.
“They haven't done that for a long time so it was hard to watch them regress to the little mistakes they were making.”
Callum Sackrider finished with two goals and an assist in the win for KLDCS, while Dawson Breen had a goal and two helpers.
At the other end of the rink, an O'Gorman team loaded with players from the local midget and bantam 'AAA' and 'AA' teams had a hard time getting a sniff at the crease of Devils goalie Ethan Armstrong.
“If I had known (why we played so poorly) we might have won the game,” said Gauvin, who couldn't help but chuckle. “But no, (the Devils) have played us tough all year. They've got good goaltending, and like I said, the little things like getting the puck in deep, the little chips, the smart plays, we weren't doing.
“We've got to play smart, defensive hockey and let the rest happen.”
For the girls, the chase for the playoffs is equally heated. But unlike the boys side, no team had clinched first prior to Tuesday's action.
The competition in the girls division has been tight all year between the Thériault Flammes, the TH&VS Blues, the Hearst Nordiks, the Timiskaming District Secondary School Saints and the École secondaire Sainte-Marie Apollo.
The Flammes secured at least one of the top two spots with 8-1 and 5-2 wins over the Saints on Tuesday. Thériault's girls have a two-game set with TH&VS on Monday, Feb. 27 to end the regular season.
Flammes head coach Pat Durepos said the girls “came out firing” Tuesday morning in their first real action since exams, then carried that into their second game later that day.
“It had been a while since we'd played a couple of games so I guess they had that eagerness in them to get out there and have a good start,” said Durepos. “We put a lot of pucks to the net and a lot of girls made things happen.”
Max Martel, Joelle Boissonneault and Alexia Racicot each scored twice in Tuesday morning's 8-1 opener against the Saints, while Maggie Little replied in the defeat for TDSS.
Racicot potted to more goals in the Flammes' 5-2 victory later in the day, with Brooklyne Moore, Sage Rousseau and Jessica Hawson also providing offence. Little was again dangerous for TDSS and found the scoresheet. Jenna Sanderson also scored for the Saints.
Maxine Dupuis picked up both victories in net for the Flammes.
Thériault currently sits atop the girls standings with 15 points and two games remaining, while Sainte-Marie is second with 12 points and all their matchups completed.
TH&VS currently ranks third with nine points, but the Blues girls have four games remaining, including their two games with Thériault and another pair of faceoffs with Hearst.
TDSS and Hearst are tied with four points apiece. The Saints have two games left, while the Nordiks still need to play four.
The RMSS girls will finish their season next Tuesday, Feb. 21 against the Saints.
“Anybody can take it,” said Durepos. “It's going to come down to tiebreakers at the end. It's going to be close.”
“It means girls hockey is growing and there's interest. This year, we had O'Gorman and RM (the Roland Michener Secondary School Rebels) joining the league again. It was good to see them participating in the league and hopefully get their program up and going.”
The NEOAA Girls Hockey Championship is scheduled to be played Wednesday, March 1 at 1:30 p.m. the McIntyre Arena. The semi-finals (1 vs. 4, 2. vs. 3) will be played that morning at 10 a.m. and 11 a.m.
The OFSAA 'A/AA' Girls Hockey Championships will be played from March 21-24 in Stratford.
A primary school in West Auckland has warned parents not to post photos of other children taken at school events on social media without permission.
The warning comes after some parents were alerted to unwanted photos of their child appearing online.
In the letter, the principal remained caregivers that a child's right to privacy was something to be mindful of.
Now the New Zealand School Trustees Association is spreading the message nationwide.
Speaking to the Breakfast programme this morning, privacy law specialist Kathryn Dalziel says taking photos of children in a public place isn't a breach of the child's right to privacy by law.
"Parents just need to be mindful a little bit that people might misinterpret the purpose of why they're taking photographs."
Ms Dalziel says although taking photographs of children in public places isn't policed, parents should do the "right thing" and not post photos on social media.
Consumers say the types of retail-email personalization that they value most are targeted promotions/discounts (55% cite) and tailored recommendations (37%), according to recent research from Dynamic Yield.
The report was based on data from a survey of 550 consumers from North America, Europe, and Asia age 18 and older.
Just 25% of shoppers in North America say the emails they receive from retailers are truly personalized. A much higher share of shoppers in both Europe (62%) and Asia (77%) say the emails they receive are personalized.
Some 62% of shoppers in North America say they respond favorably to personalized emails from retailers. Most shoppers across all regions say they receive five or more retail emails every day.
Check out the infographic to see more findings from the survey:
About the research: The report was based on data from a survey of 550 consumers from North America, Europe, and Asia age 18 and older.
A 69-year-old Chitungwiza man, who was being accused of raping his six-year-old neighbour, has been acquitted due to lack of evidence.
Ashanie Shakie was acquitted by Chitungwiza regional magistrate Ms Estere Chivasa yesterday after a full trial.
Ms Chivasa said there was no evidence to prove that Shakie had committed the offence.
“The medical report which was tendered by the State did not show any evidence of rape, hence the court could not rely on it,” she said. “State failed to prove its case and I have found you innocent.”
Prosecutor Mr Tendai Mukariri was alleging that on February 23, the minor was playing with a friend outside the family home.
Shakie was alleged to have called the minor and promised to give her money. It was alleged he carried the minor on his back and raped her in a trench. The State alleged that Shakie gave the minor 10 cents after committing the offence.
The alleged abuse came to light after the mother noticed that the minor was having difficulties in walking. She took the minor to the clinic where she was advised to report the alleged abuse to the police, leading to Shakie's arrest.
Meanwhile, a Chitungwiza man has been jailed for one year for robbery.Tichaona Madade (29) was facing robbery charges together with Sherperd Nyamukapa (32) and Masamba Tanyaradzwa (22) after attacking Allen Chipaike (32).
The other two were acquitted while Madade was convicted by Chitungwiza magistrate Mrs Blessing Murwisi after a full trial.
Madade pleaded not guilty but was convicted after overwhelming evidence.
Mrs Murwisi initially sentenced him to an 18-month jail term, but set aside six months for five years on condition of good behaviour.
Prosecutor Mr Tendai Katonha told the court that on February 4 at around 10pm, the complainant was travelling home from Chigovanyika Night Club when it started raining. He decided to seek shelter at a flea market shade nearby and upon arrival he found two people standing at a distance.
Two other people came out of the nightclub and joined the other two who were already seeking shelter under the shade and tipped them that Chipaike was flush in cash.
The complainant overheard them and tried to run back to the nightclub. The four, however, managed to catch him before stabbing him with an unknown object in the neck several times. They also kicked him in the face before stealing $64.
Chipaike sustained a deep cut on his back as a result of the assault.
The complainant's friend who was coming out of the bar saw what was happening and tried to intervene but was chased away by the group. Chipaike was later assisted by relatives who referred him to Chitungwiza Central Hospital.
CHARLOTTE: Watching his friend Jordan Spieth win major titles was beyond frustrating for Justin Thomas, who captured one of his own Sunday (Monday in Manila) by winning the PGA Championship at Quail Hollow.
“Frustration probably isn't the right word. Jealousy definitely is,” Thomas said. “There's no reason to hide it. I wanted to be doing that and I wasn't. There's only four of them in a year, and to be one of them, a major champion, is really cool.”
World No.2 Spieth won last month's British Open to go with his 2015 Masters and US Open titles, and would have completed a career Grand Slam by taking the Wana­maker Trophy that Thomas hoisted.
“Hopefully I'm going to win some more, plenty more, a lot more,” Thomas said. “I know you can't get to two unless you get one. So I'm excited to have this and it's incredible. It was an awesome day. It was a great experience. It's huge for me.”
And from telling his girlfriend in advance to change her flight plans to sinking three emotional back-nine birdies, Thomas kept his cool while thinking all along it was his week to win.
“I truly felt like I was going to win,” Thomas said. “My girlfriend was supposed to fly out at about 7 and I was like, ‘You need to change your flight to later, because I just feel like I don't want you to miss this. I feel like I'm going to get it done.' I was just very confident.”
And he never felt overcome by the tension and pressure on a day when he was among five deadlocked for the lead at one stage.
“I just had an unbelievable calmness,” Thomas said. “I thought I would be very shaky. At one point, I looked at my hand and it was a little bit shaky. But that's why you play. You play for those nerves.”
Thomas found his resolve after sinking a 14-foot putt to salvage bogey at the first hole.
“I pretty much couldn't have drawn up a worse start,” Thomas said of his first four shots. “After rolling that in, it just kind of calmed me down and kept me going.”
At the par-5 10th, his tee shot bounced off a tree into the fairway. Then an eight-foot birdie putt hung on the edge of the cup nearly 10 seconds before falling in.
“I was like, ‘This ball has to go in. There's no way that it can stay there,'” Thomas said. “I threw a little fit to try to see what would happen. The gravity took over and the roar was pretty loud, so that was pretty cool.”
Going ‘the most berserk'
Thomas seized command with a 40-foot chip-in at the par-3 13th and celebrated in style as the crowd went wild.
“That chip-in on 13 was probably the most berserk I've ever gone on the golf course. Yeah, it was nice,” Thomas said. “You can look really stupid in a heartbeat. To have that chip come out perfectly was (wonderful) and that was a roar like I've never experienced.”
He sparked another roar with a tee shot to 15 feet over water at the par-3 17th, then holed the putt, the ball dropping in from the left side to all-but seal his triumph.
“That was one of the best golf shots I've probably ever hit in my life,” he said. “When you get in those moments, that adrenaline, it's so hard to take something off of a club. That shot, I'll never forget that vision in my head when it landed.
“And when that putt went in, it was definitely a relief.”
Thomas is the third consecutive American in his 20s to win a major after Spieth and US Open champion Brooks Koepka, and the third first-time major winner in a row at the PGA after Australian Jason Day in 2015 and American Jimmy Walker last year.
AFP
The Herbal Medicine Market is expected to reach $ 111 billion by the end of 2023, this market is projected to growing at a CAGR of ~ 7.2 % during 2017-2023. Herbal medicine, or phytomedicine is a medicinal system using a plant or animal materials such as seeds, roots, leaves, bark, flowers, oils etc. for medicinal purposes. Herbalism has emerged from a long historical tradition of using nature for curing diseases.
According to WHO estimates, almost 80% of population of many Asian and African countries depend on traditional medicine for primary health care. The market drivers for the Global Herbal Medicine Market are growing aging population, increasing consumer awareness, little or no side effects, supplier innovations, and the release of Current Good Manufacturing Practices (CGMP) for dietary supplements by the FDA. Another factor is escalating prices, tighter health budgets of modern medicinal system which has driven consumers towards the more economical and safer herbal medicine systems.
The market constraints are lack of research and standardization in herbal medicines, poor legal and regulatory frame work which causes patent problems, poor manufactured herbal products etc. Considering all these factors the market for herbal medicine is expected to reach $ 111 billion by the end of 2023, this market is projected to growing at a CAGR of ~ 7.2 % during 2017-2023.
To Explore More, Get PDF Sample Copy @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/3250 .
Key Players for Global Herbal Medicine Market
Key players profiled in the report are Himalaya Drug Company, Blackmores, Tsumura, Schwabe, Madaus, Arkopharma, Sheng Chang Pharmaceutical Company, China Herbs Company, Nutraceutical International Corporation, Ricola AG, Zandu Pharmaceutical Works Ltd, Hamdard laboratories, Dabur, Patanjali Ayurved Ltd.
Regional Analysis for Global Herbal Medicine Market
Asia Pacific countries such as China followed by India accounts for the maximum market share due to its tradition of using the herbal system. Europe is the second largest market due to large disposable income and growing demand for natural therapies and remedies. The European market will be led by France followed by Germany. Asia pacific region will be the fastest region because of which will be led by China and India. The Middle East and Africa market will be led by the gulf nations particularly Saudi Arabia and UAE. The poor regions of Africa are expected to be a laggard due to poor economic and political conditions.
Some Brief Table of Contents of Report
Chapter 1. Report Prologue
Chapter 2. Market Introduction
2.1 Definition
2.2 Scope Of The Study
2.2.1 Research Objective
2.2.2 Assumptions
2.2.3 Limitations
Chapter 3. Research Methodology
3.1 Introduction
3.2 Primary Research
3.3 Secondary Research
3.4 Market Size Estimation
Chapter 4. Market Dynamics
4.1 Drivers
4.2 Restrains
4.3 Opportunities
4.4 Challenges
4.5 Macroeconomic Indicators
4.6 Technology Trends & Assessment
Chapter 5. Market Factor Analysis
5.1 Porters Five Forces Analysis
5.1.1 Bargaining Power Of Suppliers
TOC Continued…
Get Complete Access of Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/herbal-medicine-market-3250 .
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Statistical Report, Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
Contact Us:
Market Research Future
Hadapsar, Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
Phone: +1 646 845 9312
By Hayden Wright
Yesterday, Maroon 5 revealed the tracklist and roster of collaborators on Red Pill Blues, their sixth studio album which drops November 3. Today, fans can hear “Help Me Out” featuring Julia Michaels.
Related: Maroon 5 Reveal ‘Red Pill Blues' Tracklist & Special Guests
The “Issues” singer duets with Adam Levine on the track, which focuses on two people helping one another overcome life's challenges.
“I'm getting kinda over this/ I need a metamorphosis /Are you as weak as me? /If not, do you wanna be?” Levine sings. “I need some temporary saving / I need some, some uncomplicated…”
The singers duet over a spare, electronic soundscape that's both moody and upbeat—and Michaels' voice is an excellent complement to Levine's. “Help Me Out” follows “What Lovers Do,” Maroon 5's collaboration with SZA that debuted last month.
Listen to “Help Me Out” here:
Repair works on a section of rail line in Dublin were delayed for several months last year because the number of discarded syringes in the area made it impossible to carry out the job.
The area in question was a stretch of rail track near the derelict lock-keeper's cottage at the Royal Canal, close to the North Strand Road, on the north side of Dublin city.
There are a huge amount of syringes in the area which makes it very difficult to carry out the work
Syringes had been cleared from the spot on a number of occasions but the problem persisted and made the required work very difficult, according to minutes from last September's meeting of the Dublin City Canals Royal Canal Development Group.
The work eventually took place in mid-December after vegetation and a hoarding was removed and after Irish Rail liaised with a nearby addiction clinic.
Replace
The minutes of the September meeting said an Irish Rail representative “stated that he has to replace a stretch of rail line at the lock-keeper's cottage. However, there are a huge amount of syringes in the area which makes it very difficult to carry out the work. [The representative] has had the syringes cleared on at least three occasions to date but it remains as bad as ever.”
The minutes said staff from Irish Rail and Waterways Ireland would “visit the site so that they could review the area and to try to secure the site as quickly as possible in order for Irish Rail to progress their repair work”.
An Irish Rail spokesman told The Irish Times that “vegetation was removed from the areas and a hoarding that drug users were sheltering behind was removed and replaced with fencing, that makes the area more open.
“We were also in touch with a nearby clinic working with those suffering from addiction to explain the issue, and the combination of these activities have seen the number of instances dramatically reduce.”
Wednesday afternoon, a Kansas couple became parents to five Kansas siblings whose adoption request gained international attention.
Jeff and Toni Whaley of rural Douglas County officially adopted the so-called "Fab Five," ages 3 to 12, a little over a year after they saw a video online about the children.
The Whaleys applied for adoption soon after they saw the video, they said Wednesday, before a story by The Star on the children's hope to stay together went viral on social media.
The siblings are (from youngest to oldest): Olive, Landon, Layla, Preston and Bradley. The Whaleys have no other children, though they've served as foster parents the past several years.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
"We feel blessed," Jeff Whaley said.
Featured in March 2017 in The Star's weekly "Family Wanted" feature, the siblings' story drew some 7 million online readers and thousands of offers to adopt from as far away as Ireland and New Zealand.
The unprecedented flood of inquiries on the state-contracted Adopt Kansas Kids website crashed the site the day after the children's story published.
The Kansas Department of Children and Family Services, which oversaw the children's placement, strove from the start to keep them together in their home state. They had been living in separate foster homes in central Kansas.
Until Wednesday's court proceeding, the state strictly guarded the siblings' background and even where they were living. Still, the few details about their story seemed to captivate: big brother Bradley was "the music lover"; middle child Layla "is already planning to save sick or injured animals when she grows up"; Layla "loves to be cuddled."
State officials later said interest in the Fab Five helped draw families to other children in need of adoption.
Johnson County District Judge Kathleen Sloan presided over the adoption ceremony. Earlier this year, Sloan legalized the adoption of four siblings, ages 11 to 17, to Eric and Phyllis Watson of Gardner.
"There is nothing better than an adoption, in part because you came into this courtroom happy and I get to let you leave happy," Sloan said.
Judge Kathleen Sloan made all 5 adoptions official this afternoon. Bradley, Preston, Layla, Landon and Olive found their forever home with parents Jeff and Toni, of Douglas County pic.twitter.com/Aew8U04JYY — Conner Mitchell (@ConnerMitchell0) May 30, 2018 Jeff and Toni told @KCStar before the adoption ceremony that the Fab 5 asked to join their family from on a book of possible homes. “They have a voice in the process ... We feel very blessed,” Jeff said. pic.twitter.com/FJiVTEsT0S — Conner Mitchell (@ConnerMitchell0) May 30, 2018 The 5 have lived with Jeff and Toni since the beginning of the school year. Jeff: “They are very happy. They've been through some pain, but they've adjusted well to having some positive role models (in our family).” pic.twitter.com/4KfftUIVNk — Conner Mitchell (@ConnerMitchell0) May 30, 2018
Kansas City lawyer Gene Balloun provided pro-bono assistance to the Whaleys, as he has done for more than 1,000 other local adoption cases. His law firm, Shook Hardy & Bacon, administers the state-funded Kansas Foster Children Adoption and Scholarship Program, which provides college tuition grants to persons once in the foster-care system.
"When these five children reach college age, they'll qualify for the help," said Balloun, himself a foster parent to 29 children going back decades.
The five siblings have lived with the Whaleys since the beginning of the school year.
“They are very happy," Jeff Whaley said. "They've been through some pain, but they've adjusted well to having some positive role models (in our family).”
Nine-year-old Layla, the chattiest one, said: "It was really, really important that we stay together."
After the proceeding, she praised Judge Sloan.
"That was amazing," she said. "The judge was so nice."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The UK's largest provider of foodbanks has warned that Universal Credit is leaving people without money for weeks on end, damaging their mental health and destroying relationships.
One claimant said they wanted to give up their children to ensure they had food to eat.
In a damning report, the Trussell Trust said Universal Credit, the Government's flagship reform to the benefits system, helped explain why foodbank use had shot up.
The charity distributed 119,946 three-day emergency food parcels in the West Midlands between April 1 2017 and March 31 2018.
This was up from 41,396 in the 12 months up to March 31 2013.
The charity provides around two-thirds of food banks across the UK.
Trussell Trust Chief Executive Emma Revie said: "We need to move towards a UK where no one needs a foodbank's help, not a country where charity provision is the only defence from utter destitution.”
Trussell Trust staff asked food bank users how they had been affected by Universal Credit. Seven out of ten said they had got into debt because Universal Credit is designed to make claimants wait six weeks for the first payment, in an attempt to mimic the way people are paid at work.
One person stated that the wait for money “messed me and my family up so much, wanted to give kids up so they got food, couldn't cope with anxiety and stress.”
Another person reported being sanctioned, meaning their payments were stopped, because they attended their grandmother's funeral.
They said: “At foodbank today because we have no money for meals for rest of week. Sanctioned for 3 months for not attending on a particular day, even though I had called on the day before to provide evidence on that day I'd be attending grandmother's funeral - was told that wasn't a good enough reason.”
One person said they couldn't cook food because they could not afford energy bills. They reported “falling into debt with gas and electric also not being able to cook my food as I have to pay by card and key meter.”
Another reported stomach pain caused by hunger. They said: “I have fallen into debt, juggling a lot and having my 3 children, my anxiety and depression have returned, well never really went away, but feel like it's gotten a lot worse.
“Can't breathe with worry, very little money left, sometimes going hungry and getting bad stomach pain.”
Respondents linked applying for Universal Credit and falling into debt with depression and anxiety. One person said: “Since being on UC, fallen into debt, become very depressed, mental health has suffered.”
Ms Revie said “At a first glance, there is significant variety in people's explanations of what led to needing a foodbank following a problem with Universal Credit: some people are claiming the new benefit after losing a job, whilst others have moved home to be near family or have recently dealt with a relationship breakdown.
"But these different reasons disguise a striking similarity across everyone's journeys from starting an application to Universal Credit and arriving at a foodbank: there was nowhere else to turn, and Universal Credit let them down."
The Government last year announced that claimants would be offered loans to help them cope with the wait for their first payment.
But the Trussell Trust survey found that this created problems because the loans had to be repaid when Universal Credit payments started, which meant people did not have enough to live on.
In some cases, people who worked on a temporary basis or on zero-hours contracts found that they were forced to re-apply for Universal Credit.
Mistakes were made and payments were sometimes too low or too high, with future payments cut to compensate. This made financial planning impossible.
And in some cases, Universal Credit payments were just not enough to live on even when the system worked successfully.
The report said: “Most respondents could not afford to live on their full award, so benefit levels must keep pace with the cost of living and uprated in line with inflation.”
The researchers found 57% had experienced issues with their mental or physical health and 56% experienced housing issues.
Poor administration was a persistent concern, with 35% of users saying they were actually forced to wait longer than 6 weeks for their first payment. A third had experienced poor communication, and 30% found that mistakes were made with their payments and they weren't given all the money they were owed.
Tom Bruce went mainstream on January 30 last year.
It was the Ford Trophy final at Pukekura Park, and Central Districts had decided to bat against Canterbury.
Bruce strode to the wicket with the Stags 281 for three in the 43rd over. With 43 balls left he could have worked the ball around and built on was already heading towards a competitive total.
Instead he swung the bat like a lumberjack who was late for supper. His channelling of world champion woodchopper Jason Wynyard saw seven sixes heaved into the upper tiers of the postage stamp ground. He finished on 71 from 23 balls and CD had an unassailable 405 for six.
The innings saw Bruce touted as a bolter for March's World T20. He wasn't, but had made his mark on the cricketing map.
Bruce's performances in other formats have also been prolific. He averages 46.51 after 21 first-class matches and 38.92 with a strike rate of 156 from 18 T20 outings.
His international call-up to the latter format seemed imminent.
In the McDonald's Super Smash Bruce sits sixth on the strike rate charts for those to score over 100 runs. His figure of 171.51 sits behind Colin De Grandhomme (222.63), Ross Taylor (178.02), Mitchell Santner (173.23), Jimmy Neesham (172.58) and Mahela Jayawardene (172.19). He clears the rope regularly; his 15 sixes are second to the 17 of Jayawardene and Hamish Rutherford this season.
"Tom's a consistent power hitter, and his craftsmanship and gamesmanship has gone to another level this season," selector Gavin Larsen said.
Bruce appears equally comfortable blasting through the off or legside. He looks a doppelganger for John R Reid in archive footage, with massive arms to match.
Continued below.
Related Content Cricket: The absence of the in-form and unlucky Ross Taylor Australia have eye on future, chasing Pakistan whitewash Cricket: Mitchell Santner a chance for breakout 2017
Playing for New Zealand will end the 25-year-old's pursuit of a career with Scotland, the birthplace of his father.
Bruce played for Scotland A in June, scoring 70 and 1, but never appeared for the national side coached by former New Zealand representative Grant Bradburn.
If he had, the decision would not have affected any immediate Black Caps aspirations.
Under the International Cricket Council eligibility rules there is no stand down period for players who represent an associate nation before a test-playing side.
Bruce sought advice from some experienced Central Districts counsel in the build-up to his debut.
"I had a good chat with Mahela [Jayawardene] and Ross [Taylor]. They said I'd been picked for a reason, and to play my natural game.
"The last few days have been surreal. I've had a couple of seasons on the domestic circuit but I feel like I've been around a while and played enough cricket to take my game to the next level."
Bruce was farewelled by Stags teammates at Auckland airport on New Year's Day as they prepare to play the Super Smash finals as top qualifier.
"It's a Catch-22. I found it tough to walk away, but making your debut is also a big occasion."
He's also hoping support arrives from his base in Stratford.
"It's a small town and it's special to represent them and the Taranaki region. I'm hopeful a few of the club guys will come over in full voice."
Left-armer Ben Wheeler is also in line to make his T20 international debut with Trent Boult rested. He's already played six ODIs, the last against South Africa in August 2015.
"His ability to swing the ball at a decent clip can trouble any batsmen, as he's shown in domestic cricket this season," Larsen said.
Napier hosts the opening Twenty20 tomorrow with the series shifting to Mount Maunganui for matches on January 6 and 8.
- NZ Herald
Nine take their chances in year of the rooster
Several suspects flew the coop but left their motos behind when police raided a cockfighting ring in Preah Sihanouk province's Ream commune on Sunday.
Authorities said the illicit venue had been active for a while, and villagers were complaining about the crowing, but when they arrived on the scene, gamblers fled with their prized birds.
Nine motos were left at the scene and are now waiting for their owners at the district station.
NATIONAL POLICE
Man who poured boiling water over Hastings co-worker's head for taking a slice of sausage deported
The incident, that was caught on camera, took place in the lunchroom of a Turners and Growers pack house in Whakatu, near Hastings, in July 2015.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The message leading up to the January transfer window and during it was consistent; Derby County wanted to trim a top-heavy squad and any incomings would be dictated by the outgoings, to an extent.
It is important to bear this in mind when judging whether or not it was a good window for the club.
Here are the facts.
A host of under-23 players, including Mason Bennett and Max Lowe, went out on loan - sensible and necessary moves for their development, because only so much can be learned about a young player within age-group football.
The senior players to depart were Jason Shackell (on loan to Millwall), Darren Bent (on loan to Burton Albion), Chris Martin (on loan to Reading) and Johnny Russell (permanent transfer to Sporting Kansas City).
Of the four, only Russell and Martin had contributed to the first team regularly this season. They have, in theory, been replaced by attacking midfielder Kasey Palmer and striker Cameron Jerome.
Bent had not made an appearance while Shackell played only two games, in the Carabao Cup. Both players are out-of-contract this summer and not likely to be offered new deals.
So, has the squad been left in a stronger or weaker state?
(Image: Derby County Football Club)
There is no definitive answer to that because the answer is down to opinion but, actually, the squad has changed little from the one that lifted Derby into second place in the Championship on the back of a 10-match unbeaten run in the League and a sequence of only two defeats in the last 22 league fixtures.
Not a lot of work was needed apart from a few tweaks here and there.
Rowett wanted to add "something different" to his options. Jerome is different to Martin, Palmer is different to Russell.
Jerome is full of Championship know-how. He has shown enough promise in his cameo roles as a substitute so far to suggest he can make a contribution. His first start must come soon.
Palmer is 21 and inexperienced. A player full of potential and raw talent, creative and unpredictable. He played a part in Huddersfield Town's promotion but he has played little football in the past year due to hamstring problems. It will be interesting to see how and where he figures in the plans.
Both Jerome and Palmer join many others in the squad who have promotion(s) on their CV, and that could be vital in the next three months or so.
One of many flaws of the transfer window system is that it messes with emotions.
Do lots of signings mean a successful window? Of course not.
Does a quiet window equate to a disappointing window? Of course not.
The success or not of a window depends very much on a team's current health and standing.
Rowett had said many times that Derby would not just add to the numbers, any new arrivals had to improve his options or bring that "something different".
Improving on what Derby already have been never going to be easy without splashing daft money, as clubs can tend to do in transfer windows. The Rams had irons in the fire on deadline day and there could have been more signings - Ademola Lookman, Jason Steele, James McClean, Kamil Grosicki all names in the frame.
(Image: AFP/Getty Images)
Thankfully, the silliness of deadline day is behind us until next time and now we will see if Rowett's squad can get over the promotion finish line.
Is there enough in the squad to reach the Premier League?
The goalkeeper and defence looks as good as any in the division - 10 clean sheets in the last 13 league games - and only three goals conceded supports the statement.
The midfield is full of know-how, composure and quality on the ball.
Is there enough legs in there?
That has become less of an issue given Derby's 4-2-3-1 set up because provision of legs, energy, inter-changing and movement falls very much on the shoulders of the front four.
But it is in the forward department where concern lingers, where any slight disappointment surrounding Derby's window lies. Could they have added more? Should they have added more?
Only two teams - leaders Wolverhampton Wanderers (51) and Fulham (49) - have scored more goals than Derby's 44 but the Rams have failed to score in three of their last six league matches.
(Image: James Chance/Getty Images)
Tom Lawrence, Andreas Weimann, Ikechi Anya - back in favour - and Bradley Johnson will battle for the two wide attacking roles in the 4-2-3-1. Palmer also comes into the equation, now, although those who watched him at Huddersfield say his position is as a number 10.
The challenge facing Lawrence and Weimann is to up their consistency levels, end product and contribution of goals. Between them they have scored only five goals in 51 games, 41 of which have been starts.
Striker David Nugent has six goals in 25 games (20 starts) and only two in his last 12 appearances.
Derby cannot keep relying on top scorer Matej Vydra's goals and creativity, others have to chip in. Just one goal has come from the recognised central midfielders and just one from the centre-backs.
Derby must avoid becoming predictable in that area of the pitch in terms of being over-reliant on Vydra.
Four of the last six league games have ended in draws and it will prove so valuable if Derby can nick wins from tight contests, of which there will be many in the next 17 games.
Maybe this is where Palmer comes in, or even Johnson once fit, because he has shown he can grab a goal from that position on the left of the three behind the striker.
Derby sitting second at this stage is better than most people expected but they have Aston Villa, Cardiff City and Bristol City breathing down their neck.
Can they hold onto second spot?
Time will tell but what is clear now that the window has closed is there is no reason why this squad cannot finish in the top-six.
A redundant water storage tank built to serve the old Dingleton Hospital near Melrose could be set to be converted into two new houses.
Plans have been drawn up to turn the 140-year-old brick-clad building into two L-shaped sunken homes.
Aitken Turnbull Architects' design for two houses incorporating the old water tank for Dingleton Hospital.
Applicant David Burgher wants to convert the building, set in a 31m-by-16.5m concrete basin 3m deep, into two three or four-bedroom homes with timber and glass panel walls arranged around a sunken courtyard.
The properties would have filtered views of the Eildon Hills from their upper terraces but would be largely invisible from public view.
A report by Aitken Turnbull Architects said: “The building is structurally sound below ground and makes for logical, sympathetic and highly energy-efficient conversion to residential use.”
Design plans show that the brick clad exterior would be kept and a barrel-vaulted pump-house would be retained as a store.
Aitken Turnbull Architects' design for two houses incorporating the old water tank for Dingleton Hospital.
The design statement explains: “The plan form is a simple narrow L-shape which utilises the existing structure on two sides and allows for glazed walls to the south and west to maximise solar gain deep into the building.
“A staircase and service core is located within the hinge of the L plan and splits the wings into bedroom and living zones looking out into the sunken courtyard garden.
“The upper floor provides the entrance at natural ground level and has been designed as a simple square timber-clad pod which opens onto a roof terrace over the bedrooms.”
Discussing the application at Melrose Community Council's April meeting, Robin Chisholm said: “It's semi-derelict and these are interesting plans. It bears no resemblance to the surrounding properties, but due to the location, it shouldn't have a visual impact.”
The community council had no objections but felt that, should the conversion go ahead, the 30mph limit should be moved up the hill, so that the proposed entry and exit would fall within it.
Towie's Gemma Collins releases swimwear collection with Boohoo.com
Ladies of all sizes can now feel their absolute best on the beach thanks to the GC's new range of swimming costumes and kaftans.
Away from the agg of the ITV Be show, Gemma, 37, is a successful plus-size fashion designer, and her new capsule collection with Boohoo showcases her eye for patterns and cuts.
There are 90s-inspired chain prints lashing of leopard, and of course, lots of hot block colours to make an impact on the beach or at the pool party.
Best of all, nothing is more than £20!
Gemma's collection come up to size 22, and some items are also available in standard sizing, including the chain print tie front top, £18, she's wearing in the picture above.
With holiday season about to kick off - and the summer about to hot up (hopefully) - they won't be in stock for long.
As Ulsterbus celebrates its 50th anniversary, GRAEME COUSINS looks at the downgrading of the rail network in Northern Ireland during the 1950s and 1960s while a local railway society gives its opinion on the impact the bus network had on railways in the Province
When the bus network in Northern Ireland began to expand, the Province's railways suffered.
A vintage Ulsterbus which arrived at a time when the road network was receiving a lot of investment
Even before Ulsterbus was born in 1967, railways across Northern Ireland were being shut down by the Ulster Transport Authority (UTA) as more and more emphasis was put on developing the road infrastructure and in turn bus services.
1950 was to be the year the levee broke for railways in Northern Ireland. Almost all of the Belfast and County Down Railway was closed that year, while the UTA also closed the Magherafelt to Kilrea section of Derry Central Railway and the freight-only line from Limavady to Dungiven.
Branch lines were also closed to Cookstown, Draperstown and Limavady. In what was to be a summer to forget for rail users, the narrow gauge lines at Ballycastle, Ballymena and Larne were also finished.
In later years the line between Castlewellan and Newcastle in Co Down was shut down, while large parts of the Great Northern Railway to the west of the Province were shut down leaving Co Fermanagh cut off from the rest of Northern Ireland.
It was to get worse in 1963 when the Northern Ireland government acted on some of the recommendations of a report by accountant Sir Henry Benson who suggested the closure of all UTA railways except the Belfast commuter lines to Bangor and Larne and the main line between Belfast and the Republic of Ireland.
He also recommended the closure of both railway lines connecting Belfast to Londonderry which provoked protests from the Maiden City.
In the end the main line via Coleraine was kept while the former Great Northern Railways line via Portadown was closed down.
Some saw the decision as politically motivated as the line which served more unionist areas was the one that was maintained while the closure of the other line saw stations in Dungannon, Omagh and Strabane closed down.
Portadown and Armagh Railway Society reflected on the decline in the rail network in Northern Ireland.
They said: “Some 20 years after the rail network was so savagely mutilated in 1957, it was said ‘They'll live to regret their folly, buses can never replace a fast, safe, efficient railway'.
“Today most would wholeheartedly agree, particularly those stuck in peak-hour traffic, in a car or bus.
“In 1967, Ulsterbus and NIR were born. The former, as was the case since the 1960s, was to be the saviour of public transport.
“By comparison, NIR was then a run-down set up, with track in poor condition, dilapidated stations and elderly and unreliable rolling stock.
“We were told, with motorways and better roads, the railways would probably continue to decline and buses develop as ‘kings of public transport'.
“How many in the area, bounded by Portadown, Londonderry, Portrush, Larne, Bangor and Belfast, would honestly agree with that today?
“Public transport has changed radically. Yes, Goldline bus services have been introduced, new more comfortable coaches and buses purchased, but are they really any quicker than trains over recent decades?
“Bus lanes on M1 and M2 have helped a little, but as road traffic continues to grow, sadly the buses get slower, as evidenced by a study of say Londonderry's Maiden City Flyer and Dungannon services to Belfast, especially at peak hours, where timetables are now having five, 10 and even 15 minutes added to the journey times.
“In rural areas, notably west of the Bann, many Ulsterbus routes would be totally uneconomical if it wasn't for school children. Hence services are sparse and virtually all cease after 6.30pm.
“When we study rail services in the same areas, the picture is utterly different. It is not just at peak hours when NIR trains are filled to capacity, but at off peak too, and at weekends, when trains are also well patronised.
“We understand NIR now carry more passengers than the pre-1957 system carried, even with their now more truncated network, and it is becoming harder and harder to find a parking space anywhere near a train station.”
The Portadown and Armagh Railway Society blamed politicians for the demise of railways.
They commented: “Our short-sighted politicians of the 50s, 60s and 70s caused this in their misguided stampede to obliterate the rail network, telling us how wonderful our roads would be, as we whizzed along, in our car or bus, carefree and at speed. “Those who live in non rail-served areas, would give their right arm just to have a train service.
“The like of Newtownards and Armagh are obvious areas, the former to overcome growing congestion into Belfast, and the latter to get many more tourists into that beautiful city and take many commuters and students from that southern region of the Province, to work in Belfast, in double quick time.
“It's obvious – though seemingly not to our politicians – that rail is booming. Building more roads, simply encourages more traffic, more congestion, more accidents and increasing pollution, leaving less room for essential freight traffic and buses for example.
“We must get more traffic off our highways, and at least give buses a better chance.
“Can our politicians not see that railways are a gigantic social benefit, and financial matters will never win where our economy and safety is concerned? Other countries all over Europe and indeed the rest of the UK, see that rail is essential to free up cities and towns and provide fast, safe access from rural areas.
“Why is it that here we think little of spending thousands resurfacing minor roads that carry only half a dozen vehicles daily, yet go ballistic at the idea of spending pragmatically on a few strategic fast and efficient rail links, to places like the International Airport and even continue on to Monaghan and Enniskillen?
“What a difference it would make to a journey that is frequently laborious by ever congested roads.”
British police are investigating six claims of sexual assault or assault by Academy Award-winning actor Kevin Spacey, three more than previously disclosed.
British media reported earlier this year that London's Metropolitan Police force was investigating three allegations against the former "House of Cards" star.
Police in Britain don't name suspects until they are charged. Asked about Spacey, the force did not identify him by name but said Wednesday that detectives had received a total of five allegations of sexual assault and one of assault against a man.
Five of the alleged offenses took place in London between 1996 and 2008, and the sixth in the western English city of Gloucester in 2013.
Spacey, a two-time Oscar winner, has been accused of sexual assault and inappropriate behavior by numerous men since American actor Anthony Rapp alleged last year that Spacey had climbed on top of him on a bed when Rapp was 14 and Spacey 26.
After Rapp's allegation, London's Old Vic theater, where Spacey was artistic director for 11 years until 2015, launched an investigation into its former leader. The theater said in November that it had received 20 allegations of inappropriate behavior by Spacey, and had encouraged 14 of the complainants to go to the police.
Spacey apologized to Rapp in October for "deeply inappropriate drunken behavior" and later released a statement saying he was seeking unspecified treatment. He has not commented on the other allegations.
Gary Mills is hoping there will be “good months to come” for Corby Town after they put a miserable 2016 to bed.
The Steelmen kick-off the new year with a clash against Spennymoor Town at Steel Park this afternoon (Monday, 3pm).
Corby are rooted to the foot of the Evo-Stik Northern Premier League Premier Division table and 11 points adrift of safety but they did halt a run of five successive defeats with a 0-0 draw against Halesowen Town in their final game of last year.
The statistics for 2016 didn't make pleasant reading with just six wins in 49 games in all competitions and no fewer than 32 defeats, which helped lead to relegation from the Vanarama National League North last April.
The Steelmen are now facing another demotion unless something remarkable happens over the next 21 matches.
But Mills is focused on just trying to bag his first win since taking charge back in October.
“It was nice to finish on a positive note after what has been a terrible year for the club,” the Steelmen boss said.
“Hopefully there will be many good months to come from us.
“They are all big games and if we are going to get out of the mess we are in, we need to put in performances like we did against Halesowen and put points on the board.
“To get that first win and get that monkey off our back would be huge for everyone at the club.
“They are a good group in there. They are a good, honest group and I have no doubt that they will get that win soon.”
Mills, meanwhile, insists he and his staff will “analyse” things before naming their team for this afternoon's clash.
“It's a difficult one because it is such a short turnaround,” he added.
“We have got to look at fatigue but we will analyse it and we will put our heads together and hopefully come up with a winning team.”
What are your dollars being spent on around Bundaberg?
TODAY the Bundaberg Regional Council handed down its 2017/18 Budget.
Bundaberg ratepayers have been slugged with a 3.45% average increase and a new $50 a year environment charge.
Mayor Jack Dempsey said the rate rise will fund a massive capital works spend of $130m, an amount that was only dwarfed by the budget to recover from the 2013 flood.
LOCAL BUDGET: Mayor has his say
LOCAL BUDGET: Mayor's speech
LOCAL BUDGET: By the numbers
Mr Dempsey said the spend is to keep momentum going in the region and create jobs.
What we know:
Pathways and roads around the region will be heavily invested in, especially in and around Bargara
The Rubyanna Wastewater Treatment Plant will undergo it's final stages with a boost of $20 million
Stage Two of the Bundaberg Multiplex has been allocated $7.5 million and will be complete this year
Council is investing $1 million to upgrade the streetscape in the area of the Bundaberg Rum Distillery
Construction of a third cell at the Cedars Road Landfill at a cost of almost $4.3 million is the big ticket item aligned with the Waste and Recycling budget
The CBD Fire Station will be transformed into an art and innovation hub
$500,000 has been allocated for the construction of a natural themed play area at the Botanic Gardens
Swimming pools around the region will be redeveloped
Roads and drainage- $34.24m- Cr Wayne Honor
Cr Wayne Honor. Max Fleet BUN220514NBP3
Regional roads, pathways, bridges and crossings remain a core investment of Council's budget.
One million dollars will be invested in design and construction of a pathway from Que Hee St to the Ring Road as one part of a major focus on pathways.
Hughes Road, Bargara will continue to be worked on. Paul Donaldson BUN270916DEV3
Additionally, $600,000 will be invested to further work on Hughes Rd (Wearing Rd to Watsons Rd) at Bargara Rds across the region will benefit from the $12.5 million to be injected into resurfacing and rejuvenation projects.
Council is serious about addressing legacy drainage issues across the region and has boosted its budget allocation in this area from half a million dollars to $2 million.
Water and Sewerage- $39.35m- Cr Jason Bartels
Cr Jason Bartels. Contributed
More than $20 million has been included in the Wastewater budget to progress the final stages of the Rubyanna Wastewater Treatment Plant.
Major upgrades at Woodgate Beach and at Gin Gin will improve infrastructure in these areas.
Brad Bakker, Cr Jason Bartels, Duane Crowther, Cr Bill Trevor, Chris Lovejoy and Cr Scott Rowleson at the Rubyanna Water Treatment Plant. Paul Donaldson BUN160317RUB7
The sum of $2.1 million is allocated for Burnett Heads CBD sewerage infrastructure.
Upgrades to water treatment facilities is budgeted at $$6.65 million.
A smart meter trial which involves installation and monitoring is valued at $1.25 million. Treatment plants at Kalkie and Gregory River (Childers) are scheduled for major upgrades.
Major Projects- $22.15m- Cr Greg Barnes
Cr Greg Barnes. Max Fleet BUN171114DOG1
Stage Two of the Bundaberg Multiplex has been allocated $7.5 million which will see the $12.5 million project finalised by the end of the year.
Other big ticket items contained in Major Projects include $8 million to facilitate the redevelopment of the Bundaberg CBD while $4.8 million is included to undertake the Burnett Heads CBD revitalisation.
BRC are allocating funds to work on the streetscape in the area of the Bundaberg Rum Distillery. Craig Warhurst
To support the private $8.5 million investment in the Bundaberg Rum Distillery Visitor Centre Council is investing $1 million to upgrade the streetscape in the area. Investigations into the Bundaberg Aquatic Centre and redevelopment of the Anzac Pool and Park are also budget items.
Waste and Recycling- $6.13m- Cr Scott Rowleson
Cr Scott Rowleson. Craig Warhurst
Construction of a third cell at the Cedars Road Landfill at a cost of almost $4.3 million is the big ticket item aligned with the Waste & Recycling budget.
The cell is designed and constructed to strict state government standards which will incorporate technology that captures leachate from decomposing buried rubbish as well as incorporating the ability to facilitate the gas flaring program currently in place across the current site.
More than $800,000 will be spent to start capping a landfill site that is near capacity.
The phytocapping procedure involves utilising vegetation to provide a more environmentally astute means of finalising the use of a landfill area.
A recycle shop will also be established at the Woodgate waste collection point.
Technology and Development- $3.72m- Cr Helen Blackburn
Cr Helen Blackburn.
A budget vote of $500,000 will allow Council to commence a redevelopment of the CBD Fire Station as an Art and Innovation Hub.
With the fire station relocating to a new facility the opportunity exists top transform the current fire station into a relevant community space.
The Bundaberg Fire and Rescue Service Station will be transformed into a new arts hub. Zach Hogg BUN030614FRE1
Council is also looking to purchase a section of land adjacent to the Burnett River to complement its Riverside Precinct redevelopment.
This budget allocation will also fund the cost of aerial photography to update Council's geographical information system as well as providing further CCTV installations.
Parks/Natural areas- $2.7m- Cr Bill Trevor
Cr Bill Trevor Craig Warhurst
Heading a program of initiatives aimed at providing sun smart options, better park facilities and amenities blocks across the Bundaberg Region is a $500,000 allocation for the construction of a natural themed play area at the Botanic Gardens.
The design of the play area will be a departure from the traditional plastic play zones.
The Bundaberg Botanic Gardens will have more added to it thanks to the budget. Mike Knott BUN041016TRAIN4
A number of projects identified under the State Government's Work For Queensland funding are included in Parks budget initiatives.
Picnic and Fitness nodes will pop up at locations including Barolin Point and Innes Park.
Additional funding has also been applied this year for the control of noxious and invasive plants.
Sport & Venues- Cr David Batt
Cr David Batt. Craig Warhurst
The $1.2 million redevelopment of the Norville Park Swimming Pool will continue into this budget year in conjunction with upgrades to the Childers War Memorial Swimming Pool and Gin Gin Swimming Pool. An amount of $440,000 will be invested in maintaining the standard of holiday park facilities at Elliott Heads, Moore Park and Miara.
Swimming pools around the region will be redeveloped. Paul Donaldson BUN291115SWIM2
The Childers Showgrounds will have $290,000 spent on upgrades to lighting and refurbishments to the grandstand.
It is also a welcome announcement for the Netball Association and Athletics facilities at the Superpark with $368,000 budgeted for extensions to the car park area.
Council is also undertaking a staged installation of shade sails over play areas across the region. Bargara tennis courts will also be resurfaced at a cost of $25,000.
Health & Regulatory- Cr Peter Heuser
Cr Peter Heuser.
Council has continued its development of the Recreational Precinct with an allocation of $240,000 for a new amenities block.
It is also noteworthy that numerous community groups and organisations will benefit from budget announcements for minor repair projects, particularly to halls. Boolboonda, Coronation, Wallaville and Goodnight Scrub Halls will be funded for roof replacements as well as upgraded amenities.
An amount of $25,000 will be spent on works at the Bargara Cultural Centre. An amount of $80,000 will be utilised to upgrade air-conditioning at the Council's Bundaberg Administration Centre
Community Development- $2.97m- Cr Judy Peters
Cr Judy Peters. Ashley Clark
Through Community and Cultural Services Council will continue to financially support the many community and cultural groups and organisations across the region who provide festivals and events which currently receive funding and through the Community Grants program by smaller allocations.
The Moncrieff Entertainment Centre will receive an upgraded security system. Mike Knott BUN110616CBD5
A number of projects have been identified for the Moncrieff Entertainment Centre including $30,000 for an upgraded security system.
Bundaberg Regional Library will finalise the RFID Project while Gin Gin Library will receive $15,000 for concept planning toward the establishment of a library service at the Gin Gin Service Centre.
Planning- Cr Ross Sommerfeld
Cr Ross Sommerfeld.
Council will engage in major planning initiatives over the next 12 months that will have a significant impact on the future growth of Bundaberg and the region as a whole.
Planning will progress on the Branyan Growth Corridor which involves an area of land bounded by Branyan Dr, Bonna Rd and the Isis Highway.
There will be further improvements to the Town Planning Scheme with initiatives aimed at further reducing red tape and simplifying processes associated with the Plan.
Council has now had the Plan in operation for 12 months and has been able to assess its operation during that period. Some modifications will be implemented to reflect that review.
Council will also pursue a Temporary Local Planning Implement (TLPI) to assist in extending the cane railway network of the Isis Central Sugar Mill.
Jacinda Ardern and Government welcomed on to Karetu Marae
The sound of warriors welcoming the Prime Minister onto Kelvin Davis' marae sent a booming echo across the valley at Karetu.
My name is Tonya, and I grew up on a 300-acre farm in rural Virginia that has been in my family for over 100 years. After graduating from college, receiving my master's degree in speech and language pathology, and living and working in a small city for six years, I decided to return to the place of my childhood. Here, in this rural area, on this patch of green, where for four generations my family has farmed, gardened, and lived, I, too wanted to be a part of this continuity. As a fourth generation farmgirl, I have many interests that not only include, but also go beyond the basics of farming, gardening, sheep and chicken-keeping. It is all of this and more that I plan on sharing in this blog.
1 cup pitted mixed olives (packed in oil)
1 tablespoon capers
½ cup giardiniera
½ cup roasted red peppers, roughly chopped
¼ teaspoon dried oregano
¼ teaspoon dried parsley
1 garlic clove, chopped fine
¼ teaspoon red crushed chili flake
6 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil
1 tablespoon red wine vinegar
your favorite Italian bread, focaccia or seeded loaf (we used an Italian seeded loaf)
¼ pound sliced mortadella
¼ pound sliced mozzarella
¼ pound sliced provolone cheese
¼ pound sliced capocolla
¼ pound sliced genoa salami
Combine the olives, capers, roasted red peppers, giardiniera, oregano, parsley, garlic and red crushed chili flake in a food processor.
Pulse until the pieces are about ½-inch (pea-sized.) Add the vinegar and oil, stir to combine.
Split the bread in half.
Spread the bottom half of the bread with ½ the olive mixture with its juices.
Spread the remaining olive mixture on the top of the bread. On the bottom half of the bread, layer the meats and cheeses.
Close the sandwich and press down gently.
Wrap the sandwich tightly in plastic wrap.
Place in your refrigerator overnight or for at least 6 hours. In the refrigerator, weigh down the sandwich to further press it.
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
Why it matters: Mary Meeker is considered by many to be the preeminent expert when it comes to analyzing the tech sector. Her annual reports highlight emerging online trends and how they fit into the overall technological landscape.
Venture capitalist Mary Meeker at the Code Conference on Wednesday presented her annual Internet Trends report. The expansive report covered a wide variety of topics including smartphone shipments, Internet usage and customer data.
The Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers partner found 2017 to be the first year in which smartphone unit shipments exhibited zero growth. This isn't entirely surprising, Meeker notes, as new growth gets harder to find when markets reach mainstream.
Similar trends were observed when looking at global Internet user growth. While growth in this category is still occurring, it's happening at a much slower rate. Meeker observed growth of just seven percent last year compared to 12 percent growth in 2016.
At 3.6 billion, the number of Internet users has surpassed half the world's population.
Growth may be harder to come by once hitting 50 percent market penetration, Meeker highlights, but Internet usage growth remains solid. In 2017, the average adult spent 5.9 hours a day using digital media – be it on a desktop / laptop, a smartphone / tablet or other type of connected device (although more than half of a user's time is spent on mobile).
Meeker also touched on the sensitive subject of user data – specifically, how it can play an important role in customer satisfaction, drive user engagement and improve the predictability of many services. Of course, given the string of recent data breaches, both companies and consumers are taking action to address privacy concerns.
Over the past 12 months, 64 percent of consumers responding to a survey said they've deleted or avoided certain apps due to data privacy concerns while 47 percent admitted to adjusting mobile privacy settings and 28 percent said they've disabled cookies. Furthermore, 27 percent of respondents said they don't visit or close certain websites and 26 percent now closely read privacy agreements.
Meeker's 294-page report can be viewed in full below.
A search for a cherished pet cat belonging to the daughter of Hollywood movie legend Orson Welles is feared to have ended in tragedy.
The cat called Teddy went missing two weeks ago - for the second time within months - but it is feared that a cat's body found at the weekend is that of little Teddy.
Teddy first disappeared soon after moving into his new home at Maplehurst near Horsham after arriving from the USA with his owner Beatrice Welles in May.
Distraught Beatrice launched a massive search to find Teddy and had almost given up hope of ever seeing him again when, miraculously, he was finally tracked down two months later.
He was discovered, thin and starving, by a walker on the Downs Link near West Grinstead. He was gradually recovering from his ordeal back safely home once more when he disappeared again two weeks ago.
But a neighbour of Beatrice telephoned her at the weekend to say that a cat with a striking resemblance to Teddy had been found in a ditch near her home. “It's so sad,” said Beatrice. “I'm almost certain it's him. I thought it was going to be a lovely English countryside life for him. But it wasn't to be.”
Teddy is believed to have been hit by a car soon after he disappeared for the last time.
“As awful as it is, I am grateful that I know what happened,” said Beatrice, who has buried Teddy's remains in the garden of her home.
“I would like to thank everyone who tried so hard to find him.” she added.
Vallarta Pride 2017 Reaches Record Figures in Attendance Arturo Dávalos Contreras Becomes Puerto Vallarta's First Mayor to Join the Parade
Vallarta Pride Parade in Puerto Vallarta
Contact
Gustavo Rivas-Solis
***@latitude- intl.com Gustavo Rivas-Solis
End
-- The fifth edition of Vallarta Pride was a historical festival for Puerto Vallarta and its local and visiting LGBTQI community and its allies. Over 7,000 people attended the parade which featured 60 floats, a record for the festival which also had its first Block Party.Vallarta Pride was a week-long celebration of the LGBTQI community with events mainly taking place across Puerto Vallarta's gayborhood, La Zona Romantica. Returning favorites included the Fashion Show, Pulpito's Drag Derby, pool parties, circuit parties with international DJs, film projections, a health fair, the traditional Pride Parade.The parade, which took place on Wednesday, May 24, started at the Hotel Sheraton Buganvilias followed the Malecón and culminated on Lázaro Cárdenas street, where the party continued until dawn. Thousands joined the Block Party in the heart of Vallarta's cobblestone street and Spanish architecture district enjoying circuit music, multicolor light shows, go-go dancers and fireworks hosted by Fiesta Bar, La Noche, Mr. Flamingo, Los Muertos Brewing, CC Slaughters and La Margarita.This year Mayor Arturo Dávalos Contreras became the first mayor to walk the parade. He was joined by his wife, the president of the DIF System, Candelaria Tovar of Dávalos; City Councilors Susana Rodríguez, Edelmira Orizaga and Eduardo Martínez; Puerto Vallarta city and tourism police officers also marched.Also joining in the parade where singer and Grand Marshal of Vallarta Pride 2017, Johnathan Celestin; visual artivist Daniel Arzola; the ambassadors of Vancouver Pride; director and producer of the documentary 'Beyond Gay', Robert Christie; Martha Dau, who was the local ambassador of Vallarta Pride and vloggers Bria & Chrissy.Other Puerto Vallarta neighborhoods also joined the celebration with hotels across the city making their LGBTQI patrons feel welcomed; including the Marriott Casa Magna which adorned its entrance in colors of the rainbow, Hotel Puerto de Luna which placed rainbow flags around its perimeter with a Welcome to Vallarta Pride sign as an accent piece and Costa Sur Resort and Spa which hosting a delegation of LGBT media from around the world.Prior to the Festival, Puerto Vallarta had started Pride season with multiple initiatives across the city including the opening of a Gender Equality Office while hoteliers, business owners and tourism operators took an LGBT certification course offered by the Mexico Secretary of Tourism (SECTUR).In 2016 Mexico attracted 2.9 million LGBT tourists, with an economic impact of $765 dollars per person per trip, exceeding spending by 60% over other types of tourists. The LGBT market represents 10% of Mexico's international tourism arrivals. In Puerto Vallarta, the percentage is estimated to be between 15-20%.Puerto Vallarta has been celebrated as the premiere vacation destination in Mexico for the LGBT community. The country's first IGLTA member in 2014, it was also honored as the first city in Mexico to be granted Gay Travel Approved status by GayTravel.com. In August of 2016, a survey pertaining to gay summer travel conducted by the New York Times and SCRUFF, one of the leading gay dating apps in the world (with 10 million members worldwide) highlighted Puerto Vallarta as its "surprisingly gay friendly" travel destination in the world and Gay Cities readers named it theirat its Best of Gay Cities best of 2016 poll.Puerto Vallarta was also named an International LGBTQ Destination at tTravvy Awards 2017 and listed as a top beach destination by passport in April 2017For pictures of Vallarta Pride, please visit: https://www.yousendit.com/ download/dDZHRm8zTmE4Q1N4djlVag For more information on Puerto Vallarta, click on www.visitpuertovallarta.com
According to the new research report “Smart Glass Market by Technology (Suspended Particle Display, Electrochromic, Liquid Crystal, Photochromic, Thermochromic), Application (Architecture, Transportation, Consumer Electronics), and Geography – Global Forecast to 2023”, the smart glass market is expected to reach USD 8.35 Billion by 2023 from USD 3.32 Billion by 2017, at a CAGR of 16.61% between 2017 and 2023. The growth of this market is mainly driven by factors such growing demand for smart glass in automobile applications, strong government support through mandates and legislations for energy-efficient construction, and optimal energy saving through smart glass applications
♦Get PDF Brochure@
https://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/smart-glass-market-907.html
Electrochromic technology expected to hold the largest share of smart glass market by 2023
Electrochromic technology is expected to hold the largest share of the smart glass market based on technology by 2023; the growth of the market for this technology attributed to a shorter switching time exhibited by this glass to switch from clear to dark state and increasing investments in this technology from the smart glass industry players. The automotive industry is a vital application area for electrochromic glass.
Smart glass market for architecture expected to grow at highest CAGR between 2017 and 2023
The smart glass market for the architecture application is expected to grow at the highest CAGR between 2017 and 2023. It offers energy-efficiency and improved aesthetics in these applications. Use of smart glass in various architecture applications increases the aesthetic value of a building and reduces the heating, cooling, and lighting costs significantly. In the architecture application, the smart glasses are used in doors, partitions, windows, skylights, and elevators. Various establishments in the architecture application using smart glass in their designs include residential buildings, schools and colleges, hospitals, corporate offices, and retail buildings including malls, outlets, and supermarkets and hypermarkets.
Europe expected to dominate smart glass market during the forecast period
The smart glass market in Europe is expected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period. Europe consists of a number of developed countries such as Belgium, France, Germany, Italy, and the UK. This region derives its revenues from the tourism, industry, and manufacturing businesses, among others. The hospitality and automotive manufacturing sectors in this region have grown tremendously due to supportive government policies over the past few decades. The government initiatives for green buildings and energy harvesting have contributed to the rise in the popularity of smart glasses. As a result, Europe holds a significant share of the overall smart glass market.
The key players in the market include SAGE Electrochromics, Research Frontiers, View, Inc., Asahi Glass Co., Gentex, Hitachi Chemical, Glass Apps, Pleotint, Polytronix, RavenWindow, Scienstry, Smartglass International, and SPD Control Systems. The key players in this market are increasingly undertaking the strategies of partnerships and collaborations, and product developments and launches to develop and introduce new technologies and products to the market.
Tom Fletcher from the British pop rock band McFly wants to write another children's novel.
The McFly singer has previously worked with bandmate Dougie Poynter on two kids' books, The Dinosaur That Pooped Christmas and The Dinosaur That Pooped A Planet, and in October released his first novel for youngsters, The Christmasaurus, and enjoyed the experience so much, he wants to pen another.
McFly singer Tom Fletcher is keen to write another children's novel after releasing The Christmasaurus in December. Source: Instagram: tomfletcher
He explained: "I love writing, I've been writing kids' books for the last four years but this is my first novel and I loved it, it was really enjoyable, it's completely different to writing with the band and songs which is very collaborative. I'd love to write another one after."
And the 31-year-old songwriter isn't the only member of the family who has got stuck in to writing novels and his wife Giovanna Fletcher - whom he married in 2013 and with whom he has three-year-old Buzz and 10-month-old Buddy - also has her own stash of books she's written.
The brunette beauty is currently penning her next non-fiction story and has admitted it can be tough in the evenings because both she and Fletcher go off to their separate corners of the room to write.
She exclusively told BANG Showbiz: "It's a big juggling act actually."
"Once the boys are in bed, I can utilise that time properly but there are times where you're like there's a lot going on and you have to step back a bit but it's all fun, it's something we enjoy doing so we're really lucky that we call those things our jobs."
Green Reit has signed up Vistra Alternative Investments (Ireland) Ld for part of the first floor of George's Quay Plaza in Dublin 2. The new arrival will pay a rent of €592 per sq m (€55/sq ft) for 495sq m (5,330sq ft) under a 15-year full repairing and insuring lease, with a tenant break option in year seven. Vistra will also rent four car parking spaces at €4,000 each.
The recently refurbished offices have direct access to Tara Street Dart station and are within a short walk of the Luas service.
Stephen Noonan of JLL is now looking for a tenant for 784sq m (8,344sq ft)on the second floor of the building.
€325,000 for Tallaght infill site
Johnny Hanrahan of Savills is guiding €325,000 for an infill residential site close to Belgard Retail Park in Tallaght , Dublin 24. Although there is no planning permission currently in place, Ronan said there was positive feedback following a pre-planning consultation for four three-bed duplexes, four two-bed apartments, and one two-bed end-of-terrace house. The site extends to 0.15 of a hectare (0.37 of an acre) and is accessed from Colberts Fort.
Transparency Market Research's report “Distributed Control Systems Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Trends And Forecast 2012 – 2018” delivers key insights of the DCS market. According to this report, the global distributed control systems market is estimated to reach a market value of US$19.8 billion by 2018 and demonstrate a CAGR of 3.9% during the forecast period from 2012 to 2018.The global distributed control systems market is majorly driven by its elevated use in the oil and gas industry. The report states that the oil and gas industry in the global distributed control systems (DCS) market will reach an estimated value of US$5.1 billion by end of 2018.
The oil and gas industry is the leading end user of the distributed control systems (DCS) market and contributed to 20% of the market revenue. However, it is expected that the demand for power which falls under the other end user segment will outpace the oil and gas industry in terms of share in the coming few years. This shift will occur due to the rapidly growing acceptance of distributed control systems in the power industry.
The power plant segment in the global distributed control systems market will grow at the highest CAGR of 5% during the forecasting horizon.Other end-user industries of the global distributed control systems (DCS) market are chemicals, metal and mining, waste and wastewater treatment, pulp and paper, pharmaceutical, and other process industries. These industries are witnessing a rising demand for manufacturing owing to which their power consumption has significantly increased. As a consequence, the increment in power demand will also fuel investments from a number of state-owned bodies in the global distributed control systems (DCS) market.
Get brochure for latest technological advancements https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=542
By component type, the global distributed control systems market is classified into DCS services, DCS software, and DCS hardware. DCS software stood out as the largest sector in the global distributed control systems (DCS) market, and held over 50% share in 2012. However, DCS hardware is anticipated to emerge as the fastest growing sector due to growing number of replacement and upgrades of systems.
The majority of distributed control systems were set up during the 1980s in the industrialized regions of North America and Europe. However, most of these regions are now older than 20-30 years and in need for upgrade. The trend of replacing these old systems with efficient distributed control systems is rapidly gaining pace, which will boost the DCS hardware component sector.
Request For Custom Research https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=CR&rep_id=542
Geographically, the global distributed control systems (DCS) market is divided into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and Rest of the World (RoW). In Asia Pacific, several industrializing countries have resulted in a high demand for distributed control systems. With the advent of open-source solutions, subject-matter experts can take advantage of DCS software, which is another factor driving the global DCS market.
The global distributed control systems (DCS) market is witnessing a number of M&As. Notable companies operating in the global distributed control systems market are ABB, Siemens, Yokogawa, Honeywell, Emerson, Invensys, and Rockwell. Presently, ABB Ltd. is leading the market followed by Siemens AG and Honeywell.
Time
Mario Batali is stepping away from his company after four women alleged that the chef touched them inappropriately, according to a report.
The website Eater reported that the allegations date back at least two decades and come from four women in the restaurant industry, three of whom worked directly under Batali at some point in their careers. One woman said Batali repeatedly grabbed her from behind over a period of two years, while another woman said he groped her. The woman who never worked for Batali said that the chef groped her breasts moments after telling her: “Come work for me, I'll pay you double what you're making.”
Batali told Eater that he would step away from the day-to-day operations of his business, Batali & Bastianich Hospitality Group, for an unspecified period of the time, but he remains an owner of his restaurants. ABC said that it asked Batali to step down from his role as co-host on the food talk show The Chew, which he has appeared on since 2011, “while we review the allegations that have just recently come to our attention.”
A spokesperson for Batali did not immediately respond to TIME's request for comment. In a statement to Eater, Batali apologized to the “people I have mistreated and hurt.”
“Although the identities of most of the individuals mentioned in these stories have not been revealed to me, much of the behavior described does, in fact, match up with ways I have acted. That behavior was wrong and there are no excuses. I take full responsibility and am deeply sorry for any pain, humiliation or discomfort I have caused to my peers, employees, customers, friends and family,” Batali told Eater. “We built these restaurants so that our guests could have fun and indulge, but I took that too far in my own behavior. I won't make that mistake again. I want any place I am associated with to feel comfortable and safe for the people who work or dine there.”
Batali & Bastianich Hospitality Group, which operates 24 restaurants, said that it received its first formal complaint about Batali's behavior in October 2017 — the same month that the allegations against Harvey Weinstein broke. A spokesperson said Batali was reprimanded and asked to undergo training.
A spokesperson for the group said that it tapped an outside firm to allow employees to come forward with other allegations. The company was sued in May by a former pastry chef who claimed that managers called him gay slurs and conspired to fire him.
Batali, who gained prominence after starring on Molto Mario on the Food Network from 1996 to 2004, is the latest prominent man to face allegations of sexual misconduct in the months since the Weinstein scandal broke. In the restaurant world, celebrity chef John Besh stepped down from his company in late October following allegations that he enabled a culture of sexual harassment in his restaurants.
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Squad rotation?
After the pretty significant set-back at Swansea City on Saturday, Alan Pardew may look to rotate his squad ahead of another particularly busy week.
The trip to Liverpool kicks off a run of seven matches in the space of 24 days; in that period of time we're expected to see the return of Nacer Chadli, James Morrison, Gareth Barry and Craig Dawson - though not just yet.
Chris Brunt made his first appearance at Swansea since September, while Matt Phillips was close to returning and will be in contention at Anfield.
Options are slowly returning, but the new manager will have to make do without a number still on Wednesday.
Defender link
Swansea City are set to rival West Bromwich Albion by stepping up their interest in Barnsley right-back Andy Yiadom.
The Ghana international, 26, is out of contract at Oakwell at the end of the season.
He has rejected a new deal and Barnsley are set to cash in on him in January.
The Yorkshire club had originally been asking for £3million for the attacking full-back.
But the Tykes are now willing to drop their price and the Premier League Swans have started to negotiate, according to the Mirror.
Potter profiling
Former Birmingham City and West Bromwich Albion defender Graham Potter will test his managerial skills against one of football's most famous bosses in February, after the Europa League draw pitted his FK Ostersunds side against Arsene Wenger's Arsenal.
Solihull-born Potter has enjoyed a succession of promotions since taking over as manager of the Swedish minnows more than six years ago.
Ostersunds have now, against all the odds, made it through to the Europa League knockout stages after finishing second in Group J behind Athletic Bilbao.
They have been rewarded with a last 32 tie against Arsenal as they look to continue their fairytale adventure.
Aiming for better
Liverpool defender Joe Gomez is at least pleased that the Reds have a chance to bounce back immediately from their derby disappointment against Everton on Sunday when Albion visit Anfield.
Gomez's teammate Dejan Lovren was adjudged to have fouled Dominic Calvert-Lewin in the box late in the game when Liverpool were one up, and Wayne Rooney dispatched the resulting penalty to rescue a point for the Toffees.
"That's one of the positives," Gomez said of the Albion game coming around so quickly.
"Obviously it's tough, it's a gruelling schedule but it gives you a chance to try and fix it straight away."
15 August, Kathmandu: The Buddhist Women Group on Monday organized a special prayer ceremony at Swoyambhu dedicated to the memory of those killed due to the natural disasters in various parts of the country in the recent days.
The Buddhist monks and nuns recited various Buddhist religious scriptures as part of the peace prayers wishing for world peace and for peace and wellbeing of all the living beings on this Earth.
Chief nun at the Dharmakirti Monastery, Dhammawati, reading out from the Buddhist texts, wished that may none in the country meet untimely death. She said the Buddha's philosophy, moral education and precepts of non-violence are relevant more so in modern times.
Deputy Mayor of Kathmandu Metropolitan City, Hari Prabha Khadgi Shrestha said peace and goodwill could be spread in society through religious activities. She also expressed her commitment to extend the required support for the infrastructure development around Swoyambhu.
Group chairperson Shreemila Suwal said the Group is active in promoting the Buddhist philosophy by means of social welfare works. RSS
Inside Business is a regular podcast from The Irish Times. Subscribe on Apple Podcasts, on Android, on Stitcher - or wherever you find podcasts.
The Inside Business podcast this week is devoted to the Business of Sport and for that, we're joined again by Mick O'Keeffe of Teneo PSG.
In just over a fortnight's time, the 2018 Fifa World Cup kicks off in Russia, with the tournament likely to generate billions for both the association and the local economy.
Inside Business
Patrick Nally is considered the founding father of modern sports marketing and the man responsible for the commercial resurrection of the Fifa World Cup, brokering a sponsorship deal for the tournament with Coca-Cola that lasted for four decades.
Nally talks to Ciarán Hancock and Mick about Fifa's toxic image in recent years, how that has led to a loss of trust in the brand and why this might be the first World Cup since 1978 that he won't be attending.
On the ground
Also in this episode, Marc Bennetts, a Moscow-based journalist who has written for The Times, the Guardian and Politico, on how preparations in Russia have been going on the ground.
But first, Ciarán and Mick discuss the major sport business themes of the month, including a number of big Irish sponsorship and broadcast rights deals, sports betting in the US and a move by the Irish Open to Lahinch, Co Clare in 2019.
Ceramic frit glass is a glass product on which a certain amount of coating, which is composed of colored enamels, is applied in a controlled manner. This is followed by glass tempering and vitrification of the colored enamel on the glass surface. Frit is a form of ceramic composition that is merged in a fusing oven and quenched further to form a glass, which is further granulated. The pre-fusion is carried out to purify toxic components and insulables, if any, which are combined with silica and other added oxides. Ceramic frit glass is also known as ceramic printed glass or silk screen glass.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/ceramic-frit-glass-market.html
It is manufactured by applying ceramic frit through a fine mesh screen with glass enamel. This process has to be performed before the glass is tempered or heat-strengthened. After the glass is strengthened, the glass enamel is merged with glass surface, forming a permanent coating. This coating cannot be damaged or removed by scrubbing or cleaning. The major benefits of ceramic frit glass include features that it can control the light transmission, control the heat gain in certain parts of buildings, and enrich the aesthetic appearance of the area where it is mounted. Ceramic frit glass is easy to install and it requires minimal maintenance.
There are several applications of this glass based on where it is used. Ceramic frit glass can be employed for interior applications such as glass ceilings, bathrooms, glass doors, and partitions. Increasing building and construction activities and rising purchasing power of the people are factors that drive the demand for ceramic frit glass.Based on application, the ceramic frit glass market can be classified into residential, commercial, and industrial.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=24398
The commercial segment is anticipated to dominate the market throughout the forecast period, followed by residential and industrial segments. Construction of shopping malls, corporate offices, and hotels that focus on interior as well as exterior aesthetic appearance of the building has been increasing. As ceramic frit glass enhances the aesthetic appearance of offices, hotels, and malls; demand for this product is anticipated to increase in the commercial segment during the forecast period.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
Market Highlights:
Digital camera produce digital image records cinematic image in digital appearance. Dissimilar to film photographs which relatively have enormous resolution, digital camera accumulate images digitally in a memory chip which is an alternative to recording them on the film. Once the photograph is taken it can be initialized to a computer system displayed on the screen and printed. Digital cameras shares optical structure, commonly using lens with a fluctuating diaphragm to spotlight on to an image pickup device. Many current devices are adequate to grab sound or video further to still images. The major influence of digital camera is that making photos economical and quick being there is no film processing. The biggest producer of the film Kodak refined photo CD format which has come to be de facto barometer for accumulating digital photograph.
The makers of digital cameras have a major challenge as sale of smartphone is continued to boom and frame digital camera market particularly fixed lens digital cameras. The shortfall of innovation has meant that customers are no longer inspired to buy new models. Makers are looking out for the next big thing in digital cameras, despite the market for digital camera is abstained.
The global Digital Cameras Market is presently formed by range of radical trends connected to lenses, photo accessories and other key features. The global market for digital cameras is anticipated to testify robust advancement ahead along with technological developments like touch screen and high definition (HD) quality cameras. The acceptance of digital single lens reflex cameras is additional the reason for overall market to speedily gain grip compared to analogous markets. It is likely that digital SLR cameras market will enormously grow due to growing inclination of individual towards photography. The factors such as collapsing prices, and intense competition among industry giants acts as a major restraining factors for the digital camera market.
The global digital camera market is predicted to reach ~5.1 billion by the year of 2022 and it is growing at CAGR of 7.1% between the years 2016 to 2022.
Request a Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/2316
Major Key Players:
Eastman Kodak company (U.S.),
koninklijke Philips N.V (Netherlands),
Pentax corporation (Japan),
Samsung group (South Korea),
Panasonic Corporation. (JAPAN),
OLYMPUS Corporation (Japan),
Fujifilm Holdings Corporation(Japan),S
ONY Corporation.- (Japan),
Nikon Corporation(Japan),
Canon Inc. (Japan)
Segments:
The Global Digital camera market has been segmented on the basis of product type, digital sensor type, application, components and geography. The product types of the digital camera market is segmented is on digital single lens reflex (DSLR), bridge camera, compact digital cameras, digital rangefinders, built-in lens, non-reflex.
By digital sensor types market is segmented into CCD sensor, CMOS sensor, Foveon X3 sensor, Live MOS sensor. On the basis of components digital camera markets segmented in lenses, sensors, LCD screen, memory card and among others. Whereas, on the basis of application it is further classified as residential and commercial and on the basis of geography it has been segmented in North America, Europe, Asia pacific, and rest of the world.
Regional Analysis:
Makers of digital camera in countries such as India, china awaits to take hold of the money making growth and countries like the United States and European market testify mature conditions. North America had been dominant market in recent years. In the global digital camera market Europe, and the United states are foreseen to steal the honor from the other markets of the world.
With the broadening abundance of customers in Asia pacific, the market is presaged to have overkill demand for DSLR cameras, so that contribute to the comprehensive growth of the international market. Asia Pacific is the largest market for the digital cameras and also predicted to continue to grip the market.
The Latin American market is also predicted to become strong in coming years as the demand of the consumer is high for interchangeable lens and build in lens cameras.
Access Report Details @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/digital-camera-market-2316
Intended Audience
Component manufacturer
Camera manufacturer
Battery manufacturer
System integrators
Sensors manufacturer
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by Components, Application, Logistics and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions.
Contact:
Market Research Future
Office No. 524/528, Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
The Spice Girls have confirmed plans to work together for the first time in six years, though details of the projects remain undisclosed.
British band 'The Spice Girls' perform during the Closing Ceremony at the 2012 Summer Olympics, in London. Source: Associated Press
Photos released Friday (local time) showed a meeting of Victoria "Posh Spice" Beckham, Melanie "Sporty Spice" Chisholm, Emma "Baby Spice" Bunton, Melanie "Scary Spice" Brown and Geri "Ginger Spice" Horner.
Publicist Jo Milloy later released a statement saying "the time now feels right to explore some incredible new opportunities together."
It said new projects would "embrace the original essence of the Spice Girls, while reinforcing our message of female empowerment for future generations."
The Sun newspaper says projects could include a TV talent show, though it said Saturday a live tour isn't planned.
It's time to go back to school – and specifically to Ackley Bridge College, where teachers and pupils alike are ready for some drama.
Advertisement
Series two of the Channel 4 show, which returned on Tuesday 5th June and now airs on Tuesdays at 8pm, is again set in the corridors and classrooms of an academy in the racially divided town of Ackley Bridge.
Here are the characters you'll see on screen – and the actors who play them:
Jo Joyner plays Mandy Carter
Who is Mandy Carter in Ackley Bridge? Headmistress Mandy Carter is extremely driven. “She believes passionately in the ethos of the school and the whole idea of bringing the community together and understanding each other's cultures,” actress Jo Joyner says. When we met her in series one she was married to Steve Bell, the school's PE teacher, but the two of them were going through a rough patch due to Steve's affair – and his baby with another woman. After Mandy's own affair, they are now living separately.
Where have I seen Jo Joyner before? Jo Joyner is known to EastEnders fans as Tanya Branning, a role first played in 2006: during her time on the show she has notched up an impressive 679 episodes. Her other projects have included Shakespeare & Hathaway, Porters, Ordinary Lies, The Interceptor, and Doctor Who – where she played Lynda in 2005.
Poppy Lee Friar plays Missy Booth
Who is Missy Booth in Ackley Bridge? Missy is a kid at Ackley Bridge who's had a pretty tough start in life. She has to look after her own mum, who struggles with addiction, and also acts as parent to her sister Hayley – and after the death of her Nana in series one things have only got harder. But, as Poppy Lee Friar explains, “Missy is a fighter and loves her sister Hayley and her best mate Nas so much that she powers on with love and humour.”
Where have I seen Poppy Lee Friar before? The actress played Mary Pascoe in My Cousin Rachel alongside Rachel Weisz and Sam Claflin. She was Rosalie Selfridge in the TV series Mr
Amy Leigh Hickman plays Nasreen Paracha
Who is Nasreen “Nas” Paracha in Ackley Bridge? Nas is a “brave hearted soul”, according to Amy Leigh Hickman. She is strong and intelligent and is extremely close to her best friend Missy. At 17, Nas knows who she is, but navigating her sexuality and the expectations of her family and community is quite a challenge.
Where have I seen Amy Leigh Hickman before? Over on Netflix you'll find Amy Leigh Hickman as Sia Marshall in Michael C Hall drama Safe. Like many others in Ackley Bridge she's a graduate of EastEnders, having played Linzi/Star Bragg. You may also have spotted her in Strike Back, Tracey Beaker Returns, and The Dumping Ground.
Sunetra Sarker plays Kaneez Paracha
Who is Kaneez Paracha in Ackley Bridge? The mother of Nas, and also the school dinner lady. Kaneez is a “force of nature” and is full of personality and opinions. She arrived in England at the age of 16 and is now a prominent voice in the community, raising her family practically single-handedly while her husband Iqbal is away.
Where have I seen Sunetra Sarker before? You are most likely to recognise Sunetra Sarker from the TV series Casualty, where she spent more than a decade playing Zoe Hanna, or from her star turn on Strictly Come Dancing. The actress played DCI Jane Burr in Safe House, and Sahana Harrison in Broadchurch.
Liz White plays Emma Keane
Who is Emma Keane in Ackley Bridge? Fun-loving teacher Emma Keane is a single mother struggling to bring up her unruly teenage daughter Chloe, who was initially raised by her father. Emma is actually from Ackley Bridge herself and somehow ended up teaching in the school where she grew up.
Where have I seen Liz White before? Liz White starred as Annie Cartwright in time-travelling John Simm drama Life on Mars. More recent credits include Rhoda Mullucks in Call the Midwife, Peggy Taylor in The Halcyon, and Lizzie Mottershead in Our Zoo.
Arsher Ali plays Samir “Sami” Qureshi
Who is Sami in Ackley Bridge? Sami is the school's “Community Liaison”. In his youth he fell in with a crew of “bad boys” and ended up on the wrong side of the law, with a five year stint in prison. Now he's a reformed character: hardworking and dedicated to helping the school's troubled kids. He's also having a bit of an affair with Emma.
Where have I seen Arsher Ali before? The actor starred in the comedy film Four Lions. Other credits include Beaver Falls, Complicit, and The Missing – where he played Malik Suri. He was PC Hari Bains in Line of Duty and Bennet in Doctor Who.
Samuel Bottomley plays Jordan Wilson
Who is Jordan Wilson in Ackley Bridge? Jordan is the naughty kid at school who loves winding people up: he isn't fazed by the thought of getting into trouble or being punished. He's bright, but apathetic about education.
Advertisement
Where have I seen Samuel Bottomley before? The actor played a young Thomas Cromwell in Wolf Hall. His other credits include Jericho, Rocket's Island, and recent Channel 4 drama Kiss Me First.
Still reeling from the shock that Domino's pizza is four times more pricey in the UK than elsewhere, this one has really not helped matters.
Apparently, the amount you shell out for McDonald's Big Mac can vary depending on where in the country you live. Yep, we're not talking about comparing your takeaway meal to one in some far-flung place this time.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
According to research carried out by Bonus Code Bets (via The Sun), a Big Mac brimming with cheese, lettuce and THAT sauce will set you back an extra 40p if you live in one of two places in the UK.
Getty Images
You're okay if you reside in Edinburgh, Clacton and Leicester, as you'll only be charged a mere £2.99 for your burger. But if the UK's capital city or Stevenage is where you call home, you'll be coughing up more. An entire 40p in fact.
Now don't get us wrong, paying £3.39 for a Big Mac in the City of London is annoying, though it's not surprising. But Stevenage? What have the people of Stevenage ever done wrong?!
A McDonald's spokesperson explained to The Sun that prices are set by individual franchisees.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Getty Images
"We offer guidance around pricing, but ultimately our franchisees decide on those which are set, based on a number of factors including ongoing operational costs depicted by each site," the spokesperson said.
"We and our franchisees pride ourselves on providing good quality food, at affordable prices up and down the country and work to keep differences to a minimum."
Hmmm.
Do you want to be the first to receive our latest news? Subscribe here in your favorite sections.
Your privacy is ensured in base of "Art. 13/14 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation) and Organic Law 15/1999, of 13 December on the Protection of Personal Data".
David Bozell President of the group ForAmerica, talks to Lars about what he sees as the different options the US has for Speaker of the House, now that Paul Ryan is leaving.
The post LISTEN: David Bozell – Who Should Replace RINO Ryan As Speaker Of The House? appeared first on The Lars Larson Show.
Due to the scorching temperatures of the summer and the forecast of another severe heat wave, Local Land Services (LLS) District Veterinarian teams throughout Australia warn livestock owners of the impact of high temperatures on their livestock.
[TAMWORTH, 30/5/2018] – With high temperatures in Australia continuing, livestock owners are advised by LLC vets to follow several techniques when handling livestock during the hot weather. This includes working with livestock in the early morning or in the evening when the temperature is cooler, and ensuring access to a sufficient amount of clean drinking water throughout the day.
The Impact of Humidity and Access to Water
Dr Jillian Kelly, Central West LLS Veterinarian, states that livestock owners should consider the impact of two important points, humidity during summer and access to water points.
If, for example, the temperature is 35°C and the humidity is 10 per cent, a sheep's body temperature will reach an average 32°C; however, if the humidity reaches 50 per cent, a sheep's temperature can increase to 41°C. According to Dr Kelly, this results to damage to body tissues and extreme danger of heat stress.
If the water in rivers or dams is at a low level, livestock will crowd on the water source, stepping in the water and leaving a concentration of animal waste. This contaminates the water and increases the chances of livestock becoming bogged down in mud. If other livestock notice that the water is dirty, they may reject it. Therefore, livestock owners are advised to consider other options such as installing fences around water points or pumping water to troughs.
Providing Quality Watering Troughs to Livestock
RapidPlas offers durable tanks and accessories that are suitable for livestock watering, including high-quality water troughs for horses, cattle and sheep. For livestock owners who are planning to set up their own livestock watering system, they can purchase RapidPlas' cost-effective packages that are delivered to farms for free.
The company's range of water troughs has rims with smooth sides, which are less abrasive for the animal's legs. They provide long rectangular troughs and troughs that feature 360° access to accommodate larger numbers of animals. RapidPlas' watering troughs provide cooler and cleaner water to keep livestock hydrated.
About RapidPlas
Established in 1990, RapidPlas is a family owned business that manufactures a range of agricultural, residential and commercial polyethylene products such as rainwater tanks, fertilser tanks, feed and water troughs and other animal care products.
For more information, visit https://rapidplas.com.au.
Jack Lowden will also star in the production at the Donmar Warehouse.
Hayley Atwell will star in Shakespeare's play about sex and power – Measure For Measure – on the London stage.
The Avengers Assemble actress and co-star Jack Lowden will swap roles during the performance at the Donmar Warehouse, to explore issues of gender and power.
The new production will be directed by the Donmar Warehouse's artistic director Josie Rourke.
Measure For Measure (Donmar Warehouse)
Rourke said that Atwell and Lowden, best known for War And Peace and Dunkirk, will swap roles as the novice nun and powerful politician, who only agrees to save her brother's life if she will sleep with him, during a single performance.
The play is reimagined in its original year of performance, 1604, and also in 2018.
“Within every performance in this production, Hayley Atwell and Jack Lowden will alternate the roles of the powerful and powerless, Angelo and Isabella,” Rourke said.
Jack Lowden (Ian West/PA)
Another play, political tragedy Mary Stuart, previously saw Juliet Stevenson and Lia Williams alternate the lead roles on separate nights at the “toss of a coin” in the West End.
Other shows announced at the Covent Garden venue include Lyndsey Turner's revival of Brian Friel's haunting play, Aristocrats.
Muriel Sparks' The Prime Of Miss Jean Brodie has previously been announced, and all three plays are directed by women.
© Press Association 2018
Ballinamallard Bullet Josh Elliott remains hopeful of fulfilling his ambition of landing a coveted ride in the MCE British Superbike Championship this season.
The 2015 National Superstock 1000 champion has been drafted into Northern Ireland's Tyco BMW team for this weekend's British championship round at Knockhill in Scotland as a replacement for Ian Hutchinson, who sustained a broken left femur following a crash in the Senior TT last Friday.
Elliott rode for the Moneymore-based team in the Superstock class last season following his title triumph the previous year on the Morello Kawasaki.
However, he was unable to hit the same heights in 2016 on the Tyco BMW S1000RR, finishing fifth in the championship standings and claiming his sole win at Oulton Park.
The 23-year-old failed to secure a ride this year, joining fellow top talent Andy Reid on the sidelines as team bosses demanded budgets in excess of £45,000 to pay their way in.
Clogher's Keith Farmer and Alastair Seeley also fell into the same bracket before both riders managed to tie up late deals.
With Hutchinson injured, the door has opened for Elliott once again and the articulate Ulsterman is optimistic he could yet still bag a BSB ride for the remainder of the season.
“I haven't raced since the final round of the Superstock championship at Brands Hatch last year,” Elliott told the News Letter.
“I've kept myself in shape and the main thing will be finding that sharpness again after being away for so long. It'll be a matter of adjusting to the speed again and trying to get myself into a position to push for a fast lap time.
“To be honest, I was kind of expecting the call after Hutchy's crash at the TT, although I didn't think it would happen in time for this round.
“The option was there, so I decided to take it and I'll try and do the best job I can.”
On his desire to break into British Superbikes, Elliott said joining the series remains the next logical step in his career.
“I won the Superstock 1000 Championship in 2015 and I really didn't get much out of it to be honest,” he said.
“I got a ride in the same championship the following year with Tyco BMW and essentially now for my career I need to be on a Superbike.
“BSB is my main goal because I don't feel as if I have anything to prove in the Superstock 1000 class. This ride is about getting some track time under my belt and hopefully something will come up.
“I'm not sure what's happening with [Davide] Giugliano and all I can do is give it a good shot this weekend and then see if we have an option for Snetterton after that.”
Tyco BMW team manager Philip Neill speaks highly of Elliott, describing the young prospect as a ‘class act'.
“Obviously our first thoughts are with Hutchy as he recovers from the leg injuries he sustained during the Senior TT on the Isle of Man. Thankfully he is now on the road to recovery,” he said.
“With Hutchy missing from action we are delighted to offer Josh the opportunity to re-join Tyco BMW for this weekend's Superstock races.
“Josh is a class act and after some great performances on the S1000RR last season, it will be interesting to see how quickly he can get himself up to speed this weekend after some time off a bike.”
Source: TMZ
Ric Flair is in a medically induced coma and is preparing for surgery, a representative from WWE told TMZ Sports.
As previously reported, Flair, 68, was admitted to an Intensive Care Unit in Atlanta, GA on Saturday and the situation has worsened. It's known at press time what procedure he's having but that it's happening "momentarily."
Story developing...
Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Battles over priorities in a huge government-wide spending bill are essentially settled, leaving a scaled-back plan for President Donald Trump's border wall and a huge rail project that pits Trump against Capitol Hill's most powerful Democrat as the top issues to be solved.
An agreement could be announced as early as Tuesday.
Efforts to tackle politically-charged immigration issues and rapidly rising health insurance premiums appeared to be faltering.
Capitol Hill Democrats rejected a White House bid to extend protections for so-called Dreamer immigrants in exchange for $25 billion in funding for a wall on the U.S.-Mexico border. Democrats appeared likely to yield on $1.6 billion in wall funding, Trump's official request for the 2018 budget year, but they were digging in against Trump's plans to hire hundreds of new immigration agents.
Advertisement
A dispute over abortion seemed likely to scuttle a Senate GOP plan to provide billions in federal subsidies to insurers to help curb health insurance premium increases.
Sen. Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., was working on Trump's behalf against funding for a Hudson River tunnel and rail project that's important to Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., and Republicans from New York and New Jersey.
Monday's developments were described by several lawmakers — as well as congressional aides in both parties who spoke on condition of anonymity because the talks remain secretive.
House and Senate action is needed by midnight Friday to avert another government shutdown.
The bill would implement last month's budget agreement, providing 10 percent increases for the Pentagon and domestic agencies. Coupled with last year's tax cuts, it heralds the return of trillion-dollar budget deficits as soon as the budget year starting in October.
Many battles over policy riders were sorted out in marathon negotiations over the weekend. As is typical, many of the policy issues were melting away.
"We've had at least 100 that we've taken out," said Vermont Sen. Patrick Leahy, top Democrat on the Appropriations Committee.
For instance, an effort to add a plan to revive federal subsidies to stabilize the individual health insurance market and help the poor cover out-of-pocket costs under President Barack Obama's health law appeared to be failing. A complicated dispute involving abortion was at fault.
Trump told Sens. Lamar Alexander, R-Tenn., and Susan Collins, R-Maine, that he supports addressing the health insurance issue now as part of the catchall spending plan.
Alexander and Collins are seeking to revive payments to insurers, which Trump halted last fall, that reimburse the carriers for reducing out-of-pocket costs for many low-earning customers. Those reductions are required by the Obama health law, and insurers have made up for the lost federal payments by boosting premiums.
The Republicans said their subsidy plan would reduce premiums by up to 40 percent over time. They would also create a $30 billion, three-year reinsurance program that states could use to help insurers afford to cover their most seriously ill, expensive consumers.
Democrats, however, oppose GOP provisions that would forbid the federal payments from being used to help pay for insurance policies that provide abortion.
And Republicans appeared likely to fail in a bid to fix a glitch in the recent tax bill that subsidizes grain sales to cooperatives at the expense of for-profit grain companies, several aides said.
"We need to fix that problem," said House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, R-Calif.
Elsewhere, efforts to use the measure as a vehicle to extend protections for young immigrants under the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrival, or DACA, program appeared likely to fail, lawmakers and aides said. Trump killed the Obama-era program in September, but a court decision has essentially left it in place, for now. The White House had revived the idea in recent days — offering on Sunday a 30-month extension of DACA protections in exchange for $25 billion for Trump's border wall — but Democrats demanded protections for a broader pool of immigrants than had signed up for DACA, a request denied by GOP negotiators.
"Nobody's really moved," said No. 2 Senate Republican John Cornyn of Texas.
Trump tweeted Monday night: "The Democrats do not want to help DACA. Would be so easy to make a deal!"
The president, meanwhile, has privately threatened to veto the whole package if a $900 million payment is made on the Hudson River Gateway Project, a priority for Schumer. Trump's opposition is alarming Northeastern Republicans such as Rep. Peter King of New York, who lobbied Trump on the project at a St. Patrick's luncheon in the Capitol Thursday.
The Gateway Project would add an $11 billion rail tunnel under the Hudson River to complement deteriorating, century-old tunnels that are at risk of closing in a few years. It enjoys bipartisan support among key Appropriations panel negotiators on the omnibus measure who want to get the expensive project on track while their coffers are flush with money.
___
Associated Press writer Alan Fram contributed to this report.
London, United Kingdom (July 04, 2018) – Spotify Music is a famous music streaming platform that is used by millions of people worldwide. Amazon Music is another popular platform that lets people stream music and also to buy the songs of their choice for a small fee. Those who wish to transfer their playlist from Spotify to Amazon Music can do so easily with the help of MusConv, an online software program available for purchase at MusConv.com.
Users only need to choose their music source on Spotify, pick the playlist and finally choose the destination of their choice – Amazon Music – to migrate the playlist. Right after they click on ‘Transfer', users can begin to shift their music.
It is possible to get MusConv in 3 different subscriptions – Basic, Professional and Ultimate. With Basic, users can get the unlimited number of songs and playlists in each session as well as exporting their playlists in CSV format along with the chance to get free updates for 2 years. With Professional subscription, users get unlimited songs and playlists per session, batch importing of playlists, CSV export and free updates for 3 years. Ultimate is advancement over Professional subscription, as it also offers Apple Music and Priority support, free updates for lifetime and duplicate tracks deletion from playlists.
About MusConv:
MusConv is an assistive software program that lets users migrate playlists easily across various music streaming platforms.
For more details and further enquiries, please visit https://musconv.com/Spotify-Playlist-To-Amazon-Music
Media Contact:
MusConv
35 Ivor place, Lower Ground, London NW1 6EA, United Kingdom
Email: contact@MusConv.com.
###
Aldi has recalled one of its food products owing to worries that it may be contaminated with small pieces of hard plastic.
The Rooster's Southern Fried Poppin' Chicken, which comes in 210g packs, may present a safety risk due to the presence of the plastic, which the supermarket giant says affects no other products,
The product in question
The items in question have lot number 1010170, and the Product Code are 45004 and 75744.
Anyone having purchased one of the products should not eat it, instead returning it to the store from where it was bought for a full refund.
Diluteze is a Dublin-based start-up that designs products to help and protect those using potentially harmful chemicals such as weed killers and harsh detergents.
The company's founder is Simon Ruddy who first spotted the gap in the market for a safer way of handling chemicals when working as a salesman with hygiene and cleaning products company, SC Johnson & Diversey. “I developed a keen interest in innovation and saw opportunities every day to make improvements in the products I was selling,” he says.
Ruddy spent two years doing market research and exploring potential product designs before setting up Diluteze in January of this year. The company's first three products will go on sale in early 2019 and Ruddy expects to be employing about 13 people within five years.
“Manufacturers everywhere are under increasing pressure to reduce the amount of plastic packaging they generate,” he explains. “This presents a particular challenge for the chemical industry as chemicals by their nature require stronger, more robust packaging. The industry's approach so far has been to reduce pack sizes.
“However, this has had the unintended consequence of increasing concentrations to much more hazardous levels. With consumers already confused by differences in diluting instructions between manufacturers, this move to more highly concentrated packs has resulted in a 12 per cent increase in chemical burn injuries, costing employers in Ireland alone close to €9 million annually.
Accurate dilution
“Our products tackle both issues by providing safe, accurate dilution, thereby reducing the risk of injury while also facilitating ongoing efforts by chemical manufacturers to safely reduce pack sizes and consequently plastic packaging.”
The company's first group of products comprises a watering can, a knapsack sprayer for domestic use and a mop bucket for the facilities management sector. All have a built-in reservoir that stores the chemical, an easy-to-read measuring system and a button that releases the chemical into the water.
“Our solution simplifies and standardises the dilution of all concentrated chemicals irrespective of type or brand,” Ruddy says. “The Diluteze inner dilution cavity can be designed to work with most of the everyday receptacles used to mix and dispense concentrated chemicals used around the workplace, at home and in the garden.”
The company's order book is open and beginning to fill up. At the moment, customers are buying based on CAD drawings as the prototypes are in the process of being signed off and Ruddy can't file the patents until all the technical details are finalised. “Those working in DIY shops and garden centres are constantly being asked about diluting chemicals so they could immediately see the benefits of Diluteze without even having the products to look at,” Ruddy says.
Target markets
Diluteze will be developed as both a B2C and B2B business with key target markets in the horticultural, cleaning, and facilities management sectors initially. The additional 12 products Ruddy has in the pipeline will broaden the company's reach into the hygiene, laundry and industrial markets. Ruddy has plans to move into the UK market in 2020 and into Europe in 2021.
The products require a manufacturer competent in both injection and blow moulding and Ruddy is in the throes of nailing down a suitable producer. “We will have product ready to ship in quarter one next year and expect 65 per cent of sales to come from sector specific channel partners selling through large multiples and DIY chains. The balance will be split between online and direct to trade sales,” he says.
Ruddy has self-funded his start-up and has managed to contain costs so far to about €30,000. The company has received support from the New Frontiers programme at IT Blanchardstown and from Enterprise Ireland through its Innovation Vouchers scheme, which allowed the company to tap into the plastics expertise of Athlone IT.
The company is about to launch a seed round to raise €500,000 to bring its first three products to market.
Bhopal: OMSOFTWARE – a mobile app development company headquartered in Bhopal, India – with a trusted track record of offering ROI-driven mobile applications to businesses world over – is pleased to announce its capability extension. The company with experienced mobile application developers on board will have one of its core focuses into developing futuristic applications.
“OMSOFTWARE develops applications based on the existing demands of the market and pinpointed requirements drafted by its valued customers. Around 179 billion mobile applications are downloaded per year and this is a huge number. While mobile applications are drawing a sustained foothold in the marketing world, the consumer preferences are evolving and in order to be in the race, companies need to sense tomorrow today,” says Mr. Rajkamal, CEO of OMSOFTWARE.
“Our forte is in identifying the technologies that are redefining the Concept Of Mobile Application Development today and thus working on them to help our clients become future-proof while enabling then with complete organic digital transformation,” continues Mr. Rajkamal.
OMSOFTWARE works with leading technologies across mobile application processes and verticals, including wearable devices, cross platforms applications, IoT, cloud computing apps, enterprise applications, M- commerce, motion and location sensing etc. The core focus is on developing highly result-driven, future-oriented, value-focused applications that help clients not just outperform, and shine but sustain in this competitive marketplace.
To learn more about how OMSOFTWARE can help you design future ready, on-demand mobile applications, feel free to schedule a free consultation today with one of our marketing executives!
About OMSOFTWARE – OM Software is one of the leading IT and ITES players in the industry that offer smartest and proven IT services. Possessing maximum expertise and experience in wide-ranging domains, the company offers a variety of digital transformation and marketing solutions for clients worldwide
Contact
33-3D Saket Nagar Bhopal,MP (IN)-462024
info@omsoftware.net
Mobile +91- 9713107866
+91-755-2800241
https://www.omsoftware.net
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
NEW YORK (AP) — A video taken on the set of “Mission: Impossible 6” shows Tom Cruise limping after performing a stunt where he jumps between buildings.
The video was published Sunday by TMZ. It captures a tethered Cruise leaping to a building, hitting its side and then crawling over the top and running away. After he finished the take, Cruise is seen limping, though he was able to rappel back to the building he jumped from.
The extent of Cruise's injuries wasn't known. Neither Cruise's representatives nor Paramount Pictures returns messages Sunday.
The 55-year-old actor is well known for performing many of his own stunts.
The sixth installment in the “Mission: Impossible” franchise is currently shooting in London. It's scheduled for release in July next year.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
1:53 Who's left Panthers QB Cam Newton starstruck? Pause
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
1:28 Kemba Walker discusses Hornets win over Heat, joining 7,000-point club
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
1:33 First Baby of 2017
1:24 Dog rescued after being buried alive in Italian earthquake
2:00 PRP and stem cell therapy gains popularity in Charlotte
THE Chinese and Australian governments have pledged assistance to the victims of typhoon “Nina” (international name “Nock-Ten”) that hit the eastern seaboard of central Philippines on Christmas Day.
The Chinese Embassy in Manila on Monday said Chinese President Xi Jinping has extended his condolences to the Philippines for the casualties and damage caused by the typhoon.
“In a message, Xi sent condolences to the Philippine President, and through him, to the people affected by the disaster,” the embassy said in a news release.
Quoting Xi, the embassy said the Philippines and China are “friendly neighbors.”
“The Chinese government and people are deeply worried about the Philippine people who have been hit and become homeless in the disaster,” it said.
The embassy added that Xi was optimistic that the Filipino people, under the leadership of President Rodrigo Duterte, will overcome the disaster and rebuild their homes.
Meanwhile, the Australian government announced that it will provide humanitarian assistance worth P32.1 million to families affected by the typhoon.
Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop, in a statement, said 35,000 people will be given emergency items such as sleeping mats, blankets, mosquito nets, tarpaulins and hygiene kits through the Philippines Red Cross.
“Australia's thoughts are with the people of the Philippines as they respond to the devastating impact of Typhoon ‘Nock-Ten,'” the ministry quoted Bishop as saying.
“The Australian government stands ready to respond to any additional requests for assistance once the full impact of the typhoon becomes clear,” she added.
On December 29, the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies (IFRC) launched a 1.6 million Swiss Franc emergency appeal to help the Philippine Red Cross assist more than 20,000 people with emergency relief assistance and longer term recovery support.
The National Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Council pegged the damage to agriculture and infrastructure in Calabarzon, Mimaropa and Region 5 at P5 billion.
The typhoon affected 424,223 families.
GROVETOWN, Ga. (WJBF)- An Augusta State Medical Prison doctor spoke with NewsChannel 6 on the night before his last day of work at the prison after 16 years. Dr. Timothy Young says he tried to shed light on issues at the facility in the Fall, but faced retaliation. He turned in his resignation letter at the end of December.
NewsChannel 6 has also heard complaints about the prison from former Correctional Officers and the mothers of inmates, including Debbie Whitlock.
She has no illusions about who her son is.
“My son is a repeat drug offender,” she said. “He's an addict and a dealer. Methamphetamines.”
Anthony an inmate at Augusta State Medical Prison. He's also a father. Debbie now has custody of his three-year-old daughter, Georgia. Anthony is also sick. Debbie debated whether she should even let Georgia visit him because, even though he's up for parole in three years, she's afraid his time at ASMP will turn into a death sentence.
“I fear for his life,” she said. “He might go low. He's a type 1 diabetic, and nobody's coming.”
Debbie says his kidneys have been failing since before he was arrested in 2016.
Former Augusta State Medical Prison physician Dr. Timothy Young says the healthcare system at the facility has a lot of problems, from black mold, to lack of security officers, to a backlog of a thousand requests for medical care.
“There are more patients than I can remember right now or count…[that] by the time we got them up, they went directly from my clinic to MCG.”
Those hospital visits come at the expense of patients' health and taxpayers.
Debbie says her son ended up in the hospital last year, even though she had been in touch with administators about her son's health problems for months.
“If you have a family member that goes to the hospital or is really sick, you're not going to get to see them. You're not going to get to talk to them,” she said. “It is like pulling teeth to get information. It's the most scary, horrible thing I've ever been through.”
Dr. Young says one reason for the backlog is security issues. High-risk inmates must be escorted to the medical area by a security officer, and there just aren't enough of them, Young says.
“My job became calling someone high enough up the security chain to make lower security officers bring those inmates up,” he said.
And when inmates end up the hospital, two secuirty officers have to go with them. When we spoke with Dr. Young earlier this week, he said the operating room was offline.
“They're not doing cases in it because of a maintenance issue that has been known about for quite some time,” he said.
He says they are also short a physician and bed space.
“So someone would bring me a list, and say, ‘Okay, we have four beds available to put these patients into, and we have 15 cases scheduled. Which 11 do you want to cancel?'”
He showed us one email he sent about inmates being rescheduled up to 23 times because security failed to bring them to appointments.
“It's a multi-faceted problem. And it's getting worse because you have a facility that can't even handle the cases that can be done there,” he said.
In the meantime, Debbie worries about her son hanging on for the next few years, and Georgia dreams of seeing her Daddy again on the outside.
The Department of Corrections has not responded to our calls and messages. The DOC's top health official, Randy Sauls, told the Atlanta Journal Constitution that he is personally overseeing a plan to improve sanitation and security at the prison.
Dr. Young says he has not seen details of the plan and has no faith in it. Sauls did respond to an interview request.
We also reached out to Augusta University, which oversees Georgia Correctional Healthcare. We will let you know if and when they respond.
In a series of weekend tweets naming Mueller for the first time, Trump criticized the investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election
FILE - In this June 7, 2017 file photo, acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe appears before a Senate Intelligence Committee hearing about the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act on Capitol Hill in Washington. Attorney General Jeff Sessions said Friday, March 16, 2018, that he has fired former FBI Deputy Director McCabe, a longtime and frequent target of President Donald Trump's anger, just two days before his scheduled retirement date. (AP Photo/Alex Brandon, File)
President Donald Trump on Sunday took out his frustrations over the intensifying Russia investigation by lashing out at special counsel Robert Mueller, signalling a possible shift away from a strategy of co-operating with a probe he believes is biased against him.
In a series of weekend tweets naming Mueller for the first time, Trump criticized the investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election and raised fresh concerns about the objectivity and political leanings of the members of Mueller's team.
Trump also challenged the honesty of Andrew McCabe, the newly fired FBI deputy director, and James Comey, the bureau's former director whom Trump fired last year over the Russia probe.
The president's aggressive stance followed a call Saturday by his personal lawyer for Rod Rosenstein, whom Trump appointed as deputy attorney general and who now oversees Mueller's inquiry, to “bring an end” to that investigation.
The Mueller probe should never have been started in that there was no collusion and there was no crime. It was based on fraudulent activities and a Fake Dossier paid for by Crooked Hillary and the DNC, and improperly used in FISA COURT for surveillance of my campaign. WITCH HUNT! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 18, 2018
Republicans on the House Intelligence Committee, which spent the past year conducting a parallel investigation, recently said they had drafted a report concluding no collusion or co-ordination between Trump's presidential campaign and Russia. Committee Democrats vehemently disagreed.
“The Mueller probe should never have been started in that there was no collusion and there was no crime,” Trump tweeted Saturday. “It was based on fraudulent activities and a Fake Dossier paid for by Crooked Hillary and the DNC, and improperly used in FISA COURT for surveillance of my campaign. WITCH HUNT!” Trump was referring to a dossier of anti-Trump research funded by the Democratic Party and Hillary Clinton's campaign.
Likely adding to Trump's growing frustration, The New York Times reported last week that Mueller had subpoenaed the Trump Organization and requested Russia-related documents. Trump had said Mueller would cross a red line with such a step.
“Why does the Mueller team have 13 hardened Democrats, some big Crooked Hillary supporters, and Zero Republicans?” Trump tweeted Sunday.
Why does the Mueller team have 13 hardened Democrats, some big Crooked Hillary supporters, and Zero Republicans? Another Dem recently added…does anyone think this is fair? And yet, there is NO COLLUSION! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 18, 2018
Related: 13 Russians charged in Mueller investigation
Some of Mueller's investigators indeed have contributed to Democratic political candidates, but Justice Department policy and federal service law bar discrimination in the hiring of career positions on the basis of political affiliation. Mueller is a Republican.
A deeply frustrated Trump has fumed to confidants that the Mueller probe is “going to choke the life out of” his presidency if allowed to continue unabated indefinitely, according to an outside adviser who insisted on anonymity to discuss private conversations with the president.
Trump has long believed that the entrenched bureaucracy, particularly at the Justice Department and FBI, is out to thwart him, and has pointed to McCabe's wife's associations with Democrats, including longtime Clinton ally Terry McAuliffe, as an example. He also fumed to one confidant after seeing a promotion for Comey's forthcoming book, and believes the former FBI director will seek to enrich himself by besmirching Trump's reputation. Comey's book, “A Higher Loyalty,” topped Amazon.com's bestseller list on Sunday.
The president has long been torn over how to approach the Mueller probe. Trump insists that his campaign did not collude with Russia, and his legal team, namely attorney Ty Cobb, has counselled the president to co-operate with Mueller. But some former campaign advisers have urged Trump to be combative, warning him that that the investigation poses an existential threat to his presidency.
Trump's attacks raised new concerns among members of Congress that he could be seeking to orchestrate Mueller's firing. Republican and Democratic lawmakers warned Trump to not even think about it.
Related: Mueller witness is convicted pedophile with shadowy past
“If he tried to do that, that would be the beginning of the end of his presidency,” said Sen. Lindsey Graham, R-S.C., a Trump ally.
Sen. Dick Durbin, D-Ill., called for the passage of bipartisan bills designed to protect Mueller that have stalled in Congress.
“This president is engaged in desperate and reckless conduct to intimidate his law enforcement agencies of this country and to try and stop the special counsel. That is unacceptable in a democracy,” Durbin said.
Trump cannot directly fire Mueller, who can only be dismissed for cause. Any dismissal of Mueller would have to be carried out by Rosenstein, who has publicly expressed his support for Mueller.
Aides and friends say they understand Trump's frustration with an investigation that hangs over his presidency.
“When he says it's a political witch hunt, I think he's right,” said Christopher Ruddy, CEO of the conservative news website Newsmax and a longtime Trump friend.
Marc Short, Trump's congressional liaison, said the president's frustration is “well-warranted” because “there has been no evidence whatsoever of collusion.”
Trump may have felt emboldened after Attorney General Jeff Sessions fired McCabe on Friday. “A great day for Democracy,” Trump tweeted afterward. Trump asserted without elaboration that McCabe, whose firing he had publicly called for, knew “all about the lies and corruption going on at the highest levels of the FBI!”
The Associated Press later reported that McCabe kept personal memos detailing interactions with Trump that have been provided to Mueller's office and are similar to notes compiled by Comey. Trump sought to cast doubt on their veracity.
“Spent very little time with Andrew McCabe, but he never took notes when he was with me,” Trump tweeted Sunday. “I don't believe he made memos except to help his own agenda, probably at a later date. Same with lying James Comey. Can we call them Fake Memos?”
It wouldn't be unusual for a senior official to make notes soon after meeting with the president.
Trump also claimed Comey lied under oath at a Senate hearing by saying he had never been an anonymous source. Comey, who is releasing a book next month, tweeted Saturday after McCabe's firing: “Mr. President, the American people will hear my story very soon. And they can judge for themselves who is honourable and who is not.”
The contents of McCabe's memos are unknown, but they could help substantiate McCabe's assertion that he was unfairly maligned by a White House he says had declared “war” on the FBI and Mueller's investigation.
Related: Trump aides questioned in Russia probe, Trump may be up soon
Sessions said he dismissed McCabe on the recommendation of FBI disciplinary officials who said McCabe had not been candid with a watchdog office investigation. An upcoming inspector general's report is expected to conclude that McCabe had authorized the release of information to the media and was not forthcoming with the watchdog office as it examined the bureau's handling of an investigation into Clinton's emails.
McCabe has vigorously disputed the allegations and said his credibility had been attacked as “part of a larger effort not just to slander me personally” but also the FBI and law enforcement.
Also over the weekend, Trump's personal lawyer, John Dowd, cited the “brilliant and courageous example” by Sessions and the FBI's Office of Professional Responsibility and said Rosenstein should “bring an end” to the Russia investigation “manufactured” by Comey.
In response, Rep. Trey Gowdy, R-S.C., said: “If you have an innocent client, Mr. Dowd, act like it.”
Dowd told the AP that he wasn't calling on Rosenstein to fire the special counsel immediately and hadn't discussed with him the idea of dismissing Mueller or ending the probe. Dowd also said he was speaking for himself and not the president.
Mueller is investigating whether Trump's actions, including Comey's ouster, constitute obstruction of justice.
___
Associated Press writers Chad Day and Eric Tucker in Washington and Jonathan Lemire in New York contributed to this report.
___
Darlene Superville, The Associated Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Arizona Cardinals fans were once accustomed to Hall of Fame quarterback Kurt Warner wearing gloves when he played. The same cannot be said about current starting quarterback, Carson Palmer.
This is why it was news when he appeared at practice sporting a glove on his left hand.
Carson Palmer wearing a glove on his left hand in practice. He did that in the final game last year because of a cut. — Kent Somers (@kentsomers) August 14, 2017
As Somers notes, it was on Palmer's non-throwing hand and it is something Palmer has done to protect that hand.
It is reasonable to believe Palmer suffered some minor injury to his left hand in the team's 20-10 preseason win over the Oakland Raiders on Saturday.
But because it is his left hand, there should be no reason for any worrying for Cardinals fans. He will be fine and the glove is just an extra layer of protections while whatever issue he has heals.
When Mariano Rajoy addresses parliament on Thursday to defend himself against a no-confidence motion, it won't be the first time in his nearly seven-year tenure that the Spanish prime minister's position has looked in jeopardy.
The loss of his parliamentary majority in a general election in 2015 led many observers to predict the end of his premiership. Yet after months of political paralysis, he won a rerun of the election and formed a new government, albeit a minority one.
In addition, for the last half-decade, Rajoy (63) and his conservative Popular Party (PP) have been fending off serious corruption allegations, which have led to embarrassing headlines and, last summer, an unsuccessful no-confidence vote triggered by the leftist Podemos against his government.
But while his ability to ride those storms has earned the prime minister a reputation as a stubborn survivor, this upcoming parliamentary motion could be a challenge too far for the Galician.
“For the first time, the desire for change [in parliament] appears greater than the desire to avoid instability, which had been the factor keeping Rajoy in power until now,” said José Fernández-Albertos, a political scientist at the National Research Council.
The motion has been brought by the Socialist Party, which says a high court sentence last week implicating the PP in a kickbacks-for-contracts network makes Rajoy and his party unfit to govern.
Most other parties seem to agree, although the result of the motion, which is due to be voted on come Friday, is still unclear.
The stakes are raised by the fact that if the Socialist initiative wins, the party's leader, Pedro Sánchez, will automatically become prime minister. Rajoy has dismissed the move as being driven by Sánchez's personal ambition, warning that the forces that might vote to remove him from power would result in a “Frankenstein government”.
Economic argument
On Wednesday, in the final congressional session before the no-confidence motion debate begins, Rajoy accused the opposition of being “Torquemadas” and he highlighted the need for political stability in order to keep Spain's economic growth on track. Rajoy sees his supervision of the country's economic recovery as his main achievement. The domestic turmoil of recent days, along with that in Italy, has unsettled Spanish markets.
But while last week's court sentence has left Rajoy isolated, Spain's fragmented political landscape and territorial crisis complicate Sánchez's attempts to gather the 176 votes he needs in the 350-seat chamber.
He appears to have the support of Podemos, but in order to secure the absolute majority required, they will also need the backing of Catalan and Basque nationalists.
Catalan pro-independence parties welcome the opportunity to remove Rajoy, who introduced direct rule in their region in October and has steadfastly refused to discuss with them the possibility of holding a referendum on secession. But they also have reservations about Sánchez, who has labelled the new, pro-independence Catalan president, Quim Torra, a “supremacist” and compared him to French far-right leader Marine Le Pen.
Torra performed a U-turn on Tuesday, which should prompt the Spanish government to lift direct rule in Catalonia: he replaced four contentious choices as regional ministers, all of whom are in exile or in jail, with candidates who are more acceptable to Madrid.
However, there is still a degree of resistance within the Socialist Party itself to the idea of winning a parliamentary motion with the help of separatists. “Right now, the [Catalan] independence movement worries me a lot more than whatever the PP has stolen,” said Socialist veteran Juan Carlos Rodríguez Ibarra.
Even if the Catalan secessionist parties do support the motion, the five seats of the moderate Basque Nationalist Party (PNV) are expected to have the final say.
General election
Sánchez has said that if he wins, he is willing to call a general election, although he has not specified when. The only party confident of making electoral gains is Ciudadanos, whose strident unionism throughout the Catalan crisis has seen it soar into the lead in many national opinion polls.
Ciudadanos has ruled out supporting this no-confidence motion, instead calling for a snap election, a plan Podemos appears willing to support if Rajoy wins on Friday.
The Basque nationalists must weigh up all these issues as they decide how to cast their key vote. The PNV has little sympathy for Rajoy, but fears that if Ciudadanos ends up governing it will cut back long-standing financial privileges the Basque region has enjoyed from Madrid and further polarise the territorial debate.
With four parties now vying for power, Spain's parliament is more fractured than it has ever been since the return to democracy. Until now, that had prevented a coherent opposition from forming and allowed Rajoy to remain in control, despite his party's disintegrating credibility. But even if he gets through Friday's vote, it looks as if the Spanish prime minister's knack of surviving could finally be about to fail him.
Hatters forward Danny Hylton has no doubt that strike partner James Collins will break the 20-goal barrier for Luton this term.
The 26-year-old began with a hat-trick on debut against Yeovil and had a tally of five from his opening five games.
He's getting in great positions, leading the line well, putting in a real shift, so I'm delighted with him. Nathan JOnes
However, he has scored just once in his last seven matches, but Hylton said: “Collo's a goalscorer, he'll be a little bit frustrated, but he won't be worried. Collo will score goals and he'll get his 20-25 this season, without doubt.
“I'm sure he'll say the same, he didn't score, but we won the game and we're not far off where we want to be, I'm sure he'll not be too worried.”
Manager Nathan Jones had no concerns about one of his major signings of the summer too, as he said: “At Chesterfield, he missed one or two chances that he would normally take, but I don't think he's missing chances now.
“He's getting in great positions, leading the line well, putting in a real shift, so I'm delighted with him.
“We needed to pick him out a little bit better the other day, because we had opportunities where we could have, and then he contributed, set up Hylts goal.
“So I'm delighted with my front three, they're creating or scoring, that's all you can ask.”
Collins was booked for diving during the weekend's 3-1 win over Newport, and after the whistle, when asked on the day what he thought of referee Mark Heywood's decision, Jones said: “I probably agreed with him if I'm honest.
“He didn't need to go down, he was in the box, got a wonderful strike on him, so I'll have to see it again before I comment. I didn't agree with the ref first half, but I agreed with him second.”
However, after watching it back, Jones added: “Actually he had an argument for a penalty because he just steps across him.
“I think the way that James went down probably cost us a penalty as it's actually a foul,”
- It looks like Samoa Joe vs. Tye Dillinger will take place on next week's WWE SmackDown episode. WWE posted this video of Tye and R-Truth backstage at last night's show. Truth proposes a new tag team with Tye but Tye is no longer interested as he wants to make a name for himself. Truth then talks trash to Joe and says Joe doesn't stand a chance against Tye.
- The following matches were taped for tonight's WWE NXT episode:
* Dakota Kai vs. Santana Garrett
* The Mighty (TM61) vs. Otis Dozovic in a Handicap Match
* Kairi Sane vs. Vanessa Borne
* The Velveteen Dream vs. Christopher Dijak
* Johnny Gargano vs. EC3
NXT spoilers for tonight are at this link.
- RAW Women's Champion Alexa Bliss tweeted the following on her Extreme Rules match against Nia Jax at the July 15th WWE Extreme Rules pay-per-view:
The film star is expecting her fifth child.
Actress Brigitte Nielsen has shared a new picture of her bump days after revealing she is expecting a baby at the age of 54.
The Danish-Italian film star and ex-wife of Sylvester Stallone posted a picture on Instagram of herself holding her bump along with the caption: “Happy time (heart) positive vibes #happyness #positivevibes.”
The post came after she revealed earlier this week that she is pregnant with her fifth child.
Along with another post on Instagram, also showing her bump, she wrote “family getting larger” along with a love heart emoji along with the hashtags #me, #family and #babybump.
Nielsen, best known for her modelling career and roles in films including Rocky IV, Red Sonja and Beverly Hills Cop II, has been married five times and has four sons.
Nielsen's eldest son Julian, 34, is from her first marriage to Kasper Winding.
Her second son, Killian, 28, is from her relationship with ex-American footballer Mark Gastineau.
Douglas, 25, and Raoul, 23, are from her fourth marriage to Raoul Meyer.
She married Italian TV producer Mattia Dessi, 39, in 2006, and this will be their first child together.
As well as Winding, Stallone and Meyer, Nielsen was also married to director and photographer Sebastian Copeland for two years in the early 1990s.
© Press Association 2018
Enhanced speed and efficiency for recording, processing and displaying large amounts of data - including 3D visualization in real-time
Leica Microsystems has launched the new version of its powerful research microscopy software LAS AF 3 (Leica Application Suite Advanced Fluorescence). LAS AF 3 sets new standards for intuitive operation. It covers the whole spectrum of fluorescence applications from routine work to sophisticated tasks in biomedical research, such as deep imaging of thicker tissue or interactive time lapse experiments.
Improve efficiency with a workflow-oriented structure and a new user interface design
A key feature of the LAS AF 3 is its modern user interface, optimized for fluorescence imaging. It reduces stray light from the computer screen disturbing light-sensitive experiments. The wizard based interface guides users safely and intuitively through data recording and evaluation. LAS LAS AF 3 offers full control over the microscope hardware while minimizing user interaction through intelligent automation, e.g. by opening and closing shutters according to the selected contrasting method. Matching DIC prisms are moved into the light path when changing objectives; in fluorescence mode the DIC prisms are automatically removed from the light path to obtain best image quality. All system parameters can be reloaded and applied to future experiments for maximal reproducibility. Both, intelligent automation and the ergonomic design of LAS AF reduce learning and training time thus allowing the user to focus on the research rather than on the software.
Due to the modular structure of LAS AF 3 systems can be tailored to fit specific needs. A wide choice of hardware components e.g. the unique water immersion micro dispenser, high precision stages and live cell accessories can be added to obtain integrated and reliable system solutions dedicated to specific applications like screening, ratio imaging, FRET, colocalization studies, super-resolution and TIRF microscopy or electrophysiology.
All application, processing and quantification modules such as the powerful High Content Screening package (Leica HCS A) or the Live Data Mode for the definition of acquisition macros are fully integrated into LAS AF 3 for fast handling and visualization of large data sets.
LAS AF 3 like its predecessor supports both, the Leica widefield imaging platform and the new confocal laser scanning system family Leica TCS SP8. One software user interface for all Leica systems sets ideal conditions for swift and effective work, which is particularly important in imaging facilities.
Get better images faster – including 3D rendering in real time
Harnessing the performance of modern graphic card processors, the new 3D Visualization package offers a wide variety of brilliant real-time 3D rendering options. Choose from functions such as fast rotation, display of 3D images on stereoscopic displays, interactive shadow projection, even combined with transparency projections, or editing of 4D data sets to produce impressive animated movie sequences.
Image recording, processing, and quantitative measurements – all in one package
Thanks to state-of-the-art 64-bit technology, LAS AF 3 is fully equipped to provide fast image recording and brilliant results, even for large amounts of data. The wide range of tools for image processing, deconvolution and 3D visualization enables the user to capture and process all the important details of the sample without the need for additional software. The intuitive menu guidance proves helpful especially for the analysis and quantification of complex experiments.
Using the new LAS AF 3 software, researchers can get the most out of their innovative microscope systems to obtain the best possible results and thus new scientific insights.
For more information on LAS AF 3 please visit the Leica Microsystems website.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
The “perilous” state of the roads network here poses extra danger to bikers forced to swerve around potholes and divots, a local motorcycling advocate has said.
Martyn Boyd, the Northern Ireland representative of the Motorcycle Action Group, a campaign body with 65,000 members across the UK, believes the roads network here has deteriorated to a significant extent.
Martyn Boyd said our roads 'are close to being a national emergency'
“A large pothole or a poor quality repair may present a bumpy inconvenience for a car, but it can be a lethal hazard for a motorcyclist,” he told the News Letter.
“Our roads are in such a perilous state I'd say they are close to being a national emergency and that their current condition represents a serious hazard to motorcycles.
“If the roads aren't brought up to standard they're just going to fall to pieces.”
Mr Boyd continued: “If you take for example a hole in the road or crumbling manhole cover a car could drive over it, or could steer around without any great difficulty, but if I'm coming around a bend on a motorcycle and there's a pothole, and perhaps oncoming traffic, it's a lot more dangerous.
“If I hit that pothole, it can throw me off. I think people who don't drive motorcycles might not realise just how dangerous it can be.”
The Motorcycle Action Group representative believes a greater emphasis should be placed on bringing the standard of roads up to that necessary to keep motorcyclists safe.
“On December 31, 2016, there were 1,131,411 vehicles licensed in Northern Ireland, of which 20,668 are motorcycles, according to figures from the Department of Infrastructure,” Mr Boyd said.
“Whilst we represent a minority of vehicle using our roads, damaged road surfaces and poor quality repairs and reinstatements after utility work represents a much greater hazard - to the point of life threatening - to us than cars etc.”
He added: “If roads were kept to the standard necessary for safe motorcyclists everyone would benefit.”
Dallas Stars center Tyler Seguin (91) celebrates his third goal of the night with Jamie Benn (14) during the third period of an NHL hockey game against the Calgary Flames in Dallas, Friday, Nov. 24, 2017. The Stars won 6-4. (AP Photo/LM Otero)
NEW YORK -- Jamie Benn has no trouble blaming himself when something goes wrong with the Stars.
Well, how about Tyler Seguin? He's played 538 NHL games and is almost 26. He's done a good job of trying to adapt to the new style of play being engineered by Ken Hitchcock and his coaching staff, but he also could help out his buddy in the leadership department.
The Stars are in the midst of a three-game losing streak against good teams, and that caused Benn to issue this statement Saturday: "You've got to lead the way if you're going to be the captain. I'm not doing it right now, and I don't know who the team is supposed to follow if I'm not doing it."
And while he typically lets his teammates off the hook a little too much in his chats with the media, he's right about one thing -- if he's not playing well, then the Stars typically aren't playing well. The 28-year-old forward is a weathervane for this team, so when he has just a goal and three assists in his past 10 games, Dallas is seeking solutions.
Or what about John Klingberg? He's in his third season of leading the Stars in time on ice, and he's among the leaders in scoring among NHL defensemen this season. Isn't it time he starts leading the group of young defensemen who need some guidance? Couldn't he and assistant coach Rick Wilson start to forge pride in the blueline as a group?
There's a reason those two are wearing letters this year, and maybe they're candidates to help fix this team. Because it's going to take a team effort.
Kari Lehtonen will be in goal Monday against the Rangers. Jason Dickinson was called up from the AHL and also will be in the lineup. Julius Honka is expected to play for a banged up Greg Pateryn. The NHL is a game of rotating pieces, and that means the leadership has to be in place every game.
Ken Hitchcock came in with his usual fire as he took over this team in the summer. The veteran bench boss is supremely confident that he knows how to get a team to bond, and his coaching hubris can actually be endearing at times.
But Hitchcock was down Sunday. He used the word "disappointed" about 10 times. After saying earlier that he wanted to see how his team would respond to a "test" against Nashville, St. Louis and Vegas, he wasn't hiding his emotions.
"It was a disappointing week, disappointing because we really wanted to measure ourselves against top teams," Hitchcock said. "I don't know if it's revealing or if it's a bump in the road. I don't think we leveled off, I think we took a step backward."
And that's alarming. A team that has declared the time to win is now seems to be slotting in for a battle to earn a wildcard spot. And guess what, they're not alone. Chicago wants one of the two spots. Same with Minnesota. Anaheim believes it can be in the mix when it gets healthy. Calgary and Edmonton are still hopeful they can meet preseason expectations.
That's six or seven teams potentially fighting for two wildcard playoff spots.
That's a test that will last until April and make the past three games look like a pop quiz.
Benn said the transition to Hitchcock's more disciplined system isn't a problem. He said the players understand and know what to do, they just have to do it with more consistency.
"It just shows us we've got a lot of work to do to play with the best teams in the league. We're kind of stuck in the middle," Benn said. "It will be nice to get on the road with the guys and stick together, because we're in this together."
And that means Benn could use a little help at the top.
"I think the buy-in has to increase," Hitchcock said. "It's not one player, it's collective."
Twitter:@MikeHeika
A 25-year-old Hilo man was arrested and charged in connection with a stabbing incident over the weekend in Hilo on Hawaiʻi Island.
The suspect, Donovan Sieb, was arrested at the scene without incident and was taken to the Hilo cellblock. He has since been charged with first-degree assault and second-degree attempted murder. Bail has been set at $275,000. Sieb remains in police custody pending his initial appearance Monday afternoon, March 19, in District Court.
The victim, a 25-year-old Hilo man, was taken to the Hilo Medical Center and later flown to the Queen's Medical Center in serious condition.
Police responded to the incident at 8:42 p.m. on Saturday, March 17, 2018, for a report of a man with an apparent stab wound to his neck at Keawe Street in Downtown Hilo.
Witnesses told police that the suspect punched the victim during an argument with a group of people that the victim was with. Police say the suspect was led away from the group but returned and attacked the victim with a knife, causing a deep laceration to the front of his neck. Police say the suspect and victim did not know each other.
Bystanders from a nearby business detained the suspect until police arrived.
ADVERTISEMENT
Anyone who may have information about the incident is asked to call the Police Department's non-emergency line at (808) 935-3311 or Detective Tuckloy Aurello of the Area I Criminal Investigation Section at (808) 961-2385 or email Tuckloy.Aurello@hawaiicounty.gov.
Two Stabbings Reported Over the Weekend:
The stabbing was one of two reported in the islands over the weekend. The other incident was reported at the Queen Kaʻahumanu Center on Maui on Sunday afternoon. The victim in the Maui incident died at the scene and a suspect was detained at the nearby Kahului Community Center Park.
Extremely hot and dry conditions expected for the weekend have prompted local fire officials to declare a Red Flag Warning for Santa Barbara County.
The warning will take effect at 8 a.m. Saturday, and continue through noon on Sunday, said Capt. Gary Pitney of the Santa Barbara City Fire Department.
“Temperatures are predicted to be 10-20 degrees above normal, with relative humidity in the 10- to 15-percent range,” Pitney said. “Weak sundowner winds combined with the hot and dry conditions bring the potential for critical fire weather conditions across southern Santa Barbara County.”
While the warning is in effect, the public is asked to discontinue all operations that increase the chance of a fire starting, including the use of chain saws, weed whips, tractor mowers, open barbeques, and welding, Pitney said.
Hourly weather readings will be taken by city fire crews, with additional personnel hired to staff a support vehicle to patrol the high-fire-hazard areas, Pitney said.
The Santa Barbara Botanic Garden will close at 3 p.m. Saturday as a result of the Red Flag Warning, said Gina Benesh, director of development & communications for the garden. The garden is expected to reopen at 10 a.m. Sunday.
“The garden is closing to general visitation in order to reduce traffic in the canyon, Benesh said.
The forecast for Saturday and Sunday calls for highs in the 90s near the coast, with triple-digit readings likely at inland locations, according to the National Weather Service.
Wind gusts to 20 mph are possible on Saturday.
Cooler temperatures are expected Monday into next week, with highs in the 70s. Clear skies are predicted for the July 4 holiday.
— Noozhawk executive editor Tom Bolton can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Flying V slashed diesel and kerosene prices by 10 centavos per liter but increased gasoline prices by 45 centavos per liter, effective 12:01 a.m., Tuesday.
Eastern Petroleum, Pilipinas Shell, Phoenix Petroleum and Seaoil cut diesel prices by 10 centavos per liter, effective 6 a.m., Monday.
Eastern Petroleum, Flying V, Pilipinas Shell, Phoenix Petroleum and Seaoil also raised gasoline prices by 45 centavos per liter, also effective 6 a.m., Monday.
Pilipinas Shell and Seaoil lowered kerosene prices by 10 centavos per liter, also effective 6 a.m., Monday.
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Amalgam Carrier Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report A. Schweickhardt, A. Titan Instruments, AMERICAN EAGLE INSTRUMENTS, ASA DENTAL, Carl Martin, Daniel Kurten, DoWell Dental Products, FASA GROUP, G. Hartzell & Son, Guilin Woodpecker Medical Instrument, Helmut Zepf Medizintechnik, Hu-Friedy, J&J Instruments, Karl Schumacher, MEDESY, Nordent Manufacturing, Otto Leibinger, Shufa Dental, Sklar Instruments, Smith Care.
The report begins with introducing the global Amalgam Carrier market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Amalgam Carrier report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-amalgam-carrier-market/5912/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Amalgam Carrier Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: Single, Double.
Amalgam Carrier Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: Hospital, Clinic, Other.
Key points in the Amalgam Carrier Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-amalgam-carrier-market/5912/#inquiry
From all of this Amalgam Carrier market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Amalgam Carrier market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Amalgam Carrier distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Runaway leaders Manchester City conceded a late equalizer at Burnley to drop points for only the fourth time this season in the Premier League, drawing 1-1.
City have now failed to win its last three away games, including a loss at Liverpool that ended the unbeaten start, but Pep Guardiola's side is 16 points clear at the summit.
City defender Danilo had looked like proving an unlikely match-winner with a fine strike after 22 minutes of an otherwise frustrating day for City.
But after Raheem Sterling spurned a gilt-edged chance to put the game beyond doubt, the hosts grew in confidence and earned their reward when Johann Berg Gudmundsson turned in Matt Lowton's deep cross in the 82nd minute.
Despite the wealth of talent, City's matchday squad was depleted and Guardiola was only able to name six substitutes.
With record signing Amyeric Laporte on the bench, Vincent Kompany returned to the starting lineup and the City captain was soon in the thick of the action, clashing with both Ashley Barnes and Sam Vokes.
Burnley's back four, despite the absence of James Tarkowski, was well drilled and it required patience to break them down.
City controlled possession but its final pass was poor. Bernardo Silva did clip a dangerous cross into the box but Kompany could not get a touch and Sterling had no joy with a long-range shot.
City's breakthrough came from an unusual source after Sterling won a corner. The set piece was taken short and Kevin De Bruyne found Danilo in space outside the area. The Brazilian picked his spot and delivered a superb shot beyond goalkeeper Nick Pope.
City continued to press and Sergio Aguero had an effort blocked before Sterling and De Bruyne shot at the keeper.
Burnley was far more direct than City and made efficient use of limited possession to create a couple of chances. On both occasions Ben Mee might have done better as he first forced a save from Ederson from a lobbed ball into the box and then headed wide following a corner.
City looked to kill off the game early in the second half but Burnley's back line held firm, denying Aguero and Ilkay Gundogan a sight of goal before Sterling fired over. City even looked to Danilo again as frustration grew but this time Pope tipped over.
Burnley retained a threat on the break and almost snatched an equalizer when Aaron Lennon's thunderous shot was touched onto the post by Ederson.
That injected more urgency into City and Sterling should have scored when he was picked out in front of an open goal by Kyle Walker but somehow he sidefooted wide.
The Global LTE Market was valued at $158.49 billion in 2016, and is projected to reach $6,746.66 billion by 2024, having a CAGR of 60.3% during the forecast period of 2017 to 2024.
LTE is an advanced version of 3G network, which is being used to establish the base for 4G network. It offers data speeds ranging from 30Mbps to 100Mbps, restricting its use in multi-band phones only and in countries where it is supported. It is a path that helps in achieving 4G speeds but not the accurate 4G network. Among the world's cellphone users, more than 80% of the users use GSM network, exception being the US telecommunications market. LTE technology offers several features such as higher capacity, enhanced user experiences, and extraordinary data rates. The global LTE market is anticipated to grow at a tremendous pace, owing to the surge in user adoption in both urban and rural areas. The United States Telecom Association revealed that in rural areas the wireless broadband is expected to grow by 117% by 2026. In addition, media, broadband, and information technology add approximately $1 trillion annually to the U.S. economy. Such promising stats are expected to offer lucrative opportunities to the market players in the upcoming years.
Request Sample Copy of the Report@ https://www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/global-lte-market/request-sample
Market Determinants
Surge in the adoption rate of LTE by various operators in Asia-Pacific and the need for higher data transfer rates are the major determinants driving the market growth. The market growth is also driven by the increasing application of LTE in public safety measures. Until 2011, approximately 7.4 million LTE subscribers were recorded, of which nearly 1.3 million subscribers belonged to regions other than Asia-Pacific. The market growth is being hampered by the presence of limited and uneven spectrum and poor reliability of network performance. However, surging demand for LTE-enabled devices and strong growth in wireless infrastructure are expected to offer profitable opportunities during the forecast period.
GLOBAL LTE MARKET DETERMINANTS – IMPACT ANALYSIS, 2016 Vs.2024
Segment Analysis
Global LTE market is segmented by component, technology, application, and geography. On the basis of component it is further divided into Infrastructure, Terminal Equipment, LTE testing Equipment, and Network Services. Based on technology it is categorized as LTE FDD, LTE TDD, and LTE Advance. By application global LTE market is segmented as M2M and Connected Device, Public Safety LTE, VoLTE, Video on demand, Defense & Security, and Others (IP surveillance, browsing, Large enterprises). Geographically, global LTE market is segmented as North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Rest of the World. In 2016, North America was the largest market for LTE and is expected to grow further at a CAGR of 50.5% during the forecast period. As per the data revealed by GSMA Ltd., more than 94% of the North American population is expected to use 4G technology by the end of 2020.
GLOBAL VoLTE MARKET, BY REGION, 2016-2024
Major players of the LTE market are Alcatel-Lucent, AT&T, Inc., Bharti Airtel Ltd., China Mobile Ltd., Huawei Technologies Co. Ltd, LM Ericsson, Nokia Solutions and Networks. B.V., NTT DOCOMO, Inc., Verizon Communication Inc., and Vodafone Group Plc. Technological upgradation is the key strategy adopted by market leaders to maintain their foothold within market. For example, in December 2014, Verizon started the process of migrating entirely to a 4G network.
GLOBAL LTE MARKET SEGMENTATION
By Components
• Infrastructure
• Terminal Equipment
• LTE Testing Equipment
• Network Services
By Technology
• LTE FDD
• LTE TDD
• LTE Advance
By Application
• M2M and Connected Device
• Public Safety LTE
• VoLTE
• Video on Demand
• Defense & Security
• Others (IP Surveillance, Browsing, Large Enterprises)
By Geography
• North America
• Europe
• Asia-Pacific
• Rest of the World
Key Market Players
• Alcatel-Lucent
• AT&T, Inc.
• Bharti Airtel Ltd.
• China Mobile Ltd.
• Huawei Technologies Co. Ltd
• LM Ericsson
• Nokia Solutions and Networks. B.V.
• NTT DOCOMO, Inc.
• Verizon Communication Inc.
• Vodafone Group Plc
Request for Customized Report @https://www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/global-lte-market/request-customise-form
Contact
Address:Sr. No.8/2A/1, Vitthal Heights, Above Yashwant, Kharadi, Pune-411014
Tel: +91-20-65606016
Email: help@esticastresearch.com
Web: https://www.esticastresearch.com
Deep beyond the hem of the capital far from the city limits amidst the smell of soot and smoke in the land of Chief Chinhamora in Nyamande ...
A FEMALE driver was taken to Bundaberg Hospital after crashing her Holden Commodore ute through a fence on Barolin Homestead Rd.
The P-Plate driver last control of the vehicle while negotiating a bend just after noon at Innes Park.
A blue Holden Commodore ute crashed at Innes Park today.
Ambulance officers treated the girl at the scene for an injured arm before transporting her to hospital.
A blue Holden Commodore ute crashed at Innes Park today.
Future Market Insights (FMI), with sharp focus on emerging trends, delivers key insights on the India Ready to Mix Food market in its recent report titled, “Ready to Mix Food Market – India Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment, 2014 – 2020”. FMI estimates that the India Ready to mix food market will expand at a CAGR of 15.7% and reach a valuation of US$ 284.4 Mn by 2020.
Consumer convenience is the key factor driving the India ready to mix food market. Additionally, increase in working women population due to increased standards of education, high disposable income of households, and growing organised retailing in India are other factors contributing to the growth of the market. Furthermore, increase in overall disposable income and private label penetration is expected to strengthen the growth of the Indian Ready to Mix food market in the next five years. In order to sustain in the competitive market and cater to increasing consumer demand, key ready to mix food companies are focusing on widening their offerings.
Request for Sample @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-111
The India ready to mix food market is segmented on the basis of application and distribution. By application type, the India ready to mix food market is segmented into snacks mix, dessert mix, and curry mix. Among these, snacks mix segmentis projected to account for around 50.9% market share by 2020, owing to the consumer demand. The curry mix sub-segment on the other hand, is expected to record a double-digit CAGR of around 15.8% during the forecast period.
By distribution channel, the India ready to mix food market is segmented into retailers, kirana shops, online purchase, and others. In terms of market share contribution to the overall ready to mix market, the retailers sub-segment is expected to record highest CAGR of 16.2%, followed by online purchase during the forecast period.
FMI lead analyst sheds light on why India ready to mix food market will become a mainstream product in convenience food industry in the near future. “Hectic lifestyle, growing demand for packaged food coupled with increasing disposable income is expected to fuel the growth of the ready to mix market in India over the next five to six years,” she said.
Request for Table of Contents @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-111
Although, weak distribution channel, price sensitive consumers, and low awareness level among the consumers in India are expected to hinder the market growth; adoption of new technology for better cooking performance of the products and increased exhibitions, seminars, workshops to promote it are the key trends expected to drive growth of the India ready to mix food market in the near future.
Recently, MTR Foods Pvt. Ltd. introduced new range of snacks variants such assalty banana chips, pepper banana chips, spicy banana chips, and Huli Thengols (snack made of yogurt) for consumers who are constantly looking for varieties in authentic snacks. Apart from MTR Food Pvt. Ltd. The other prominent players in the India ready to mix food market include ITC Ltd., Gits Food Products Pvt. Ltd., Kohinoor Foods Ltd., Ushodaya Enterprises Private Ltd.,and BambinoAgro Industries Ltd.
Browse Research Report @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/details/global-ready-to-eat-food-market
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Devices that have the potential to save lives are being installed across Sutton Coldfield – including at a funeral director.
Royal Sutton Coldfield Town Council, working with Community Heartbeat Trust, is funding the installation of four new community defibrillators around the town with two already in place and operational - at Ian Hazels Funerals in Lichfield Road, Mere Green and St Giles Hospice and The Cancer Support Centre in Lindridge Road.
While another is about to be installed at Moor Hall Primary School, with a fourth location yet to be confirmed.
(Image: Google)
The total cost to get each machine in place and operational is a little under £3,000.
The council said one of the aims of its strategic plan is to deliver a ‘Safer Sutton Coldfield'. And the benefit of public access defibrillators – known as PADs – is anyone can use them in an emergency.
A spokesperson for the town council said: “The defibrillators are located in a brightly coloured metal box on public buildings and in public spaces. They are used in cases of life threatening cardiac emergencies.
“They are designed to be effectively used by non-medical people in an emergency situation whilst waiting for the emergency services to arrive.
“You shouldn't be afraid of using a defibrillator if someone has had a cardiac arrest as The British Heart Foundation states that following a cardiac arrest every minute that passes without the casualty receiving CPR and defibrillation their chance of survival is reduced.
Andrew Steggall, headmaster at Moor Hall School, which is receiving one of the four new PADs said: “We are delighted to be able to host the defibrillator at our school gates. This is great news for our community. We would like to offer sincere thanks to Cllr Mackey, the Sutton Town Council and Community Heartbeat. ”
While Sutton Trinity councillor Ewan Mackey (Con.) said: “I'm delighted that residents and users of Moor Hall School are able to benefit from this vitally important initiative that has also seen defibrillators installed in Mere Green and next to St Giles Hospice in Lindridge Road.
“Research shows that if defibrillation is delivered promptly after someone suffers a cardiac arrest, their chances of survival increase dramatically by as much as 75 per cent and as 270 children die in the UK every year after suffering a sudden cardiac arrest at school I must thank Mr Steggall for allowing us to position this unit at his school.”
Heather came into the office with “fatigue.” She has felt tired for years. She has been to other doctors and found to have normal thyroid and other hormones — no cause of her fatigue had been found. She also had mild asthma and allergies, as well as some bloating when she eats.
We performed a blood test for antibodies against gluten and they were positive, so she started on a gluten-free diet. Over the next several months, Heather was relieved of all her symptoms. She even had dry skin and hair that resolved on the diet. She was eating well, but was able to lose weight. She had the energy to get through the day, and was able to quit using her inhalers and nasal spray.
In studies done on Celiac disease, it seems that about 1 percent of every population that eats wheat has gluten intolerance. Many of them have little or no intestinal problems, but manifest this allergy in other ways, such as Heather did.
What Is Gluten?
Gluten is a protein found in all grains. It's what makes dough sticky and bread chewy. Because it makes the dough sticky, it holds in the gas that yeast produces, allowing bread to rise. Extra gluten is sometimes added to dough, such as bagels, to make them more chewy.
Why Do People React to Gluten?
Only the type of gluten found in wheat, rye, barley and spelt causes a reaction. The reason for this problem is that gluten is not water-soluble so it doesn't denature (open up) unless there is a lot of acid in the stomach. If it doesn't open, then the enzymes can't digest it and it goes into the small intestine as a whole protein. The immune system then says, “This isn't supposed to be here — it must be an infection,” and begins to cause a reaction.
What Are the Manifestations?
When people get this reaction, the inflammation can manifest anywhere in the body. Allergies, arthritis, fatigue, rashes and weight gain can be manifest as well as intestinal complaints such as GERD (reflux or indigestion), bloating, diarrhea or constipation, and nausea. The lining of the intestines is also affected, which can lead to “leaky gut” syndrome. For this reason, the possible manifestations of this illness can be almost anything.
How Can I Test for Gluten Sensitivity?
The blood test for gluten sensitivity is quite accurate, around 90 percent compared with a biopsy of the intestine. However, you don't need a doctor because you can do a very effective test at home called the elimination diet.
The Elimination Diet
The best way to find out if you have gluten intolerance is to eliminate all gluten from your food. That means no wheat, barley or rye products at all. But you also need to be careful of added gluten to foods. Sometimes they call it “wheat protein” or “vegetable protein” so it may not say “gluten” on the label.
You have to be careful because, for example, even soy sauce has wheat in it and beer has barley, so these should be avoided.
There are many websites that could tell you how to eat a gluten-free diet. There is some conflicting information because gluten is found in all grains. The ones to avoid are wheat, barley, rye and spelt. Rice, corn and oats have gluten, but they are much easier to digest and generally don't cause a reaction.
I usually put my patients on a gluten- and milk-free diet for the first two weeks. Milk protein also causes reactions, especially if there is already inflammation in the intestines. After two weeks they can add in milk products, but if they get a reaction, then they have to stop again.
By the end of two weeks, you should be noticing some improvement in whatever symptoms you have. If you don't, give it at least three weeks before you quit, and find another source for your symptoms. You may need the help of a physician who deals with your kind of problem.
Home Cures That Work!
While the gluten-free diet can keep the problem in check, what you really want is a cure for the reaction so you can eat “normal” food again. I explained above why people react to the gluten. If you digest this protein in the stomach, it won't go into the intestines and cause a reaction so the cure for the problem is to fix the stomach where the initial breakdown of gluten is supposed to occur.
The following list is a guide; you may employ some or all of these to improve the function of your stomach:
» 1) Eat less — stop eating when you're full; don't over-fill your stomach.
» 2) Eat lots of fiber (30 to 40 grams per day is good).
» 3) Avoid high-calorie, low-nutrient foods such as pizza, fried foods and fast food.
» 4) Avoid processed sugars and starches.
» 5) Fast for one to two days per month, drinking only water.
» 6) Eat only fruit or vegetables between meals.
» 7) Avoid alcohol.
» 8) Decrease stress.
If these aren't working, see your doctor and have an H. pylori test to see if you have a chronic infection in the stomach.
The secret that most doctors won't tell you is that just because you reacted to gluten in the past doesn't mean you will always have this problem. It is curable — at home by improving the digestion of the stomach. This will improve your life in more ways than simply going on a gluten-free diet. The diet is necessary for a time (usually six months or more) while you work on the stomach, but most eventually become “normal” again.
— Scott Saunders, M.D., is medical director of The Integrative Medicine Center of Santa Barbara. For more information, click here or contact the Santa Barbara location at 601 E. Arrellaga St., Suite 101, or 805.963.1824, or the Lompoc location at 806 E. Ocean Ave. or 805.740.9700.
NEW YORK (AP) — The Latest on Roseanne Barr (all times local):
11:50 a.m.
President Donald Trump has broken his silence on the cancellation of "Roseanne."
In a tweet, Trump noted that Robert Iger, who is chief executive of ABC's parent Walt Disney Co., called Valerie Jarrett to say the network wouldn't tolerate Roseanne Barr's racist tweet about the former Obama adviser.
Advertisement
Trump wrote that Iger never called him to apologize for "the HORRIBLE statements" that have been said about him on ABC. Tweeted Trump: "Maybe I just didn't get the call."
The president reveled in the show's success this spring, especially after Barr's character came out as a supporter of his policies.
2 a.m.
Roseanne Barr shows no signs she will remain quiet about her firing from her popular ABC series and has highlighted supporters' tweets criticizing the network.
Barr engaged in a series of tweets Tuesday night, hours after ABC announced it was canceling the rebooted "Roseanne" over a racist tweet by the comedian attacking Valerie Jarrett, an adviser to former President Barack Obama.
Barr's post-firing tweets included an apology to those who lost their jobs because of her words, but her choice of retweets struck a defiant tone. They included one post that juxtaposed an image of Jarrett with an image of a "Planet of the Apes" actor — a comparison that led to her firing.
She later tweeted that people should not defend her.
The first impression some members of the USA Luge team got regarding how the 2018 Pyeongchang Olympics will operate came on the bus ride from the airport to the mountain resort where they're staying.
Sensing the athletes were weary after long flights, the bus stopped for lunch.
Whether it's the South Korean volunteers learning all the names of athletes, offering wireless connectivity just about everywhere or even letting sliders pick what sort of music they want to hear on the start ramp, many of those vying for spots on next year's U.S. Olympic Team are liking what they're seeing so far from Pyeongchang and the surrounding areas.
"They're asking a lot of questions," doubles luge veteran Matt Mortensen said from South Korea on Tuesday. "They're doing the right things and everybody just seems really happy to be putting on this show for the world."
A dry run for the Olympics is essentially going on right now in the Pyeongchang area; cross-country, nordic combined, luge, speed skating, freestyle skiing, snowboarding, ski jumping, figure skating and curling either have held or are currently contesting international events there, and other sports " alpine skiing, nordic skiing, bobsled, skeleton and biathlon included " are will do so in the next few weeks.
"It's kind of surreal thinking that next year is the Olympics and they'll be here," U.S. speed skater Mia Manganello said after she competed in Pyeongchang at the world single distance championships this month. "Hopefully, I'll be able to represent as well."
It's a critical time for athletes, and even more critical for the hosts. These test events, as they're known, are designed to both welcome the world and work out the kinks before the Olympics.
U.S. Olympic Committee sport performance chief Alan Ashley was in South Korea this month, and said he left the venues and villages convinced that Pyeongchang will be " or is " ready.
"These test events are good opportunities to check things out and give us an idea of what to expect for the games," US Skiing Freestyle Program Director Todd Schirman said. "Obviously, the environment a year from now will be different, but every note we can take away ... will help us ensure we have the best plan in place to compete at the highest level in 2018."
For skiers and sliders, the time in South Korea is of particular importance.
Figuring out the lay of the land, the culture, the food, that's all vital to anyone planning to compete in Pyeongchang. But for some sports " figure skating, speed skating, curling, hockey " the field of play won't be much different in South Korea than it will be anywhere else in the world.
In the sports like skiing, bobsled, skeleton and luge, every venue around the world can seem quite different, and figuring out how to attack those courses or tracks is rarely easy. Luge athletes are getting about 25 runs this week on the track at the Alpensia Sliding Center, with hopes of coming up with some sort of game plan to master turns most had never seen until a few days ago.
"Right now, I'm definitely just focused on getting down," two-time world luge champion Erin Hamlin said. "I'm still figuring it out."
Top 6 Reasons to Beware of Top 10 Writing Tips
Write Like Me. Idealism generates a lot of writing advice, self-promotion even more. The idealist sincerely believes that she has discovered some (or all!) of the secrets of good writing and wants to impart these to others, to save them time and frustration and to raise the general standard of books. The self-promoter wants—consciously or half-consciously—more people to write like she does. Rules that elevate her kind of book while downgrading other kinds mean more—well, you get the drift. The “write like me” subtext, often slyly disguised, shapes many book reviews written by authors. But what does motivation matter, you might object: I want to write like my idol. Then do. But ask yourself, in moments spared from fashioning yourself after X: a) if the world needs another X (X being, after all, out there); b) if becoming alter-X is truly your creative goal; and c) if the rich and bewildering diversity of the world's books were to be simplified to aisles of X and pseudo-X, would the result be closer to reader heaven or hell?
Blind Spots. No one reads, much less appreciates, everything. Not every genre, and certainly not every approach within that genre. So, while your tipster may seem to be imparting wisdom gleaned from an open-minded survey of all literature, he isn't. No matter how avidly he's read over decades, he's still only nibbled at a tiny corner of the world's books, a corner further reduced by ingrained tastes and prejudices. A good point to remember when seeking advice in general. Does your advisor know and like the kind of book you're writing? Or are you showing, say, your wondrous crime novel set in space to someone who hates both crime fiction and sci-fi? It sounds crazily self-defeating, and it is—but I catch myself and others doing something like it all the time. Trying to please the eyes of myopes whose gaze stops short of us.
Hidden Trade-offs. A boo k is an approximate thing, a negotiated settlement. Even a superb book can't do all things well: be strikingly original, richly imagined, deep in thought and feeling; have a fascinating plot, hurtling momentum, unforgettable characters, beautiful language. An excellent book will scale a couple of these peaks and perch midway up, or barely climb, the others. Not just or even primarily because of a finite supply of talent—but more importantly, because the elements of a book tug in different directions, so that to satisfy one you have to sacrifice a bit of another. To take an obvious example, you don't savor phrases and flip pages—not at the same time anyway. So be aware that your tipster is telling you with each tip how to improve one element of writing without necessarily disclosing what it will cost in terms of the others.
With these general caveats in mind, let's glance at three common writing tips to show how wary realism qualifies received wisdom.
Write every day. It's taken me years to un-learn this chestnut. I'm still working on it. In childhood I internalized a “practice makes perfect; don't be lazy” ethos that I still try to live by. The trouble is, I also live with recurrent mental illness, which means that for major chunks of the year, I'm incapable of writing. Whipping myself to produce at such times, as I did for decades under the banner of self-discipline, resulted in reams of incoherence, repetition, blankness…and deep frustration. This is where self-discipline becomes self-laceration and works to kill, not strengthen, the creative impulse. There's a time to stop. Not give up—but divert to the gathering kinds of activities—daydreaming, jotting loose notions, reading (and re-reading) indiscriminately, nosing about for what's next—that “fill the well” and are also part of writing. Learn your own creative metabolism, and nourish it diligently.
Show, don't tell. Another workshop truism—who's in favor of plodding explication?—that's been taken way too far. We fight our way back from it to a decent respect for simple utterance, since at its most extreme “show, don't tell” involves us in contortions of drama, metaphor, evocation, and suggestion, all in order to avoid plain declaration. Of course there's a balance to be struck, but we learned it in primary school when the freckled girl with braids showed us a cool thing—a snakeskin—and then told us, simply, where she'd got it and why she'd brought it to share. Show and tell.
Good writing doesn't call attention to itself. All good writing does. It's why you pause to re-read the capsule description, the one-liner, the crisp banter, the plain sentences before a surprising twist, a tense fight scene, how boredom was made interesting, the clear paragraph setting out a complex idea or event—these and a hundred other fruits of good writing call attention to themselves and beg to be savored again and again. Elmore Leonard was fond of saying that, when revising, he cut out anything that sounded like writing. Luckily, he was kidding us (or himself)—or we would have lost the best of what can only sound like Elmore Leonard writing, writing so distinctive you constantly re-read it to marvel and puzzle at how it was done. Good writing compels attention.
Mike Barnes has published nine books across a range of genres: poetry, short fiction, novels, and memoir. His stories have appeared in Best Canadian Stories and The Journey Prize Anthology, and he has won a National Magazine Award Silver Medal in the short story category. His collection of poems, Calm Jazz Sea, was shortlisted for the Gerald Lampert Memorial Award; and Aquarium, his first collection of stories, won the Danuta Gleed Award. His newest book is The Adjustment League (2016), the first in a trilogy of noir novels. He works as a private English tutor and lives in Toronto.
The NC-Health Occupation Students of America (HOSA) District 7 Competition was held at Mount Airy High School recently, with 23 high schools from around the north western part of North Carolina. Along those were 280 students, 25 advisors and 28 volunteer judges.
“All of those 333 people were at the HOSA District 7 Competition for one reason — to enrich their lives through leadership and service opportunities related to the delivery of health care to others,” the Mount Airy High School club said.
Here are the categories in which Mount Airy students placed among the top competitors, and their finish:
HOSA Bowl: first place, the team of Rebecca Billos, Anselmo Salazar, Cole Shelton and Blake Wolfe;
Researched Persuasive Speaking: second place, Riley Hayes;
Nutrition Test: first place, Tripp Gilley; fifth place, Meredith Marion; eighth place, Taylor Sexton; tenth place, Anna Kate Tucker;
Health Career Display: ninth place, Ximena Hernandez and Darius Nicholson; tenth place, Chloe Cave and Ellie Martin;
CPR/First Aid: sixth place Darius Walker and Brooklyn Nelson; seventh place, Oshyn Bryant and Ella Harmon;
Creative Problem-Solving: third place, the team of Kaeleigh Hearns, Ethan Hogue, Jami Keene and Star Trivette; sixth place, the team of Alyssa Collins, Brooksie Lawson, Kathlyn Mauck and Samantha Stewart; seventh place, the team of Natalie Ferguson, Natalie Owens and Karen Torres;
Healthy Lifestyles: third place, Emma Ratcliff, and fifth place, Abby Mosteller.
Last Thursday, Montessori Center School hosted its graduation reception in celebration of the graduating class of 2013.
MCS congratulated its graduates as they prepare for the next big phase of their education — junior high. During the ceremony, graduating sixth-graders gave impressive and heartfelt speeches to a packed house highlighting their valued experiences at the school. Nearly half of the students who stood on the stage had attended Montessori Center since they were toddlers, and fondly referred to the school as their second home and the teachers as members of their family.
MCS Head of School Patricia Colby handed out diplomas to the graduating class and to those children who were moving up to the next program level.
“The 2013 class has a special place in my heart because their last year at MCS is my first,” Colby said. “This year they were my teachers and inspiration for everything that is outstanding about an MCS education. They will always have a home here!”
We at MCS wish these students all the best and are so very proud of them! Each of them represents what is best about an MCS education in their own unique way. May they always remember that learning is fun, that you learn from mistakes, that everybody has gifts and challenges, that we are more similar than we are different, and that we can solve big problems when we work together.
Our graduates are:
Natalie Billings
Athena Boyle
Ashlyn Carter
Kyle Cekada
Andrew Chen
Martha Lea Davidson
Noah Dusette
Alice Freire
Ruby Gasparrini
Alexandre Groom
Matthew Lindheim-Marx
Emily Martin
Athena Masthoff
Alexander Oaten
Maya Papadopoulos
Dillon Stave
Natasha Summer
Ethan Whetter
They will be attending the following schools in Santa Barbara as they continue their education: La Colina, Goleta Valley, La Cumbre, Santa Barbara Middle School and Anacapa School.
— Garrett Durand is the director of development and marketing for Montessori Center School.
Guptill's gone again! Black Caps opener felled by another hamstring injury, set to miss T20, first two ODIs against Proteas
The strain is unrelated to the one that caused him to miss the final ODI against Australia last month.
CANBERRA, Australia (AP) — An influential Australian opposition lawmaker under fire over his close links to wealthy Chinese political donors has announced he is quitting the Senate for the good of his party as the government moves against foreign interference in politics.
Sam Dastyari announced on Tuesday that he would quit as a senator for the center-left Labor Party before Parliament next sits in February. Cabinet Minister Peter Dutton had criticized Dastyari for his links to China.
Dastyari has been at the center of government complaints of foreign interference in Australian politics, accusation that have raised the ire of Beijing.
Labor has accused the government of tapping into community "China-phobia" to attack Dastyari.
Advertisement
The government has announced that Australia will ban foreign interference in its politics either through espionage or financial donations.
Mickelson Cabinets is pleased to announce their quality line of products available to builders and designers who are in need of wholesale materials. While proud of their wholesale offers, they also provide special order cabinets that are still affordable.
Mickelson Cabinets offers low prices, while refusing to sacrifice value. Their line of kitchen and bathroom cabinets is made to last and features all plywood construction, full overlay doors and drawers, soft close slides and hinges and solid wood dovetail drawer boxes. Most cabinets are in stock and available within one business day.
Mickelson Cabinets offers one of the finest customer service departments available. They stand behind their products by offering a five-year limited warranty, giving customers the ability to enjoy their quality cabinets free of worry.
For more information on their quality products for builders and designers, visit Mickelson Cabinets on their website or call 509-608-3212.
About Mickelson Cabinets: Mickelson Cabinets was founded in 2016 by the father and son duo of Sheldon and Aaron Mickelson. Their vision is to deliver quality products at low costs in a quick period of time. Based in Spokane Valley, Washington, the company has become the largest supplier of in-stock cabinetry. The Mickelson family has a combined 60 years in the construction business with 15 of those years in the cabinet business. The family-owned business hopes to expand their reach across the continental United States.
Company : Mickelson Cabinets
Address : 225 N. Ella Road, Unit C, Spokane Valley, WA 99212
Telephone : 509-608-3212
Email ID : info@mickelsoncabinets.com
https://mickelsoncabinets.com/
Most people usually spend the majority of their time indoors because most of their daily activities take place inside homes and other establishments. Since the majority of people's daily routines are done indoors, the atmosphere inside homes and establishments has a great impact on the health and safety of the population.
Proper ventilation is critical to one's comfort and safety because it prevents air pollutants from affecting the health of the occupants. In addition, having proper airflow inside a home or establishment can remove any unwanted odors as well as maintain the health and safety of its dwellers.
Most homes and establishments have ventilation in the form of extractor fans, natural open vents, black box vents, etc. that will provide the proper air flow inside their buildings or homes. Unfortunately, not many people understand the importance of proper ventilation and tend to block them because they assume that more vents means more drafts indoors. But there are some key reasons as to why proper ventilation is regarded as necessary inside an establishment.
One is that proper ventilation reduces condensation. If there is not enough airflow inside the home, condensation builds up inside and will eventually lead to the production of mold or a damp atmosphere. Damp conditions as well as the presence of molds can cause health issues such as allergic reactions and respiratory problems for the occupants. This can be avoided by improving ventilation, warming the walls through insulation techniques and dehumidification. For most establishments, additional vents will greatly reduce any condensation problems.
Another key reason is that proper airflow promptly removes unwanted odors from indoors as well as provides a proper room condition for gas stoves, boilers and fuel-induced equipment to properly burn. If vents are blocked off, the air in the room will be used up and lead to suffocation. For example, cooking inside a home without proper ventilation will leave the smoke from the stove trapped so that it lingers within the room. The people present can develop respiratory problems or suffocate immediately due to lack of oxygen in the air because the air will be rife with carbon dioxide, carbon monoxide and nitrogen oxide which are present in smoke. Ventilation is therefore important to regulate airflow and rid it of unwanted odors within a home or an establishment.
Aside from regulating airflow and indoor conditions, having proper ventilation can prevent rot. For homes or establishments with suspended timber floors, ground level vents that allow the air to circulate around the floorboards helps prevent the wood from getting damp through condensation and then eventually rotting.
Lastly, proper ventilation helps improve health as well as comfort inside a workspace. When people are confined in an enclosed space, the area can become hot and stuffy. A ventilated room is more comfortable because of the regulation of air that will induce a more productive workplace. Moreover, indoor air pollution matched with bad ventilation can lead to several health problems like headaches, allergies, asthma, rashes and sinusitis—all of which can be avoided by installing a proper ventilation system.
The lesson to be learned here is that property owners should be aware of the ventilation conditions in their property and to check that the vents are sited correctly, sufficient, and in good working order.
MIAMI (WSVN) - A woman linked to the disappearance of a 4-year-old boy from Jupiter faced a judge, Monday.
Blanca Castro, 57, will remain behind bars in Miami-Dade as she waits for her transfer to Palm Beach County.
Her transfer will take place in about three weeks.
Castro has been charged with kidnapping.
A massive search started on Thursday for Dominic Caprio after he was taken from his home in Jupiter.
Dominic was reunited with is mother the next day.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Specialist cocktail bar Dirty Martini is to open in Birmingham this spring and to celebrate, the bar is offering free martinis to Brummies.
The martini bar chain, which has bars in London, Leeds, Manchester and Cardiff, will open in the former Viva Brazil restaurant site on Bennetts Hill in April after a £1million make-over.
To claim your free martini, all you need to do sign up to the newsletter here .
There are 15 martini cocktails available at Dirty Martini, including The Zeitgiest - Beefeater 24 Gin, Briottet Crème de Rhubarb, lemon juice, gomme syrup, Monin chai tea syrup and blackcurrant compote, and Fever Tree aromatic tonic, and chocolate martini - which contains Absolut vanilla vodka, Frangelico hazelnut liqueur and Briottet crème de cacao, double cream and chocolate powder.
The signature Dirty Martini has Ketel One vodka (or Tanqueray gin if you prefer) stirred with Kalamata olives, fresh thyme and a hint of Martini Extra Dry Vermouth.
Other available bar offers include half price martinis on Monday - Thursday 3pm – 10pm, Friday - Sat 12pm – 8pm and all day Sunday.
Dirty Martini CEO Scott Matthews said: “Birmingham city centre is going through a time of exciting development and growth. We're looking forward to opening our doors at 7 Bennetts Hill.”
Dirty Martini will join a growing number of new bars and restaurants in Birmingham city centre including Las Iguanas, Indian Streatery , Revolucion de Cuba which opens in Temple Street in March and The Ivy-slated to open this spring on Temple Row.
Are you hoping for a big pay rise this year? Economists have high hopes you'll get one.
Something has to give, right? We're heading into a ninth year of economic growth, unemployment is low and a new Government is lifting minimum wages and threatening to cut immigration.
Inflation – for prices and wages – has been a non-starter for several years now.
The prevailing view is we must finally start to see a bit more of it about as global growth returns to normal.
Advertisement
In fact the consensus about the need for wage inflation is so broad that even many employers are hoping your wages will rise. Just not necessarily your employer, or your wages.
Employers in many industries are struggling to find staff. Skill shortages consistently rate as big concerns in business confidence surveys.
Corporates are hot on creating funky work place environments, working hard to keep staff engaged and happy.
Last week hotel company Marriott International rolled out a novel strategy to attract staff, hosting a recruitment open day in the hopes of recruiting 100 new staff for the Sheraton Hotel that opens soon in Auckland.
Good for them.
Employers' groups also lobby for investment in education reforms and the targeting of more skilled migrants.
Sometimes it can seem like they are struggling to see the elephant in the room.
If you can't get staff to do a job, maybe you need to be paying more.
Unfortunately, that's a bit of an old-fashioned idea.
An economic concept called the Phillips Curve – invented by Kiwi economist Bill Phillips – appears to have broken down.
Phillips applied supply and demand to labour costs. His theory holds that as a period of low unemployment rolls on then labour shortages emerge and wages rise.
If you can't get staff to do a job, maybe you need to be paying more. SHARE THIS QUOTE:
It seemed to be a solid foundation for global capitalism and rising wealth through the 20th century. But since the Global Financial Crisis it has been out of whack.
So why don't employers simply pay more?
To be fair, it's not simple and, along with questions about why price inflation is so sluggish, there is a lot of debate about it.
Businesses are grappling with the same structural challenges as workers. Often they are running on low margins - unable to raise prices even when basic costs like rent and power rise.
Technology – the internet and smart computer systems - are breaking down geographic boundaries and traditional pricing structures. Competition has gone global.
For many businesses margins are squeezed and any wage rises have to be used judiciously to retain and recruit for vital positions. Picture / 123RF
For many businesses putting up prices is not an option. Margins are squeezed and any wage rises have to be used judiciously to retain and recruit for vital positions.
Corporate critics will note wage inflation often seems to be running a bit hotter at executive levels than for the average worker.
However, the Business Herald's chief executive pay survey last year showed even at the top the average rise was only about 3 per cent.
The cost pressures on businesses facing disruption of traditional models – that's most of them – mean the default option is to look to alternative recruitment options.
Can the work be outsourced to cheaper contractors based offshore? Is there a computer programme that will let existing workers build that function into their existing workload?
Often the answer to both questions is yes.
Ultimately, that's why I remain skeptical we'll see wages rise markedly if we rely on cyclical economics.
The big forces of social and technological change are all pressing down on inflation.
Fundamentally lifting the wages of the average New Zealander is going to take a big structural shift.
It's going to require the kind of long-term strategic thinking we're finally starting to apply to such issues as child poverty and the housing shortage.
In fact, there's a link. Ensuring a larger percentage of young New Zealanders are well placed to get a higher education is a great way to lift the average wealth in this country.
More broadly, we need to have a unified national goal of pushing towards a higher wage economy. That means Government, employers and unions working in sync towards a more highly-skilled and productive workforce.
There is a risk we may lose sight of this big picture if increased conflict and tensions rise around employment law reforms this year.
We have a Labour-led Government and with that comes some traditional shifts in legislation.
Employers are worried - as we saw in business confidence surveys late last year - but they have to get over it. We may yet see something like normal wage inflation return if government regulation and spending policies deliver the economy a shot in the arm.
We do need to be careful - as employers' groups warn - about artificially pumping wages in way that simply boosts top line inflation, pushing prices up.
That would leave us with a less efficient economy and workers no better off.
But employers need to play their part if we are to ensure the economy keeps growing.
Productivity needs to be rewarded. Investing in capital is crucial. And productive workers who make businesses hum are the most valuable capital there is.
Guptill's gone again! Black Caps opener felled by another hamstring injury, set to miss T20, first two ODIs against Proteas
The strain is unrelated to the one that caused him to miss the final ODI against Australia last month.
With US interest rates set to rise and increasing regulation, the technology sector needs to be prepared.
The high-flying US technology sector has been one of the best sharemarket performers in recent years. It was the top performer in 2017 with a 37 per cent gain, and is number one again so far this year.
It's the most dominant sector in the market, now representing 25 per cent of the S&P 500 index.
However, there are signs of increasing challenges on the horizon. While all those exciting disruptors still have very strong prospects, the outlook has become a little more complicated.
Earnings growth remains well and truly in favour of the tech sector, with profits forecast to grow an impressive 22 per cent this quarter, compared to the same period a year ago. That's well ahead of the S&P 500 average, which is also impressive at 17 per cent.
Advertisement
Netflix shares hit a record high last week on the back of a great result, which exceeded expectations. I'll be surprised if we don't see some equally impressive headlines from the likes of Amazon, Visa, Google and friends.
On the other side of the ledger, rising interest rates and increasing government scrutiny have taken the shine off some of the big tech companies. On the back of an improving economy, better wage growth and expectations of rising inflation, US interest rates are going up. The two-year Treasury yield is at the highest since 2008, and the Fed Funds Rate will soon surpass our Official Cash Rate for the first time in 17 years.
That's a headwind for companies in the tech sector, or at least their share prices.
While sales and customer numbers are growing strongly, many still post only modest profits. Much of their valuation hinges on the profits we expect them to earn in the future, sometimes years from now.
When interest rates are very low, the opportunity cost of waiting for those profits and dividends to arrive is low. Investors aren't missing much, because they aren't getting any return in cash or bonds anyway.
As interest rates rise, that all changes. The opportunity cost of waiting rises, as those other asset classes all of a sudden generate a half-decent income, for very little risk.
In short, because the earnings streams for many tech companies are long dated, investors may not be willing to pay as much for them as interest rates rise.
Then there's the prospect of increasing regulation, which is also a risk to some in the sector. We hadn't heard of most of these companies 10 years ago, but today they are intertwined in our lives and we've become dependent on them.
They've established dominant positions in their industries, and it has become so difficult for competitors. They've become monopolies in some ways.
Having strong market power is a sure-fire way to attract the attention of regulators, while questionable behaviour around privacy issues has also raised the ire of the authorities.
The tech sector is wide and varied, and these risks don't apply across the board to every company. The growth prospects are as exciting as they've ever been, so despite a few headwinds, the tech sector will still tick a lot of boxes for many long-term investors. However, it might not be plain sailing from here on.
• Mark Lister is Head of Private Wealth Research at Craigs Investment Partners. This column is general in nature and should not be regarded as specific investment advice.
Lagos – A Yaba Chief Magistrates' Court in Lagos on Wednesday, remanded a 37-year-old Nurudeen Bakare at Ikoyi prisons, for allegedly stabbing his mother to death.
Magistrate Oluwatoyin Oghere ordered the remand of the accused in prison being tried on a count-charge of alleged manslaughter.
Oghere, who directed that the case file be sent to the Director of Public Prosecutions (DPP) for advice, adjourned the case until Aug.1.
Earlier, the Prosecutor, Sgt. Modupe Olaluwoye, had earlier told the court that the accused committed the offence on June 6, at Oremeji Str., in Ilasamaja, Mushin area of Lagos.
Olaluwoye alleged that the accused had an argument with his 65-year-old mother, Bosede Bakare, over the accused inherited property.
“My Lord, during the argument, he grabbed a knife and stabbed her on her stomach and neck.
“The prosecution has the knife in custody as an exhibit plus witnesses that saw the whole event.
“During questioning, he admitted committing the offence and even signed a confessional statement,” Olaluwoye told the court.
He said the offences contravened Sections 222 and 223 of the Criminal Laws of Lagos State, 2015 (Revised).
The accused, who spoke in Yoruba language through an interpreter, pleaded not guilty to the one-count charge. (NAN)
BEIJING (AP) — China's auto sales were flat in November compared with a year earlier, leaving total purchases in the world's biggest market up an anemic 1.9 percent for the first 11 months of 2017, an industry group reported Monday.
Chinese drivers bought 2.6 million sedans, SUVs and minivans, according to the China Association of Automobile Manufacturers. Total vehicle sales, including trucks and buses, edged up 0.7 percent to just under 3 million vehicles.
Chinese auto sales have struggled this year after a temporary tax cut boosted 2016's growth to 15 percent. Sales contracted in April and May before growing feebly in recent months.
That weakness is a setback for global automakers that look to China to drive future revenue, though some have grown faster than the market, taking share from Chinese and other rivals.
Advertisement
In November, SUV sales rose 8.9 percent over a year earlier to 11 million, while sedan purchases shrank 4.8 percent to 12.2 million. For the first 11 months of the year, sales totaled 22.1 million.
Chinese demand has weakened as economic growth slowed and Beijing and other major cities tightened restrictions on ownership to curb smog and congestion.
Sales by Chinese domestic brands overall rose 5 percent to 1.2 million vehicles, according to CAAM. Their share of the market expanded by 1.6 percentage points to 45.8 percent.
— General Motors Co., which competes with Volkswagen AG for the status of China's most popular automaker, said sales by the company and its Chinese manufacturing partners rose 13 percent from a year earlier to 418,225 vehicles.
— Ford Motor Co. sales fell 8 percent to 117,593 vehicles. Year-to-date sales were off 6 percent at just under 1.1 million.
— Nissan Motor Co., the most popular Japanese brand in China, said monthly sales rose 21.8 percent to 165,384 vehicles. Sales through November were up 12 percent at 1.3 million.
— Toyota Motor Co. sales gained 9.9 percent to 109,600. Year-to-date sales grew 10.7 percent to 1.2 million.
— BMW AG said November sales rose 12 percent to 55,293 vehicles. Year-to-date sales were up 14.7 percent to 542,362.
___
China Association of Automobile Manufacturers: www.caam.org.cn
Tony Blackburn has led tributes to TV presenter Keith Chegwin following his death aged 60 after a long illness.
The broadcaster, who first worked with Chegwin when he was at BBC Radio 1, said the news had come as a huge shock.
He told the Press Association: “We always got on very well, he was the nicest person I've ever met, there wasn't a mean bone in his body.
“He was as you saw him on TV, that was him off screen as well and we just got on like a house on fire.
I'm absolutely devastated to hear that my friend Keith Chegwin has died.He was one of the nicest people I have ever known and over the years we did show together and became great friends. Keith RIP. — Tony Blackburn (@tonyblackburn) December 11, 2017
“We both had a rather childish sense of humour and we both had an enormous amount of energy, we used to work together on ITV and travel a lot together and when we were away we used to stay up all hours of the night chatting and having a laugh, we were like a couple of brothers.”
Blackburn said he last spoke to Chegwin about four weeks ago on the phone.
He said: “I phoned him up and he said he had been very very unwell and was still not quite right but he said ‘I'm getting better'.
“He said ‘I will phone you when I'm better'. I presumed he was recovering but he obviously wasn't.
“He was so young, only 60. He used to smoke very heavily but I think he gave it up.”
Keith Chegwin (Ian West/PA)
He continued: “We got on like a house on fire. Every time we met I just enjoyed his company, we were just collapsing laughing all the time, it was always fun and I think both of us were exhausting to be with for the camera crews.
“We used to wear everybody out, but he was a lovely man and very family orientated, he kept himself to himself a lot and we used to talk about his wife and his family.
“Every Christmas he used to send me a stupid Christmas card with a message on it and I would do the same with him and I was just going to get it together today and then I got the news.
“I was just trying to think of something stupid to put in the Christmas card, it's very sad, I couldn't believe it.
“He was very honest and that was his charm, he was a very talented guy, I think that is why everybody is saying so many nice things about him, when you worked with him you always knew you were going to have a good time.
“He was very talented, children loved him because he was a big child himself really, he was very natural with people, at one point he was on TV practically the whole time but it never went to his head.
“He was a natural on TV and what you saw was him. People like Ant and Dec are just the same off the screen as they are on and Keith was just the same. He didn't put it on, that was him, he was a naturally talented person.”
© Press Association 2017
Godrej Appliances introduces the most energy efficient range of direct cool refrigerators
~ Aims at saving 18 million units of energy till 2019
~ Runs on extremely low voltage, allowing it to operate on home inverters
~ Plans to capture 15% market share
Mumbai, June 14, 2017: Godrej Appliances, one of India's leading players in the home appliances segment, has unveiled its Godrej Edge Pro range of inverter compressor direct cool refrigerators. This new range of refrigerators, which consumes just 122 units of power annually, will help customers save Rs 6580 more than 3- star refrigerators over a period of 10 years, making it the most energy-efficient refrigerator in its segment. It can even run on extremely low voltage, allowing it to operate on power generated by home inverters. The technology promises to save up to 18 million units of energy compared to other three-star models till the year 2019. Moreover, it incorporates Godrej's unique Staycool technology which keeps the freezer cool for up to 24 hours after a power cut and comes in a range of vibrant colours.
Commenting on the launch, Mr. Kamal Nandi, Business Head and EVP – Godrej Appliances, said, “As an organization, Godrej has always endeavored to push the envelope, especially when it comes to energy efficient appliances. We are constantly exploring, innovating and evolving with the singular aim of delighting our stakeholders with cutting-edge products and services that seek to make their lives brighter, and the latest in our Direct Cool range of refrigerators is another attempt in this direction.”
Mr. Shivaji Sengupta, Product Group Head- Refrigerators said, “The Godrej Edge Pro inverter compressor refrigerator, the latest in our range of Direct Cool refrigerators is packed with a number of convenience-oriented features like Staycool technology and low-voltage operation. Furthermore the product also stands out due to its power-saving technology that will save the nation up to 18 M units of energy.”
Direct Cool category forms 78 % market of entire refrigerators market. Godrej aims to increase its share from 13 % to 15 % through this launch.
This new range has been launched in exciting new colors of wine, blue and brown, and is priced at Rs 18690 onwards.
To make it even more delightful for consumers, the company had recently increased the compressor warranty on all their models above 190L direct cool models to 10 years.
This product will be available across all channels and leading stores and is backed by a robust Godrej Smartcare service promise. Godrej Smartcare offers the widest service network with 625 service centres and more than 4500 Smartbuddy technicians, 24×7 call centre in 10 regional languages, Smartmobile vans for enhanced reach and faster service and CSN (Complete Satisfaction Number) which enables the customer to rate the service offered through a unique code.
Dirk Meissner, The Canadian Press
VICTORIA -- The leaders of British Columbia's New Democrats and Greens say it is not unprecedented for an Opposition member to serve as Speaker as they prepare to navigate a potentially tricky political situation in the provincial legislature.
NDP Leader John Horgan and Green Leader Andrew Weaver are using former Liberal MP Peter Milliken as an example, saying he served as Speaker in the House of Commons during a minority Conservative government.
"Peter Milliken, elected Speaker after five ballots under (former prime minister) Jean Chretien back in 2001, served as the Speaker through successive Conservative minority and majority governments," Weaver said Wednesday.
B.C.'s election last month did not produce a clear winner in the 87-seat legislature with Christy Clark's Liberals winning 43 seats, the NDP 41 and the Greens three.
The NDP and the Greens have a deal that would see the New Democrats form a minority government if the Liberals are defeated in the legislature.
Clark said when politicians return to the house on June 22 the Liberals will put forward a member to serve as Speaker.
But if her minority government is defeated, political tradition dictates a new Speaker be elected and that person normally comes from the government side of the house, which would mean electing a New Democrat to the position.
In that scenario, there would be a 43-43 tie in the legislature.
Horgan suggested the person who becomes Speaker next week, likely a member of Clark's caucus, should remain in the position following the expected defeat of the Liberal government in a confidence vote later this month.
"This is how I see it," said Horgan. "The government, current, is going to put forward a Speaker. Good. That Speaker should be in place as a non-partisan for the term of the parliament."
Attorney General Andrew Wilkinson suggested it is up to the NDP and Greens to supply the Speaker if the NDP forms a minority government.
"If the Greens and the NDP are purporting to be able to provide a stable government for British Columbians, then they have to do it from within their own resources," he said.
Experts have said an impasse over the Speaker could send voters back to the polls.
The Speaker's role is to enforce the rules in the legislature and he or she only votes in the event of a tie, and even then only to maintain the status quo, as per tradition.
The final major demonstrations of the loyal order marching season will take place in six main venues on August 26, with members of the Royal Black Institution on parade.
The Institution has 17,000 members in around 350 preceptories, and will demonstrate in Comber, Antrim, Castledawson, Lisburn, Omagh and Aughnacloy for the traditional ‘Last Saturday' event.
Sovereign Grand Master Millar Farr, who will be taking part in the Castledawson procession said the institution was once again looking forward to the much-anticipated day in the parading calendar.
He said: “The ‘Last Saturday' traditionally brings the curtain down on the loyal order parading season and we are expecting yet another magnificent finale.
“The various demonstrations will offer a wonderful spectacle of culture and pageantry, attended and enjoyed by large crowds at six different venues across the Province.”
COMBER
The largest parade of the day will be in Comber where 5,000 members of the loyal order will be on parade. A total of 107 preceptories and approximately 100 bands will take part in the procession.
The districts represented will be Lower Iveagh, Lecale, Castlewellan, Newry, Banbridge, Rathfriland, Mourne, Largymore, Ballynahinch, Newtownards, Saintfield, Bangor and Comber.
Among the many preceptories stepping out will be the largest in the Institution, Elijah's Chosen Few RBP 208 from Mourne District, with more than 250 members.
A large crowd is expected to turn out to watch the parade, which was last held in the Co Down town in 2004.
The main procession moves off at noon from Parkway via Killinchy Street, The Square, High Street, Braeside, Ballygowan Road, Railway Street, Glen Link and Belfast Road.
The religious service will begin at 3pm and will be chaired by Brian Hunter, Co Down Grand Master. Rev Stanley Gamble will conduct the service of worship.
Assistant Sovereign Grand Master, William Baillie, will be the guest speaker.
ANTRIM
Up to 80 preceptories will take part in the demonstration in Antrim.
The main parade will assemble at Fountain Hill at 12.30pm and proceed through the town via Fountain Street, Church Street, High Street, Bridge Street and Dublin Road to the field on the Randalstown Road.
The participating Co Antrim preceptories will come from six districts representing Antrim, Lisburn, Ballymena, Larne, Ballymoney and Ballyclare.
It is expected there will be 75 bands and 2,500 members of the Royal Black Institution on parade.
The platform proceedings will begin at 3pm under the chairman, Charles Hamilton, Antrim District Master. Co Antrim Grand Chaplain, Robert Campbell, will conduct the service of worship.
The guest speaker will be Rev William Anderson, imperial deputy grand master and imperial deputy grand chaplain.
A Last Saturday parade was last held in Antrim town in 2011.
CASTLEDAWSON
Sovereign Grand Master Millar Farr will be the special guest at the Co Londonderry demonstration in Castledawson.
The village is hosting a Last Saturday parade for the first time.
The demonstration will include 35 preceptories representing districts in South Londonderry, City of Londonderry, Coleraine and Raphoe, Co Donegal.
Thirty bands will accompany the parade, which begins at midday from Hillhead Road proceeding through the village to the demonstration field on the Magherafelt Road.
The platform proceedings are at 2pm and the preacher will be Rev John Noble, imperial deputy grand chaplain.
The principal speaker will be the sovereign grand master.
LISBURN
The City of Belfast Grand Black Chapter demonstration will be held this year in Lisburn.
It is tradition for members of the institution in Belfast to parade in various provincial towns and cities.
A total of 54 preceptories, representing seven districts, will step out in Lagan Valley, accompanied by 33 bands.
The main parade will move off at noon from Wallace Park and the procession route will be Seymour Street, Castle Street, Market Street North, Market Street South, Market Street, Smithfield Street, Market Place, Bow Street, Antrim Street, Antrim Road and North Circular Road, returning to Wallace Park for a religious service.
The principal speaker will be City Grand Master, William Elliott, with the service of worship conducted by Alan McIntosh, city grand chaplain.
City Grand Registrar, Christopher Cunningham, will chair the proceedings.
OMAGH
Twenty-four preceptories will be on parade in Tyrone's county town on the Last Saturday.
Sir Knights from Omagh, and neighbouring Castlederg and Strabane districts, will be accompanied by as many bands for the annual procession.
The event will be a special occasion for Omagh District and Omagh Olive Branch RBP 185, who both celebrate their 150th anniversaries.
The main parade will commence at 1pm and move via Crevenagh Road, Irishtown Road, Dublin Road, Market Street, High Street, John Street, James Street, Church Street, George's Street, High Street, Bridge Street, Drumragh Avenue, Market Street and Campsie Road before returning to the Crevenagh Road for a religious service.
The platform proceedings will begin at 2.30pm and the chairman will be Stanley McFarland.
The service of worship will be conducted by Co Tyrone Grand Chaplain, Rev Alan Irwin, and the preacher will be Rev Nigel Reid, an imperial grand chaplain.
The guest speaker will be Ivan Kelly, past assistant sovereign grand master.
AUGHNACLOY
Up to 80 preceptories and a similar number of bands will take part in the demonstration in Aughnacloy.
The large parade in the south Tyrone village, hosting a Last Saturday procession for the first time since 2006, will commence at 11.45am.
The districts represented are from the Republic of Ireland, Fermanagh, Primatial, Summerisland, Killyman, Aughnacloy and East Tyrone.
Senior Sir Knights in attendance will include Imperial Grand Registrar, Billy Scott, and Imperial Grand Treasurer, David Livingstone.
The main parade will commence from the assembly field on the Tullyvar Road and proceed via Moore Street to the demonstration field on the Caledon Road.
The religious service, starting at 2.15pm, will be chaired by Aughnacloy District Master, Harold Erskine.
Co Tyrone Grand Master Richard Emerson will be the principal speaker. The preacher will be Robin Fairburn, chaplain of Saintfield District.
Mumbai, December 2017: Like every year Sahara star brings in the festival of Christmas with great zest & joy. This year the Christmas celebrations started with an age old practice of the Fruit mixing ceremony.
Christmas is here! It is time to spread smiles, exchange gifts, spread love and joy among your near and dear ones. Hotel Sahara Star with its exceptional hospitality invites you and your family to unbox a one of its kind experience with delectable food, surprise gift and live entertainment. It is time to raise a toast marking the Christmas celebrations and upcoming new year. The celebrations begin at Earth Plate – The Global cuisine restaurant, which is all decked up in the Christmas theme to treat you for a luxurious gastronomical extravaganza.
At Sahara Star Christmas celebrations has begun from the 9th of December with special Pre-Christmas Buffet. Chef Rupesh and Restaurant Manager Harish Dosad has designed an ensemble selection of seasonal treats that is sure to make this time of the year merrier include Braised red cabbage, buttered water chestnut, new potato and Brussel's sprout, which are traditionally consumed during the festival. Guests can enjoy the eve dinner with exquisite House Port Wine.
To make your visit more memorable we are hosting Christmas Tree Lighting ceremony on 11th December. We also have a special Christmas shop set up during this season starting from the 9th of December. One can buy their choice of Christmas treats that will surely lighten up this season for you.
Pre-Christmas Dinner buffet:
The Pre-Christmas buffet starts on 9th Dec and will be on till the 23rd of Dec. One can choose from a selection of Christmas preparations and traditional delicacies at just Rs. 1,800/-
Christmas EVE brunch and Dinner:
On the Christmas Eve the Earth Plate offers a traditional Christmas Eve brunch & dinner followed by an extended midnight buffet with a complementary drink. Celebration starts on the 24th December. You can indulge in to some delicious gourmet at Rs. 2,490/- AI only.
Special Christmas Lunch:
On Christmas day we are all set to serve you a hearty meal that will cheer you up. Enjoy this cozy Christmas lunch surrounded with a scenic beauty of the tropical lagoon. Let your kids rejoice in the world of Santa, while you sip on to your favorite drink at just Rs. 1,990/- AI
Terms and Conditions:
Discounts will be applicable only on Food & Soft Beverage. No complimentary vouchers to be accepted. No discount will be applicable for FHRAI & H&RA card members.
Reservation & Information on:
022 39807444
Email:info@sahara.star.com
Venue: Hotel Sahara Star
Opp. Domestic Airport,
Vile Parle (East)
Mumbai 400099
For further information please contact:
Maanali Patil : 9970651882
Sahara Star PR
About Hotel Sahara Star –
Sahara Star, the flagship hotel of Sahara India Pariwar, is one of India's most desirable destinations. The 5-star deluxe hotel strategically located near Mumbai's domestic airport magnificently blends Indian mysticism and culture, while personifying the country's progressive spirit blending peerless hospitality with ultra-modern technology. Hotel Sahara Star enthralls the world with its magnificence, an architectural phenomenon, a majestic landmark, a destination to be experienced in its entire splendor. The Hotel is a distinct yet contemporary destination which caters to the guest's requirements with state of the art amenities, services & promotions.
Creating a paradigm shift, Sahara Star showcases world largest-pillar-less- clear- to- sky dome, an architectural landmark blending hospitality and entertainment to cater one of the most individualized hospitality experiences. The grand new lobby of the hotel that firmly differentiates between construction and creation is a visual delight, an engineering marvel, a clinical fusion of design and space. Complemented by India's finest 4,000 sq ft Marine Aquarium, abode to world's only Private Dining Room inside a marine aquarium exquisite marine lives, the Hotel weaves a dining facility amidst these aquatic wonders.
The world's first ‘hemisphere' three compound-curved custom designed all glass panoramic elevators rising in the exotic 55,000 sq. ft tropical lagoon can be found nowhere else.
In an ambience steeped in rich culture and superlative luxury, Sahara Sapphire, Mumbai's largest pillar-less multi-purpose event hall, gives an opportunity for every host to announce their event to the world. Hotel Sahara Star boasts of its largest hall in the city with a floor plate of 55,000 sq.ft, an impressive ceiling height of 25ft. Besides, reigned by contemporary design, Jade Ballroom embraces a sombre play of elegance. With a capacity to host 1000 guests in its abundant space of 10,000 sq.ft. Jade's pillar-less multi-function area with a ceiling height of 18 feet is a captivating sight for every guest. With a complete makeover of its exclusive rooms – Earth, Mercury, Uranus and Neptune, Hotel Sahara Star is well appointed with 321 guestrooms inclusive of 20 luxurious suites and 8 Food & Beverage outlets. Hotel Sahara Star features an unbelievable external façade made of glass and steel.
Here, the culture, mystique & hospitality of India blends with modern facility & services to create the finest business-cum-leisure hotel of the country.
LAGOS, Nigeria (AP) " Nigeria's government has proposed closing the airport in its capital, Abuja, for six weeks to repair runways that some airlines have described as dangerous.
The government wants to close Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, the country's second busiest, for most of February and March. Work by German construction company Julius Berger will continue after the airport reopens and is expected to take six months.
Flights would be diverted for six weeks to Kaduna city, which is 250 kilometers (155 miles) from Abuja on a road frequented by bandits.
A government statement Monday says officials will meet stakeholders on Thursday, realizing the "high level of discomfort and inconvenience" the closure of one of West Africa's busiest airports will cause.
GREENVILLE, N.C. – Jason Hamilton, who served as Mississippi State Associate Head Soccer Coach in 2017, has been named the fourth head coach in ECU women's soccer history according to an announcement from director of athletics Jeff Compher on Monday.
“We are extremely excited to welcome Jason Hamilton as the new head coach of our women's soccer program,” Compher said. “He brings with him a wealth of experience as a former player, head coach and assistant coach. His energy and competitiveness clearly made him stand out among a number of highly qualified candidates. I would also like to thank our internal committee and everyone involved in the search process.”
While at Mississippi State the Bulldogs had their best season in 16 years going 9-5-4 en route to their first winning season since 2012 and first top-50 RPI finish in program history. Three Bulldogs were named All-SEC for the first time, a program first, and Mallory Eubanks became State's first SEC Scholar-Athlete of the Year. Postseason honors continued to roll in as three Bulldogs were named National Soccer Coaches Association (NSCAA) All-Southeast Region and goalkeeper Catalina Perez was named Third Team All-American by the NSCAA – the first all-American in Mississippi State's 23-year history.
“I want to start off by thanking Jeff and Cathy Compher as well as Shelley Binegar for making my wife and I feel so welcome in Greenville,” Hamilton said. “Every single person I met on the search committee or during the process made this an easy decision for me. Who you work for and work with mean so much to me. The passion for East Carolina University that each person portrayed showed me how special of a place this is. I cannot wait to hit the ground running in January and couldn't be more excited about this opportunity. Go Pirates!”
ECU will be Hamilton's second head coaching position at the NCAA Division I level after guiding Troy (Ala.) University to a 37-19-5 record from 2014 to 2016. The Trojans set a program single-season record for wins with a 16-6 mark and a Sunbelt Conference Tournament runner-up finish in 2014, his first year at the helm. From 2014-15, his Trojans ranked among the top-20 in defense and earned back-to-back top-100 RPI rankings.
Hamilton began his collegiate coaching career at University of Miami (Fla.), where he served as the Hurricanes' assistant coach from 2011-2013. During his time at UM, the Canes appeared in back-to-back NCAA Tournaments in 2011 and 2012, and earned the highest GPA in the Atlantic Coast Conference, and highest in program history, in 2011.
He left Miami for the Boston Breakers of the National Women's Soccer League (NWSL) where he was an assistant coach in 2013. While with the Breakers, he coached NWSL Best XI Player Sydney Leroux and Second XI Player Lianne Sanderson.
Hamilton joined the University of Florida in 2013 where he helped the Gators to a SEC regular season championship and a NCAA Tournament second-round appearance. While in Gainesville, he created and implemented a curriculum for UF's goalkeepers, while overseeing the team's defense that set program records in shutouts (13) and goals against average (0.61).
As a player, Hamilton was a midfielder for Macomb College in Clinton Charter Township, Mich. The team advanced to the 2000 NJCAA Final Four with Hamilton earning a spot on the NJCAA Final Four All-Tournament Team. He was also an All-Conference First Team and All-Region Team selection.
Hamilton transferred to the University of Detroit Mercy and played goalkeeper during his sophomore and junior seasons. As a senior, Hamilton moved back onto the field and was a captain.
After graduation, Hamilton spent three seasons with the Windsor Border Stars in the Canadian Professional Soccer League and captured two Canada Cup titles.
Hamilton earned his bachelor's degree in business administration from Detroit Mercy in 2005. He also has several diplomas and licenses from the NSCAA, the United States Soccer Federation and the United States Sports Academy.
A native of St. Clair Shores, Mich., Hamilton is married to the former Hannah Mason – a graduate of East Carolina University and native of Laurinburg, N.C.
A Wetherby woman working in California for Pixar animations has designed a cartoon tribute to her late father in a scene of the Oscar-winning animation 'Coco'.
Earlier this month the Disney Pixar production, Coco, won Best Animated Feature Film and Best Original Song in the Oscars 2018.
Scene still of Coco. (Credit: Pixar)
But behind the scenes, Wetherby-born woman, Alison Leaf, was one of the many animators who worked on the award-winning film, and included a subtle special tribute to her late father, William George Leaf, in one of the scenes.
Alison said: "Coco is set during the annual Day of the Dead celebration in Mexico, where people honour their departed by displaying photos and decorating grave sites with flowers, food and personal items.
"In the sets department at Pixar, we were tasked with decorating numerous grave stones and so it seemed to be the perfect opportunity to create a dedication to my father, William George Leaf or 'Bill', as everyone used to call him.
"Dad was a resident of Wetherby, an incredible joiner and craftsman, who had a passion for cricket which he played for over 50 years.
"Unfortunately, they don't play cricket in Mexico, so I wasn't able to decorate his grave with a cricket bat - but I was able to dress in the tools of his trade, a hammer, a hand saw and I also included a harmonica, which he loved to sit and play at home.
"His initials WGL are written with marigold petals on the top of the grave stone and I also sprinkled in a handful of leaves - a symbol which Dad carved into his furniture."
Although discreet, once pointed out, Alison's tribute (shown in the bottom left corner of the scene still) is impossible to miss.
As well as the opportunity to include an animated tribute, Pixar staff working on Coco were invited to include pictures of the loved ones they had paid tribute to in a digital 'ofrenda' - the Spanish term for the collection of objects placed on a ritual altar when a loved one dies.
Alison added: "I worked on Coco for over a year and there wasn't a day that went by without me thinking of Dad who was one of the most kind, caring and supportive fathers anyone could wish for.
"Coco is a film which celebrates the importance of family so I'm very grateful that I had the opportunity to honour my father, in this beautiful movie."
Alison's mother, Pamela said she was 'touched' to see the picture of her late husband in the ofrenda when she went to see the film with her other daughter, Helen, at Wetherby cinema.
Pamela said: "It's there forever and a day and I think it is wonderful."
Bill Leaf, as he was better known locally, died aged 65 in August last year, while playing cricket.
Pamela said: "He died playing the game he loved. We always said that he would go with his boots still on."
Environment Canada is forecast rain for the next three days, starting Tuesday afternoon
Environment Canada is forecasting a raining week ahead right across the Okanagan and Shuswap.
Monday night, temperatures will dip down to 0 C with clear skies, and by Tuesday morning expect the clouds to roll in and a 30 to 60 per cent chance of showers by the late afternoon. The snow level will move down to about 1200 metres in the Okanagan and the high for Tuesday will be 8 C.
Those showers will continue into Wednesday where Environment Canada is forecasting a 60 per cent chance of rain throughout the day for the Okanagan and Shuswap region — temperatures fluctuating between 7 C in Salmon Arm to 6 C in Penticton.
Rain is forecast to continue into Thursday with wet snow anticipated for the Central and North Okanagan.
For Friday the rain is anticipated to come to an end; however, there is no sunshine in the forecast — the temperature for the day is expected to be about 8 C.
@Jen_zee
jen.zielinski@bpdigital.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
At the center of Charlottesville's violent white nationalist rally was a long-simmering controversy over the removal of a statue of Confederate General Robert E. Lee.
Controversies over Confederate symbols have been brewing around the country — most notably in South Carolina, where the Confederate flag was lowered from the state house grounds two years ago, and New Orleans, where statues came down earlier this year.
But in Charlottesville, the movement to remove a Lee statue and the backlash that followed have become particularly intense thanks to an ongoing court battle and questions over whether the city council has the authority to remove it.
Now, the planned removal of the statue became a rallying cause for the alt-right — and symbol of growing discontent.
One hundred years ago, in 1917, the 26-foot-high statue was commissioned by a philanthropist and given to the city along with the surrounding land in honor of his parents. The statue took seven years and three sculptors (the first one died) to complete. According to the city of Charlottesville's website, the statue was unveiled in 1924 by 100 cadets from the Virginia Military Institute who "paraded through the center of Charlottesville decorated with Confederate colors." The new statue was also reportedly greeted with loud cheers and a speech by then-president of "the University of Virginia Edwin Alderman and followed by parties and balls.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1997. The registration form from the Department of the Interior states that the sculpture "remains undisturbed in its original location. Charlottesville will undoubtedly keep it there, for the monument is a unique to the most eminent Confederate hero of all and an outstanding example of the outdoor sculpture of the late City Beautiful movement."
It is now doubtful — though still possible — that Charlottesville will "keep it there." In February, the city council voted 3-2 to sell the statue, ignoring the recommendation of a commission that suggested moving it.
A group called Virginia's Sons of Confederate Veterans sued the city, alleging it did not have the right to remove the statute since it was a war memorial. A related group, and others, filed a lawsuit in New Orleans to block the removal of a Gen. Lee statue as well as one of Jefferson Davis. A federal appeals court said that city could remove its Confederate monuments.
City Councilor Bob Fenwick, who cast a tie-breaking vote in Charlottesville in April (that vote allowed the city to sell the statue), hoped the city council's action would put to bed more than a year of heated debate in his city. "For now, it is now time for our city to rest," he said, according to the Richmond Times-Dispatch.
But that didn't happen. The movement against removal of the statue grew — there is a Facebook group to Save the Robert E. Lee Statue and call for donations to "fund litigation to preserve our monuments." The backlash to the planned removal culminated in a white nationalist rally last weekend, which used the planned removal as a rallying cause. It is important to note, however, that the group behind hte lawsuit, SVC, condemned the Charlottesville rallies. Chaplain-in-chief Ray Parker wrote on Facebook over the weekend: "I condemn in the strongest possible way the actions, words, and beliefs of the KKK and other white supremacist groups."
The statue has also been tagged with graffiti several times in the past few years, including with "black lives matter" and "native land."
In May, a judge granted a temporary injunction, which meant the statue could not be removed for next six months. So, for now, the statue is still standing in what used to be Lee Park. Only the city council also voted earlier this year to rename the park, an action that was upheld by a judge. Gen. Lee now, rather ironically, sits in Emancipation Park.
The post itself and all its responsibilities will be easy to leave, he said. Exiting a career in banking that spanned 47 years and amassed countless accomplishments won't be a problem.
Concerns about the future of a bank he helped build from the ground up and into which he poured his heart and soul? He has none, thanks to several careers he's had a big hand in developing. Nor does he worry about what he'll do with himself in retirement, with travel plans galore and faith that a new ministry is on the horizon.
But the many people he's seen every day for years, who've become his second family? That's what he'll miss, and they're the reason he knows he'll shed some tears before he leaves the main office Dec. 29.
“Back in January, I started counting down the days I had left at the bank, just as a fun thing to bring up and joke about with our employees,” Richerson said. “Now that the day is a lot closer, I've stopped checking that number every day. It takes on a whole new meaning when I think about how blessed I've been to spend time with so many great people, and I'm really going to miss being around them.”
Certainly counted among those friends is chief executive officer Randall Clemons, the person who recruited Richerson to Wilson Bank & Trust in 1989. At the time, Richerson worked for another Lebanon bank, and the two had become acquainted through church. It was at the Wilson County Fair that Clemons really took notice of a special work ethic; Richerson was there every night at the rival bank's booth, and Clemons was impressed enough to invite Richerson to move to Wilson Bank & Trust. So began a career at Wilson Bank & Trust that has lasted nearly 29 years and was marked by many other strong relationships.
Richerson was hired as a lender at the assistant vice president level when the bank was still in its infancy. He was promoted to head of the mortgage department that same year, then continued to move through the ranks, growing along with the bank.
In 1996, he became the bank's first executive vice president. A year later, Clemons took on the title of chairman, and Richerson moved into the president's role. As one of the two key figures atop the bank's leadership structure in the years since, Richerson's roles have long included oversight of all the bank's day-to-day operations and human resources, among other things.
He's also been the embodiment of commitment. Before the bank established much stability or longevity, Richerson was presented with an opportunity to return to his roots in Waynesboro with a job that offered a significant salary increase and a higher level of authority at a community bank there. But back home, in his mind, wasn't necessarily where he belonged. He believed the relationships he'd established at Wilson Bank & Trust made his friends and coworkers in Lebanon more like an extended family than he would find anywhere else.
“I could see the potential here, but the thought that we'd succeed as a bank wasn't a certainty at that point. In the end, I just valued all the relationships, our team and this environment too much to leave what we had going,” he said.
Prayer and pondering led him to stay.
The non-move was a big decision, as he had cut his teeth in banking in Waynesboro fresh out of high school and had made many memories there. The local community bank in Waynesboro had a tradition of giving a job to the senior class president each year after graduation, and in 1970, that individual happened to be Richerson. He took the temporary job, and effectively ended the tradition – not because things didn't work out, but because he found he liked the field enough to stay. His main responsibilities at first were filing checks, which required learning individual customers' signatures – checks weren't numbered in those days – and cleaning the restrooms. He grew into other roles during his seven years there, including bookkeeping, ledger posting, service as a teller and eventually lending. Richerson later worked as in investigator for the FDIC before moving to Lebanon in 1988.
Of course, banking has seen a lot of change in Richerson's career, and he believes most of the technological and regulatory advances that are prevalent these days are for the better. But in terms of a legacy, it's not the industry or even the bank's success he hoped he's impacted the most.
“I look at my time at the bank as a ministry, and if there's any type of legacy I'm leaving, I hope it's a spiritual one,” Richerson said. “No person or business is perfect, but I'm proud that we remain an organization that seeks to put God first.”
One of many ways his service impacted his bank family is through the Richerson Family Scholarship, established for children of employees beginning their college careers. Richerson said the program was one of the biggest blessings of his bank tenure. Through the initiative, which he began in 2012, two graduating seniors a year each received $1,000 to help with their education.
On a broader scale, the many employees he's mentored and supervised witnessed an effective, caring, even fatherly example of a servant living his faith each day. Thanks to the bank's continued growth, Richerson was grooming and preparing several members of the Wilson Bank & Trust management team to fill his various roles. His firm-but-fair approach, honesty and desire to make others feel appreciated are sure to stick with them throughout their careers. He believes he's leaving things in good hands.
“We have some great thinkers and leaders at Wilson Bank, bankers smarter than me that will grow and succeed. We also have a great succession plan that's working well. I'm excited about our future leadership and potential.”
Another remnant of Richerson's work, one far more tangible and easily visible, will also endure at Wilson Bank & Trust for a long time to come. The operations center nearing completion behind the main office is a project he envisioned for many years, and he looks forward to seeing the finished product. His calendar is circled to be part of the building's grand opening in April.
Between his end-of-year retirement and that date, Richerson has a major bucket list item to check off, including a month-long trip to visit all of Australia and New Zealand. Retirement will also allow time for some other travel opportunities, like flying out west and driving back, and taking Route 66 from Chicago to California.
Richerson's role with the bank won't disappear entirely – he will continue to serve on the board of directors, and of course has a vested interest in the bank's continued development.
“My prayer is that the bank will stay independent, and keep providing others with a return the way it has for me,” he said. “I'm thankful for all the relationships that have brought me such blessings. As God empties my cup of the banking business, I know he's ready to fill it with something else.”
A public reception for Richerson will be Dec. 15 from 3-5 p.m. at the main office at 623 W. Main St. in Lebanon.
FALMOUTH — The Falmouth Education Foundation will hold a community rummage sale on Saturday, May 13, 7:30 a.m.-noon, at the middle school gym.
Items for the sale can be dropped off any time between 8 a.m. and 6 p.m. on Friday, May 12; no electronics or car seats. Volunteers are also needed. Any one would like to help out should send an email to klarlee@maine.rr.com.
“Fake news would tell you that we don't care for Jews… One of our attorneys is a Jew. We have very close friends who are Jewish.”
Kayla Moore, wife of Alabama Senate candidate Roy Moore, accuses media of painting couple as anti-Semitic. pic.twitter.com/Vcczj6pNPv — NBC News (@NBCNews) December 12, 2017
Kayla Moore, the wife of controversial Republican Senate candidate Roy Moore, took to stage during an event on Election Eve and “set the record straight” on accusations of anti-Semitism against her husband, who is under fire over allegations of child molestation and pedophilia.
“Fake news would tell you that we don't care for Jews. But I'll tell you all this because I see you all, I just want to set the record straight while they're here: One of our attorneys is a Jew,” Kayla Moore told the supporters gathered in an “upscale barn” in rural southeast Alabama.
“We have very close friends that are Jewish,” she added, waving towards the back of the room where reporters were standing.
To be honest, her smug statement is even worse than the terrible “I have a black friend” excuse racist folks tend to use. In fact, it is right up there with sexual predators using “but I have a daughter” to defend themselves.
The anti-Semitism allegation against Roy Moore stemmed from his comments for Jewish liberal donor George Soros. Earlier this month, the Republican said Soros was “going to the same place that people who don't recognize God and morality and accept his salvation are going. And that's not a good place” – seemingly implying all Jews would go to hell.
His wife, however, did not stop at her “Jewish attorney” defense.
“Fake news would also have you think that my husband doesn't support the black community,” she continued. “Yet my husband appointed the very first black marshal to the Alabama Supreme Court. We have many friends that are black and we also fellowship with them in church and in our home.”
In September, the Alabama politician expressed nostalgia for good old racist days when it was legal for white people to torture African Americans, tear their families apart, prohibit them from marrying, lynch them publicly and commit mass genocide against them.
“I think it was great at the time when families were united — even though we had slavery — they cared for one another,” he reportedly an few African American person when they asked when he thought was the “last time” America was great.
Twitter users were quick to comment on Moore's statement.
Congrats to Roy and Kayla Moore on knowing a Jewish lawyer. Such a rare find. — Gary Legum (@GaryLegum) December 12, 2017
Don't worry, the Moores aren't antisemitic. Kayla Moore says they have a Jewish lawyer. — Kira Lerner (@kira_lerner) December 12, 2017
Kayla Moore: “We know a Jew.”
Jews: pic.twitter.com/DAA1JzDBSH — Zach Braff (@zachbraff) December 12, 2017
"I don't have anything against animals. I eat chicken." -- Kayla Moore https://t.co/mDLvLCUbnF — Simran Jeet Singh (@SikhProf) December 12, 2017
Kayla Moore: “we have a Jewish friend”
The rest of us: “oh really, what's his name”
Kayla: “..... Jewie Jewstein..?” — Travis Gaither (@travis_gaither) December 12, 2017
Kayla Moore (Roy Moore's wife):
“Fake news will tell you that we don't care for Jews. One of our attorneys is a Jew!” pic.twitter.com/tu6UNctUTS — Mikel Jollett (@Mikel_Jollett) December 12, 2017
Kayla, psst, Kayla: Though technically it's true that individually each one of us is “a Jew,” we typically prefer “Jewish.” “Jew” makes you sound just the tiniest bit anti-semiticky, TOTALLY BY ACCIDENT I'M SURE. — carla sosenko (@carlasosenko) December 12, 2017
Thumbnail / Banner : Reuters, Jonathan Bachman
Rebel Wilson has won her defamation trial v Bauer Media.
The jury returned unanimous verdicts in favour of the actress following a trial that stretched three weeks in Melbourne.
Wilson claimed the magazine publisher painted her as a serial liar in a series of articles, and that it had cost her jobs in Hollywood.
Damages will be assessed at a later date.
Global Organic Eggs Market: Overview
The global organic eggs market is poised for steadfast growth on the back of several favorable factors. As more people unearth the health and environmental benefits of organic food, commercial poultry and egg production has fall out of favor due to the heavy use of hormones, drugs, antibiotics, and practices of factory farming.
Eggs are qualified as organic if the poultry is fed organic feed, i.e., feed free of synthetic fertilizers, animal by-products, pesticides or other chemical additives. Organic egg production also requires genetically modified foods not to be fed to poultry. Organic eggs must come from poultry that are given antibiotics if only they have an infection.
In addition, organic egg production means that the laying chicken must have access to outdoors and cannot be raised in cages. Flock can have natural molting, induced molting is not allowed.
Request For Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=43865
Global Organic Eggs Market: Trends and Opportunities
Rising awareness about the ill-effects of chemical-laden food coupled with increasing consumption of natural and chemical-free food is stoking the demand for organic food generally. Organic farming involves cultivation of fruits and vegetables, dairy production, and rearing animals for meat and poultry that involves fewer pesticides and is better for the environment.
Organic eggs serve a host of health benefits that may be worth the extra cost. This is because they come from chickens that are fed 100 percent organic feed sans any agricultural chemical residues.
They are loaded with vitamins, essential amino acids, and minerals to maintain good health. In addition, eggs contain trace amount of zinc, vitamin E, vitamin D, vitamin K, calcium, and Vitamin B6.
Organic eggs contain a high amount of omega-3 fatty acids which is needed for heart health. Omega-3 fatty acids help manage triglycerides and helps lower cholesterol. Some other benefits of organic eggs are aid in weight management, promotes healthy skin, and are good on the eyes. Also, eggs help feed brain and liver functions. This is because eggs are rich in choline, macronutrient which is needed by the body to promote healthy liver function.
These attributes are boosting consumption of organic eggs to benefit the organic eggs market.
Global Organic Eggs Market: Geographical Outlook
Among the key regions for organic eggs, North America and Europe hold prominence mainly because of a large pool of health savvy consumers. Consumers in these regions spend large amount on organic foods that have fewer chemicals and pesticides. Prevalence of organic farming and practices of rearing animals organically for dairy and poultry in these regions account for their prominence in the organic eggs market. The widespread availability of prepared organic food due to presence of large number of food manufacturers involved in producing organic food make North America and Europe key regions for organic foods.
However, in the coming years, Asia Pacific is likely to emerge as an attractive market for organic eggs. Rising urbanization and surging spending capacity of individuals in emerging economies is stoking the demand for organic food in general in the region. This is having a positive impact on the organic eggs market in the region.
Obtain Report Details @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/organic-eggs-market.html
Global Organic Eggs Market: Competitive Outlook
Key companies operating in the global organic eggs market include Cal-Maine Foods Inc., Michael Foods Inc., LDC, Hickman's Egg Ranch, Trillium Farm Holdings LLC, Plukon Food Group, and Sisters Food Group among others.
NEW YORK (AP) — U.S. stocks are climbing Wednesday morning, recovering some of the ground they lost the day before, as investors hope Italy might be able to avoid a new round of elections. Banks are rising along with bond yields after outsize losses a day ago. Big dividend payers are lagging the market, also a reversal from the previous day. European indexes are higher and the euro is rising compared to the dollar.
KEEPING SCORE: The S&P 500 index gained 13 points, or 0.5 percent, to 2,703 as of 10 a.m. Eastern time. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 115 points, or 0.5 percent, to 24,477. The Nasdaq composite added 32 points, or 0.4 percent, to 7,428. The Russell 2000 index leaped 17 points, or 1.1 percent, to 1,640, which put the index on pace for another record close. The Russell fare far better than the rest of the market on Tuesday.
ITALY IN FOCUS: Stocks in the U.S. and Europe sank Tuesday as investors worried that Italy would have new elections in a few months and that the vote would become a referendum on whether Italy, the third-largest economy in Europe, would stay in the euro. On Wednesday, premier-designate Carlo Cottarelli said there were "new possibilities" to form a government.
Italy's FTSE MIB stock index climbed 1.8 percent after a 2.7 percent drop a day earlier. Prices for Italian government bonds also rose, sending yields down following a huge surge the day before.
Advertisement
EUROPE: The euro rose to $1.1627 from $1.1531 a day earlier, which was its lowest level in almost a year. The dollar rose to 108.88 yen from 108.24 yen.
Germany's DAX climbed 0.7 percent while the FTSE 100 index in Britain rose 0.3 percent. The CAC 40 in France lost 0.3 percent.
EARNINGS: Wall Street continued to pore over quarterly results from retailers. Dick's Sporting Goods soared 19 percent to $36.26 after it raised its annual profit forecast. Its first-quarter report was better than expected thanks in part to strong online sales. Printer and PC maker HP also raised its profit projections after its earnings and sales surpassed analyst estimates. HP climbed 2.4 percent to $21.81. Watchmaker Movado Group rallied 17.7 percent to $49.68.
Clothing company Chico's FAS plunged 23 percent to $7.69 after its profit fell short of expectations and shoe retailer DSW gave up some of its gains from earlier in the year as it lost 10.4 percent to $23.35. Luxury retailer Michael Kors dropped 11.2 percent to $60.59.
BONDS: Bond prices fell. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.83 percent from 2.79 percent.
ENERGY: Energy companies rose as U.S. crude oil climbed 0.7 percent to $67.22 per barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, added 1.3 percent to $76.47 a barrel in London.
SURVEY SAYS: A survey by payroll processor ADP said private U.S. businesses added 178,000 jobs in May. That's a solid number even though it's not as many jobs as they added over the winter.
ASIA: Japan's Nikkei 225 stock index dropped 1.5 percent and the Kospi of South Korea dropped 2. The Hang Seng in Hong Kong slipped 1.4 percent.
____
AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP . His work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/marley%20jay
The Sri Lankan president said Saturday that the security situation had sufficiently improved in the central district of Kandy, 115 kilometers (72 miles) northeast of the capital Colombo.
"Upon assessing the public safety situation, I instructed to revoke the State of Emergency from midnight yesterday," Maithripala Sirisena wrote on Twitter.
Sirisena declared a state of emergency on March 6 to quell anti-Muslim violence, in which three people were killed and hundreds of shops were vandalized.
It was the first time the country declared a state of emergency since the end of decades-long Tamil separatist war in 2009.
Communal violence broke out in Kandy after a Sinhalese man, who had been attacked by a Muslim mob, died in hospital.
In response, rioters attacked several Muslim homes, shops and mosques in the area.
After police were unable to rein in the spread of violence, President Sirisena declared a state of emergency, giving security forces sweeping powers to arrest suspects.
Over 300 people have been taken into custody since the March 6 riots.
'The Sri Lankan government [President Sirisena pictured] has done very little to address mistrust between Buddhists and Muslims,' says ICG analyst Alan Keenan
Rising anti-Muslim sentiment
In the past few years, communal tensions have flared in Sri Lanka, a majority of Buddhist country. Some 75 percent of the country's 21 million strong population are Sinhalese Buddhists, whereas around 10 percent are Muslim.
Hardline Buddhist groups accuse Muslims of attacking their religious sites and forcing Sinhalese people to convert to Islam.
The influx of Rohingya Muslim refugees from neighboring Myanmar has also added to the Buddhist resentment of Muslims in Sri Lanka.
"Criticisms of Muslims as gaining greater economic power through unfair means have particular resonance with Sinhalese facing economic difficulties, as the government struggles to control the cost of living and provide sustainable livelihoods, especially in rural areas and small towns," Alan Keenan, Sri Lanka analyst at the International Crisis Group, told DW.
While the South Asian country's parliament issued an apology to Muslims after the riots, Keenan believes Colombo has "done very little to address either the underlying mistrust or misunderstandings between the two communities, or to rein in the small number of Buddhists who promote or use violence."
"While the state of emergency appears to have helped reduce the violence, attacks have continued," Keenan continued. "The government needs to adopt a three-pronged strategy, beginning with enforcing the law, including against hate speech, and arresting and prosecuting offenders."
Starling Bank, a fintech start-up founded and led by former AIB chief operating officer Anne Boden, is reportedly in the process of raising £80 million (€91 million) from investors.
If confirmed, the latest financing would bring total fundraising for the digital banking challenger to about €140.5 million.
Starling, which like many of its fintech competitors has secured its banking passport to enable it to operate across Europe, is planning to launch services in Ireland this year.
The UK-based mobile-only challenger bank's key rivals include Revolut, N26 and Monzo, as well as more traditional financial institutions.
A number of media reports on Wednesday indicated that Starling is in the early stages of the funding round. as it looks to expand the business.
A banking veteran, Ms Boden was a senior member of AIB's management team between 2012 and 2013, before leaving to set up Starling in 2014.
Ms Boden told The Irish Times last year she left the Irish banking sector and established Starling because it was easier to set up a new bank in the UK than to “fix a broken system”.
Starling, which enables customers to open online current account in minutes, became a direct member of the single euro payments area (SEPA) in December.
That move allows Starling customers to make cross-border money transfers, and builds on the company's existing direct participation of the Target 2 payment system, providing the fintech with access to real-time settlement information and control features.
Starling's primary backer to-date has been hedge fund manager Harald McPike, the founder of Bahamas-based quantitative investment manager QuantRes.
GIF
Today on Highlight Reel we have tons of Monster Hunter: World clips, close shaves, Dragon Ball FighterZ moments, and much more!
Watch the video then talk about your favorite highlight in the comments below. Be sure to check out, like, and share the original videos via the links below. Subscribe to Kotaku on YouTube for more! Catch up on all the episodes on the Highlight Reel Youtube playlist!
Advertisement
Highlight Reel is Kotaku's regular roundup of great plays, stunts, records and other great moments from around the gaming world. If you record an amazing feat while playing a game (here's how to record a clip), send it to us with a message confirming that the clip is yours at highlightreel@kotaku.com. Or, if you see a great clip around that isn't yours, encourage that person to send it in!
Market Highlights:
The segmentation on the basis of hardware includes sensors, RFID tags and others. The RFID tags are used in shops and brand stores to prevent unwanted stealing of clothes or other accessories. Sensors are used in most of the retail shops owing to numerous benefit of that includes low cost, effective motion sensing, low power consumption, long life spam and fast response time is boosting the market of sensors in proximity marketing. The most important property of sensor is it resistant to high temperature and in chemically reactive element is fuelling the growth of sensors in Proximity Marketing Market.
Growing market of e-commerce sector and rise in digitization is boosting the proximity marketing. By hardware segment, sensors and RFID tags is witnessing the highest market share. According to the study, rising demand for technologically driven retail stores is fueling the proximity marketing. The Proximity Marketing Market is expected to gain considerable market share in BLE beacon and GPS geo-fencing. Geo-fencing marketing and sales channels provide customers with an interactive and highly personalized experience that boost the sales of online shopping is one of the prime factors driving market growth. According to the study, advanced used of location based marketing in retail sector is fueling the market. The emerging technology such as cloud computing, IOT and analytical tools is fuelling the proximity marketing.
According to Market Research Future Analysis, proximity marketing market has been valued at approximately USD 52 Billion by the end of forecast period with approx. 28% of CAGR during forecast period 2017 to 2023.
Request a Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/3909
Major Key Players:
Apple Inc. (U.S.)
Google Inc. (U.S.)
Microsoft Corporation (U.S.)
Qualcomm Inc. (U.S.)
Zebra Technologies Corporation (U.S)
Bluvision Inc. (U.S.)
Estimote Inc. (U.S.)
inMarket Media LLC (Italy)
Proxama PLC (U.K.)
ROXIMITY (U.S.)
Regional Analysis:
The regional analysis of proximity marketing market is being studied for region such as Asia Pacific, North America, Europe and Rest of the World. North America is one of the leading player in the proximity marketing owing to major presence of major market players in the region followed by Europe.
North America region is leading owing to advanced technology implementation and adoption of cutting-edge technology in advertisement sector. Asia-Pacific region is the fastest growing region in the proximity marketing owing to increased investment by developing countries in the region.
Proximity Marketing Market Segmentation:
The proximity marketing market has been segmented on the basis of region that includes North America, Asia-Pacific, Europe and Rest of the World. In North America region, retail sector is witnessing considerable market share owing to adoption of proximity marketing in upscale stores and shopping malls.
BLE beacon tools are used in some retail stores to prevent unwanted stealing of clothes and accessories and. Most of the retail stores in the region are using GPS geo-fencing application to increase customers in the store that is one of the significant factor driving market growth in the region.
Proximity Marketing Market (MRFR) Research Analysis:
By software segment, proximity marketing market is segmented into content management system. Enterprises are using content management system to enhance business by increasing customers and facilitate with multiple user platform. It improves the business website by providing easy option for site change and enable users by providing numerous design change options.
It also enhances business marketing plan by offering tools through which businesses can have quick response from customers and seamless page management. It offers integrated workflow management platform by reviewing and approving content. If the user want to change the content of website, by using content management system they just need to change it once for it to be updated throughout the site.
Market Research Analysis:
The proximity marketing market in North America region is growing due to high adoption of proximity marketing tools in retail and healthcare sector. The invention of proximity marketing is gaining popularity among youths due to busy work schedule and changing lifestyle is driving the market in the region. According to the study, Europe region is one of the prominent player in proximity marketing market due to emergence of e-commerce industries from the region.
Asia-Pacific market is estimated to be one of the fastest growing market as government is continuously investing into research and development of proximity marketing. Increasing IT landscape is boosting the market in the region. Developing countries such as India and China are adopting proximity marketing at a large scale owing to increasing IT infrastructure, robust industrialization that is boosting the market in the region. By software segment content management system and location analytics is driving the proximity marketing.
Browse Full Report Details @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/proximity-marketing-market-3909
Intended Audience:
Investors and consultants
System Integrators
Government Organizations
Research/Consultancy firms
Technology solution providers
IT Solution Providers
Table of Contents
1 Market Introduction
1.1 Introduction
1.2 Scope of Study
1.2.1 Research Objective
1.2.2 Assumptions
1.2.3 Limitations
1.3 Market Structure
Continued….
List of Tables
Table 1 Proximity Marketing Market, By Component
Table 2 Proximity Marketing Market, By Technology
Continued….
List of Figures
Figure 1 Research Type
Figure 2 Proximity Marketing Market: By Component (%)
Continued….
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions.
Contact:
Market Research Future
Office No. 524/528, Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
FLAGSTAFF, Ariz. (AP) — Uber suspended all of its self-driving testing Monday after what is believed to be the first fatal pedestrian crash involving the vehicles.
The testing has been going on for months in the Phoenix area, Pittsburgh, San Francisco and Toronto as automakers and technology companies compete to be the first with the technology.
Uber's testing was halted after police in a Phoenix suburb said one of its self-driving vehicles struck and killed a pedestrian overnight Sunday. The vehicle was in autonomous mode with an operator behind the wheel when a woman walking outside of a crosswalk was hit, Tempe police Sgt. Ronald Elcock said.
The woman, whose name hasn't been released, died of her injuries at a hospital.
Advertisement
Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi expressed condolences on his Twitter account and said the company is working with local law enforcement on the investigation.
The federal government has voluntary guidelines for companies that want to test autonomous vehicles, leaving much of the regulation up to states.
The U.S. Department of Transportation is considering other voluntary guidelines that it says will help foster innovation. But Transportation Secretary Elaine Chaos also has said technology and automobile companies need to allay public fears of self-driving vehicles, citing a poll showing that 78 percent of people fear riding in autonomous vehicles
The number of states considering legislation related to autonomous vehicles gradually has increased each year, according to the National Conference of State Legislatures. In 2017 alone, 33 states introduced legislation.
California is among those that require manufacturers to report any incidents to the motor vehicle department during the autonomous vehicle testing phase. As of early March, the agency received 59 such reports.
Complaint alleges negligence by the accused driver, two family members and a taxi company and driver
The family of a young Santa Barbara man who was struck and killed in a hit-and-run accident on Highway 101 earlier this year has filed a lawsuit for negligence and wrongful death against the cab company driving him home from a bar that evening.
Simon Chavez, 22, a former Santa Barbara High School baseball coach, was found just after 1 a.m. Jan. 15 on the southbound freeway lanes near the Ortega Street footbridge.
Several witnesses reported that Chavez had been staggering in traffic before he was struck, according to testimony from February in Santa Barbara County Superior Court.
The Coroner's Office later released toxicology results that showed Chavez had a blood alcohol concentration of .256, more than three times the point at which a driver would be considered drunk.
California Highway Patrol officers tracked pieces of the white 2011 Hyundai Tucson, including the driver-side mirror, to Murrieta man Lau Van Huynh, who was driving the vehicle and did not stop after striking the young man.
He pleaded guilty to felony hit-and-run and hit-and-run with fatal injuries in March.
He was sentenced to three years of probation on the condition that he serve one year in the Santa Barbara County Jail and must pay more than $20,000 in restitution to Chavez's family.
Now, Chavez's mother, Ana Quintanar, has filed a suit against Huynh, two of his family members, a cab company and driver, seeking unspecified damages.
Quintanar is being represented by the law firm of Cappello & Noël, which is asking for a jury trial.
According to a complaint filed May 14 in Santa Barbara Superior Court, Lau Van Huynh, Viet Huynh, David Huynh, Thomas Rhyne, Joshua Klein and Absolute Cab LLC, are all listed on the lawsuit as defendants.
David and Viet Huynh are listed in the suit as owners of the vehicle, Klein is listed as the owner and operator of the taxi company, and Rhyne is listed as the taxi driver the night that Chavez died.
The complaint describes the hours leading up to Chavez's death, and begins by stating that Chavez met up with a group of friends at the Uptown Lounge on State Street, where he became intoxicated. Just after midnight, the bartender called Absolute Cab, and Rhyne arrived to pick Chavez up at 12:30 a.m.
A friend of Chavez's paid Rhyne $20 to take him to his Cota Street home, and Rhyne acknowledged that the amount would be enough for the trip.
“By doing so, Rhyne, as an agent for Absolute Cab, assumed a duty to safely transport Chavez to his final destination,” the complaint states.
As Rhyne approached the Carrillo and De la Vina street intersection, Chavez reportedly asked how to open the car door, indicating that he was going to be sick. Rhyne came to a stop at the intersection's red light and unlocked the door, and Chavez exited the vehicle into De la Vina Street.
Chavez walked across the street to the west, and “Rhyne observed him stumble backward after stepping up onto the curb and to continue to walk to the north side of Carrillo Street.”
The complaint states that Rhyne could see Chavez during the entire time the cab was stopped. After turning his hazard lights on to wait for Chavez, Rhyne moved the vehicle to a parking lot on the south side of Carrillo, the complaint states.
“Although, Rhyne continued to observe Chavez, he had no reason to believe that Chavez could see him,” the complaint states.
Chavez began walking west, away from the cab, and “was attempting to locate Rhyne” but was not able to. Instead, Rhyne left the area, the complaint states, and never contacted Chavez or called 9-1-1 for help.
Rhyne did return to the Uptown Lounge later to inform Chavez's friend about what had occurred, “but he did not do so in a timely fashion so that immediate assistance could be rendered to Chavez.”
The complaint states that Chavez walked west on Carrillo and turned left onto the southbound ramp, where he was struck by Van Huynh on the highway.
Attorney Rob Bergsten, who is representing Absolute Cab, said his client acted appropriately.
In an email statement to Noozhawk on Tuesday, Bergsten said Chavez asked to leave the cab to vomit because of his prior drinking, and decided that he wouldn't get back in.
“At that point, Mr. Chavez was safely standing on a public sidewalk on the safe streets of downtown Santa Barbara,” Bergsten said, adding that legally, “my client could not force Mr. Chavez back into his cab. To do so would actually be illegal, and some attorney could then subsequently sue my client for false imprisonment.”
Bergsten said Chavez “put many passing motorists at risk of serious injury or death” by walking on the highway.
“Now, his mother is suing my client for her son's own terrible decisions,” he wrote. “It is sad that Mr. Chavez was killed, and anyone would be sympathetic to his mother, but my client is not legally responsible for his death.”
— Noozhawk staff writer Lara Cooper can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Toto Wolff
The 2018 Formula One season is set to be a celebration of everything we love about motor racing. Three teams are fighting fiercely for race wins. We've witnessed exciting races with nail-biting overtakes. The fastest F1 cars in history, driven by some of the best drivers this sport has seen. So far, this year has all the ingredients for one of those legendary F1 seasons – a season that fans will look back on with smiles on their faces in years to come.
And it's not just the fans at home or at the race track who are excited – we feel the same. And we know that we have a massive challenge on our hands. Last year, we were in a tough fight with Ferrari. However, it was nothing compared to the intensity of this year's battle. Both Red Bull and Ferrari will do everything they can to beat us. Their cars, their teams, their drivers – all of them operate at a high level and will continue to put us under pressure. Not everyone likes this kind of challenge – but we love it. Each member of our team joined this sport for these moments. We' re all together in an amazing battle in which every detail counts and with an outcome no-one can predict.
We're going into the race weekend in Baku feeling excited about that unpredictability. It will be the first time the Azerbaijan Grand Prix takes place in April, with completely different conditions to the previous years when we went to the Caspian Sea in June. This is a demanding circuit where the drivers need confidence in the car to find the right rhythm - and you want to hit the ground running on Friday morning. Last year's race threw up a podium that nobody could have predicted and, as is the way with street courses, we can once again expect the unexpected.
PETOSKEY, Mich. (AP) — A northern Michigan woman has been sentenced up to 22½ years in prison for suffocating her infant daughter, her second criminal case in the death of a child.
The Petoskey News-Review reports 32-year-old Lisa Rae Bryan learned her punishment on Tuesday in Emmet County Circuit Court.
Bryan last month pleaded guilty to involuntary manslaughter. She was charged with second-degree murder in the 2016 death of her daughter, Isabella.
Bryan admitted that she was sleeping with Isabella close to her chest when the child died just weeks after birth.
Advertisement
In 2010, another infant died in Tulsa, Oklahoma, while Bryan was taking a bath with her. She served slightly more than a year in prison for second-degree manslaughter.
___
Information from: Petoskey News-Review, http://www.petoskeynews.com
HITTING BACK Federal Opposition Leader Bill Shorten says pensioners will be better off under Labor.
HITTING BACK Federal Opposition Leader Bill Shorten says pensioners will be better off under Labor. Andrew Taylor
OPPOSITION leader Bill Shorten has moved to reassure Bundaberg's huge population of pensioners they won't be hurt by a Labor government.
His comments come as Hinkler MP Keith Pitt warns more than 1800 pensioners and 7100 Hinkler taxpayers will lose the tax refunds of their franking credits under Mr Shorten's proposed changes to tax policy.
"Locally an average refund of $1500 is money that could pay a rates bill, power bill or an insurance bill,” Mr Pitt said.
More than half the people hit by Labor's new tax plan are over the age of 65 and could lose the equivalent of their annual electricity bills, according to a government analysis that seeks to blame Mr Shorten for slugging older Australians.
DISCONNECTED: Beris Woodrow has lived in Bundy all her life. Like many she feels the current political scene is failing to deliver for many pensioners. "I'm disgusted with it all,” Beris said. "Every time I pick up the paper someone is spruiking about something and nothing seems to happen. I was born on a farm and believe when you do something, you do it right.” Adam Wratten
The government will take the message to voters in regional electorates this week in a bid to intensify pressure on the Labor leader over his proposed policy, which would raise $5.6 billion a year from 1.1 million taxpayers.
But, Mr Shorten has promised the more than 16,000 aged pensioners in Bundaberg, Labor would always look after them.
Addressing NewsMail readers directly, he said a raft of ALP policies would address living cost pressures.
"I know the aged pension is not a king's ransom, it's a modest sum,” Mr Shorten said.
"That's why Labor has a strong set of policies to help pensioners with their living costs. Pensioners will always get a better deal under Labor.
"We're going to make it cheaper to see the doctor or a specialist, by abolishing the Medicare freeze. "We're going to help with rising electricity bills, by keeping the energy supplement for pensioners.
"And - unlike the LNP - we're not going to increase the pension age to 70. We believe Australia should have the world's best retirement savings system, not the world's oldest retirement age.”
He accused the LNP of making "wild claims” about Labor's plans to close an obscure tax loophole that "92 per cent of taxpayers doesn't use and have probably never heard of”.
"Under Labor's plan, no Australian will lose a cent from their super contributions, no one will lose a cent from their pension and no one will lose a cent from their share dividends,” Mr Shorten said.
"I understand some people who pay no tax and have millions in super and shares will wish they were still getting a cash bonus from the tax office each year. But if we leave this loophole open, pretty soon it's going to be costing Australia $8 billion a year.”
However, Mr Pitt warned pensioners they would be worse off from "Labor's tax grab”.
WARNING: Hinkler MP Keith Pitt says the change is a "tax grab”. LUKAS COCH
"Bill Shorten wants to have your cake and eat it too,” Mr Pitt said.
"He claims no one will lose a cent from their share dividends, yet more than 1800 pensioners and more than 7100 taxpayers in Hinkler will lose their tax refunds of their franking credits under Labor's tax grab,” he said.
"Locally an average refund of $1500 is money that could pay a rates bill, power bill or an insurance bill.
"If you've worked hard all your life, saved and paid taxes your entire life, Labor wants to take more from you. If you're a pensioner who's managed to put a little bit of money away, they want that to.”
He said More than half of all refunded franking credits were paid to individuals who earned less than the $18,200 tax free threshold - including pensioners and self-funded retirees.
"And 97% of people who receive franking credit refunds have a taxable income below $87,000,” Mr Pitt said.
"Make no mistake, Labor's tax grab will leave pensioners and retirees worse off.”
Liverpool 5 AS Roma 2
Of all the mesmerising nights Liverpool have experienced under Anfield's floodlights in European competition, where does this one stand? Up there, surely, with Saint-Étienne in 1977, the take-a-bow goal from Steven Gerrard against Olympiakos in 2005 and the fightback against Borussia Dortmund in 2016. Liverpool have put themselves in command and, barring an almost implausible feat of escapology, can start looking forward to the final in Ukraine on May 26th.
The only possibly note of caution could be that Roma has already overcome a 4-1 first-leg deficit in the Stadio Olimpico against Barcelona in the quarter-finals. On that basis, Jürgen Klopp will be dismayed by his team's carelessness when they had a 5-0 lead. Perhaps the manager made a mistake of his own by withdrawing Mohamed Salah, who had scored two and set up another couple. Roma promptly scored twice and, somehow, Liverpool managed to combined scoring five times with a nervous climax to an extraordinary night.
Ultimately, though, it was another triumphant night for Klopp's men and they will go into the return leg in a position of considerable strength. True, it might not have been the position they anticipated when they led by five goals and were threatening to add even more. But what does it say that they could win so thrillingly and still end up looking a shade disappointed at the final whistle?
When Manchester City came here in the quarter-finals Liverpool inflicted the damage with a blitz of three goals before half-time. This time, Klopp's men restricted themselves to Salah's double and for almost half an hour Roma created the illusion that they might actually be more streetwise opponents than Pep Guardiola's team – not so easy on the eye, but a different kind of challenge, quick to the ball and strong in the tackle.
Roberto Firminio scores Liverpool's fourth against AS Roma. Photograph: Phil Noble/Reuters
That, however, turned out to be a deception and it was a remarkable spell from Liverpool once they found their rhythm, attacking from every angle, with Salah at the hub of everything. That was the period when the Egyptian scored his 42nd and 43rd goals of the season but Liverpool, if anything, might have felt aggrieved not to have added more. Sadio Mané squandered two golden chances in quick succession before Salah curled in a beauty to open the scoring. At 1-0, Dejan Lovren headed a corner against the crossbar. Liverpool, once again, were looking for a quick kill and the volume was turned to its highest.
Those were the moments when we were reminded why Roma have won only one of their last 14 Champions League excursions and not kept a clean sheet in 26 away games in this competition. There is only Celtic, with 30, who have gone longer and Liverpool are merciless when they sense weakness in the opposition defence. Mané's finishing might have been erratic but he quickly realised he had the beating of Federico Fazio, formerly a Tottenham Hotspur reserve. Roberto Firmino rarely disappoints on the big occasions and then, of course, there was the little guy holding up his palms in front of the away end to apologise for his goals.
Salah scored 34 times in 83 appearances for Roma but his performance here was another reminder that he is now playing at a different level. His first goal was a peach but the second one was not too shabby either. Firmino slipped the pass through the middle and once Salah reached the ball first there was a sense of inevitability about what would happen next. He took a touch to steady himself, then lifted the ball over Alisson as if it was the easiest thing in the world.
One downside for Liverpool came in the form of the injury suffered by Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain when he slid in to challenge Aleksandar Kolarov in the first half. His knee took the impact and it was obvious straight away that the midfielder was in a lot of distress. He was taken off on a stretcher and his chances of being involved in Rome look minimal. Indeed, Oxlade-Chamberlain seemed so badly hurt there have to be concerns it might be a more serious lay-off for the England international. Oxlade-Chamberlain has a World Cup starting in two months and, almost certainly, a Champions League final he will not want to miss.
AS Roma's Diego Perotti scores his side's second goal. Photograph: Peter Byrne/PA
Klopp, of course, will not be so presumptuous but Roma disintegrated once Liverpool, to use one of the manager's sayings, started to play “pressing from another planet”. In those moments it was easy to pity Eusebio Di Francesco's side. They were taking an almighty chasing, outclassed in every department, and one of the more alluring traits of this Liverpool side is that when they are in a winning position they always go looking for more goals. Another team might have prioritised a clean sheet in the second half. Liverpool, on the other hand, sensed a rout.
Mané added the third goal in the 56th minute from one of Salah's expertly placed centres and Firmino made it 4-0 six minutes later from a similar position. Again, it was Salah who set it up, eluding the nearest defender Juan Jesus before picking out his team-mate to turn the ball in from close range.
When Firmino headed in James Milner's corner for the fifth goal it needed a few moments to take in the fact Salah had not been involved. But then Liverpool's chief tormentor was withdrawn and Roma suddenly found some momentum. Edin Dzeko pulled the first back after Lovren missed a header and the substitute Diego Perotti added another four minutes later from the penalty spot after Milner's handball. Liverpool, incredibly, were hanging on by the end – but surely the eighth final in the club's history awaits.
(Guardian service)
Missing 1-year-old has been found alive and unharmed
Update: From the North Augusta Public Information Officer, the 1-year-old missing child has been found unharmed. Harvey Nichols has been arrested and is in custody.
Stay tuned as more information will be forthcoming.
______________________________________________________________________________________________________
North Augusta Missing Child Alert
North Augusta Public Safety requests your assistance in locating a 1-year-old missing child, Zelayah Monae Wright.
She was last seen with Harvey Lee Nichols, wanted for kidnapping, last seen driving a 2004 White Honda Pilot with GA license plate RHC5189.
Wright has a skin graph scar on her right hand and left thigh and was last seen wearing a gray shirt with a purple smiley face and mickey mouse shorts with hearts.
If anyone has information on Zelayah Wright's or Harvey Nichols' whereabouts, please contact the North Augusta Public Safety at (803) 279-2121.
Copyright 2018 WFXG. All rights reserved.
Let us entertain you! We use cookies to ensure we can continue to deliver a personalised service, just for you. This is why we and our trusted Commerce Partners use 'cookies' to remember and store information about how you use our site.
If you would like to find out more, please read our updated Cookies Policy. You can also find more information in our updated Privacy Policy.
Sarah And Vinnie's Full Show Podcast: 4.17.2017
Today on Sarah and Vinnie's Full Show Podcast:
6-7am –Previously on ‘Survivor', Tyrese apologizes for misogynistic comments about women, the Golden State Warriors win game one, and a few fast facts!
Click Here to download. (Right click on PC, Control key and click on Mac.)
7-8am –Prince Harry talks mental health struggle, ‘total chaos' after Princess Diana's death, the Golden Gate bridge net, and a revenge scheme done with Grindr!
Click Here to download. (Right click on PC, Control key and click on Mac.)
8-9am –Melissa Etheridge reveals she gets high with her kids and says it brings her family together, a new musical based on ‘Friends' is set to debut in New York City later, how the movies did in the box office, posting an actual murder video on Facebook, and the asscrack zipper pants!
Click Here to download. (Right click on PC, Control key and click on Mac.)
9-10am – Vinnie reads your contributions via text, and find out who wins the Battle Royale!!!
Click Here to download. (Right click on PC, Control key and click on Mac.)
Rate and Comment on our Podcast in iTunes!
It may be getting brighter in the evenings, but winter is by no means over yet.
The east coast may be hit by sleet and snow this week as temperatures plunge from Sunday night.
Forecasters at Met Éireann said temperatures would dip as low as minus three degrees Celsius on Sunday night leading to frost and ice.
On Monday temperatures will struggle to rise above freezing with the highest temperatures of just two to five degrees Celisus.
“Towards evening, rain will develop along the western seaboard. The rain will then extend eastwards to all areas overnight, turning to sleet and snow in parts of Ulster and Leinster, ” Met Éireann said in its latest forecast.
On Tuesday patchy rain, sleet and snow will clear from the east coast in the morning leave a cold, bright day with sunny spells and wintry showers.
The cold weather will continue on Tuesday night and on Wednesday with frost at night and a risk of wintry showers.
The forecaster said current indications suggested a spell of rain would develop in western and northwestern areas by Wednesday evening, extending nationwide overnight, possibly preceded by sleet or snow in eastern counties.
Although the outlook after this is less clear “it looks set to remain cold and showery with a mix of rain, sleet and snow at times on Thursday and Friday. Frost is expected by night with the risk of ice,” the forecaster added.
People walk by a Wells Fargo bank branch on Oct. 13, 2017, in New York City.
The Federal Reserve said Friday it is restricting Wells Fargo's size in response to "widespread consumer abuses."
As a result, Wells Fargo plans to replace three directors by April and a fourth by the end of the year, CNBC reported.
Shares of the bank fell more than 2 percent in after-hours trading.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
TALLAHASSEE (CBSMiami/NSF) – It's a group of people that put their lives on the line for the betterment of U.S. citizens.
They are veterans of the United States armed forces.
A small group of military veterans and re-enactors contended Monday some lawmakers appear “anti-veteran” for not moving forward with a measure that would make it a third-degree felony for defacing a statue or memorial of a “hero.”
But the proposal, which has cleared House committees, has brushed against a priority of Senate President Joe Negron aimed at keeping young offenders out of the criminal-justice system.
Addressing reporters at the Florida Press Center, members of the group called “Save the Honor” implored Senate leaders to start advancing a bill (SB 418) titled the “Soldiers' and Heroes' Monuments and Memorials Protection Act.”
Seber Newsome, a veteran from Yulee, said the state has stiffer punishments for vandalizing a public phone booth than charges that can be imposed for defacing a memorial for a veteran or first responder.
“Florida has the third largest veterans' population in the nation, but memorials for her veterans are currently under attack,” Newsome said. “They're being used as either free billboards for propaganda, or canvases for public art.”
The bill filed by Sen. Greg Steube, R-Sarasota, has failed to get heard by the Senate Criminal Justice Committee, its first scheduled stop, as the regular 60-day legislative session enters its final three weeks.
Committee Chairman Randolph Bracy, D-Orlando, rejected the contention he's anti-veteran. Instead, he said he has an aversion to creating new penalties, particularly a proposal that would make vandalism a felony.
“It wasn't necessarily directed towards this particular bill,” Bracy said. “That's kind of been an overall policy position of mine.”
The measure would impose a felony charge for defacing or damaging a memorial, grave or tomb that represents a Continental soldier or member of the U.S. military, a NASA astronaut or a first responder.
Bracy said he didn't get any direction from Negron, R-Stuart, on the heroes' proposal.
But the proposal comes as Senate leaders back a measure (SB 196) that seeks to expand the use of civil citations and similar diversion programs for young offenders as an alternative to arresting them. The effort seeks to help minors avoid being marked for the rest of their lives for what Negron has called youthful “mischief.”
James Shillinglaw, a member of the Sons of Confederate Veterans from Jacksonville, said community service punishments, such as cleaning memorials, mowing graveyards or meeting with veterans may help to educate juvenile offenders.
“I think that would be more of a message than slapping them on the hand and putting them in jail where they come out more criminals,” Shillinglaw said. “We need to educate them so they don't do it again. … But if you're over 18, they would throw the book at you.”
A similar “heroes” measure in the House (HB 529), filed by Rep. Brad Drake, R-Eucheeanna, awaits a hearing on the House floor after marching through three committees stops without drawing a single vote in opposition.
Steube's proposal goes a little further than the House proposal, as it would apply to defacing or damaging a range of items including paintings, stained glass, plaques, nameplates, historical markers, historical flag displays, fountains and religious symbols.
The News Service of Florida's Jim Turner contributed to this report.
(©2017 CBS Local Media, a division of CBS Radio Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. The News Service of Florida contributed to this report.)
PARIS (AP) — French police say an 8-year-old girl was killed and at least five people were injured when a driver slammed his car into the sidewalk cafe of a pizza restaurant in a small town east of Paris.
An official with the national gendarme service said the driver was arrested soon after the incident Monday night in the town of Sept-Sorts.
France's Interior Ministry says the man was apparently suicidal and the incident is not believed to be linked to terrorism.
Ministry spokesman Pierre-Henry Brandet said on BFM television that the man was believed to have tried to commit suicide last week.
An Algerian man drove his car into a group of French soldiers last week, and a truck attack in the French city of Nice left 86 people dead a little more than a year ago. Several other countries have seen cars used as weapons in recent years.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Santa Barbara city planners say the installation of permeable pavers will provide a 'natural method' for trapping and treating the water
Urban stormwater runoff is the single largest source of surface water pollution in Santa Barbara, according to city planners, and upgrades under way on MacKenzie Park's parking lot aim to deal with that problem.
A passive treatment system for the runoff is being built and is expected to be completed by the end of October, said Cameron Benson, a restoration and water quality manager for the Santa Barbara Creeks Division.
Runoff from parking lots often contains pollutants such as hydrocarbons, sediments, metals, nutrients and bacteria.
“This is a way to capture and treat that water,” Benson said.
The city has been installing permeable pavers in the lot, which will allow water to pass through them into a subsurface gravel layer that doubles as a storage and infiltration area and a structural base layer. Water then will be allowed to soak back into the soil, just as it did before the development was built.
There's no energy cost involved to treat the water, either.
“It's a tacit natural treatment method,” Benson said.
The project is designed to capture and treat the volume of stormwater generated from a 1-inch, 24-hour storm event.
The project is estimated to cost $524,000, and is coming from the Creeks Division Capital Fund.
All trees in the park will be unaffected by the project, and parking in the lot off Las Positas Road will increase to 75 spaces from 69, Benson said. The city's Facilities Division is also working on the project to put in asphalt, while the Creeks Division has put in the permeable pavers.
If the project works as well as planned, Benson said, it could be replicated in other parking lots that need to be retrofitted.
— Noozhawk staff writer Lara Cooper can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Grover Beach police arrest teen for stealing phones and computers
June 14, 2017
A 16-year-old Oceano boy broke into a Grover Beach family's home Monday night or early Tuesday morning and stole valuable electronic items, according to the Grover Beach Police Department.
Around 6:19 a.m. Tuesday, a homeowner in the 700 block of Naples Street told police that an unknown person entered the home while the family was sleeping and stole several electronic items, including phones and computers. Officers launched an investigation and determined a possible location of the stolen items based on numerous pings coming from the electronic devices.
Police then went to a home in the 1400 block of 16th Street in Oceano, where they identified the 16-year-old boy as the burglary suspect. Investigators found the stolen items in the teen's possession.
Officers recovered all of the stolen items and arrested the teen. Police booked him into the San Luis Obispo County Juvenile Services Center on charges of burglary and possession of stolen property.
Investigators request that anyone who has additional information about this case or similar crimes call Detective Brad Barey at (805) 473-4511. Informants may also call Crime Stoppers anonymously at (805) 549-STOP.
Loading...
Everyone's gearing up to watch the Patriots and Eagles square off in Super Bowl LII on Sunday night, but before the ball gets kicked off in Minneapolis, several major awards will be handed out, in addition to the announcement of the 2018 Pro Football Hall of Fame class.
The NFL Honors show will take place on Saturday night, one day before Super Bowl LII. Everything from MVP to Coach of the Year will be handed out, with several members of the Rams in contention for a handful of honors.
Here's how you can catch the awards show, which will also be held in Minnesota.
When: Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018 at 9 p.m. ET
Where: Northrop at the University of Minnesota
TV: NBC
Streaming: NBC Sports
Award categories
MVP
Offensive Player of the Year
Defensive Player of the Year
Offensive Rookie of the Year
Defensive Rookie of the Year
Coach of the Year
Comeback Player of the Year
Walter Payton Man of the Year
FedEx Air and Ground Players of the Year
Play of the Year
Offensive Line of the Year
Salute to Service Award
Touchdown Celebration of the Year
Clutch Performer of the Year
Game Changer Award
Greatness on the Road Award
Deacon Jones Award
Art Rooney Award
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Behind the door of this detached home in Egginton lies a treat for the eyes. A re-modelled four-bed with a show home style.
Orchard End is all about clean lines, shiny surfaces and light.
In the open-plan dining kitchen, for instance, the fittings are listed as including “high quality 'Howdens' kitchen units with attractive granite work surfaces and matching upstands”.
Mirroring the look of the granite work surfaces are high-shine floor tiles – the tiling is also a feature of the dining area and entrance hall.
Further enhancing the style of the dining area are French doors with matching glazed side panels.
But it is not all about the look of the rooms. On a practical note, the kitchen has space for a large ‘Range' cooker, there is an integrated dishwasher included, while the French doors in the dining area open out to the sun terrace and garden creating a perfect al fresco dining space.
Rooms are good sizes – the dining area measures 3.76m x 2.71m (12'4" x 8'11"), the kitchen 4.81m x 2.48m (15'9" x 8'2") while the living room is 6.09m x 3.43m (20'0" x 11'3").
The living is another stylish room with a beautiful feature fireplace at its heart, two decorative ceiling roses (the current owner has chandelier style light fittings in here) and there is a feature arched glass door opening into the dining area.
Also on the ground floor is a cloakroom and a utility room. The utility has granite work surfaces, further units and appliance spaces suitable for a washing machine and a large American style fridge/ freezer.
Head upstairs and you'll discover four-bedrooms and a well-appointed bathroom.
Two of the bedrooms include fitted wardrobes while the bathroom has a freestanding roll-edge claw foot bath with shower screen and shower over as well as a WC, attractive double marble topped wash hand basin with cupboard and drawers beneath and there is a chromium towel radiator.
Accommodation doesn't stop here. There is access from the garage to a home office/hobby room. This versatile room measures 3.05m x 2.59m (10'0" x 8'6") and includes a sink, central heating radiator, power and lighting.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Outside, you'll find plenty of space to park the cars – there is an extensive block-paved driveway as well as a tandem garage.
At the back of the house is a block-paved patio together with several further seating areas, and a shaped lawn intersperse with trees.
The re-modelled four-bedroom detached residence stands in a quiet cul de sac in the peaceful village of Egginton.
The agent said: “Egginton is known for its tranquillity whilst being convenient for Burton upon Trent and Derby and excellent transport links. The village itself offers a primary school and church. Neighbouring Etwall has a further range of shops and facilities including John Port Academy.”
Ground-breaking surgery to restore a smile to a Dungannon child suffering from muscular dystrophy has produced its first positive result.
Seven-year-old Carla Hughes had the pioneering face reanimation surgery in May at the Royal Free Hospital, London, to help restore her facial expression after the debilitating disease wasted away the muscles around her face.
During the complicated operation, surgeons removed muscles from Carla's leg and implanted them in her neck. At the time, doctors said it would take ten to twelve weeks before they would know whether the operation was successful or not.
Her relieved parents Dessie and Anne, said Carla returned to London this week for her first major check-up, and has managed her first new facial movements. Her surgeon now expects the operation to be a success, they said.
“Carla is doing brilliant and is excited that she will have a smile again very soon”, said Dessie.
“Myself and Anne are very happy with everything that Carla has gone through and we cannot speak highly enough of the staff at the Royal Free hospital.”
He thanked the consultant, Mr Grobboloar, who he described as ‘the top plastic surgeon in the world'.
“Carla could not have been in better hands and to him we are so thankful. Carla has to go back to London in November and he expects to see more improvement.”
Although needing no more surgery, Carla has to undergo physiotherapy and daily exercises at home. “As a family we can see big improvements in Carla since the operation. She has coped brilliantly and healed very well.” Dessie also said that he would like to thank everybody that has sent their best wishes to Carla and his family. The brave father of three did a skydive earlier in the year to raise funds for a Muscular Dystrophy cure.
Environment Minister Nick Smith says New Zealand is doing okay on waste management, with 97 per cent of households in kerbside recycling schemes.
The high amount of landfill waste produced in Auckland and Christchurch is sparking calls for better regulation.
In Christchurch, 14.3 per cent of all household rubbish ends up in landfills, and in Auckland it's 17 per cent - that's 800 kilos of rubbish per person.
However, the worst contributors are the demolition, building, and construction sectors, dumping nearly 80 per cent of all landfill waste in both Auckland and Christchurch.
"Ultimately, the most powerful tool in the toolbox is to have legislation, there's no two ways about it," Auckland University expert Bodo Lang told 1 NEWS.
He says New Zealand's clean green image is absolutely critical to the country's success, and we're not doing enough to future proof the environment.
However, the Government disagrees, saying it's working with industry to find manageable solutions.
Douglas Haig, pictured in Arizona yesterday Source: AP/PA Images
AN ARIZONA MAN has been charged with making armour-piercing ammunition without a licence and selling it to the Las Vegas gunman whose October killing spree left 58 concert-goers dead.
64-year-old Stephen Paddock killed himself after the rampage carried out from his hotel suite on Las Vegas' famed Strip on 1 October – the deadliest mass shooting in recent US history.
Douglas Haig (55) is charged with one count of conspiracy to manufacture and sell armour-piercing ammunition and was released on bail pending a preliminary hearing on 15 February in Phoenix.
He faces the maximum penalty of five years in prison, and possibly a $250,000 (€200,000) fine, if convicted.
Paddock allegedly came to Haig's home in Mesa, on the outskirts of Phoenix, in September last year to buy ammunition.
Haig had previously operated ‘Specialized Military Ammunition', an internet business selling armour-piercing bullets, some of them high explosive, according to a statement from US Attorney Dayle Elieson of Nevada.
Stephen Paddock Source: Eric Paddock via AP
Records show he had done business in Nevada, Texas, Virginia, Wyoming and South Carolina despite having no licence to manufacture armour-piercing ammunition.
Haig told investigators he reloads ammunition but does not offer reloaded cartridges for sale, and none of the rounds recovered in Las Vegas crime scenes would have tool marks consistent with his reloading equipment.
Fingerprints
But Elieson said forensic examiners had recovered reloaded, unfired .308 calibre cartridges in the shooter's hotel rooms bearing Haig's fingerprints.
Armour-piercing ammunition recovered inside the shooter's rooms had tool marks consistent with Haig's reloading equipment, the statement added.
Police believe Paddock, a wealthy retired accountant and compulsive video poker player who took valium for anxiety, had lost a significant amount of money before his killing spree.
Technicians scouring Paddock's computer found searches for firearms and elite police response teams, as well as “numerous photos of child pornography”, Clark County Sheriff Joe Lombardo said last month.
Paddock had stockpiled an arsenal of firearms in his room at the Mandalay Bay Hotel before he rained fire down on a country music festival where about 22,000 people had gathered.
In addition to the 58 dead, hundreds were wounded. They included 422 people who sustained wounds related to gunfire.
© – AFP, 2018
By Clarence Roy-Macaulay
Relatives dug through the mud in search of their loved ones and a morgue overflowed with bodies yesterday after heavy rains and flooding killed at least 200 people in Sierra Leone's capital.
Bodies were spread out on the floor of a morgue, Sinneh Kamara, a coroner technician at the Connaught Hospital mortuary, told the national broadcaster.
"The capacity at the mortuary is too small for the corpses," he told the Sierra Leone National Broadcasting Corp.
Advertisement
Mud and water cascades down the side on a hill in Freetown, Sierra Leone. Photo / AP Mud and water cascades down the side on a hill in Freetown, Sierra Leone. Photo / AP
Kamara urged the health department to deploy more ambulances, saying his mortuary only has four.
Storms swept through the capital of Freetown early Monday, flooding downtown streets and creating mudslides in hilly areas.
Sierra Leone's national television broadcaster interrupted its regular programming to show scenes of people trying to retrieve their loved ones' bodies. Others were seen carting relatives' remains in rice sacks to the morgue.
Military personnel have been deployed to help in the rescue operation, officials said.
#freetown #rainseason #myafricanadventure #Komba #mycondolencestotheimplicated A post shared by Jacob Lund (@jacobluund) on Aug 14, 2017 at 1:06am PDT
Freetown, an overcrowded coastal city of 1.2 million, is hit annually by flooding during several months of rain that destroys makeshift settlements and raises the risk of waterborne diseases such as cholera.
Many of the impoverished areas of Sierra Leone's capital are close to sea level and have poor drainage systems, exacerbating flooding during the West African country's rainy season.
Flooding in the capital in 2015 killed 10 people and left thousands homeless.
Sierra Leone was one of the west African nations hit by an outbreak of the Ebola virus in 2014 that killed more than 4000 people. It has struggled to revive its economy since the crisis.
About 60 per cent of people in Sierra Leone live below the national poverty line, according to the United Nations Development Programme.
Jason Taumalolo has spoken for the first time about his decision to represent Tonga instead of New Zealand at the Rugby League World Cup.
The Cowboys star's decision to turn his back on the Kiwis has sparked polarised opinions from across the rugby league world.
In an interview with The Courier Mail, Taumalolo explained his "emotional" decision.
"It's obviously been a bit of a rollercoaster week. The whole grand final week itself was pretty big and it was pretty unfortunate that we lost," said Taumalolo.
Advertisement
"Then having to announce that I would play for Tonga, it has been a pretty emotional week for myself. But it's also been one of the most enjoyable weeks too."
Taumalolo said a big reason behind his decision was the opportunity to represent a Pacific Island nation. He said he hoped his decision will inspire other young Tongans to "choose rugby league paths and become great players in the future".
"I was with Woolfy (coach Kristian Woolf) in the last World Cup for Tonga and I enjoyed my time with him, so that kind of helped.
"Obviously with the rule changes they applied earlier this year, it gave a platform for us bigger names to represent smaller nations and tier-two nations.
"It was a good opportunity to make them a more competitive country in rugby league. That was one of the biggest motivators for me."
Taumalolo said he was proud to represent his Tongan heritage, despite being born in New Zealand.
"It will mean a lot, especially for my family. Although I was born in New Zealand, the rules gave me the chance to go back and play for Tonga and my heritage.
"What it means to play for Tonga and their people, that's everything to me. I hope I make them proud."
Several of Taumalolo's former Kiwi teammates were critical of his decision, and selector Tawera Nikau said it would be a difficult decision if Taumalolo wanted to re-join the Kiwis in the future.
"Those will be tough decisions that we've got to make and discussions that we've got to have once we get to that position," Nikau told the Herald.
"But if you're picking players for this World Cup, you've got to show a bit of loyalty to those guys that have put their hand up and said they want to be playing.
"Those are the discussions that the selectors will have when it gets to the time but if you're looking at players that have said 'yep, I want to be a part of this' that are 100 per cent committed to the black jersey, that are respecting the jersey, and all those that have gone before them, you'd certainly take that into consideration.
"When you look at the guys that you really want in the team, it's those guys that are going to do the hard yards when the going does get tough, you want them to be there."
When it comes to his ex-Kiwi teammates, Taumalolo said he hasn't heard from any of them since his decision except for Cowboys teammate Te Maire Martin.
"He's shown his support. Te Maire's happy, and that's probably all I've heard from.
"They're all great footy players and have been playing great for their respective clubs. We're definitely expecting a lot of passion from them. It should make a great game of footy."
Taumalolo was criticised for not communicating with Kiwis coach David Kidwell before or after making his decision, and it seems like that is unlikely to change.
When asked by The Courier Mail if he would play for New Zealand again in the future, his reply was telling.
"I can't answer that at the moment, sorry."
THIS is not to complain of President Duterte's evident trivialization of Lent in the Philippines, with his decision to spend the entire Holy Week in a series of state visits to the Middle East, to the Islamic kingdoms of Saudi Arabia and Bahrain and state of Qatar.
This is rather to urge the President to treat his public speaking engagements with more seriousness and care, especially on those occasions when he is addressing international audiences. This has become imperative, because when the President addresses foreign groups, he does so in representation of all our people and our government. What he says has a weight and gravity that is far above ordinary discourse.
To illustrate this point, we cite, first, his declaration in several addresses in Bahrain, Qatar and Saudi Arabia, wherein he expressed his readiness to deploy Filipino troops to these Arab states, in recognition of the importance of our bilateral relations with them.
During a business meeting in Manama last Friday, Duterte said he is committed to standing by Bahrain “at all times.”
He said he is prepared to send a battalion, a regiment and even a division of soldiers just to protect Bahrain.
Similarly, in an investment forum in Qatar on Saturday, Duterte said Filipino troops are ready to “protect and defend” Qatar.
DU30 also issued a similar statement in Saudi Arabia last Wednesday. He assured Saudi King Salman Abdulaziz Al Saud that the Philippines is a “loyal friend” of his country.
Fortunately for our government, National Security Adviser Hermogenes Esperon, Jr. was quick to issue a clarification, before the words got misinterpreted.
Esperon clarified at a press conference that there will be no “military operational deployment” to the Middle East.
Esperon said: “It (sending of troops) would be on the basis of training which we have yet to set up. This will probably take another six months to one year. This will be very selective and it will be probably based on specialized courses or trainings.”
“There is no such thing as military operational deployment although in this area in Bahrain we are part of what we would call [a]Coalition Maritime Force. We send observers to that.”
In another speaking engagement, DU30 told businessmen in Qatar to shoot corrupt Customs and BIR personnel in the Philippines if they are asked for bribes. This was the advice of President Duterte to the Qatari business community as he stressed that he would not condone government corruption during his watch.
All these are extravagant statements that reflect negatively on the seriousness and good sense of our government. They will not add to the regard and respect of these countries for our country and our people.
The awkwardness of these statements could have been avoided had the President and his staff paid due care and attention to studying and preparing his message. This is not a question of rhetoric or style. This is a question of what is right and proper.
We believe the President can do more to advance our country's foreign relations, as he obviously intends, if his speeches and statements are carefully crafted and checked, before they are publicly said.
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Encroaching on to the pitch during a match day at Villa Park can get you arrested if you are not in the team.
But legendary Black Sabbath bass player Geezer Butler is hoping the boys in blue won't have long memories when he steps on to the grass during today's big Championship clash ready to receive a Broad Street Walk of Stars award.
The plan is for Geezer to receive it during half time in the Aston Villa v Burton Albion game, a crunch match at 3pm on Saturday, February 3, 2018 which could define the season of both clubs at either end of the table.
But the writer of the lyrics to the title track of Sabbath's chart-topping Paranoid album admits to having had lots of sleepless nights recently.
So the last thing he wants is to have his collar felt when he's about to be presented with the 36th Walk of Stars awards since they began in 2007.
Now 68, Geezer was just seven when he saw his first Aston Villa match at Villa Park.
(Image: Graham Young)
And soon the young Terence Butler was hooked when Villa won the FA Cup for the seventh time that season in 1957.
The Sacred Heart pupil used to stand in the Holte End behind the goal and would be swept along by the atmosphere.
“I used to run on to the pitch after ever game I went to,” says Geezer, who grew up on the nearby Victoria Road.
“And I would always do the same thing – go and pat captain Peter McParland on the back.
“I remember he couldn't wait to get off the pitch!
“Peter had scored two goals in the FA Cup Final – a game I watched when my dad bought our first TV – and at that time Villa were just about the biggest club in the world.”
Geezer was really Mr Mischief
(Image: Mohammed Osama)
Now known as Terry by friends and family, the young Terence Butler got the nickname of ‘Geezer' because that's what he used to call everyone around him.
But perhaps Mr Mischief would have been more appropriate!
“I used to sneak in to the ground after half time once they'd opened the gates to let people out to avoid a crush because I couldn't afford the shilling to get in.
“I'd watch what I could of the first half from Aston Park.
“Like most of the local kids you could say I was full of mischief.
“Later, when I could afford it, I would sit around the half way line in the Trinity Road stand.
“But I only see about one game a season these days – I spend about six weeks of the year at home here, but that's usually in the summer, and the rest of the time I'll be in LA.”
(Image: Mohammed Osama)
Geezer said he was so nervous about the Walk of Stars presentation he'd put off the chance of receiving an award for years.
And, having agreed to it, has become so apprehensive that he's had to take medication.
“Usually, you are there with the whole band,” he says.
“But this is just for me – and that's different.
“I'm not used to it so the presentation has been on and off for years.
“I've had to take some anxiety pills this week.
“I was quite outgoing as a kid, but the older I get the more introverted I seem to have become.
“I never thought I would get the courage to say I would come and be able to do it but, in the end, I got fed up of refusing it and plucked up the courage to say ‘Yes!'."
Black Sabbath star's presentation is one year on from The End
(Image: Jim Simpson)
The presentation is on the first anniversary of February 4, 2017 – the Saturday night when Black Sabbath played their last gig at the end of The End world tour back home in Birmingham at the NEC's Genting Arena.
Fans travelled from as far as LA, Japan, Mexico and Australia to be at the special show.
“Luckily (guitarist) Tony (Iommi) is coming to support me, as is my wife and other family members,” says Geezer.
“I haven't been this nervous about Villa since I was on tour in St Louis and phoning up my brother every ten minutes to see if Villa had scored in the (1982) European Cup Final.”
(Image: Graham Young)
Black Sabbath frontman Ozzy Osbourne was the first person to receive a Walk of Stars awards on July 6, 2007, with Tony Iommi the seventh on November 23, 2008.
“They kept asking me about a Walk of Stars awards and I kept turning it down,” says Geezer.
“Then my wife, Gloria, persuaded me to accept it and that was about four months ago.
“The closer the date has got, the more nervous I've become.
“But if you get one then I definitely think our original drummer Bill Ward should get one.”
(Image: Graham Young)
What happens after the presentation?
After the game, Geezer will retire to a private suite to be with friends and family.
City historian Carl Chinn will then give him a friendly grilling during a post-match Q&A.
“I've never met Carl, but I've read a lot about him, and I think he deserves a star, too,” he says.
(Image: Graham Young)
Geezer has also never met Villa boss Steve Bruce, but thinks he has “done well” since joining the club on October 12, 2016.
“When we weren't winning I wasn't sure if he was getting the tactics and team selection right,” says Geezer.
“But things have been great these past few months and it just shows that you need to give managers time.
“I hope I don't curse them for the Burton Albion game!”
Tony Iommi humbled by Walk of Stars accolade
What is Walk of Stars?
The Westside Business Improvement District (BID) used The Birmingham Walk of Stars to recognise those who were born in Birmingham or have lived here and have put the city on the map nationally and internationally through their work.
This Walk of Star presentation, which was chaired by Jasper Carrott, is in partnership with Aston Villa, Home of Metal and Hollywood Monster.
(Image: Dale Martin)
Other previous recipients of the award include Nigel Mansell, Trevor Francis, Jeff Lynne, Julie Walters, Lenny Henry, Murray Walker, Chris Tarrant and David Harewood.
The last awards were presented in December, 2016 when Don Maclean and Toyah Wilcox each received one.
Who is Geezer Butler?
(Image: Mirrorpix)
Terence Michael Joseph ‘Geezer' Butler was the seventh and youngest child born on July 17, 1949 and grew up on Victoria Road, Aston – aka Friar Park Villas 1873.
Geezer made his name as the bass player with Black Sabbath, but also recorded with Heaven & Hell, GZR, and Ozzy Osbourne and says he “Loves the sound of DOOM!”.
Now based in Los Angeles, Geezer is married to wife Gloria who is also his manager.
The naked body of a Google employee has been found floating in the San Francisco Bay, according to authorities.
The woman was identified as Chu Chu Ma, the Santa Clara County Coroner's Office revealed.
According to KTVU, investigators said Ma was half naked. It's not clear if she was dumped in the bay, or if the body floated from a different location.
A passing cyclist made the grim discovery on Thursday, calling 911 to report a dead body floating face down in a drainage canal.
Advertisement
Chuchu Ma, 23, was found dead in San Francisco Bay. Photo / Linkedin
Cyclist Dan Coyle told KTVU he was shocked to find Ma's body along the stretch of water.
"It's very sad, this is a beautiful trail. I take it five days a week. Lots of people take it every day and some people take it to work. It's just very sad to learn that happened, whatever it is."
In a statement in NBC Bay Area, a Google spokesperson said: "Chu Chu was an excellent software engineer in our developer product team. We are devastated to learn of her passing and our deepest condolences are with her family and friends."
The Sunnyvale DPS said an investigation was ongoing and authorities were "awaiting the results of the autopsy report."
RIO DE JANEIRO (AP) — One night about a year ago, Leandro Mota Generoso was sleeping on a street in downtown Rio de Janeiro when he felt something jagged strike his face.
Somebody — he didn't see the person, but believes it was a resident in the neighborhood — had slashed his nose with broken glass from a Vodka bottle. He awoke in a pool of blood.
"I can't sleep at night anymore," said Generoso, 23, who has been homeless since the grandfather who was raising him died five years ago. "To many people, we are rats, garbage or whatever thing."
"That is the reality, and now there are many more homeless in the streets," he added.
Advertisement
A year after Rio de Janeiro hosted the Olympic Games, a grinding economic crisis has led to an influx of thousands of homeless people, creating a climate of tension that city officials are scrambling to address.
Warm temperatures and miles of beaches have long made Brazil's most famous city a place with a large street population. But city officials say it's more than tripled in the last few years, to an estimated 15,000 people.
While many U.S. cities have experienced sharp increases in people living outdoors thanks to rising housing prices amid a recovering economy, in Rio the driving factors have been fallout from Brazil's worst recession in decades and long-standing inequalities.
Today's homeless in Rio include thousands who came from other states for work before the 2014 World Cup and 2016 Rio Olympics and subsequently lost their jobs.
"Rio de Janeiro is facing the worst possible scenario when it comes to the homeless," said Pedro Fernandes, the city's secretary of social assistance and human rights. "We have never had such a large number in the streets."
Tensions have been steadily increasing, particularly in affluent and touristy neighborhoods where residents and businesses are frustrated with the throngs of people sleeping on the streets. In August, a residential building in the iconic Copacabana neighborhood installed sprinklers below its awnings to rouse unwanted campers below. The city later forced the sprinklers to be removed.
People in several affluent neighborhoods post messages on community Facebook groups urging police to act and imploring neighbors not to feed the homeless.
In some cases, violence has erupted. Forty-year-old Fernanda Rodrigues dos Santos was fatally shot in the chest while sleeping in the street in Copacabana in October. Police say 24-year-old Rodrigo Gomes Rodrigues, a medical student who lives in the neighborhood, has confessed to the killing. Police say he and a friend argued earlier in the night with another homeless person, went to get a gun and returned looking for revenge.
"How many Fernandas are still in the streets?" said Wilham Rodrigues dos Santos, Fernanda's brother. "We can't accept that this aggression becomes normal."
Carla Beatriz Nunes Maia, from the Public Prosecutors office, has been leading visits to the homeless at night to get a sense of what they are facing. She says complaints about rough-handed tactics by police have given way to even more complaints about friction with residents in affluent neighborhoods.
"There is a repressive movement to keep people from helping the homeless," said Maia, referring to the calls on social media not to give food or money.
The city has launched an initiative to spruce up shelters and persuade more homeless people to use them. Many shun shelters because they often have strict rules and, by the city's own acknowledgement, have fallen into disrepair, with infestations of bugs and filthy bathrooms.
"You may go into a shelter healthy, but then how will you come out?" said Nancy Gouveia, a 49-year-old who has been on the streets three years.
When her marriage broke up, the former housewife with no work experience said she had nowhere to go but the street. While many people have helped her, she said she has also had water and diesel thrown on her. A man once tried to light her on fire while she slept.
"All of us on the street want to get off it. But how?" Gouveia said as she lay on a frayed cushion in front of a bank near the ocean in Copacabana.
Sitting on a chair next to Gouveia, Patricio Santos added there would be no change until the economy improves.
"We need jobs," said Santos, 34, who has been on the streets six months since losing his job as a telemarketer.
While some of the nearly 2,200 beds in shelters go empty each night, successfully persuading more homeless people to use them could create its own problems, as there are vastly more potential users than space for them. Given that reality, the city is also working to help migrants return to their home states, and in some cases even other countries.
Despite the grim situation, there are signs of hope. Though growth is tepid, Brazil officially emerged from recession earlier this year. And city officials say some businesses are donating food and clothes as well as providing jobs for some homeless.
On a recent day, hundreds of homeless showed up at a park where the city offered services ranging from free haircuts to recovering documents and help with job searches.
One of those who showed up was Generoso, who wanted more information about a shelter where he might be able to stop worrying about being attacked again.
"I want to find a place to sleep," he said. "There is only misery on the streets."
___
Peter Prengaman on Twitter: www.twitter.com/peterprengaman
Kathrine Switzer, the first official woman entrant in the Boston Marathon 50 years ago, smiles during a news conference, Tuesday, April 18, 2017, in Boston, where her Bib No. 261 was retired in her honor by the Boston Athletic Association. (Photo: Elise Amendola, AP)
Kathrine Switzer has 40 marathons under her belt but there's one in particular that she wants to tell you about. She was the first woman to run as a registered “unauthorized” competitor in the 1967 Boston Marathon, a man's-only race since its inception in 1897.
Switzer is the keynote speaker at the fifth annual Women's Night Out, an evening of motivational oration titled, “The Legacy of 261.”
The free event on Thursday, Oct. 12, will be presented by the Women's Community and Physician Advisory Board of West Florida Healthcare. The speakers include several physicians and a local “unsung hero” before Switzer takes the podium.
“(The board) has a good cross-section of women in our community,” said Kendrick Doidge, the health system's vice president of Business and Public Relations. “They give us feedback on services and amenities that would appeal to women. We want the story to awaken them to reach their goals, something that inspires them to move above and beyond.”
The board, formed five years ago, steered the hospital toward opening a children's ER and implemented what debuted as Women's Day Out.
“They felt there was a need for an event in town that put women first,” Doidge said.
More: Tia Robbins helps moms, working women stay fit
Past speakers include a contestant from the TV show “The Biggest Loser,” the first woman soldier to lose a limb during Operation Iraqi Freedom, and Elizabeth Smart, a child safety activist who was abducted as a teenager. Last year, the event was changed to Women's Night Out and attendance doubled. Doidge expects a turnout of at least 1,200 for Switzer.
“You have to know her story if you're a runner,” said Paul Epstein, owner of Running Wild, a specialty store in East Pensacola Heights. “It's a story of inspiration.”
Epstein has run the Boston Marathon nine times and appreciates the depth of Switzer's commitment. The hallowed course across metro Boston is an up and down battle that's both tempting and feared among elite runners. He also stressed that Women's Night Out is relatable to men and they should definitely plan to attend.
“If you're a man and you have a connection to running it's nonnegotiable,” Epstein said.
Switzer's story began as a daunting challenge. She was drawn to the Boston Marathon for its stature as the pinnacle of distance running.
Kathrine Switzer, who was the first official woman entrant in the Boston Marathon 50 years ago, waves to the crowd at the start of the 2017 Boston Marathon in Hopkinton, Mass., April 17, 2017. (Photo: Mary Schwalm, AP)
“My coach didn't believe that a woman could do a marathon distance but promised to take me to Boston if I showed him in practice that I could do it,” Switzer recalled. “We trained hard and one day ran 31 miles and he was amazed, exhausted and also proud.”
The marathon didn't post a literal “men-only” rule but she registered for the race as K.V. Switzer, assigned with the number 261. The pivotal moment came in the first mile when a race official riding on the press bus spotted a female runner.
“The official jumped off the bus and attacked me, right in full view of the photographers taking pictures from the back of the truck,” Switzer said.
Switzer's boyfriend, who was also running to prove that he could run the race if a girl could, helped stave off the determined official. The scuffle was recorded frame-by-frame, creating a rash of publicity.
“It was very bad timing for the official, but it was very good timing for women's rights,” she said.
Switzer finished the race in 4 hours, 20 minutes. She continued running, vastly improving by winning the 1974 New York Marathon and a personal best of 2:51:37 in Boston a year later. But the race of her life was just beginning.
“I was inspired to both become a better athlete myself and create opportunities for other women in running,” Switzer said. “All this led to several interesting careers, almost all of which I designed for myself and are connected to running and social change.”
The Boston Marathon began accepting female runners in 1972. Title IX, the landmark legislation that mandated gender equality in public education, was also implemented that year.
“This has revolutionized opportunities everywhere for women, especially in sports and education,” she said.
More: Giffney Nagel built a community through cowork @nnex
Switzer swept the nation and the globe, organizing more than 400 races for women in 27 countries. She also authored three running books and lobbied the International Olympic Committee to instill a women's marathon event, which it did in 1984. She also became a celebrated sports broadcaster, calling at least 200 races including the Boston Marathon for 37 consecutive years.
The heart of Switzer's enterprise is her speaking tour. She stressed that her appearance at Women's Night Out colors outside the lines of running.
“My speech is relevant to non-runners and runners alike but I think especially, believe it or not, to non-runners,” she said. “It's about overcoming the impossible, making positives out of negatives, seeing and developing a sense of vision, and sometimes making the worst things in your life become the best things in your life. A problem or challenge is just an opportunity.”
Members of the Phat Girlz running group set off for their weekly run through the streets of East Hill earlier this year. The group hopes to run with Kathrine Switzer during her visit to Pensacola on Oct. 12, 2017. (Photo: News Journal file photo)
At 70, Switzer is as svelte and energetic as someone half her age. Last April, she ran the Boston Marathon, the 50th anniversary of her iconic run, finishing just 24 minutes slower than her storied debut. She's running in just a few weeks in the New York City Marathon and has the London and Tokyo marathons in her sites as well.
“I plan to run all the rest of my life, no question,” she said.
In 2015, Switzer founded “261 Fearless,” a global community for women through running clubs, education, communication and events.
“We are trying to propagate them all over the world. We are at 41 clubs now and growing and we have strategic plans to have them in as many countries as possible,” Switzer revealed.
Locally, Running Wild has a woman's-only running club called Phat Girlz. Formed in 2009 by Cheri Epstein, the group meets on Wednesday mornings and has more than 1,400 Facebook followers.
“We wanted all women to feel they were part of a team,” Epstein said. “Our mission is to encourage and inspire all women to be the best that they can be. And we are all ridiculous fans of Kathrine Switzer and really wished that she could run with us when she visits. We do plan to have a large group go see her though.”
Despite her efforts, Switzer believes that a lot of work needs to be done for women's sports, citing the scourge of poverty and the lack of rights in other countries. Looking back 50 years ago, she said she never received a formal apology from that race official who inadvertently helped her change history.
“But he did give me a kiss later on the starting line of the 1973 Boston Marathon and we eventually became good friends.”
Want to go?
WHAT: Women's Night Out: The Legacy of 261
WHEN: 6 p.m. Tuesday, Oct. 12; doors open at 5:30 p.m.
WHERE: Pensacola Saenger Theatre, 22 E. Intendencia St.
COST: Free, RSVP at 494-3212. Concession stand will be open.
Read or Share this story: http://www.pnj.com/story/life/2017/10/06/womens-night-out-pensacola-features-maverick-marathoner-kathrine-switzer/736305001/
LOS ANGELES — Twenty people and a ride operator were rescued on Friday after being trapped for several hours about 100 feet above the ground in an enclosed cabin of an amusement park ride in Southern California.
Rescue workers helped the people, including several children, rappel down ropes from the Sky Cabin at the Knott's Berry Farm, footage from local media showed.
The ride, described as a “fully enclosed revolving observational deck,” stopped working at about 2 p.m. local time,…
ENVIRONMENTAL watchdog EcoWaste Coalition warned Cebuanos seeking fairer skin complexion to watch out for cosmetics that may do more harm than lighten the skin.The group issued the warning after purchasing 11 unregistered skin whitening cosmetics for P60 to P130 each from various retail outlets in Cebu City. Thony Dizon, Coordinator of the EcoWaste Coalition's Project Protect, said the test buys were part of their advocacy to stop the illegal trade of dangerous cosmetics containing mercury, a highly toxic chemical that is harmful to public health and the environment. Seven of the 11 skin whitening cosmetics, all bearing the Jiaoli and S'Zitang brands, were found to contain high concentrations of mercury above the trace amount limit of 1 part per million (ppm) as per the Asean Cosmetic Directive. Jiaoli Miraculous Cream and S'Zitang, both banned by the Food and Drug Administration since 2010, were found laced with mercury of 2,809 and 2,739 ppm, respectively. The non-notified products or not subjected to verification were Erna Whitening Cream, Cai Mei Sheep Placenta Whitening Foundation Cream, Cai Mei Sheep Placenta Anti-Wrinkle Cream and Cai Mei Sheep Placenta Moisturizing Cream. The group also urged the local government, health and police authorities in Cebu City to go after the distributors and dealers of contraband cosmetics.
Advertisements
Irish flanker Peter Mahony will captain the British and Irish Lions against the Maori All Blacks at Rotorua International Stadium on Saturday.
The Munster skipper follows Sam Warburton, Ken Owens and Alun Wyn Jones in leading the 2017 Lions in what has been billed the 'fourth Test'.
Sam Warburton of the Lions in action against the Highlanders. Source: Getty
Lions coach Warren Gatland said, "At this stage of the tour it is important to build on the foundations that have been laid in the last few weeks.
"We were obviously disappointed with the loss against the Highlanders and realise that we need to improve in several areas, including our discipline, but we feel that overall we are building well towards the Test matches.
"Every game is a big challenge, which is what we wanted, and this is an experienced Lions team with eight of the starting 15 involved in the last Test in Australia in 2013."
Welsh star Leigh Halfpenny slots back into fullback with Kiwi-born Ben Te'o partnering with Welsh player Jonathan Davies in the midfield.
George North returns to the starting team on the left wing.
Warburton has been named on the bench alongside English first-five Owen Farrell and Scottish halfback Greig Laidlaw.
British and Irish Lions: Leigh Halfpenny, Anthony Watson, Jonathan Davies, Ben Te'o, George North, Johnny Sexton, Conor Murray, Taulupe Faletau, Sean O'Brien, Peter O'Mahony (c), George Kruis, Maro Itoje, Tadhg Furlong, Jamie George, Mako Vunipola.
By Stephen Iervolino
Vogue/Annie Leibovitz
(LOS ANGELES) — It's hard to imagine that a woman like Oprah Winfrey has ever had a “down” moment, but the TV titan reveals that even she has battled depression.
She said she first experienced depression after her film adaptation of Toni Morrison's Beloved hit theaters in 1998. “I got a call from someone at the studio, and they said, ‘It's over. You got beat by ‘Chucky,'” she tells Vogue in a new interview.
“And I said, ‘Who's “Chucky?' What do you mean it's over? It's just Saturday morning!'” she recalled. “…[A]nd so began my long plunge into food and depression and suppressing all my feelings.”
Winfrey, 63, said her depression lasted for six weeks.
“I actually started to think, ‘maybe I really am depressed.' Because it's more than ‘I feel bad about this.' I felt like I was behind a veil. I felt like what many people had described over the years on my show, and I could never imagine it.”
“That's when the gratitude practice became really strong for me, because it's hard to remain sad if you're focused on what you have instead of what you don't have,” she explained.
“It taught me to never again…put all of your hopes, expectations, eggs in the basket of box office,” Winfrey said. “Do the work as an offering, and then whatever happens, happens.”
Winfrey will be seen in theaters next year as Mrs. Which in the adaptation of the beloved book A Wrinkle in Time.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Source:: Entertainment
“I found the food I love most when I first arrived in the home of the Stars and Stripes: America. There I not only found food that appealed to my 'home-cooking' palate, but also portions that blew me away.”
Simon Delaney is wowing audiences at the world premier of The Snapper at the Gate Theatre in Dublin this summer. But as Independence Day rolls around, there is a good chance that the actor, TV presenter and MasterChef finalist 's thoughts – and lunchtime inspiration – have a US flavour.
Simon Delaney (left) in his Simply Simon's US diner food truck at Kildare Village
He has written a cookbook that is an homage to his favourite type of place to eat, the classic American diner. And this spring he launched Simply Simon's Authentic NYC Deli and Food Truck as a pop-up at the Kildare Village retail park.
The truck's eight-week residency ended last month, but Delaney is exploring further opportunities for the project.
“It was an amazing adventure having our first pop-up in the beautiful Kildare Village. We made a lot of friends while there, and got the chance to serve up some of my favourite diner sandwiches."
The experience cemented his love affair with the diner. “I've been lucky to film across the US, from New York to Dallas to Los Angeles. And wherever I was there working, I found myself spending more and more time in my favourite type of eatery: the diner,” he says
“I love them. I love the diner vibe. Because while I'm away working, I'm travelling alone, so I'll spend my time in a diner, reading or writing, tucking into a classic turkey burger and constantly aware of the activity around me.”
As the heatwave continues, Delaney's really well though out burger recipe – 20 per cent fat to 80 per cent minced chuck beef – is worth prepping for the barbecue. He even has a recipe for homemade burger sauce, a savoury blend of mayo, gherkins, smoked paprika, hoisin sauce and lemon juice. The pastrami topping gives it an authentic US flavour for the day that's in it.
Delaney's rib recipe is interesting too, the meat getting a dry rub seasoning before being roasted over a tray filled with Guinness that then makes its way into a sticky glaze with treacle.
Simply Simon's. The Diner Cookbook, by Simon Delaney, is published by Black & White Publishing, £16.99
Simon Delaney's chuck beef burger with pastrami and Monterey Jack cheese
CHUCK BEEF BURGER MONTEREY JACK CHEESE AND HOT PASTRAMI
When you mention the word ‘diner', the word ‘burger' normally pops into your head soon after. A good burger is truly one of the great dishes of the world. There are a few things that I wanted to feature in my burger, some of my favourite things. One is fried onions, a must for me on a burger: they add a lovely sweetness to the dish.
The buns: brioche, of course. One of the things I love about eating a burger in a diner in the States is that when you pick it up, the bread almost collapses around the burger. The burger is the star, not the bread. But if you go with brioche buns, it'll be worth it.
Then the hot pastrami: my favourite deli sandwich filler, and amazing on a burger. Then, the small matter of the cheese. I've gone for a Monterey Jack cheese, a creamy melting cheese that's a perfect companion for hot beef. And speaking of the beef, I've carried out a ridiculous amount of research into the perfect burger beef. What you're looking for is an 80/20 mix of beef to fat. I've gone for chuck beef: a great cut of the meat and gorgeous in a burger. Your friendly neighbourhood butcher will provide you with the perfect burger meat; just ask.
Finally, there's the burger sauce, a little zing to spread on the buns to accompany that meat and cheese, and this sauce recipe cuts through it beautifully. Hungry yet? Let's cook . . .
Serves 4
For the burgers:
2 tbsp Worcestershire sauce
1 tsp Chinese five-spice
960 g minced chuck beef, with 20 per cent fat (your butcher will sort this for you)
Salt and pepper, to season
For the burger sauce:
1 tsp smoked paprika
100 ml hoisin sauce
2 tbsp mayonnaise
2 small gherkins, chopped
Juice of half a lemon
To serve:
8 slices Monterey Jack cheese
16 thin slices pastrami
A couple of knobs of butter, melted
1 medium red onion, finely sliced
4 brioche burger buns
2 beef tomatoes, sliced
1 small head of Baby Gem lettuce, washed
Olive oil
Method
1. Preheat the oven to 175°C. We'll kick off by making the burger mix. In a bowl add the Worcestershire sauce, the Chinese five-spice mix and the minced beef, and season well with salt and pepper. Don't be shy with the salt: these burgers can take it!
2. When you have the spices mixed well into the beef, divide the mixture into four 240 g balls. Wet your hands with cold water, and then take the meatballs and shape them into burger patties about 1 inch thick. When you have all four done, pop them onto a lined baking tray, cover them and let them sit in the fridge for about 30 minutes to firm up.
3. While these are in the fridge, we'll make the burger sauce. In a small bowl, simply mix together the smoked paprika, hoisin sauce, mayonnaise, chopped gherkins and lemon juice.
4. Now to cook the burgers. If you have a griddle pan, put it over a medium heat. The griddle pan is great to get those beautiful marks on the burger, but if you haven't got a griddle, a standard ovenproof pan will do. Take the burgers out of the fridge and let them come to room temperature before you cook them. Add a little olive oil to your pan, get it nice and hot, and pop the burgers in. We're looking to get a nice char on the outside of the burger, so cook them for about 2 minutes on each side. Place the pan into the oven and cook for about 6 minutes or until done. I like my burgers medium, but go with what you prefer.
5. When ready, take the burgers out of the oven, but leave them in the pan. Place a slice of cheese and a couple of slices of the pastrami over each of the burgers and pop them back into the oven, and turn the oven off! This will heat the pastrami and melt the cheese (a sentence I'll never tire of saying).
6. In another small pan, add a drizzle of olive oil and a knob of butter and sweat down your onions until coloured and soft. When done, drain on kitchen paper.
7. To serve: spread a little melted butter on the brioche burger buns and heat them in your pan for a minute. Next, spread some of your burger sauce on both halves of the bun, and then layer on some lettuce, a couple of slices of tomato and the fried onions. Add the burger, cheese and pastrami, then skewer the bun top on with a burger skewer (yes, there is such a thing), and enjoy.
Guinness and treacle spare ribs
LOVE ME TENDER MEMPHIS RIBS
Who doesn't like a rack of ribs? That tender, sweet pork smothered in a tangy barbeque sauce that seems to get better with every bite. Delicious. This is a dish that can put a diner on the map. There are of course joints in the US that just do ribs, and nothing else. My recipe has an Irish twist, using stout to cook the ribs in.
Serves 4
50 g muscovado sugar
1 tbsp smoked paprika
1 tbsp ground cumin
Half a tbsp garlic powder
Half a tbsp chilli flakes
4 full racks of baby back ribs
200 ml Guinness
500 ml passata
1 tbsp treacle
Method
1. To start, let's make the rub for the ribs. In a large bowl, add the sugar, the paprika, the cumin, the garlic powder and the chilli flakes. Pop the ribs in there and rub the mix all around them, making sure the ribs are fully coated. Ideally, try and let the ribs sit in the rub for a couple of hours before cooking, to let all of the spices work their way into the meat.
2. Preheat your oven to 150°C.
3. Place the ribs on a raised rack and place the rack into a deep baking tray. Pour the Guinness into the tray underneath the ribs and cover the whole thing with tinfoil. Pop this into the oven and cook for 2 hours. This is low and slow cooking at its finest!
4. After two hours, remove from the oven, take the ribs out and set aside. Pour the cooking juices into a pan and cook over a medium heat to reduce this down by half. Add the passata and the treacle and reduce again until you end up with a nice thick mixture that we can use to glaze our ribs.
5. Using a pastry brush, glaze the ribs with the sticky reduction and pop them under a high heat on the grill, so we can get a good char on them. This will only take a few minutes. Repeat the process again with glaze.
6. To serve, stack the racks of ribs onto a large serving dish and drizzle over the rest of the glaze. Finger-licking good, as they say . . .
Buttermilk pancake stack with bacon and maple syrup
BUTTERMILK PANCAKES WITH CRISPY BACON AND MAPLE SYRUP
This dish is an absolute staple on every diner menu from Cape May, New Jersey, to Fresno, California. It's also Mrs Delaney's go-to diner breakfast dish. She doesn't even bother looking at the menu any more. It's one of the most popular dishes on a diner's breakfast menu, and I think it's because of the contrasts of flavours and textures on the plate. You start with the soft, fluffy buttermilk pancakes, and then crunch through that crispy bacon, all topped off with that silky maple sauce. Hungry? Let's get cooking . . .
Serves 4
225 g plain flour
2 tbsp caster sugar
1 tsp bicarbonate of soda
2 free-range eggs
300 ml buttermilk
50 ml milk
50 g butter, melted
1 tsp salt
3 tbsp rapeseed oil, for frying
8 slices smoked streaky bacon or pancetta
2 tbsp soft brown sugar
Knob of butter, to serve
Method
1. Sieve the flour, caster sugar and bicarbonate of soda into a bowl. Separate the eggs: put the whites into another bowl, and add the yolks the flour mixture.
2. Add the buttermilk, milk and melted butter to the flour mix, and mix well. Don't worry about leaving a few small lumps, this isn't MasterChef, and it gives the pancakes a nice lift. Whisk the egg whites with the salt until you have stiff peaks. Gently fold the egg-white mix into the batter. Heat a frying pan and brush with a little oil (I like to use rapeseed oil).
3. Add a ladle of batter to the pan (should be the size of the palm of your hand) and cook until you start to see small bubbles dimple the top of the pancake. When you see the bubbles, flip. Cook for another 30 seconds, until golden, and then remove the pan from the heat and set aside the pancake. Repeat until all the batter is used.
4. Throw a tea towel over the pancakes to keep them warm. This recipe should get you about 12 in total.
5. Now the bacon: sprinkle the slices with the brown sugar (not too much) before frying, then place them in a hot pan and cook until crispy.
6. To serve, stack the pancakes (as many as you dare!) and put the crispy bacon on top, drizzle with maple syrup and, for an extra sneaky treat, add a little knob of butter over the top.
This recipe has been approved by Mrs Delaney.
COCHRANE -
It goes without saying the Timmins Rock are sick and tired of losing to the Crunch — especially at the Tim Horton Event Centre.
Tuesday night, the revolving door on sick bay saw back-up goalie Jeff Veitch and blue-liner Patrick Gazich check out of the lineup, while forward Wayne Mathieu and defenceman Brendan Campbell managed to answer the bell for a 6-1 loss at the hands of the Crunch.
Nicholas Hway, who had missed the past three games while battling the flu bug, returned to action, as well.
Playing their fourth road game in five nights, the Rock certainly qualified as tired and they clearly lacked the jump necessary for any sustained forechecking.
Travelling 1,135 kilometres by bus — from Timmins to Espanola, to Rayside-Balfour, to Elliot Lake, back to Timmins and then to Cochrane — will do that to a team.
Despite the medical issues and all the travel, the Rock were able to keep the Crunch at bay until late in the first period.
“The first 10 minutes of the first period, I thought we came out pretty good and had a little bit of jump,” said Rock assistant coach Marc Bisson.
“You could see, however, that we were definitely losing steam as the game went on. Then, we started to get a little bit frustrated. On their first goal, on the power play, we weren't sure whether or not it should have been a too many men on the ice call. That goal got them on the board.”
Braeden Cross finally broke through the Rock defence to score his 37th goal of the season, with the home side on the power play, at the 17:20 mark.
And then Nate Viberg beat Rock goalie Albert Rogers for his 23rd goal of the season with just 29 seconds remaining in the opening frame.
“Rather than getting the puck out on the play, we had a missed assignment,” Bisson said.
“Giving up a goal in the last minute of a period is always a big no-no.”
Justin Hess added his eighth goal of the season midway through the second period to push the Crunch advantage to 3-0.
The Rock got that one back a minute-and-a-half later, however, as captain Jordan Rendle scored his team-leading 28th goal of the season.
Any momentum the Rock may have gained from that goal was lost just over two minutes later, as Konnar Dechaine struck for his 32nd goal of the season to put the Crunch in front 4-1 heading into the second intermission.
The third period was all Crunch, as defenceman Quinn Robelle scored his fourth goal of the season early in the frame and Brandon McReynolds added his 24th goal of the season at the midway mark.
With Tuesday's victory, the Crunch (35-13-4-1) were able to expand their lead over the Rock (31-13-3-0) to 10 points in the battle for second place in the NOJHL's East Division standings.
The Rock, however, still have six games in hand on their rivals.
“We are maintaining a positive attitude and we still think we can get home-ice advantage,” Bisson said.
“That is still our goal.”
Things will not get any easier for the Rock as they will play a fifth game in seven nights when they travel to Kirkland Lake for a game against the Gold Miners at the Joe Mavrinac Community Complex Thursday night.
“We will have a short practice tomorrow (Wednesday) to get ready for that game,” Bisson said.
“Not everybody will be in attendance, as we had some guys who played sick today. If they are still ill, maybe they will get a day off.”
Even though the Rock came out on the losing end of a 6-1 score Tuesday night, there were still a few players who impressed the coaches.
“(Alexandre) Brisson, a Cochrane guy, kind of brought it tonight,” Bisson said.
“He always finishes his checks and does the small things. On the back end, I thought Campbell played fairly well and up front Wayne Mathieu is always pretty consistent with his effort and what he brings to the lineup game-in and game-out.”
Crunch coach and general manager Ryan Leonard was pleased with his team's effort Tuesday night.
“Our transition game was really good tonight,” he said.
“The first three goals we scored were really pretty, tick-tack-toe, one-timers. Rogers didn't have a chance, especially on our fourth goal.
“We were patient tonight and until all the shenanigans happened in the last three or four minutes we were pretty disciplined. That's something we have to work on. Tonight showed that if we are disciplined we are not going to have too hard of a time against these guys. The games we have struggled against them have been the games where we have been undisciplined and taken too many penalties.
“The last two games in Timmins, we had eight or nine power plays against us and they were well-deserved penalties. We have just got to keep our mouths shut, play hockey and do our jobs. We did that tonight and they were getting frustrated and taking all the dumb penalties.”
The Crunch excelled in their defensive zone coverage Tuesday night, something that has not always been the case when they take on the Rock.
“We did a great job tonight and we have been working on it a lot in practice,” Leonard said.
“We were playing man-to-man down low, which is nice, and having a goalie who does not give up many rebounds helps a lot, as well. (Taylor) Unruh was sound tonight and he did a good job.”
The coach was also impressed with the play of his captain a few other players.
“Connor Lovie again was a horse for us out there tonight,” Leonard said.
“Robelle, Joey Thielen and (Taylor) Armbruster all had great games back there. All our D really played well.
“Up front, (Nicolas) Flanders was plugging away out there and he and (Kyle) Herbster were really flying.
“I was also impressed with the play of Cross. He is playing a 200-foot game and he is helping out defensively. He actually stopped a goal tonight.
“That's how you are going to win games, when you have guys who are the leading goal scorers in the league coming down low, blocking shots and helping out. That kind of thing is going to go a long way when it comes playoff time.”
Unruh turned aside 37 of the 38 shots the Rock fired his way to pick up the win for the Crunch.
Rogers, making his fifth-straight start in the Rock net, blocked 39 of the 45 shots he faced on the night and was tagged with the loss.
NOJHL NOTES — The three stars of the game were Dechaine, Viberg and Crunch forward Bailey Shaver, who picked up a pair of assists ... Rock forward Jacob Shankar was ejected from the game after picking up a five-minute major penalty for kneeing and a game misconduct in the third period ... The Rock went 0-6 on the power play, while the Crunch were 2-6 with the man advantage ... Official attendance at the Tim Horton Event Centre was 298 ... The Rock will return to action Thursday night when they travel to Kirkland Lake for a game against the Gold Miners at the Joe Mavrinac Community Complex. The next home game for the Rock will be on Saturday night when the Elliot Lake Wildcats will make their lone visit of the 2016-17 campaign to the McIntyre Arena.
BULAWAYO Scorpions, a crew of bouncers from the city who provided security at the Davido 30 Billion concert in Harare, were involved in a nasty altercation with their Harare counterparts at the weekend.
Fifteen Bulawayo Scorpions had travelled to Harare on Friday to shore up security at the show at the invitation of show organisers, 2 Kings Entertainment and Ginimbi. As they conducted their duties, a fight broke out at the HICC VVIP entrance after six bouncers from Harare allegedly started attacking the Bulawayo Scorpions as they demanded to be let into the venue for free.
A scorpion, Themba “Nyamazana” Lunga said the Harare bouncers were bitter because the Bulawayo crew had been hired ahead of them.
“Those guys were just bitter that Ginimbi had hired us instead of them. It's a well known fact that Harare bouncers are dishonest and work for their pockets. Even the show organisers in that city no longer want them because they pocket gate takings.
“Ginimbi wanted security that wasn't known by Harare people and he chose us,” said Nyamazana.
He said contrary to media reports that six bouncers stormed the premises, there were actually more than 20.
“These guys were armed to the teeth. They had steel pipes, knuckle dusters and other weapons that they wanted to use on us. I counted over 20 of them and the group was menacing.
“We fended them off and we found out later that the gang of bouncers had recruited people from Mbare to cause trouble.”
As a result of the melee, Undertaker, one of the Bulawayo Scorpions, suffered a deep gash on his forehead after being punched by one of the bouncers who reportedly used a knuckle duster.
Terminator, who also provided security at the show, blamed the police for not arresting the violent bouncers.
“Police did nothing; they just stood there and watched as if they were watching a movie. They even ordered Fawcett, the security company that had been hired, not to use the dogs that they had for security,” said Terminator.
He said the Harare bouncers, whom he said were from Mbare, had grudges with some of the bouncers who were at the HICC.
“When they got to the VIP entrance, they demanded to be let into the venue saying they wanted to see Mugo. Mugo is one of the bouncers that we work with from Harare as we do not go it alone at these shows.
“These bouncers were likely frustrated because they usually move around with Ginimbi, but at the Davido show, he dropped them because of their rowdy behaviour. Instead of people buying tickets for $40, these bouncers can charge half price and pocket the money at the expense of the promoter,” Terminator said.
However, Terminator said they were able to deal with the rowdy bouncers who eventually made their way into the venue through the general entry points.
“They got in but didn't stay long as Mugo was in the VVIP section and they couldn't access him.”
Ginimbi, by hiring the Bulawayo Scorpions to man the entry points, was likely trying to avoid falling into the trap that the late Prince Tendai was snared in, in 2010 when he recorded massive losses after the Akon and Sean Paul show.
Thousands of people attended that show but bouncers apparently let people in for paltry amounts and pocketed most of the gate takings. Davido's debut show in Belgravia a few years back also suffered the same leakages when bouncers were seen letting in fans for small amounts. Chronicle
A source close to Tyrese Gibson's ex-wife Norma Gibson tells Page Six that his claims that they didn't marry for love are utter nonsense.
In an interview with the “Rickey Smiley Morning Show,” Tyrese overshared his personal business once again by revealing that he only married Norma for one specific reason — a green card.
“He's lying as always,” the source said. “He tried to get her back before he was engaged … He's furious she wouldn't come back to him.”
The insider also claims Tyrese is after full custody of their child, Shayla.
“We had an angel, but I married you to keep you in the country. I never married you because I was happily married,” Tyrese said in the interview.
“You're from London. I married you because we had a baby on the way and I had to do whatever I had to do so I'm not traveling all the way to London just to spend quality time with my baby. So now you're running around painting this picture, like we are [whistles ‘Bridal Chorus'], like bro we got married and there was like seven people there. Like, I am the flashiest, flamboyant dude other than Floyd Mayweather. I am the flashiest. There's nothing about me that's low-key and quiet. You know that I married her to keep her in the country.”
Peep his appearance on Rickey Smiley via the clip above. His admission left many wondering if he had confessed to marriage fraud, which is a felony in the US.
OTHER NEWS YOU MIGHT HAVE MISSED: Diddy, Beyonce, Drake & The Weeknd are Forbes' Highest Paid Musicians of 2017
The part-time singer and “Fast & Furious” franchise actor also addressed the abuse allegations Norma raised against him.
“It was the randomest, the craziest thing ever,” Tyrese said of waking up to Norma's claims on Sept. 11. “It traumatized me forever.”
In related news, after weeks of staying quiet about Tyrese slamming him over his involvement with the “Fast and Furious” franchise, Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson is finally addressing his critics.
Johnson spoke in an exclusive interview with Entertainment Weekly where he responded to a lot of the controversy surrounding his decision to participate in a spinoff based on the franchise that will see his Lucas Hobbs character go up against Jason Statham's Deckard Shaw.
“It's been a challenging process because I feel like my intention from day one, when I first joined the cast, was to hopefully come in, have fun, and create a character that people will hopefully like and try to elevate the franchise,” Johnson told the outlet. “But in the process of elevating the franchise, I have always thought that in order for this to have real longevity and legs, we should spin out and create characters that can live on their own.”
SOURCE: EURweb.com
Article Courtesy of EURweb
Picture Courtesy of The Rickey Smiley Morning Show
Romania's lower house of parliament voted 168 to 97 in favor of controversial changes to the country's penal code on Wednesday.
The amendments were approved at lightning speed — passing through the legislative process within a week — and come on the heels of a Supreme Court decision finding ruling Social Democrat party leader Liviu Dragnea guilty on charges of abuse of office.
A look at the changes
Abuse of office is no longer a crime under certain circumstances.
Prosecutors must now have to prove without a doubt that the defendant committed the deed for his or her own benefit, or to benefit their close relatives.
Officials who make less than 1,900 lei (€407; $476) while committing their crime would not be prosecuted.
The maximum jail sentence for abuse of office has been knocked down from seven to five years.
Those convicted of abuse of office who are over 60-years-old would now only serve a third of their prison sentence.
The opposition says the reforms are part of an effort to overturn Dragnea's conviction
How this could impact Dragnea's conviction
The 55-year-old leader of the ruling Social Democrats was found guilty by the Supreme Court last month of inciting others to commit an abuse of office. He was sentenced to three and a half years in prison.
The case concerned a fake jobs scandal, where he kept two women on the payroll of a state agency from 2006-2013 although they were employed by his party at the time.
Dragnea, considered to be Romania's most powerful politician, would stand to benefit from the rule changes since he was not found guilty of committing a crime that benefited himself or any of his close relatives.
Left-wing coalition defends reforms: The left-wing ruling coalition has said the reforms are necessary to stop "abuses" from parts of the judiciary. They argue that Romania has a much harsher criminal law compared to other European Union member states and the changes will help prevent people from going to prison for minor crimes.
President Iohannis has refused to sign off on the laws, saying he wants them challenged in the constitutional court
President decries 'dictatorship' of ruling party: Romanian President Klaus Iohannis slammed the parliament's decision on Wednesday. He and the center-right opposition contest that the penal code reforms are an attempt to overturn Dragnea's prison sentence.
"What we've seen these days is called dictatorship of the majority and is profoundly harmful for democracy," Iohannis said in a statement.
EU voices concern: A spokesman with the European Commission said it will examine the final text of the bill to see if it is compatible with EU law. He said the European Commission "will not hesitate to take action where necessary to ensure such compatibility."
Last week, 12 countries issued a joint warning to Romania that the proposed judicial reforms could "impede international law enforcement cooperation." Anti-corruption investigators in Romania have said over 200 corruption cases involving abuse of office could be thrown out under the new reforms.
Latest round of judicial reforms: In June, parliament also passed another raft of laws that altered the penal code, including limiting criminal investigations to one year and forcing courts to throw out certain types of wiretapping evidence. The amendments also limit the number of offences for which a suspect can be held in pre-trial detention.
What happens next: The bill will not likely go into effect for now, as Iohannis would be the one to sign it into law and he shows no interest in doing so. The president and the opposition have said they will challenge the bill at the constitutional court.
Watch video 04:01 Now live 04:01 mins. Share The fight against corruption in Romania Send Facebook google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink https://p.dw.com/p/2rMF3 The fight against corruption in Romania
rs/kms (AFP, dpa, Reuters)
Each evening at 1830 UTC, DW's editors send out a selection of the day's hard news and quality feature journalism. You can sign up to receive it directly here.
The major brawl between players from the Philippines' Gilas Pilipinas and Australia's Boomers took place in the third quarter of the basketball game.
A @FIBA World Cup qualifying game between Australia and the Philippines has erupted into shocking all-in fist fight in the Philippine Arena in Bocaue, Bulacan. https://t.co/fmWYIwdimR #7News pic.twitter.com/8ptmpWLv8Q — 7 News Melbourne (@7NewsMelbourne) July 2, 2018
A game of basketball turned ugly when players from the Philippines' Gilas Pilipinas and Australia's Boomers got involved in a massive brawl during the game.
Players from both the teams got in a fist fight exchanging punches, kicks and throwing chairs at each other during the FIBA World Cup qualifier game.
The violent scuffle broke out in the third quarter of the game on Monday night at the Philippine Arena in Bocaue, Bulacan.
It all started with only four minutes remaining in the third quarter, when Roger Pogoy from the Philippines team shoved Australian basketball player Chris Goulding on the ground. At this point, the Boomers were already way ahead of the Gilas with a comfortable 79-48 lead.
Australian player Daniel Kickert rushed to Pogoy and elbowed him knocking him down on the floor after noticing the foul. However, as soon as Kickert shoved Pogoy down on the ground, the remaining Filipino players lost their temper.
They rained down punches at Kickert and pushed him out of the basketball court.
Then Thon Maker, who was playing for the Australian national team, joined in the brawl and tried to land a flying kick at Terrence Romeo of Gilas.
The madness came to an end after a minute when security intervened and separated both the team players who were viciously attacking each other.
Then an aggressive fan came forward and punched one of the Australian players, followed by another violent Philippine supporter, who was captured on video throwing a chair at a visiting player.
“I just want to appeal to everybody to settle down. We're hosting this game and this is basketball. Please respect the game and make our visitors feel safe in the arena,” Samahang Basketbol ng Pilipinas president Al Panlilio said, trying to calm down the crowd and players.
After the clash, a total of 13 players were expelled from the game. Nine were from Gilas and four from the Boomers team.
This left the Gilas team with only three players to complete the remaining game. Two of the players, Fajardo and Norwood, fouled out intentionally and the referees were left with no option but to announce Australia as victorious with a score of 89-53.
Chot Reyes, the Filipino team coach defended his team after the brawl, saying, “I understand the disappointment,” he told reporters after the game. “I understand that some are embarrassed, but you don't know what happened. You have to be in the team. You have to be in our circle to really understand what went down.”
Soon after the vicious brawl, the Gilas team was pictured taking a selfie, as if what they had done needed a celebration.
This just happened. After one of the wildest on-court brawls in recent memory, the Philippines team pauses to pose for a selfie, like there's something to celebrate pic.twitter.com/fTXAaBA5lp — Mitchell Scott (@WhippingBoySEN) July 2, 2018
People on social media condemned the Filipino team's actions.
Embarassing… — Jimmy Alapag (@JAlapag3) July 2, 2018
Unfortunate series of events that took place tonight. Heat of the battle and emotions won out, but in the end we strive to show the best of who WE are. — Gabe Norwood (@GNorwood5) July 2, 2018
Stuff at the end is disgusting https://t.co/lDUuKSxBz9 — William Lou (@william_lou) July 2, 2018
Terrible look. — Barry Kelly (@bazakel) July 2, 2018
ICYMI: There was a FIBA Brawl yesterday between the Philippines and Australia that included @Bucks, @ThonMaker14 trying to throw flying kicks. Here is the clip below, sad that things get way out of control sometimes on the professional level. #RFOTDhttps://t.co/oKmSvwiO1L — Brad Cieslewicz (@BradC_WSAW) July 3, 2018
Some users thought Filipino team was not wrong, because the Australians had apparently hurled racial slurs at them earlier and then elbowed one of their players.
Not ashamed of the Gilas team tho. It might be the worst way, but fighting for your brothers is not a mistake. ???????? — @bato (@bato20167606) July 3, 2018
Have you watched the game??? The filipino player committed a hard offensive against an australian player and that kickert intentionally elbowed him!!! And you're saying the filipinos started the fight??????? If fiba bans philippines then australia should be banned too!!!!!! — JULIUS LABRAGUE (@JULIUSLABRAGUE) July 4, 2018
The International Basketball Federation (FIBA) took to social media announcing it was opening disciplinary proceedings against both teams.
Following the incident that occured in the third quarter of the Philippines-Australia game on Monday in the FIBA Basketball World Cup 2019 Asian Qualifiers, FIBA will now open disciplinary proceedings against both teams. The decision(s) will be communicated in the coming days. — FIBA media (@FIBA_media) July 2, 2018
“We are extremely disappointed with what happened and our role in it. This is not the spirit in which sport should be played and certainly not in the spirit in which we aim to play basketball. We apologize to our fans and will await the penalties to be handed down,” stated Anthony Moore, the chief executive of Basketball Australia.
Later, Maker from Australia also apologized for his behavior.
Read More Chinese Soccer Team Goes Berserk, Attacks Opponents After Losing
Thumbnail/Banner Image: Pet Salvador/AFP/Getty Images
KOICA volunteers with support from Korean International Development Agency (KOICA) completed a project for management and operation in tourism industry in Sauraha Chitwan. The total budget of the project is US$ 23638.50.
According to a press release issued by KOICA, the project was successfully completed with the joint effort of Ratnanagar Municipality, Green Society Nepal, a local NGO and KOICA's volunteers. The project aim in supporting to create sustainable and viable employment opportunity for economically backward and disabled and single widow mothers so that they can lead a better life by focusing on tourism industry and improve their standard of leaving.
For this dry run ahead of the 2019 World Cup, it's long established that Paddy Jackson would feature at outhalf against Japan on Saturday at the Shizuoka Ecopa Stadium but Joe Schmidt is also expected to name Simon Zebo at fullback and Andrew Conway on the right wing.
That means Tiernan O'Halloran and new cap Jacob Stockdale will make way. Jackson, who missed the US leg of this tour due to personal reasons, was always going to replace Joey Carbery, even before the 21-year-old suffered another ankle injury but an unchanged pack is a statement of intent entering this two match series.
“I think there'll be a little bit of continuity,” Ireland assistant coach Richie Murphy had confirmed.
“We didn't come over with the idea of making changes just to keep everyone happy. The first match here is going to be very tough. Japan is a good side, play some really good rugby so we'll try to keep some of the combinations we had, and just freshen it up a little at the same time.”
Changes are coming on the bench. James Tracy replaces Dave Heffernan as hooker cover, Finlay Bealham appears to have ousted Andrew Porter and, as Schmidt indicated after the 55-19 victory over the USA, Kieran Treadwell will make his debut at second row.
On merit, James Ryan and Porter deserve another run but it is envisaged that both have long international careers ahead of them. The former only featured in his first senior match as a professional last weekend, the latter has scrummed just six times as a tighthead (four of them for UCD).
Ireland's primary foe will be the stifling humidity promised by a 2pm kick-off (6am Irish time). It reached 33 degrees in Harrison, New Jersey last Saturday but the callow American opponents failed to make Schmidt's young side sweat.
“Yeah, it was warm, tough to breathe, and from what I hear it'll be even warmer this week,” said Josh van der Flier, who discarded that famous red scrum cap.
“Yeah, I tried it during the week and it was too warm, so I thought it'd be a bit more comfortable without it. It's the first time in about 15 years I haven't worn it. I'll probably take it off this week if it's too hot again.”
Despite mounting injuries, this remains a decent Japanese side – even if the administrational side of rugby in the country leaves a lot to be desired two years out from their World Cup. As it currently stands there will be no wifi at the 50,889 capacity Shizuoka Ecopa stadium, which is one of 12 venues eventually listed for 2019, on Saturday.
Last chance
At least they are well coached now. Tony Brown has begun translating his attacking playbook while Jamie Joseph laid the groundwork for the grunt displayed by the Highlanders in victory over the Lions last Tuesday morning.
The 28-year-old New Zealand-born flanker Michael Leitch, a regular for the Chiefs in Super Rugby, is supported by Tongan number eight Amanaki Mafi in a menacing backrow while Fumiaki Tanaka is a proven scrumhalf in Super Rugby with the Highlanders and more recently the Sunwolves.
Another Kiwi, Sean Reidy, who qualifies for Ireland via his Kerry grandmother, arrived from Auckland this week to replace the injured Tommy O'Donnell.
For many this could be their last chance to wear a green jersey before the World Cup. Bealham is one such player as John Ryan's dominant scrummaging for Munster, coupled with the rise of Porter, is putting severe strain on the Australian, who is Irish-qualified via an Enniskillen grandmother.
Factor in the situation Tadhg Furlong and Jack McGrath find themselves in New Zealand, and the Irish propping department has never looked so healthy.
Bealham, Conway, the uncapped Rory O'Loughlin, Ulster-bound scrumhalf John Cooney, Jack O'Donoghue, Reidy, Treadwell and of course Jackson are the tourists without any minutes so far.
In other Tokyo stories, a fully clothed group of Irish players and coaches took in the early morning sumo training at Musashigawa-beya in Edogawa ward on Wednesday. John Gunning, an Irish photographer and former sumo wrestler, helped facilitate the visit.
Fascinatingly, on the sushi front, scrumhalf Kiernan Marmion provided a glimpse into life as a professional rugby player: “We don't really get to choose what we get to eat most days. The Ireland nutritionist puts out what we have to eat. It's all been good so far and all really enjoyable. We just eat what we get given.”
So do we Kieran.
IRELAND (possible): S Zebo; A Conway, G Ringrose, L Marshall, K Earls; P Jackson, K Marmion; C Healy, N Scannell, J Ryan; Q Roux, D Toner; R Ruddock (capt), J van der Flier, J Conan. Replacements: D Kilcoyne, F Bealham, J Tracy, K Treadwell, D Leavy, L McGrath, R Scannell, J Stockdale/T O'Halloran.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
England fans declared the World Cup knockout curse over after the Three Lions' dramatic penalty shootout win over Colombia.
Midfielder Eric Dier slotted home the winning spot kick to confirm England's place in the last eight of the tournament, sending the relatively few England fans in the stadium and nearby bar into raptures.
The national side's first knockout win in 12 years and only the second shootout win in eight attempts, along with a quarter final draw against Sweden, had many supporters believing "football's coming home".
Nobody celebrated as intensely as Ross Kemp, though.
The EastEnders star left many terrified as he celebrated England's win topless on Twitter.
Ross shared a photo of himself with his war face on, tweeting: "It's not just a game believe #COLENG #EnglandvColombia."
"You will never know what that means to me, that is everything. EVERYTHING. We love you!" he later added, when England had won.
Kemp dropped an f-bomb and thanked the England players in a string of tweets.
Naturally, the bizarre antics went down well with England fans on Twitter.
Supporters of The Three Lions were quick to comment.
"Anyone else goes to bed with the image of Ross Kemp shouting at you?" one asked.
Another wrote: "I like Ross Kemp holding in an F-Bomb while drunk, naked and shouting. Like putting on a napkin to eat out of the bin."
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Kensington Palace tweeted the team congratulations from the Duke of Cambridge, signing the tweet W.
The apparently personal message from the president of the Football Association said: "I couldn't be prouder of @england - a victory in a penalty shootout! You have well and truly earned your place in the final eight of the £worldcup? ?and you should know the whole country is right behind you for Saturday! Come on England! W."
Former England striker Gary Lineker tweeted: "Football. There is nothing like it. Nothing."
Fellow former Three Lions star Alan Shearer simply said: "Yesssssssss boys yeeesss yes yes £RUSSIA-2018 @England."
Alastair and Gillian Robertson, who moved to Moscow from Sevenoaks, in Kent, for work 18 months ago, spoke of their delight at seeing the hoodoo lifted.
Mr Robertson, 44, said: "If England can win a penalty for the first time in I don't know how many years - 50 years of hurt, we win on penalties then we can go all the way.
"And the next round Sweden, all respect to Sweden it's going to be a great game but I think our boys will step up."
Barney Corkhill, 26, who is originally from Bath but lives in Peckham, south-east London, agreed.
He said: "At full time I was telling people around me, 'Yes we are going to win on penalties' - I didn't believe it.
"I actually predicted we would get knocked out to Colombia in the last 16 so I was already worried.
"It's coming home, isn't it?
"This round is looking very nice for us - Sweden is the best chance and then hopefully Russia gets through and we play them in the semi-final.
"Russia-England semi-final would be brilliant out here. I think people would be worried about coming out because of the trouble, but from what I've seen, there won't be any trouble.
"And then we beat Brazil in the final and it's home - it is easy."
Brendan Collins, 30, described the match as an "emotional rollercoaster".
"We won and to win on penalties was probably a massive boost to the ego," Mr Collins, who is originally from Manchester but has lived in Stavropol for 18 months and Russia on and off for five years, said.
"When it went to penalties, we had a lot of people around us like, 'hmmm'.
"But it's broken the curse now, it's coming home.
"I think given the penalties have broken the curse, we're going all the way - 2-1 in the final against France."
Jay Kumar, 55, from Northolt, west London, and his friend Johnny Rai, 59, from Hayes, west London, had to settle for watching the game in a bar packed with Colombia fans near the Spartak Stadium.
Inside the arena, the lowest number of England fans since the Tunisia game - officially numbering 2,225 - were drowned out by their rivals until after the game, when the players went over to take selfies and share the special moment with them.
England is now joint second favourites alongside France to win the tournament at just 4/1, according bookmakers Ladbrokes.
Brazil remain favourites at 11/4, while Harry Kane is odds-on at 1/4 to bring home the coveted Golden Boot.
Jessica Bridge, of Ladbrokes, said: "We might as well hand over the keys to the company now."
Two kittens thrown out of car onto Auckland motorway in 'despicable act' - do you know who did it?
One kitten is dead and the SPCA want to find out who did this.
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump says Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin (mih-NOO'-shin) will soon travel to China for talks as the two global economic powers deal with trade tensions.
Trump says during a White House news conference with French President Emmanuel Macron that Mnuchin will be going to China "in a few days to negotiate on trade." Trump says the U.S. and China are "very serious" and is reiterating plans to impose tariffs up to $100 billion more on Chinese goods.
Trump says the U.S. "will continue unless we make a trade deal." But he adds, "I think we've got a very good chance of making a deal."
Mnuchin has expressed optimism that the countries could avoid a trade war. He met last week with financial officials from China, Japan and Europe.
Chief Ombudsman Peter Boshier has sided with the Government over its refusal to release a coalition document between Labour and NZ First, saying that Jacinda Ardern has it as the Labour Party leader and not as Prime Minister.
The Opposition has been hounding ministers over the 33-page document, demanding that the public have a right to know what is in it and reminding the Government of its commitment to openness and transparency.
But Ardern has maintained that it is not official information, and that any policy will be released if and when that policy is officially adopted by the Government.
NZ First leader Winston Peters alluded to the document in late October, saying that Ardern would eventually release it.
Advertisement
He described it as "a document of precision on various areas of policy commitment and development".
"These are directives to ministers with accountability and media strategies to ensure that the coalition works, not in a jealous, envious way, 'We got this and they got that', but as a Government successively, cohesively working."
A Newsroom request for the document under the Official Information Act was declined, saying the document did not hold any official information. It was appealed to the Chief Ombudsman, whose provisional decision was made public this morning.
Newsroom reported that Boshier said in his decision the document contained discussion points for negotiations, but did not contain directives to ministers.
Boshier said he was satisfied that the information was held by Ardern "solely in her capacity as Leader of the New Zealand Labour Party".
Ardern's office had told Boshier: "It has played no part in policy decisions, and is not available to ministers as reference material when making official decisions."
Newsroom has made further submissions to the Chief Ombudsman, arguing for the document's release.
Boshier said today that the decision was a provisional one and stressed that his office was still investigating.
"I want to do a thorough job on this investigation. Any suggestion that I have reached a conclusion on this issue is premature."
Boshier said Ombudsmen's investigations followed a pattern.
"As with all cases, I investigate, form a provisional opinion and then seek the views of the people who have requested the information.
"In this particular case, I received the requesters' comments last night and I plan to consider their points carefully before I issue a final opinion."
​
Creating new horizons in meeting the needs of both practitioners and researchers internationally through world's leading Wound Care Conferences
Wound healing conferences gatherings can accumulate Wound Care Researchers and professionals from more than 40 countries to share their insight, experience and ability through a progression of keynotes, Plenary Talks, Workshops, Symposiums and Exhibitions. At this outset, Conference series LLC's Wound Care Conferences aims to raise certain fundamental questions to the global scientific community and policymakers to pay attention, expecting their immediate response.
The global wound care market is expanded from a price of US$7.53 billion in 2013 to US$10.16 billion in 2020, at a CAGR of 4.5% from 2014 to 2020. The major factors liable for this growth are rise in chronic diseases, growth of geriatric population, and continuous increase in Wound Care expenditure and patient awareness, rising incidence of wound infections, and high demand from emergency care and ICU staff. Investing in emerging techniques and focusing on the development of combination wound care products is projected to enhance the growth of the wound care market.
This reflects the grave realities and necessities for the Wound care Nurses to make the best use of science and technology in delivering cost-effective and high quality services by systematically evaluating their outcomes, in terms of individual benefits and consumer satisfaction to improve the public health.
Our Advances in skin and Wound Care conferences for the year 2018 aims to promote research in Wound care and other related disciplines for the physical and mental welfare and rehabilitation of the patients. This obviously involves Wound care Physicians from all over the globe. Our primary objective is to promote and coordinate Modernization and Innovations in Wound Care Technologies to encourage knowledge transfer related to the best medical and clinical practices so that the Wound care Physicians are conscious in offering reliable and high quality services.
Our Wound healing Conferences 2018 provides Continuing Medical Education (CME) credits, which is a basic professional requirement for the nurses. It also offers excellent networking opportunities to multiply your academic, professional and research contacts, essential for the advancement of your career, as the wound care conference opens up many avenues to meet and learn from the experiences of colleagues across the nation.
Through our series of Woundcare and nursing conferences we provide an international forum to nurses, wound care specialists, physicians, pharmacologists, academic researchers, surgeons, Diabetologists, nutritionists, oncologists, psychologists to enhance their clinical take after by pinpointing potential clinical uses of the most up to date Wound care examination, and disseminate research findings of particular interest to practicing nurses.
Conference Series focuses on themes suitable to meet the needs of Wound care professionals of all levels by including palliative and rehabilitative care to meet the individual as well as wound healing needs to improve the health of millions of individuals in any setting. Our top rated not to miss conferences include; Public Health, Epidemiology, Occupational Health, Geriatrics-Gerontology, Wound Care, Hospital Management, General Practice etc. World renowned scientists, Noble laureates and scholars in their respective fields grace our events as keynote speakers, panel experts, and organizing committee members.
Conference Series contains a long-standing tradition of honouring and rising early career researchers of nursing and health care profession through Student Ambassador Program and Young researcher Forum (YRF)
Conference Series is pioneer in organizing Academic, Scientific and Business conferences, meetings, symposiums and exhibitions on a cross-section of fields like Medical, Pharmaceutical, Engineering, Science and Technology to promote scientific research. Every year we host more than 3000+ International Conferences in the USA, Europe, Middle East and Asia with the generous support and cooperation from our 50000+ Editorial Board Members, 1000+ Scientific Societies. All the conference proceedings are published as special issues in our 1000+ Open Access International Journals with the DOI provided by CROSSREF.
For more details
Contact
Catherine Jones| Wound Care Conferences
702-508-5200 (8050)
Email: woundcarecongress@healthconferences.org
Iranian female kickboxer Farinaz Lari on conquering the ring Boxers Muhammad Ali and Mike Tyson are among the w [...]
Record number of women running in Iraq elections Women making up over a third of those in the runni [...]
A 17 year old boy of Chadiza District has been detained at Chadiza police Station for allegedly defiling a 13 year old girl.
Chadiza District Commissioner George Phiri who ordered for the detention of the boy confirmed the development to Zambia News and Information Services in Chadiza.
This is after the District Commissioner George Phiri found the named girl who is a grade eight at Kabvumo basic school locked up in a classroom after she was apprehended for running away from her parents' home on the pretence that she was going for evening studies when in the actual fact she went to the boy's hut where she spent the whole night with him.
Mr. Phiri ordered for both the girl and boy to be taken to his office for counselling and it was whilst the two were being counselled at the DCs office when the boy submitted that he had canal knowledge of the girl but he insisted that he had used a condom.
The district commissioner then handed both the girl and the boy to the police Victims Support Unit where he directed that medicals should be done and if possible the boy should be arrested for defilement.
The boy is still in police custody waiting for the medical report for the girl to be handed over to the police.
Mark Warburton has called on Rangers to answer questions put to them by the League Managers Association as he reiterated his position that he did not resign from the club.
In a joint statement with David Weir and Frank McParland, the deposed Rangers management team expressed their surprise that the club had not addressed the questions posed to them.
Rangers announced on Friday they had accepted the trio's resignations and Graeme Murty took the team during Sunday's William Hill Scottish Cup win over Morton.
The statement, released by the LMA, read: “Much has been said over the last few days relating to our departure from Rangers Football Club.
“At this stage, for legal reasons, it is inappropriate for us to comment in any great detail on our departure from the club.
“However, given that the club has seen fit to make detailed public statements, it is important that we should clarify certain matters and as such we would like to formally place on record, that at no stage did we resign from our positions at Rangers.
“It is a matter of surprise to us, and to the League Managers Association (LMA), which is advising all three of us, that despite its detailed public statements, the club has not answered key questions put to it by the LMA, in writing, requesting an explanation of why it suggested that we resigned from our positions.”
Rangers released a statement on Friday that claimed manager Warburton, assistant Weir and head of recruitment McParland had come to an agreement to leave the club via their joint representative.
Chairman Dave King followed that up on Saturday with a lengthy update which criticised Warburton for his response to boardroom scrutiny and accused him of a lack of commitment to the club.
King claimed that after a meeting, their agent “subsequently offered that Mark, David and Frank would resign with immediate effect without compensation as long as the club, in turn, agreed to waive compensation from any new club that they signed for.
ADVERTISEMENT
“After discussion the board accepted this offer and employment was immediately terminated. In order for us to achieve our ambitions we need employees that, like your board members, will always put Rangers first.
“While we were dealing with the admin and press releases relating to the resignation the agent again contacted us and asked to defer the resignation until the management had secured a new club.
“I assume that the new deal had somehow collapsed at the last minute.
“The board met to consider this request but resolved to hold them to the original agreement.”
The issue looks set to run and run and could end up in the courts given the distance between both versions of events.
In the meantime, Rangers are searching for a new management team, which could include a director of football, while Warburton, Weir and McParland could be in limbo until the legal issues are settled.
They took the opportunity to thank players and fans for their support during their time with the club.
Their statement added: “For all three of us, it was an absolute privilege to be given the opportunity to work at a club that is so rich in tradition and history.
“It was an honour to be given the responsibility of returning the club to the top tier of Scottish football and we are very proud to have played our part in successfully securing promotion back to the Scottish Premiership.
“Winning the Petrofac Scottish Challenge Cup and beating Celtic, in a memorable semi-final to reach the Scottish Cup Final, are experiences we will never forget.
“We sincerely thank the Rangers fans for their unwavering passion and dedication. We had the good fortune to meet so many outstanding individuals and supporters of the club and we will always value their words of encouragement. We wish them great success for the seasons ahead.
“The current group of players, together with the staff at the training ground and Ibrox, have borne the huge weight of responsibility of taking a massive club back to the top flight. They should be proud of their togetherness and their work ethic.
“It has been a pleasure to work with them, and we would like to thank each and every one of them for their commitment and contribution.”
WIN TICKETS TO SANTA CRUZ BEACH BOARDWALK,
FROM ALICE!
Warm sand, cool surf and the hot new ride Shockwave! Summer's here and the admission free
Boardwalk is open daily.
Check out beachboardwalk.com for great ride discounts and get to the beach! Recognized as the best seaside amusement park in the world, the Boardwalk features over 40 rides and attractions, a mile long beach, games, shops, and classic fun boardwalk food.
Win a family four packs of UNLIMITED RIDES to
Santa Cruz Beach Boardwalk From Alice!
Fill out the entry form below for your chance to win.
Industry Overview:
Global Aircraft Seating Market Research Report – Forecast to 2021 – Market Analysis, Scope, Stake, Progress, Trends and Forecast up to 2021
B/E Aerospace, Zodiac Aerospace S.A., Geven S.P.A., Aviointeriors, Sogerma S.A., Acro Aircraft Seating Ltd., Haeco Americas, ZIM Flugsitz GmbH, Aviationscouts GmbH, and Recaro Aircraft Seating Gmbh & Co. Kg. are some of the prominent players at the forefront of competition in the Global Market of Aircraft Seating and are profiled in MRFR Analysis.
Aircraft or Airplane Seating is of paramount priority for Airline companies when it comes to leveraging added comfort to enhance travel experience of their passengers. Airline companies, while investing significantly on Aircraft Component & Engine MRO and technology upgrade; are also considering economics, and ergonomics of cabin furnishings to ensure Air Traveller's Comfort. Airplane Seating Market is gaining a huge traction worldwide owing to the increased Air Travel rate. Recently, most of the Airline companies are seen making huge investments in modifying cabin interior and seating arrangements. Some of them are offering more comfortable luxurious lie-flat business class seating while some are adding extra row of economy seating; at the same time some are introducing Recaro Aircraft Seating.
Accreditation the rising investment activities transpiring in the Airline Industry lately; the Market Research Future promptly published a thorough study report giving out the complete market prognosis till 2021. According to which, The Aircraft Seating Market is projected to grow at the rapid pace demonstrating an aggrandized expansion by registering ~ 13% of a CAGR during 2016-2021.
Over the last decade, the Aviation or Airline industry has been witnessing a robust growth, owing to the increased diversification among airlines worldwide. The passenger traffic is expanding exponentially, despite a slight slowdown in the global economy. In recent years, the large aviation markets, such as the U.S., Europe, and Asia have witnessed increased expenses by passengers, due to the rising per capita income in these regions coupled with increasing rate of business travels. This in turn has resulted in the expansion of the aviation industry. Moreover, air travel has been made easier and convenient by the low-cost carriers, whilst airline companies are extending their services to various geographic locations. Due to which Air travel is increasing eventually, fostering the global aviation industry. To suffice this heightened demand of global Air travel; Airline companies are increasing their fleet numbers & size. While industry players operating in the Aircraft Seating market; are answering this increased demand in the best possible way by offering aircraft interiors innovations & radical improvements such as Body-friendly Seating etc.
Competitive Analysis
Characterized by the presence of several major well-established players, the global Market of Aircraft Seating appears to be highly competitive. Well established players incorporate acquisition, collaboration, partnership, expansion, and technology launch in order to gain competitive advantage in this market and to maintain their market position. Strategic partnerships between Key players support the growth and expansion plans of the key players during the forecast period. The Key players operating in the market compete based on pricing, technology, reputation and services. These vendors are committed to deliver reliable, leading-edge products and services.
Industry/ Innovation/ Related News
November 2017 – Delta Air Lines announced that it will offer lie-flat business-class seating on domestic flights on six more routes next year as customer service on US domestic long-haul flights continues to become more competitive.
November 2017 – AUSTRALIA'S largest budget airline commenced a bold plan to squeeze more seats onto its planes. An extra row of economy seating has been fitted into 43 of Jetstar's A320 fleet by rearranging the toilets and reducing the galley space.
November 2017 – Singapore Airlines unveiled new Airbus A380economy-class seats, which will be introduced by the end of the year. The seats, Recaro Aircraft Seating's CL3710, will also be used on the carrier's A350 and Boeing 787-10aircraft in 2018. According to Recaro, the “highly customized seat back and special padding will ensure exceptional passenger comfort.
For further information on this report, visit @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/aircraft-seating-market-1275
Regional & Country Analysis
In 2015, there were around 22,000 aircraft in service, the majority of them from North America. This figure is likely to double in the next 20 years to reach around 40,000 aircraft. Improved affordability and accessibility will stimulate demand for air travel in established markets and meet the emerging travel needs of the growing middle-class population in the region. By 2021, EMEA is likely to lead the market with a market share of around 38%, followed by Americas and APAC. In APAC region, there were around 6,000 aircraft in service in 2015 which is expected to have around 13,460 new aircraft over the next two decades. These factors will drive the demand for aircraft seating market.
 The American Red Cross is seeking nominations from the community for the “Hometown Heroes” program.
Nominations will be accepted until Feb...
North Korean rockets tipped with a nuclear warhead now have the capacity to strike Germany and central Europe, a top official with the Federal Intelligence Service (BND) told lawmakers last week, German media reported on Sunday.
Watch video 01:41 Share Korea: Ready to talk Send Facebook Google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink http://p.dw.com/p/2tnzC North Korea – ready to talk about nuclear disarmament
In a closed-door meeting, BND Deputy Director Ole Diehl told members of parliament there is "certainty" that North Korea could now "reach Europe and Germany with its missiles," according to the Bild am Sonntag newspaper, which first reported the briefing, citing participants.
Diehl also told lawmakers that the BND considers talks between North and South Korea a positive step. There was no immediate comment from the BND in response to the media reports.
Meanwhile, negotiations were set to convene in Finland between a senior North Korean official and representatives of the United States and South Korea, according to the South Korean Yonhap news agency. Over the weekend, officials from the US, Japan and South Korea met in Seoul to discuss the complete denuclearization of the peninsula.
Pursuing nuclear weapons
The talks are the latest in a series of diplomatic encounters ahead of a possible US-North Korea summit in May.
Watch video 03:25 Share Korea: History of a divided nation Send Facebook Google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink http://p.dw.com/p/2qayc Korea: History of a divided nation
North Korea is pursuing its nuclear and missile programs despite sanctions imposed by the UN Security Council. Pyongyang has made no secret of its desire to develop missiles capable of striking the US mainland.
The North maintains that its programs are necessary to deter an invasion by the United States. The US denies such plans but maintains 28,500 troops in South Korea — a remnant of the Korean War, which never officially ended.
Tensions between North and South Korea have eased in recent weeks, in tune with North Korea's participation in last month's Winter Olympics in South Korea.
bik/mkg (Reuters)
Each evening at 1830 UTC, DW's editors send out a selection of the day's hard news and quality feature journalism. You can sign up to receive it directly here.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
These are the four men who planned to bring death to the streets of Birmingham by importing an arsenal of weapons to be jused on the city's streets.
Police have released pictures of the gang, which can be seen in the video above who were jailed for a combined time of almost 75 years after they imported guns into the country and concealed Glocks in their car.
The damning sentences are a result of a joint investigation by the Regional Organised Crime Unit (ROCU), Warwickshire Police and West Mercia Police.
Lee Cullen, 46, of The Avenue, Stratford-upon-Avon, Laurence McCarthy, 44, of Tiddington Close, Birmingham, Paul Frith, 43, of School Lane, Shard End, Birmingham and Sean Edwards, 36, of Roshven Road, Birmingham, all appeared at Birmingham Crown Court on Friday (29 June).
On 23 June 2017, a Vauxhall Insignia being driven by Paul Frith was stopped by officers in Birmingham.
Concealed in the boot were two Glock handguns and 25 rounds of live ammunition. Cullen and Edwards were passengers in the vehicle, and all three were arrested.
An investigation provided evidence that McCarthy had imported the weapons from France, and on 12 March 2017 he had ordered eight blank firing Glock replica pistols, which would later be converted in order to fire live ammunition.
He was arrested on 6 September 2017 in connection with the investigation.
All four were charged with conspiracy to supply prohibited firearms and ammunition.
On 23 March 2018 McCarthy was found guilty following a three week trial. The other three men had pleaded guilty during the final week of the trial to the same offences.
At Friday's court appearance, the following sentences were issued:
Lee Cullen - 21 years, eight months
Laurence McCarthy - 20 years
Paul Frith - 19 years
Sean Edwards - 14 years
Following the sentencing, Detective Inspector Gough from the West Midlands Regional and Organised Crime Unit, said: "We are pleased with this result which is the culmination of many months of investigation, working with colleagues across our region to tackle the problem of serious organised crime.
(Image: Handout)
"These men will now face substantial prison sentences for their involvement in these offences, and thanks to the diligence of officers and other investigating staff, we have been able to reduce the availability of weapons on our streets.
"I hope that this successful prosecution will encourage others who may have information regarding organised crime to come forward, and will send the message to those considering committing these offences that we will robustly investigate them and will ensure they are brought to justice."
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Stephen Davies, District Crown Prosecutor with West Midlands Crown Prosecution Service, said:“When originally arrested, Laurence McCarthy had claimed that the replica guns had been purchased for a ‘gangster and moll' party.
"However, this was a lie and in fact they were purchased in order to be re-activated and later sold to criminals.
“These four men all played a key part in this purchasing and converting of the firearms and therefore, they all have to take responsibility for the illegal actions which could have put innocent lives at risk.
“The CPS and our colleagues in the criminal justice system are working together to not only identify, but robustly prosecute those who use and carry firearms as well as those who produce and supply such deadly weapons.”
In the last year, there's been a big drop in support for charter schools, while other forms of school choice are getting a little less unpopular. That's the top line of a national poll released today.
President Trump and his education secretary Betsy DeVos have put school choice front and center on their education agenda. The general idea of "choice," however, takes many forms.
Charter schools are paid for by tax dollars, charge no tuition and are managed independently of public school districts.
Vouchers allow students to use tax dollars to pay tuition at private schools.
Tax-credit scholarships, now available in 17 states, which allow individuals and companies to get a tax credit for donating to scholarship funds that are used in turn for private school tuition.
U.S. opinion on these ideas seems to be shifting, according to a new poll from EducationNext, an opinion and policy journal associated with free-market education reform ideas. They've been asking similar questions for the past decade.
Here are the latest results:
Charters: Last year 51 percent of the public supported "the formation of charter schools"; this year it's just 39 percent, a 12 point drop in one year.
Vouchers: 45 percent are either strongly or somewhat supportive of universal vouchers. That's a bounce from last year, but more or less in line with the five years before.
Tax credits: This was the most popular form of school choice with 55 percent of the general public supporting this year; also a one-year bounce, but in line with longer-term trends.
There's no one obvious explanation for the change in opinion on charter schools. The drop was seen among both Democrats and Republicans and amongst all racial and ethnic groups.
"That's the largest change on any survey item, and one of the largest single-year changes in opinion that we've seen over the 11-year history of the survey," Martin West, the editor-in-chief of EducationNext, said on a press conference call.
The wording of the question — about the formation of charter schools — may hold a clue. In theory, it might be possible to have very positive feelings about the charter schools currently in your community, yet still oppose new ones.
And the expansion of charters is exactly what communities around the country have been fighting over.
Last year the NAACP and Black Lives Matter called for a moratorium on the growth of charter schools (the NAACP called more recently for a ban on for-profit management of these schools). The state of Massachusetts saw a bruising fight over its charter cap. Detroit's proliferation of charters has been labeled "a glut" and "chaos." And charter expansion was the central issue in the school board race in Los Angeles, one of the biggest public school districts in the country.
The nationally representative poll breaks down respondents by political party, and there's a clear partisan divide on many issues, even as public opinion shifts. Last year, for example, 57 percent of Democrats favored universal vouchers, against 45 percent of Republicans. This year they've switched places: 62 percent of Republicans like them and only 50 percent of Democrats agree.
Zeroing in on that political divide, pollsters also measured what they called the "Trump effect." That is, how do responses change when some people are told that the president supports or opposes a particular issue?
They found that self-identified Republicans are more likely to support an issue if they are informed that Trump also supports it, while Democrats are the opposite. However, Trump's net influence is nearly nil, which makes him less of a force than President Obama was in this poll in 2009. Back then, when respondents on all sides were told the new President supported an education issue, they were more likely to back it, by double digits.
This poll, then, serves as a snapshot of what some have called the breakdown of a long-standing bipartisan consensus on education that dated back to No Child Left Behind.
Still, there is one enduring issue where blue- and red-state opinions are near-identical: approval of the local public schools. 55 percent of Republicans and 54 percent of Democrats give local schools a B or an A.
The British icon of fashion has also spoken about why he is supporting homelessness charity Shelter.
Fashion designer Giles Deacon has said he would be “more than delighted” if he was given the chance to design Meghan Markle's wedding dress were she to walk down the aisle with Prince Harry.
The British couturier designed the bridal gown of Pippa Middleton, the sister of the Duchess of Cambridge, for her wedding to James Matthews earlier this year – a vintage-style lace number with a high neckline that won the appraisal of the fashion industry's harshest of critics.
While actress Markle and the royal are not engaged, speculation about another potential royal wedding refuses to be quashed, a year after their romance was confirmed.
Prince Harry and Meghan Markle (Danny Lawson/PA)
Asked if he would like to design Markle's bridal gown, Deacon told the Press Association: “If Meghan Markle was in any way interested, I would be more than delighted!”
He added: “I'm sure she's got plenty of other people on her list.”
Deacon, one of the UK's most prominent designers, added there is no one celebrity or public figure he is particularly keen to dress, explaining that his dream clients are the ones with the most passion for fashion.
“With all my clients I work with, they all have their absolute specialness about them,” he said, adding he is keen on “anybody who is very passionate in wanting something beautiful”.
“It's not really about the ‘celebrity', or anything like that.”
Pippa Middleton in her wedding dress designed by Giles Deacon, and her husband James Matthews (Arthur Edwards/The Sun/PA)
Something Deacon is certainly enthusiastic about is his backing of housing and homeless charity Shelter, for which he will head up a talk as part of its Gimme Shelter series of cultural events for autumn 2017, along with other leading figures in the UK art scene to raise awareness of the issues around homelessness.
Deacon will next week join print designer Anthony Burrill and contemporary photographer Juno Calypso for a night in conversation to discuss their work, using art for social change, the creative industries in the capital and how their creativity is impacted by the ongoing issues around housing.
Deacon said: “I've always been a big supporter of homeless charities across the board, ever since I first moved to London.
“Being at Central Saint Martins in 1989, coming from the countryside in the north of England … at that time you very rarely saw homeless people, it really struck me.
“It affects people from all walks of life and in different situations.”
According to Shelter, 150 families become homeless every day in the UK and Deacon said the numbers “really make you think” about how many people are in a “very lucky position” while “an awful lot of people are not”.
He said homelessness can affect more people than many might think, adding: “It can be refugees, it can be a pregnant mother, it can be a 15-year-old … homelessness can happen to everybody.
“A lot of people's circumstances can change very, very quickly and people can move jobs, relationships can break down, something else could happen and the next thing you know you can't pay your rent, you can't get the support you require and you're out on the street.
“If you've got no family support or immediate friends, you've got to find a way to get yourself back up again, and that's the great thing about what Shelter does.”
Asked if he thinks the government needs to do more to lessen the issue, Deacon said: “I think there is always more that can be done from everybody.
“I think the way the world is, with cuts and God knows what going on, there is just not enough … It's a very difficult time.”
Deacon, Burrill and Calypso appear at Gimme Shelter – Art for a night in conversation at Oval Space in London on October 9.
© Press Association 2017
The Indian government on Wednesday said it is yet to receive an official confirmation from Malaysia with regard to the extradition of controversial Islamic preacher Zakir Naik.
“Ministry of External Affairs had made a formal request to Government of Malaysia for his extradition this year in January and has been pursuing it through diplomatic channels. We have seen media reports regarding the deportation of Zakir Naik by the Malaysian Government. We are yet to receive official confirmation in this regard from Malaysian Government,” sources said.
The National Investigation Agency (NIA), that is probing the cases against Naik, too denied having any information about his return to India. “We have no such information as of now. We are verifying it,” said Alok Mittal Spokesperson of the NIA on the reports of Naik being brought to India from Malaysia.
The statements come following reports in media which quoted sources as saying that Naik will be extradited to India by the Malaysian government and will be brought to Mumbai on Wednesday night.
Naik is facing charges of inciting communal disharmony and committing unlawful activities in India. The Indian government has sent a request to the Malaysian government for his extradition.
While dismissing the reports of his return to India Naik said, “The news of my coming to India is totally baseless and false. I have no plans to come to India till I don't feel safe from unfair prosecution. Insha Allah when I feel that the government will be just and fair, I will surely return to my homeland.”
Naik is facing probe both in India and Bangladesh after two of the suspects in the terror attack at Holey Artisan Bakery in Dhaka in July 2016 claimed they were inspired by Naik's radical preachings and they were staunch followers of Naik on Facebook and on the Peace Television Channel. The terror attack had left 22 people dead.
Following a request from Bangladesh probes were launched by both NIA and the Enforcement Directorate (ED) against Naik and his NGO — Islamic Research Foundation (IRF). The ED is probing allegations of money laundering against the NGO and has declared it unlawful. The Ministry of External Affairs too has cancelled his passport and asked Malaysia to hand over the fugitive to India. Naik had last month petitioned Bombay High Court seeking relief against passport revocation by MEA. The Bombay HC, however, refused to grant relief to Naik.
By Radio.com Staff
Chris Brown has been accused of punching a photographer during an incident at the Tampa nightclub AJA Channelside early this morning.
Related: Chris Brown Responds to Addiction and Anger Issues Claims
The Tampa Police Department provided the following statement regarding the incident:
During an after party event, Mr. Brown and his crew came into the club for a ‘showing' for which he was paid. Mr. [Benny] Vines is a photographer for Club Aja. As he was taking photos, Vines reported Mr. Brown ‘sucker punched' him for allegedly taking photos. By the time officers were contacted and arrived, Mr. Brown left the scene. Mr. Vines wishes to prosecute for a minor laceration to his lip. Medical attention was refused. Investigation continues.
A statement posted to AJA Channelside's official Facebook page reads:
Incidents like the ones caused by Chris Brown and his team are very sad to see. As everyone witnessed he showed up to the club at around 1:30am. After only a few minutes of being there, Chris Brown himself and his team assaulted our club photographer and proceeded to walk out of the venue. AJA Channelside and our employees apologize for the inconvenience. Assault charges were pressed and we are dealing with the proper authorities accordingly. We appreciate your constant support!
Brown has yet to respond publicly to the allegations.
Mario Salbidrez, who has served as the deputy chief of operations for the Santa Fe Police Department, is taking up the role. Salbidrez is a longtime Santa Fe resident, stretching all the way back to his days at Santa Fe High.
He replaces Gabe Romero, who served as security director for more than five years.
There's no question about April the Giraffe's mothering instincts.
The 15-year-old giraffe — an internet sensation who just gave birth to her fourth calf, which more than a million people watched live online — didn't like it when a veterinarian came too close to her new baby.
Video surveillance shows her kicking the vet not once but twice as he maneuvered around her pen at Animal Adventure Park in upstate Harpursville.
Nepal's orthodox tea has finally received its own identity in the international market through a trademark after 154 years of beginning tea cultivation in the country.
According to The Himalayan Times, Nepal has received its own logo or trademark, with the long-standing efforts of the Nepal Tea and Coffee Development Board, organisations associated with tea production, and experts of the field. The trademark comprises an image of mountains with ‘Nepali Tea Quality from the Himalaya' written below it. Prior to this, Nepal's orthodox tea was being exported with the logo of Darjeeling, India.
Ministry of Agricultural Development, with the support of Himalaya Tea Producers Association and Nepal Tea and Coffee Development Board, has developed the logo and logo implementation directive. However, using and establishing the logo is still a big challenge, shared Chandra Bhusan Subba, a tea expert involved in the development of the logo and directive.
For the implementation of the logo, the Ministry has issued Nepali Orthodox Tea Certification Trademark Implementation Directive 2074. The directive has fixed certain standards for the use of the logo including that the produced tea must be fully organic. As per the directive, The tea producers wanting to use the logo must submit an application after which the process will move forward.
“Standards such as the quality of tea produced, employment security of the workers, sensitivity toward environmental protection must be met in order to use the logo,” said expert Subba. “The logo and the directive have been approved, now Nepali tea will carve its niche in the international market.”
With this move, Nepali tea would get good price in the international tea market and farmers would directly be benefited, therefore all should stress proper implementation of the logo, expert Subba said.
The tea farmers have become elated with the development of Nepal's own trademark, also hoping that this will induce good business and sustainability.
The tea cultivation that began in the country from Ilam since BS 1920, has spread to 44 districts of the country. The then Chief of the district ‘Badahakim' Gajaraj Singh Thapa had first cultivated tea in Ilam, after which a factory was set up in BS 1935 that started tea production from the district. Ilam is also home to the oldest and historical tea factory of the country.
Families of those living in a London apartment building which was completely incinerated yesterday are frantically trying to locate their loved ones.
Source: Twitter
Images have been appearing online of those who are believed to have been in Grenfell Tower while it burned yesterday.
"My 13 year old niece Jessi has become separated from her family during evacuation," one woman wrote on Twitter.
"Missing Khadija Saye and her mother Mary," wrote another.
The number missing is unknown but so far authorities have confirmed 12 people have been killed while 79 others are injured.
Up to 600 people lived in 120 apartments in the Grenfell Tower.
After announcing the updated death toll of 12, Cmdr. Stuart Cundy said that "we believe this number will sadly increase."
Index Markets Research provides statistical analysis on Global Immunoglobulin ELISA Kits Market provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition, applications and manufacturing technology. The report covers business strategists like major drivers, dynamics, share, segmentation, revenue forecasts, effective growth for the key players and facilitate better decision-making. The report offers the estimations of size of the market and analysis of the trend based on the pipeline of the Immunoglobulin ELISA Kits market. The Key Players mentioned in the report are Abnova, BD Bioscience, Cusabio, Ygnus Technologies LLC, Life Diagnostics, Thermo Fisher Scientific, Thermo Fisher Scientific, Koma Biotech, Assaypro, Fisher Biotec, Cloud-Clone, Bethyl Laboratories, Inc., Scribd. This report provides a competitive scenario, with a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this Immunoglobulin ELISA Kits Market.
Get a Sample Copy @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-immunoglobulin-elisa-kits-market/10357/#requestforsample
The report offers a crucial opinion relating to the global Immunoglobulin ELISA Kits market by discussing of its segmentation Commercial, Government, Personal. The sectors have been reviewed in terms of present as well as future trends. The analysis of geographical segmentation incorporates the estimated and present requirements from these regions. The study also offers the need associated to the different end-use sectors and separate goods in all of the geographical sectors of the market. The report also analyses the Immunoglobulin ELISA Kits market in terms of volume [k MT] and revenue [Million USD].
The Immunoglobulin ELISA Kits Market report gives detailed overview of terms and terminologies, applications, and classifications that are used in the context of market. It provides insights into the manufacturing cost structure and calculated as an aggregate of raw material costs, equipment costs, labor costs, and other costs. In terms of a technical consideration, the report discusses the production capacity of major manufacturers of Immunoglobulin ELISA Kits. This is estimated on circumstances such as the number of production plants, R&D status, raw material sources, and technology used by these manufacturers in 2018.
This report is segmented into several key Regions such as North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan & India, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), and market share and growth rate of Immunoglobulin ELISA Kits in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast).
On the basis of Product Type, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into : Direct, Indirect, Sandwich, Others.
On the basis on the end users/applications, Market report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate for each application, including : Multispecies, Humanbeings, Rat, Others.
Key Highlights Of The Immunoglobulin ELISA Kits Market Report:
1) A complete framework analysis, including an assessment of the parent market.
2) The study of emerging market segments and the existing market segments will help the readers in planning the business strategies.
3) Market Dynamics(Industry News, Development Challenges & Opportunities).
4) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
5) Historical, present, and prospective size of the market from the perspective of both value and volume.
6) Market shares and strategies of leading players.
7) Recommendations to companies to substantiate their foothold in the market.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-immunoglobulin-elisa-kits-market/10357/#inquiry
In the end, the report includes Immunoglobulin ELISA Kits new project SWOT analysis, investment practicalness analysis, investment come analysis, and Development Trend Analysis. The key rising opportunities of the fastest growing international Immunoglobulin ELISA Kits market segments are coated throughout this report. This report additionally presents product specification, producing method, and products cost structure. Production is separated by regions, technology and applications. The Immunoglobulin ELISA Kits industry data source, appendix, research findings and the conclusion.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Index Markets Research provides statistical analysis on Global Polyaspartic Coatings Market provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition, applications and manufacturing technology. The report covers business strategists like major drivers, dynamics, share, segmentation, revenue forecasts, effective growth for the key players and facilitate better decision-making. The report offers the estimations of size of the market and analysis of the trend based on the pipeline of the Polyaspartic Coatings market. The Key Players mentioned in the report are Akzo Nobel N.V., PPG Industries, Sika, The Sherwin Williams Company, Covestro AG, Cipy Polyurethanes, Cipy Polyurethanes. This report provides a competitive scenario, with a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this Polyaspartic Coatings Market.
Get a Sample Copy @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-polyaspartic-coatings-market/10339/#requestforsample
The report offers a crucial opinion relating to the global Polyaspartic Coatings market by discussing of its segmentation Commercial, Government, Personal. The sectors have been reviewed in terms of present as well as future trends. The analysis of geographical segmentation incorporates the estimated and present requirements from these regions. The study also offers the need associated to the different end-use sectors and separate goods in all of the geographical sectors of the market. The report also analyses the Polyaspartic Coatings market in terms of volume [k MT] and revenue [Million USD].
The Polyaspartic Coatings Market report gives detailed overview of terms and terminologies, applications, and classifications that are used in the context of market. It provides insights into the manufacturing cost structure and calculated as an aggregate of raw material costs, equipment costs, labor costs, and other costs. In terms of a technical consideration, the report discusses the production capacity of major manufacturers of Polyaspartic Coatings. This is estimated on circumstances such as the number of production plants, R&D status, raw material sources, and technology used by these manufacturers in 2018.
This report is segmented into several key Regions such as North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan & India, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), and market share and growth rate of Polyaspartic Coatings in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast).
On the basis of Product Type, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into : Solvent, Powder.
On the basis on the end users/applications, Market report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate for each application, including : Residential, Commercial, Industrial.
Key Highlights Of The Polyaspartic Coatings Market Report:
1) A complete framework analysis, including an assessment of the parent market.
2) The study of emerging market segments and the existing market segments will help the readers in planning the business strategies.
3) Market Dynamics(Industry News, Development Challenges & Opportunities).
4) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
5) Historical, present, and prospective size of the market from the perspective of both value and volume.
6) Market shares and strategies of leading players.
7) Recommendations to companies to substantiate their foothold in the market.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-polyaspartic-coatings-market/10339/#inquiry
In the end, the report includes Polyaspartic Coatings new project SWOT analysis, investment practicalness analysis, investment come analysis, and Development Trend Analysis. The key rising opportunities of the fastest growing international Polyaspartic Coatings market segments are coated throughout this report. This report additionally presents product specification, producing method, and products cost structure. Production is separated by regions, technology and applications. The Polyaspartic Coatings industry data source, appendix, research findings and the conclusion.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Singer Alanis Morissette has become the latest celebrity victim of burglars with a reported $2m taken from her home in Brentwood, California.
Jewellery and other valuables were taken from the Canadian performer's house on February 9.
A spokesman for the Los Angeles Police Department said a safe had been targeted during the burglary.
"There was also some property damage," he added.
Alanis Morissette and Mario Treadway in Los Angeles in February 2015
Morissette is married to rapper Mario 'Souleye' Treadway and the couple have two children. The family were not at home at the time of the robbery.
Last month, Morissette's former business manager, Jonathan Todd Schwartz, admitted stealing more than $7m from the star and other celebrities. He took around $4.8m of Morissette's earnings without her knowledge between May 2010 and January 2014.
He admitted withdrawing about $4.8m of Morissette's money without her knowledge between May 2010 and January 2014. He agreed to plead guilty under a deal with prosecutors in the US.
In this Aug. 10, 2017, photo, Sara Hayden poses for a photo with some of her medications at home in Half Moon Bay, Calif. Hayden lost her job as a data researcher because of medical problems and is now covered by Medi-Cal, as Medicaid is called in California. She has rheumatoid arthritis, and the medication she has to take to keep the disease in check cost thousands of dollars a month. The Medicaid program is a 1960s Great Society creation long criticized by conservatives. But it seems to have emerged even stronger after the Republican failure to pass health overhaul legislation. Marcio Jose Sanchez AP Photo
___
Sell-off in industrial, tech stocks sends Dow down 400
NEW YORK (AP) — After a strong start, U.S. stocks abruptly sold off Tuesday after machinery maker Caterpillar said it doesn't expect to top its first-quarter profit for the rest of the year. The Dow Jones industrial average plunged as much as 619 points as investors feared that rising oil prices and other costs will slow down growth in company profits.
___
Advertisement
US sales of new homes shot up 4 percent in March
WASHINGTON (AP) — Sales of new U.S. homes jumped 4 percent in March, propelled by a surge of buying in the West. The Commerce Department says sales last month were at a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 694,000. The two prior months had their sales revised upward with the annual rate being 667,000 in February and 644,000 in January. For the first three months of the year, sales are running 10.3 percent higher than a year ago.
___
Southwest has been faced with fines, union safety complaints
DALLAS (AP) — Until last week, Southwest Airlines had a string of 47 years without a passenger dying in an accident. But it has also paid millions in fines over safety. Recently its mechanics union accused the airline of taking shortcuts. Some analysts, however, consider it a safe airline. Its safety record is coming under scrutiny after an engine failure at 32,000 feet last week hurled shrapnel at a Southwest jet, breaking a window and killing a passenger.
___
Lawmakers: EPA security chief improperly runs outside firm
WASHINGTON (AP) — Democratic lawmakers say the security chief for Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt has been operating an outside consulting firm without proper approval from ethics officials. Pasquale "Nino" Perrotta was tapped by Pruitt last year to lead his 20-member personal protective detail. Perrotta also is the top executive at Sequoia Security Group. The Democratic lawmakers want an agency ethics official to examine whether Perrotta's outside employment violates agency rules.
___
Senator warns bankers that Dodd-Frank relief could stall
WASHINGTON (AP) — Democratic Sen. Mark Warner of Virginia is warning bankers that legislation rolling back financial rules put in place after the 2008 economic crisis could stall. Warner says legislation revamping the law known as Dodd-Frank "will not pass if it comes back to the Senate" for another vote. His comments are a warning shot to House Republicans. They want to amend Senate-passed legislation that would provide regulatory relief for banks.
___
Ex-Yahoo paying $35M to settle SEC charges over 2014 hack
WASHINGTON (AP) — The company formerly known as Yahoo is paying a $35 million fine to resolve federal regulators' charges that the online pioneer deceived investors by failing to disclose one of the biggest data breaches in internet history. The Securities and Exchange Commission announced the action Tuesday against the company, now called Altaba after its email and other digital services were sold to Verizon Communications for $4.48 billion last year. The company neither admitted nor denied the allegations.
___
Consumer watchdog becomes alphabet soup of controversy
NEW YORK (AP) — The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is dead. Long live the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection. That's the message the Trump administration is pushing, at least, in what on the surface seems like a minor tweak to the name of the federal consumer watchdog agency created after the Great Recession. But critics see it as a not-so-subtle effort to telegraph the abrupt ideological turn the bureau has taken since Trump-appointee Mick Mulvaney became acting director last year.
___
Burger King grows; Tim Hortons to get makeover
NEW YORK (AP) — A new burger and a spicy chicken sandwich sold well at Burger King, helping boost profits for its owner Restaurants Brands. But the company's other chain, Tim Hortons, didn't do as well, and Restaurant Brands plans to remodel those stores to try to get more people to come in to buy its coffee and doughnuts.
___
Trump says Mnuchin will travel to China amid trade dispute
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump says Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin will soon travel to China for talks as the two global economic powers deal with trade tensions. Trump says during a White House news conference with French President Emmanuel Macron that Mnuchin will be going to China "in a few days to negotiate on trade." Trump says the U.S. and China are "very serious" and is reiterating plans to impose tariffs up to $100 billion more on Chinese goods.
___
The S&P 500 index sank 35.73 points, or 1.3 percent, to 2,634.56. The Dow Jones industrial average finished with a loss of 424.56 points, or 1.7 percent, to 24,024.13. The Nasdaq composite dropped 121.25 points, or 1.7 percent, to 7,007.35. The Russell 2000 index of smaller company stocks declined 8.84 points, or 0.6 percent, to 1,553.28.
Benchmark U.S. crude oil shed 1.4 percent to $67.70 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, fell 1.1 percent to $73.86 per barrel in London. Wholesale gasoline lost 1.4 percent to $2.09 a gallon. Heating oil dipped 0.6 percent to $2.13 a gallon. Natural gas rose 1.5 percent to $2.78 per 1,000 cubic feet.
A Russian journalist who was reportedly gunned down in Ukraine's capital strolled into a news conference that authorities called overnight to discuss the investigation of his death, revealing that the slaying had been staged to foil an alleged Kremlin hit plot.
"I'm still alive," Arkady Babchenko, 41, told startled fellow reporters at the news conference held less than a day after police reported he had been shot and killed at his Kiev apartment building.
Ukrainian police said yesterday that Babchenko, a strong critic of the Kremlin, was shot multiple times in the back, found bleeding there by his wife and died on the way to the hospital. Kiev's police chief said he suspected the journalist was killed because of his work.
Details of the sting operation were not clear, including why authorities decided to go to such lengths to make it look as if Babchenko was dead. The head of the Ukrainian Security Service said the suspected organiser of the alleged hit plot was detained overnight NZT, suggesting the bogus killing was aimed at flushing him out.
Babchenko apologised to his wife, who he said was not briefed on the scheme in advance, "for the hell she had to go through in the past two days. There was no choice there, either."
The astonishing turn of events brought harsh criticism from Russia and the international media advocacy group Reporters Without Borders.
The journalist group's director, Christophe Deloire, expressed on Twitter his "deepest indignation at the discovery of the manipulation of the Ukrainian secret services. It is always deeply dangerous for states to play with the facts."
Konstantin Kosachev, head of the international affairs committee of the upper house of the Russian parliament, compared Ukraine's allegations to Britain's claims that Moscow was behind the nerve gas poisonings of a Russian former spy and his daughter in England. Russia vehemently denies poisoning Sergei Skripal and his daughter, Yulia Skripal.
"The logic is the same - to defame Russia," Kosachev told the state news agency Tass.
Neither Babchenko nor Ukrainian Security Service chief Vasyl Gritsak provided details of how they staged Babchenko's injuries or made his wife believe he was dead.
The movie-like twist came as Gritsak convened the news conference to announce the security agency and the police had solved Babchenko's reported slaying. He then confused everyone there by inviting the supposed slaying victim into the room.
To applause and gasps, Babchenko took the floor and apologised to the friends and family who mourned for him and were unaware of the plan.
"I'm still alive," he said. "I know that sickening feeling when you bury a colleague. I'm sorry you had to go through this but there was no other way."
Before ushering Babchenko into the room for the big reveal, Gritsak said investigators had identified a Ukrainian citizen who allegedly was paid $40,000 by the Russian security service to organise and carry out the hit. The unidentified Ukrainian man in turn allegedly hired an acquaintance to be the gunman, Gritsak said.
The man allegedly paid to organise Banchenko's killing was detained Wednesday, he said, showing a video of the arrest.
Gritsak said killing Babchenko was part of a larger alleged plot by Russian security services. The Ukrainian man also was supposed to procure large quantities of weapons and explosives, including 300 AK-47 rifles and "hundreds of kilos of explosives," to perpetrate acts of terror in Ukraine, he said.
Babchenko said he was not allowed to go into the details of his false death. He said Ukrainian law enforcement had been aware of a contract on his head for two months. He said he was approached by the Ukrainian Security Service, or SBU, a month ago.
"The important thing is my life has been saved and other, bigger terrorist attacks have been thwarted," he said.
Babchenko, one of Russia's best-known war reporters, fled the country in February 2017. He spoke and wrote about needed to leave Russia because of threats against him and his family.
Stormont's infrastructure minister has said a seat sales restriction at George Best Belfast City Airport should be removed.
Chris Hazzard endorsed in full the recommendations of an independent inquiry which called for the step.
The airport is proposing to replace the cap with noise controls and the minister said technical issues are still to be resolved in that area. The Planning Appeals Commission (PAC) found residents living more than 5km away should not face high volumes.
The airport wants to change its planning agreement, removing a restriction on the number of departure seats it can sell in a year, currently capped at two million. Residents have led a long-running campaign of opposition based around rising noise levels.
Mr Hazzard said: “I have considered the PAC report of the public inquiry and agreed ‘in principle' to endorse their recommendations in full, subject to resolving the technical issues around the proposed noise management system.”
He said he has instructed his officials to liaise with the airport on the detail of a modified planning agreement based around the recommendations.
Dr Liz Fawcett, chair of Belfast City Airport Watch residents' group, welcomed the minister's declaration.
“The Commission clearly tried to strike a balance between the commercial interests of the airport, and the health and quality of life of the tens of thousands of local residents affected by this issue.
“Although permissible noise levels will rise, once the report's recommendations are implemented we can be confident that we won't have to suffer the extreme levels of noise which could have occurred had the airport been given everything which it was seeking.”
The inquiry's other recommendations included:
:: A levy of fines should be clearly laid out, to be imposed on flights landing after 9.30pm, increasing incrementally every 15 minutes.
:: A departure noise control system should be introduced setting out a specified maximum limit. Fines should be established and clearly set out in the amended agreement, with all penalties payable to an Airport Community Fund.
:: A continuous descent approach should be adopted for all aircraft landing.
:: A noise insulation scheme should be brought in for residential and noise-sensitive properties experiencing noise levels of 63 decibels or above.
Betloy is one of the most powerful football prediction website on the net. It provides impressive results that can make your win the bets as simple as possible.
A lot of people thing that to win a bet you will only need to be lucky, to foresee the future or like in the movie Back to the Future, to have a special magazine that tells you all the scores. Although a little bit of luck did not ruin anyone, betting is full of mathematical science algorithms. If you could understand and apply these complicated mathematical formulas, then you can forecast with a great probability the end result of any sport game. Moreover, you would be able to discern much more information from analyzing the past games. Unfortunately, these algorithms are quite complicated, and you cannot do football predictions from your home. Even if you have access to all the data, and you know how to implement the raw data into the algorithms, you will need a powerful computer to sprout out results that can be later used for betting. Let me tell you about the Best soccer prediction site, that offers their services at a reasonable price.
Betloy is the most advanced betting prediction site that can be used by anyone who wants to win money for betting. Unlike other predictions websites, Betloy will guide their users to earn a good winning each time they bet. No matter what your preferred league is, Betloy has deep analysis on all major competitions around the world, including English premier league, Spanish la Liga, German Bundesliga, Italian Serie A, French Ligue 1 or the Brazilian league. Actually, Betloy provides information for over 50 leagues. Betloy has helped millions of punters around the world to win on a weekly basis, and hence have a living only on their punting activity. You can use Betloy for free, but you will not have access to the important features of Betloy. To find out the prices for higher stakes betting, you can visit the Betloy website. Betloy has also developed an Android app that you can use to find out what are the bet9ja booking codes that you should bet on. Check the Sportpesa Today games and start winning money by betting on the right team. Betloy will help you do just that.
Unlike other similar websites, Betloy has been selected the best betting predictions website last year, due to high-quality services.
About Betloy:
Betloy is the best football prediction website in the world. It provides important information for all punters.
Contact:
Company Name: Betloy
Address: 15 Lubumbashi Street, Abuja, Federal Capital Territory, Nigeria
Phone: +234 813 839 8956; +254 711353882
Email: hello@betloy.com
Website: https://betloy.com
Irro-Reisen is offering charter bus, tour bus and business bus renting services for visitors in Berlin. The tours can be combined to include sightseeing, trips throughout the city as well as airport shuttle and business trip transportation arrangements.
Berlin is one of the most beautiful cities in the world. If you live there, you know how fortunate you are to be able to walk the streets of this gorgeous city and enjoy the architecture, spirit and people. If you are touring Germany and you got to the point that you are about to explore Berlin or went there straight from your home country, then you are in for a treat. There are hundreds of cultural places to go to and thousands of buildings that are like marvels of engineering and architecture that you absolutely must visit. Unfortunately, sometimes, as a tourist you might be limited in either your knowledge of where to go or time to make it to all the places. Whether that is the case or not, it is always a great idea to hire a bus that will take you around the city and its surrounding areas and show you some of the places that you would not have been able to see otherwise. Finding a bus charter in Berlin is easy because there is one company that caters to local as well as international tourists. Irro Reisen bus service in Berlin is known for its superb quality service as well as solid reputation on the market that they have been leading for forty years.
The company offers variety of services depending on your interests. For example, you can hire a coach to do sightsee, city tours, group-travel or rent a bust to visit Brandenburg Gate, the Reichstag and many other historic buildings. So, if you are planning to visit this beautiful city with a group of friends, it is especially beneficial to look into getting a bus service in Berlin. Moreover, the company can arrange a bus transfer in Berlin, pick you up from the airport and then take you out for sightseeing if that will be your arrangement. Apart from regular tourist attractions, Irro-Reisen also caters to business visitors. If you are in town for business purposes and need a bus that will be there for you from the point of entry at the airport, all throughout your journey, then you have found the best deal. That being said, Berlin is an amazing city and you need an amazing bus charter company that will help you explore it thoroughly. Do not hesitate, reach out to Irro-Reisen representatives and arrange your fulfilling trip throughout Berlin and its surrounding areas.
About Irro-Reisen Coach Charter Berlin:
Irro-Reisen is a company offering services to visitors to Berlin. The agency specializes in various coach and bus charter arrangements that include sightseeing, trips between cities as well as business travel accommodation. Prices are friendly and customer satisfaction always the top priority for each and every employee.
Contacts:
Company: Irro-Reisen Coach Charter Berlin
Address: Roland-Brandir-Str. 2 D-29439 Luechow (Lower Saxony), Germany
Phone: +49 5841 977 325
Email: info@coach-charter-berlin.com
Website: http://www.coach-charter-berlin.com/
This story is about Published 23m
10 things you might not know about Scott Linehan, like an interesting job he held when he was out of football Share This Story On... Twitter
Facebook
Email
/G.J. McCarthy/Staff Photographer Dallas Cowboys offensive coordinator Scott Linehan (left) talks to quarterback Matt Cassel during practice Thursday, October 22, 2015 at their Valley Ranch practice facility in Irving, Texas. (G.J. McCarthy/The Dallas Morning News)
By SportsDayDFW.com Contact SportsDayDFW.com on Twitter: @SportsDayDFW
Here are 10 things you might not know Cowboys offensive coordinator Scott Linehan. 1. 12th man as a youth Linehan is from Sunnyside, Wash., where he grew up a Seahawks fan. He told Kitsap Sun writer Scott M. Johnson that one of his "most treasured" possessions is a photograph of him as a high school student standing between Jim Zorn and Steve Largent at a football camp. 2. A family of Vandals
/Courtesy A photo of Cowboys coaches Scott Linehan with his son Matthew, 20 (right) and Michael, 18 (left)
Linehan played quarterback for the University of Idaho from 1982-86, joining a long line of Linehan's to play for the school. His two brothers, Rick and Ron, also played at Idaho and his son, Matt, won the Famous Idaho Potato Bowl MVP with Vandals. Here's where Scott stands on the Vandals' all-time list as far as quarterbacks are concerned: Stat Total Rank in Vandal history Passing attempts 947 5th Completions 549 5th Yards 7,018 5th Touchdown passes 45 5th Completion percentage 58 percent 6th Total yards 7,550 5th Total yards per game 222.1 5th Matt also has something that his old man doesn't. During his freshman year he had two separate games where he completed 33 passes, which is a record for Idaho.
3. Big three at Idaho? Oakland Raiders offensive line coach Tom Cable and Fox Sports analyst Mark Schlereth both blocked for Linehan when all three were at the University of Idaho.
4. Another stint as a Cowboy
The first NFL team Scott Linehan was ever a part of was the Cowboys. He signed with Dallas as an undrafted free agent in 1987. He was cut at the start of training camp after battling shoulder problems. Thirty-seven years later he rejoined the organization as the team's passing game coordinator. 5. From selling rings to competing for them After he flamed out in the NFL and before he got into coaching, Linehan spent two years selling rings for Jostens. 6. A mind for offense
/Tom Fox/Staff Photographer Dallas Cowboys wide recovers coach Derek Dooley (right) and passing game coordinator Scott Linehan (center) share a laugh with quarterback Tony Romo (9) late in the game against the New Orleans Saints at AT&T Stadium in Arlington, Texas, Sunday, September 28, 2014. The Cowboys won 38-17. (Tom Fox/The Dallas Morning News)
Linehan coached in the college ranks for 13 years before moving on to the NFL. All of them were either as a receivers coach, quarterbacks coach or offensive coordinator. In that time he had five quarterbacks get drafted by NFL teams: Louisville's Chris Redman and Dave Ragone, Washington's Brock Huard and Marques Tuiasosopo and Idaho's Doug Nussmeier. 7. His connection to Jason Garrett Linehan joined Garrett's coaching staff in 2014 as the passing game coordinator, but that's not the first time the two had been on the same coaching staff before. When Linehan was the Miami Dolphins' offensive coordinator in 2005, he hired Garrett as his quarterbacks coach. That was Garrett's first NFL coaching job. Garrett impressed Linehan so much that he was hired just 10 hours after the two met one another. 8. Rough going with the Rams Linehan was hired as the Rams head coach before the 2006 season. He posted an 8-8 record that year and followed that up with a 3-13 record in 2007. After starting the 2008 season 0-4, he was fired. 9. Big screen tie-in
/AP FILE - In this photo provided by Icon Productions, Mel Gibson, right, directs Jim Caviezel on the set of Gibson's movie "The Passion of The Christ." In recent years, Gibson's name has been more synonymous with volatility and vitriol than Hollywood glitz and glamour. Can the risky, dark comedy "The Beaver," directed by and co-starring his longtime friend Jodie Foster, restore the two-time Oscar winner's reputation, and will it inspire the public to embrace him once more? (AP Photo/Icon Productions, file)
Linehan's brother-in-law is Jim Caviezel, the actor who played Jesus in "The Passion of the Christ." Caviezel has also appeared in the TV show "Person of Interest." Linehan's wife, Kristen, and Caviezel's wife, Kerri, are sisters. Here's what Caviezel told seahawks.com about where his NFL allegiances lie on Sundays: "A house divided cannot stand," he told the site. "That means that when it comes to loyalties, there is a clear line drawn in the sand and that means that our loyalties to Scott supersede our own fan loyalty. We are Seahawks fans through and through, but when it comes to a choice between fan loyalty and family loyalty, family wins every time. That means that when the Seahawks play the Cowboys, I might have to catch up on yard work or something." 10. Pass-happy in Detroit The Lions hired Linehan to be their offensive coordinator in 2009. In his time with the team the Lions averaged 651.6 pass attempts per season. In the same time period, the Cowboys averaged 588 pass attempts per season. The Lions attempted the most passes in the NFL in two of Linehan's five seasons in Detroit and were never lower than sixth in the league. Linehan also had current Cowboys quarterbacks coach Kellen Moore on his roster while in Detroit. SportsDay's Jon Machota recently said that he thinks as long as Linehan is in Dallas, Moore will be as well. "From the guys I know that work in Detroit that cover the Lions, they basically said he was the same way there when those two were together," Machota said. "Linehan was a big reason that he signed with the Lions after the draft. I don't know if anyone else on the coaching staff or in the organization necessarily feels that way. I think it's one of those deals where they're like, 'All right Scott. We're going to give you this chance. This is the guy you're picking.' I will say that from everybody I have talked to they think Kellen Moore has even more of a chance to succeed when you have a healthy Dez Bryant out there [and when] you add Ezekiel Elliott to the offense. They probably won't make some long playoff run. I think out of the backup quarterbacks you saw last year step in for them I think they felt the most confident what they got out of Kellen Moore."
When a young Joseph Parker got home from school each day, the school bag would come off - and so too would the English.
"I was born here and grew up here. But as a young boy, there was a rule that when we got home after school, we had to speak Samoan.''
The 26-year-old grew up in South Auckland and counts himself lucky he can speak the language taught to him and his siblings by parents Salavao and Lalogafau Dempsey Parker.
As well as the language, they were taught about Samoan protocol.
Advertisement
"We grew up that way - just doing feaus (chores) around the house and learning about fa'asamoa.
"When I'd go to Samoa, I would hear people talking about me. They didn't think I could speak Samoan - and then I'll respond and shock them.''
This week marks Samoan Language Week; an annual event that highlights the importance of learning and understanding the mother-tongue.
The 2013 Census showed Samoan was the third most commonly spoken language in New Zealand, with 86,403 people indicating they were Samoan speakers.
It is the second most spoken language in Aukilani - Auckland.
Parker acknowledged that knowing the language of their ancestors was something he and his partner valued highly.
Boxer Joseph Parker with his mother Sala and father Dempsey Parker. Photo / Doug Sherring
As a result, they have made it a goal to teach it and use it in everyday conversations with their 18-month-old daughter Elizabeth.
"Before we eat, I'll say to her: 'Lea la'a fai le lotu'. (We're going to say a prayer now).
"Or I'll ask: 'E avatu sau ipu vai?' (Would you like a drink of water?)
"We think it's important to teach her because we can see how it's changed our lives."
Parker, who holds the matai (chief) titles Lupesoliai La'auliolemalietoa, is now working at learning the more formal language used by Samoan orators and chiefs and which is often heard at special events, familial or village occasions.
Hearing the ring announcer call out his name, including his titles, always brought a sense of pride, and he said it was another unique way of promoting fa'asamoa.
"It's going to make Samoa well known around the world and that makes me proud and happy.''
There were people in his life, particularly youth, who could not hold a conversation in Samoan. But he had a message for them - it is not too late.
"I have mates or cousins who can only wish that they could speak Samoan.
"I encourage them to just try their best to learn. It's never too late to learn and it's well worth learning and understanding."
Archbishop William E. Lori, Archbishop of Baltimore, will celebrate Mass at St. Paul Catholic Church in Downtown Ellicott City on Saturday, May 2, 2018 at 5 p.m. The community is invited to attend the Mass, during which the Archbishop will pray for the repose of the soul of Sgt. Eddison Hermond, as well as for the residents and business owners who were affected by the recent flooding.
St. Paul Roman Catholic Church is located at 3755 St. Paul St. in Ellicott City.
EastEnders fans were left stunned after it was revealed Max Branning's mystery bride is the sister of his ex-wife.
The car lot boss. played by Jake Wood, returned to Albert Square in Tuesday's episode to reveal to his neighbours that he has a new wife.
After gathering them all in Melanie Owen's nightclub, he was joined by drug addict Rainie Cross, played by Tanya Franks, who is the sister of Tanya Branning.
‼️No you aren't dreaming, RAINIE (Tanya's sister!) is a BRANNING‼️*Picks jaw up off the floor*😵 Tune in on Thursday at 7.30PM to find out how on earth this has happened?!📱💻📺 pic.twitter.com/JExD4FosSp — BBC EastEnders (@bbceastenders) April 24, 2018
She revealed herself at the end of the episode as she stopped Kat Slater (Jessie Wallace) from slapping Max.
Viewers were horrified by the reveal, with one writing: “Rainie??? Firstly how? Lately why??? Please do explain Max. This should be interesting..”
Another wrote: “Ohhh snap!! Why am I still shocked at how far max can go?! Rainie….really??!! Was NOT expecting that.”
Ohhh snap!! Why am I still shocked at how far max can go?! Rainie….really??!! Was NOT expecting that 😲 #eastenders — Nikki (@MissNikkiPark) April 24, 2018
Another fan said: “Can't believe Max married Rainie my head hurts,” as one more said: “I can't be the only one who just shouted at the tv Nooooo. Make can't get any crazier.”
Can't believe Max married Rainie my head hurts #EastEnders — jess🌹 (@JMValentinoo) April 24, 2018
I can't be the only one who just shouted at the tv Nooooo. Make can't get any crazier #EastEnders #MaxBranning — nmonk_crohns (@nmonk_crohns) April 24, 2018
EastEnders continues on BBC One on Thursday at 7.30pm.
© Press Association 2018
Related Coverage Victims' father lunges at Larry Nassar in court
CHARLOTTE, Mich. (AP) — A father of three victims tried to attack Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom on Friday after a judge declined his request for a few minutes alone in a locked room with the “demon” former sports doctor. He was blocked by an attorney and tackled by sheriff's deputies.
Two of the man's daughters had just told the judge that they and another sister had been sexually abused by Nassar under the guise of medical treatment. Their father, Randall Margraves, told the judge he was a “distraught father.”
Margraves then looked at Nassar, shook his head and called him a profanity while speaking at the courtroom podium. Margraves then asked for “five minutes” alone with Nassar. The judge said she couldn't allow that. He asked for one minute, and she again declined.
Margraves then lunged at Nassar, who was sitting nearby.
Margraves are restrained by sheriff's deputies and hauled out of court. He returned a few hours later to apologize to Judge Janice Cunningham, who said there was “no way” she would punish him under her contempt of court powers. She noted the anguish felt by families over Nassar's crimes.
The incident occurred during the third and final sentencing hearing for Nassar on assault charges. The charges focus on his work with Twistars, an elite Michigan gymnastics club. The judge resumed the hearing after about 25 minutes.
Assistant Attorney General Angela Povilaitis told families in the courtroom to “use your words,” not violence.
“This is letting him have this power over us,” she said. “We cannot behave like this. I understand this is a remarkable situation. But you cannot do this. This is not helping your children. This is not helping your community. This is not helping us.”
Moments before Margraves' stunning courtroom charge, one of his daughters, Lauren Margraves, had told the judge that her parents were “filled with regret” because they took the girls to see Nassar.
“I see the look in their faces and I know they want to be able to do something but they can't,” she told Nassar. “The guilt they have will never go away. All this is because of you.”
More than 30 victims have given statements so far during the hearing, which began Wednesday and is expected to stretch into next week.
During a similar hearing that ended last week, more than 150 girls and women came forward to say Nassar abused them under the guise of medical treatment while he worked with Michigan State University and USA Gymnastics. He was sentenced to up to 175 years in prison in that case. He had already been sentenced to 60 years in prison on child pornography charges.
Earlier Friday, the judge reopened the hearing by saying controversial comments made by one of Nassar's attorneys were “unfortunate.” The lawyer, Shannon Smith, told radio station WWJ that she had doubts about the large number of women and girls who say they are victims.
Cunningham said Nassar didn't authorize the statements and has disavowed them.
“What is relevant is for the court to hear each individual story and how the criminal actions of the defendant impacted each individual's life,” Cunningham said.
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws Pause
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
0:41 Cal Poly Rose Parade float heads to Pasadena under the cover of darkness
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
0:31 On election night, Heidi Harmon shared her goals for SLO
2:42 Trump's White House
2:30 Rep. Mick Mulvaney to Epipen CEO: 'You get what you deserve'
1:58 After fire, SLO-Botics team uses French Hospital space to regroup for competition
0:44 How an officer can tell whether a driver is stoned
TORONTO — A judge has ruled that a class-action lawsuit can proceed against the Royal Winnipeg Ballet and a photographer who is alleged to have taken intimate photos of students.
Lawyer Margaret Waddell says about 60 people have been identified so far as potential class-action members in the lawsuit against the ballet company and Bruce Monk, who worked as a photographer between 1984 and 2015.
The lead plaintiff, Sarah Doucet, alleges Monk pressured her into letting him take semi-nude photos of her as a teenager and then distributed them.
The allegations have not been proven in court, and both Monk and the ballet company have filed statements of defence denying the accusations.
Police investigated a complaint against Monk in 2015 but no charges were laid.
The recent decision by an Ontario Superior Court justice certifies Doucet's case as a class-action lawsuit, although the defendants have 30 days to appeal the ruling.
"To date, 53 former students have contacted (Doucet's lawyer) self-identifying as potential class members, or they have been identified by the witnesses on this motion as students whose photographs are on the internet and who may have been photographed by Mr. Monk in a private setting," the ruling states.
Lawyers for Monk and the Royal Winnipeg Ballet were not immediately available for comment Wednesday.
Waddell said there are still a few steps before the lawsuit can be heard.
"We have to get notice out to the class members, to let everybody know that the action has been certified ,and they have an opportunity to decide if they want to exclude themselves," Waddell said.
READY TO RIDE: Barrel racer Meg Stewart with her 10-year-old horse Hank is giving it her best shot in the Rodeo Queen Quest.
READY TO RIDE: Barrel racer Meg Stewart with her 10-year-old horse Hank is giving it her best shot in the Rodeo Queen Quest. Contributed
WHEN Meg Stewart was growing up, her mother was told her young daughter would grow out of her fascination with horses and the rodeo arena.
But at 22, her passion has stuck and the Warwick woman is throwing her hat in the ring to compete in the Warwick Rodeo Queen Quest.
After taking out horsemanship in the 2009 and 2010 Rodeo Princess contests, Miss Stewart says she's ready to show the judges what she's got.
"A friend of mine's parents campdrafted and they taught me how to ride and I'd be out at there place any chance I got,” she said.
"I spent 12 months working on a 2.2million hectare cattle station in Western Queensland, I do miss it but I'm glad to be back in Warwick.
"Growing up dad would always take me to the rodeo and I remember watching from the side of the barrier.
"I just love rodeo week - I haven't missed a single one in 10 years.”
Miss Stewart joined the Warwick State High School rodeo team, which eventually led to her competing in the National High School Rodeo Finals in Wyoming - her first overseas trip.
She said she had already held a successful barrel racing event as part of her Queen Quest fundraising, with the sponsorship of Warwick Automotive and her employer Talk 'N Heads.
"I get such a thrill from barrell racing and my horse Hank is my rock, we've got a really good bond,” Miss Stewart said.
"I've tried to be really organised but I don't want to stress out at the judging next weekend and ruin the fun of it.
"I know most of my competitors and they're a great bunch of girls, and our co-ordinator Kelly has been great.
"No matter what the outcome is rodeo weekend is going to be fantastic.”
Mompreneur and social media star Draya Michele caught some flack from the Internet, after she revealed she was tired of helping her son Kniko with his homework.
The mama of two told her Instagram followers that she was tired of hearing her son's speech for school that he had been practicing two times a day for the past two months.
She also mentioned helping her son with the topic was a “snooze.”
"She has him harassing me" to sign a paper. A mother. pic.twitter.com/wEwTGZ2o85 — K (@BRedLove) December 8, 2017
The Internet blew up with critical tweets of the former reality star:
Lmao #DrayaMichele out here still not wanting to raise her actual kids. Ew. Hate women like her. Scum of the actual earth. — Just a girl (@socalledelite) December 8, 2017
Draya Michele is complaining about signing her son's homework everyday yet she signs her signature everyday for fans without complaining? Wow! Must be a hard life for her. #DrayaMichele pic.twitter.com/0vtZbDGoMh — Eddy Bee 🐝💜 (@EddyBee26) December 8, 2017
She even received The Breakfast Club's infamous Donkey Of The Day award for her comments:
#drayamichele out here trying to stop her son from flourishing… 😩 https://t.co/OCwCaiCzSR — CoreVizionTv Network (@CoreVizionTv) December 8, 2017
Well, all moms, even moms running multi-million dollar businesses need time to vent or get annoyed. Is this an overreaction, or is the backlash warranted?
Weigh in below:
RELATED LINKS
HAUTE OR NAUGHT: Draya Michele Shows Off Her October Style And References Bianca Jagger As Current Style Inspo
Draya Michele Offers ‘LHHH' Stars Masika & Hazel E Advice On Their Foolish Behavior
Draya Michele Launches New Clothing Line Beige And Coco
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
It's time to start thinking about season 8 of Game Of Thrones, so here's everything we know so far about the final series of GOT…
Game Of Thrones season 8 release date
We currently have no actual air date for season 8, but despite the showrunners, David Benioff and D.B. Weiss, wanting it to air next year, there's a pretty good chance we won't be getting it until 2019 (WHYGODWHY?!?!) because HBO hasn't even started filming it yet, and that shit takes ages.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Although, Nikolaj Coster-Waldau, who plays Jaime, did say they're getting cracking with filming in October.
"I don't know what's going to happen next season, he told Collider. "We go back in October, so maybe in the next few weeks, we'll get the scripts and I'll find out."
How many episodes will there be in Game Of Thrones season 8?
We've been told by the showrunners that season 8 will be another short one. We're looking at six episodes.
How long will the episodes be in Game Of Thrones season 8?
Okay, so we're getting fewer episodes, but they will be longer. It's looking like instead of an hour for each episode, season 8 could boast 80-minute episodes. And there may even be feature-length episodes.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
"Two hours per episode seems like it would be excessive, but it's a great show, so who knows?" HBO's Casey Bloys said.
And Liam Cunninghma, who play Ser Davos, revealed in October to TV Guide: "[The episodes are] definitely going to be bigger and what I hear is longer.
"We're filming right up until the summer.
"When you think about it, up until last season we'd have six months to do ten episodes, so we're [doing] way more than that for six episodes. So that obviously will translate into longer episodes."
Giphy
Has the script for Game Of Thrones season 8 been written?
Yes. Yes it has. HBO's Casey confirmed this in 2017, but, of course, everyone's keeping tight-lipped about what will actually happen in the final season.
Will Games of Thrones season 8 be the final season?
Sadly yes. The president of programming at HBO Michael Lombardo has previously said Game Of Thrones would end after eight seasons.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
"David and Dan are feeling there's probably two more years after season six, that's what we're looking at right now," he said in January before season 7 aired.
And in June last year, HBO's Casey said: The showrunners have a very specific plan about the number of seasons they want to do. If I could get them to do more I would take 10 more seasons. But we take their lead on what they [need] to make the best version of their show."
Game Of Thrones season 8 cast
Right now, we don't know for sure who will be in season 8, but we sure as hell know who won't … (RIP).
Remembering how all your favourite Game Of Thrones characters died (RIP)
Although, annoyingly (depending on how you look at it), it looks like Cersei will be back for season 8.
In a recent interview, Lena Headey (who plays that bitch) hinted that her character makes it to the end of season 7.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
"I [assumed] oh, I'm going to die," she told Time, recalling reading the script. "And then, I went straight to the end. I was really in shock. I think obviously, now, there's got to be some body count at the end of [season] 8."
But what will happen to her brother/lover (still so, so gross) in season 8?
Now that he's left the Red Keep, Jaime has a big decision to make - he could either go straight to The Wall to sort those damn wights or he could inform Jon and Dany about Cersei's lie.
Nikolaj Coster-Walder told IndieWire: “I think he's going to try to get up there. We see him covering up his golden hand because once he's heading North, he's in enemy territory, and it's difficult to hide who he is when he has that golden hand. So I think he's going to try to get up to some commander whether it's Jon Snow or Daenerys Targaryen. We'll see.”
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
If Jaime survives, will he return to Cersei?
“I think that you never finish with your family even if you want to,” he said. “It's the thing that Tyrion says that there's not a day that he doesn't think about the fact that he killed his father even though he hated him… I'm sure for Jaime it'll be the same. He'll never be able to not have Cersei be a part of what makes him what he is.”
HBO
Ser Davos is also on his way to the eighth series and he can't believe his luck!
He told Esquire, "I feel like I'm at Wimbledon and I'm going to the final. It's funny you should say, knowing how good the quality of the show is, you go, 'Oh man, I hope I make it to the last season.' Of course, being a typical actor, now that I've made it to the final season, I want to make it to the final episode."
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Word on the street/Watchers On The Wall is that season 8 producers are currently looking for two young actors.
One casting notice is for a Northern girl, ideally around the age of eight. The character seems very similar to Lyanna Mormont, as she's supposed to be fearless and tell it like it is. They're looking for a “strong-minded young girl with a fighting spirit,” and the part would film the week of 17 November. Watchers On The Wall speculates the girl could be related to Lyanna Mormont, or a member of another prominent Northern family—perhaps a family that falls to the White Walkers.
The second casting notice is for a boy around the same age, or possibly a few years older. The boy, who may be in multiple scenes, is described as a poor child who has had to fight for everything he has. The actor would need to be available for filming at the end of November and the end of December. Watchers On The Wall thinks this child is likely going to show up in Kings Landing or Essos, since the casting notice doesn't specify accent or much about appearances.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Exciting!
Game Of Thrones sequels, prequels, spin-offs and movies
Okay, so we've only got one more series of Game Of Thronesie goodness – but what about a possible sequel, prequel or even a movie? That'd be cool, right?
When asked about the prospect of any of these things happening, author George R Martin said in April, "There is certainly no lack of material. There are eight million stories in Westeros as well… and even more in Essos and the lands beyond. A whole world full of stories, waiting to be told… if indeed HBO is interested."
If a prequel does end up happening, we reckon it could feature one of these stories: Aegon's Conquest, The Valyrian Freehold, The Long Night, The Dance of the Dragons, Maegor the Cruel or The Blackfyre Rebellion.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Speaking specifically about a GOT movie, George R Martin said: "It might need a feature to tie things up. Something with a feature budget, like $100million for two hours. Those dragons get real big, you know..."
So Game Of Thrones season 7 may be over, but news of a spin-off series is enough to keep us ticking over until the final series, GOT season 8, arrives.
The show's producers are hooking up fans who just can't bear to be without Game Of Thrones. According to Deadline, a new seven-part spinoff series will keep you involved until the eighth and final season begins - and there's more in the works, too.
Follow Anna on Twitter.
&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;span id="selection-marker-1" class="redactor-selection-marker"&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/span&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;span id="selection-marker-1" class="redactor-selection-marker"&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/span&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;
MEXICO CITY (AP) — Maverick presidential candidate Jaime Rodriguez was greeted with derision when he said Mexico should cut the hands off officials who steal.
But in a country wracked by vigilante movements and drug-gang violence, the proposal has quickly had a grisly echo.
The candidate known as "El Bronco" made the proposal in a presidential debate this week. The sign-language translation showing the interpreter making a slashing motion was widely shared on social media in Mexico.
Authorities in the southern state of Guerrero said late Monday a hacked-up body was found in the resort city of Acapulco next to hand-lettered signs, one of which referred to Rodriguez's proposal.
Advertisement
It read: "El Bronco said, cut the hands off the scum that steals," and was signed "yours, the Grave Diggers."
The holiday season may have given it a respite, but I don't think President Duterte will just forget his tirade on December 22 against the Anti-Money Laundering Council (AMLC): “You are all, you are all corrupt and serving [a]master. You are not supposed to engage in politics, God damn it,” the President said.
Duterte was angry over the AMLC's foot-dragging in helping the Justice Department track down the moneys of the illegal drug lords. I have been angry that the AMLC had been one of the deadly weapons of the past Yellow Regime, yet its members and staff had not even been investigated for debasing this institution, and using it to get at the Liberal Party's enemies when it was in power. How can we have a government under the rule of law when we allow those who violated the laws on the AMLC to go unpunished, not even investigated?
Indeed, the AMLC should heed Duterte's call for them to resign, as the body can't boast of stellar successes in tracking down and confiscating the ill-gotten wealth of global and local drug lords, terrorists, and jueteng lords. Rather it's become infamous for three and only three things:
(1) Its collaboration with President Aquino's forces in 2012 to remove former Chief Justice Renato Corona from his post by leaking his alleged peso and dollar bank accounts to that Yellow regime's agents, who used it as a deadly black propaganda against the CJ.
(2) Its collaboration again with Aquino in the demolition job against presidential candidate Jejomar Binay during the campaign for the May 2016 elections, with a reporter of the Philippine Daily Inquirer having in her possession and publishing in that newspaper a confidential — but grossly inaccurate — AMLC report.
(3) Its failure to detect and stop the transfer of $81 million in stolen money from the Bangladesh central bank in New York to a Philippine bank, and to the hackers' accomplices here.
First, when all of the impeachment charges against Chief Justice Corona were being debunked, proven more and more baseless each day, AMLC entered the fray and helped Aquino. The amounts in the bank accounts of Corona and his wife were leaked to a newspaper columnist and in a blog, and to Liberal Party stalwart Jorge Banal, who hilariously claimed he found it inserted at his residence's gate. An Aquino fanatic, the Ateneo School of Government's Harvey Keh tried to make Corona's bank accounts part of the trial's records by delivering data on these – to Enrile's office. The former Martial Law Administrator proved to have a better moral compass than Keh by refusing to even open the envelope containing it.
Would lowly bank managers in Corona's account have dared to risk their careers to leak such information, whose secrecy is protected by law? Certainly not. Only somebody in the AMLC could have done that, upon orders of the Yellow Regime.
Morales asks Aquino
When those “leak” tactics didn't work, Ombudsman Conchita Carpio-Morales asked the AMLC Executive Director Vicente Aquino to provide her with data on Corona's dollar accounts. Aquino obeyed her without question, even if there is a specific law categorically banning these from being disclosed for any purpose, except upon written approval by the holder of the bank account and upon a court order.
We don't even know if Aquino asked, as he is required to, the three members of the AMLC for authority to do so. When I tried to get in touch at that time with the AMLC's chairman, Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas Governor Amando Tetangco — a friend since college —to ask why he had allowed such wanton violation of the law, I was told that he was out of town, and that a deputy BSP governor represented him in the AMLC.
Worse, as I have written several times, Morales distorted the AMLC's data in such a way that she added up all transactions – i.e., a $100 deposit and a $100 withdrawal was counted as Corona's having a $200 balance. She then screamed to the world that the Chief Justice was hiding $10 million in his secret dollar accounts (the reality was that it was less than $1 million.)
It was a black-propaganda stunt performed before national-television cameras, intended to raise such a furor that a lynch mob was unstoppable, and consequently the Senate – except for three with integrity and wisdom – voted to kick the Chief Justice out of the Court, the first time ever this occurred in our history. Why did Aquino want Corona out? Because he thought he could bludgeon the Supreme Court to reverse its decision, made when Corona was chief justice, that required the Aquino clan's Hacienda Luisita to comply with the agrarian reform law, instead of skirting it.
Did the AMLC undertake an investigation into such serious breach of bank confidentially? Did the AMLC bother to correct Morales' distortion of the report given her? It didn't, which bolsters my view that from the start, the AMLC was part of the conspiracy to attack the Supreme Court.
Second, the Philippine Daily Inquirer last year used as banner stories the articles by a Nancy Carvajal, who based her reportage on a single document she referred to as the “AMLC report” to allege that vice presidential candidate Binay had “billions” of pesos in his bank accounts and used several people as dummies. That it was a hatchet job was obvious in that Carvajal merely repeated the same article she wrote the previous year, she herself admitting that she was citing the same document. However, the AMLC reported later to the Court that after its investigations, it found only P1.7 million in Binay's account, indicating that Carvajal's “AMLC report” was a raw, initial report.
That was so outrageous. The AMLC's reports on individual bank holdings are probably the most secret kind of documents in the country since these are the only such documents that a law (the Anti-Money Laundering Law of 2001, as amended) severely penalizes a person for disclosing such information. In fact, the law even specifically lists who would be made responsible for “malicious reporting… relative to money laundering:”
Breach of confidentiality
“In the case of a breach of confidentiality that is published or reported by media, the responsible reporter, writer, president, publisher, manager and editor-in-chief shall be liable under this Act. (Sec. 9d).” Prescribed penalties include imprisonment from six months to four years. In fact, not even those who are the subject of AMLC investigations are given copies of its reports.
And what does the AMLC do with such blatant use of AMLC data, which really could have been tampered with as nobody else except the Inquirer reporter (apart from the Court) had access to?
It didn't even warn the Inquirer that its article citing an AMLC report is illegal. It didn't even investigate why a very raw AMLC report, probably drafted by a clerk, was in the possession of that reporter.
Worse, the AMLC revealed its political partisanship when it issued a press statement that didn't say it was going to investigate the breach in confidentiality but instead taunted Binay, by saying “The AMLC will continue to discharge its legal mandate without fear or favor.”
And third, the AMLC has been embarrassingly caught napping as $81 million in stolen money from the Bangladesh central bank entered the country, put in dormant accounts, and withdrawn to equally dubious accounts.
Do you know, dear reader, that the AMLC's is authorized to investigate a transaction amounting to just P500,000, with its computer systems designed to alert its staff to such amount of transactions? Yet $81 million entered a single bank—in a single branch, in a single day—equivalent to P4 billion, deposited to dormant accounts, and then withdrawn, yet the AMLC didn't notice it. I don't think even P1 billion had ever entered a bank's branch. Yes, ever.
It had to take a person-to-person call from the Bangladesh Bank governor to BSP Gov. Tetangco, the AMLC chairman, to alert him that such a huge stolen amount was entering the Philippine banking system.
Yet the AMLC started to work on the Bangladesh Bank governor's alert on Feb. 3, according to its executive director, Julia Abad in her testimony in the Senate. It issued the freeze order a week later on Feb. 11. The criminals obviously had the time to withdraw the proceeds, and these have vanished into thin air.
Tetangco made an astounding excuse why the AMLC had been inept in stopping the $81 million from vanishing.
Tetangco says that our bank secrecy laws are too strict. “Once money enters a deposit account, you can't see it anymore,” he said in a TV interview. Too strict? Then how could a columnist, a congressman, the Ombudsman get the bank balances and even details of the transactions of the Chief Justice? How could one reporter have an AMLC confidential report making allegations about the Vice President's bank accounts?
Tetangco may have been an excellent central bank governor, but he thinks it is beyond him since he is the Philippine version of Alan Greenspan, to run what is really an anti-crime unit which the AMLC is, so that he has delegated almost all the work there to subordinates who may not have the moral fiber that he has. If he can't supervise the AMLC, and the law requires him to chair it, he should accept the reality and resign as BSP governor, and let somebody who can really supervise that crucial anti-crime agency, one who would insulate it from politics.
Or maybe the law should be amended so that the council is led full-time by somebody who would be on the same rank as the three incumbent members of the AMLC, the heads of the BSP, the SEC and the Insurance Commission. How could such sensitive post as the AMLC chairman be a part-time job? The likelihood is for him to delegate all of his work eventually to unqualified people, or worse, unscrupulous or partisan officials.
E-mail: tiglao.manilatimes@gmail.com
FB: Rigoberto Tiglao and Bobi Tiglao
Archives: rigobertotiglao.com
New Zealand have added Martin Guptill to their squad for the Day/Night Test match against England in Auckland which begins on Thursday.
The 31-year-old will provide cover for Ross Taylor, who is recovering from a thigh injury.
Taylor suffered the injury during his match-winning 181-run knock against England in the fourth ODI and was ruled out of the final 50-over game but he is expected to feature in Auckland Test.
Guptill has rewarded for his 73-run innings for New Zealand XI against England XI in a practice match in Hamilton on Friday. The right-hander usually opens for the Kiwis in the 50-over format but prefers plying his trade in the middle-order in the longest format of the game.
"We opted for extra batting cover for that final spot and with Martin having been playing in the middle-order recently, he can cover a number of positions for us," said Larsen.
"Ross is progressing nicely and is expected to take a full part in training tomorrow. The team are looking forward to what will be a special match beginning on Thursday."
New Zealand Squad:
Kane Williamson (c), Todd Astle, Trent Boult, Colin de Grandhomme, Matt Henry, Tom Latham, Henry Nicholls, Jeet Raval, Tim Southee, Ross Taylor, Neil Wagner, BJ Watling (wk), Martin Guptill
Police investigate the crime scene where political analyst Kem Ley was shot dead at a Caltex service station in Phnom Penh last July. Hong Menea
Subpoena issued for release of Kem Ley murder video
An American lawyer representing former opposition leader Sam Rainsy confirmed yesterday that an official subpoena demanding Chevron release CCTV footage of Kem Ley's murder was issued on Monday in California.
Chevron has 30 days to challenge the subpoena or supply the relevant evidence.
“Our communications to date have indicated that the company will likely challenge at least some parts of the subpoena,” said Rainsy's lawyer, Eva Schueller, via email yesterday.
On Friday, California judge Donna Ryu approved Rainsy's right to seek “audio and video recordings from July 1 through 14, 2016 at the Caltex station”, among other documents.
Ley was gunned down at a Chevron-owned Caltex station on July 10. Schueller and Rainsy believe the assassination was planned in advance, and Rainsy has called it a government-sponsored hit, which he hopes the extra two weeks of footage will help to prove.
People gather in huge numbers in Takeo province to commemorate the death of political analyst Kem Ley, who was shot dead at a Caltex store in Phnom Penh. Heng Chivoan
Gareth Johnstone, a Chevron spokesman, repeated claims yesterday that the company gave all copies of the footage to the Cambodian government, and declined to comment on the subpoena, directing questions to Cambodian authorities.
Khieu Sopheak, spokesman for the Ministry of Interior, said the police have no plans to release the footage, and bristled at the idea of US involvement.
“Chevron can do that but we do not obey,” he said. “The court of America has no right in Cambodia . . . We are not the 51st state of America.”
Contacting a criminal defense lawyer is very important when you are accused or charged with a criminal case which can have a very serious impact on your future. It is quite common that those who are innocent may also be accused of a criminal charge or one who has committed a crime may be treated unfairly at which times the criminal defense lawyer Houston can come to your rescue to protect your legal rights and help you understand the legal procedures. The prosecution must be able to submit court admissible evidence to prove your guilt and the defense attorney shall come up with aggressive defense strategies to question the evidences and witnesses that would help to prove your innocence in the court of law.
The Houston criminal defense lawyer takes up all types of criminal cases whether you are accused in a DUI/DWI, drug possession, theft, domestic violence, kidnapping, weapons charges etc. helping you with the legal procedures and working out with their team of experts and private investigators to get a break in your case and prove your innocence.
Based on the case and the circumstances the criminal defense lawyer Houston shall help you on how to present yourself in the court and the mistakes that you should not commit while speaking to the prosecution. The lawyer also comes up with his version of the consequences that led to your arrest and questions the evidence to prove your innocence and plant a doubt in the jury's mind. The defense strategies vary from case to case and you can actually leave everything in the attorneys hands who shall take all measures to ensure you are met with justice.
If you are caught in a DWI case the Houston DWI lawyer comes up with the possible defense strategies like questioning the validity of the tests conducted by the officer and the equipment along with valid reasons behind your erratic driving to convince the jury for your actions. The attorney shall also check if there is any violation in the constitutional rights in your case that can lead to immediate dismissal of the case from the court. The defense attorney shall try his best to prove your innocence in the case or at least have your charges reduced to a great extent by coming up with the best defense strategies.
You can look out for an experienced attorney who has the time and patience to take up your case and protect your legal rights in the court.
Are you searching for drug possession lawyer, criminal defense lawyer in houston then you are at the right place. At glaw.me you can find best drug possession lawyer We would be pleased to discuss any of your legal issues to find out how we may be of service to you. For more details about warrant lawyer houston Please visit our website http://www.glaw.me/criminal-defense.php
Contact Details:
Glaw.me
2016 Main Street,Suite 102
Houston
Texas
77002
USA
713-529-9200
You're probably familiar with those sweeping, romantic shots of the pyramids of Giza n Egypt. In photos, movies and textbooks, there's sand as far as the eye can see — and maybe a figure in the distance obscured by haze. It must surely take a train or a bus to get there. At least a camel ride.
Pizza hut with pyramids in the background. Source: Twitter
Well, for those who have never visited the Pharaonic structures or thought about what may surround them, this might come as a surprise: The pyramids are flanked on three sides by the roads and neighborhoods of Giza, a major city with a population in the millions.
The same goes for the Great Sphinx. A mere quarter-mile or so away sits a Pizza Hut with expansive views of the historic site.
Hundreds of feet northeast of the pyramid complex is the Oberoi golf course, where you can take in views of the Great Pyramid, one of the seven wonders of the ancient world, while you tee off. Just to the north is Mena House, an upscale hotel with similar views.
The road that brings you to the pyramids, Al Haram Street, has long been known for cabarets and other forms of risqué Cairene night life.
The images most people are familiar with are shot from a specific angle and include an expanse of sand to the south. The pyramids can look remote because they sit on a limestone plateau and are on a higher elevation than their surroundings. But if you look closely, you'll probably see city lights in the background of many pictures.
The Mona Lisa
So it's your first time in Paris. Like many tourists, you'll probably drop off your luggage and make a beeline for the Mona Lisa, Leonardo da Vinci's early 16th-century masterpiece. The downside of its status as the world's most famous painting is that it's protected as such.
Source: ©2018 THE NEW YORK TIMES
The portrait, which hangs in the Louvre museum, is a mere 30 inches by 21 inches and is kept behind multiple, alternating layers of glass and sheets of protective plastic. And then there's the rope barrier.
Behind that rope, 6 million visitors crowd the painting each year. Even if you get as close as is allowed, and you manage to catch a glimpse through the gap between two iPhones, you'll probably still have to contend with a barrage of camera flashes.
But don't give up on the Louvre. It's over 650,000 square feet and has a lot of important artwork that can be enjoyed in peace, like the sculptures Venus de Milo and Nike of Samothrace.
The Leaning Tower of Pisa
This medieval architectural structure in Pisa, Italy, also suffers from technology pollution. That obligatory “I'm holding it up” photo is hard to resist — the building now leans at about 4 degrees (it used to lean more). And these days, with smartphones in hand, no photos are “one and done.”
Pisa, Italy - August 17, 2014: The Leaning Tower of Pisa in the Square of Miracles (Piazza dei Miracoli). Source: istock.com
At about 190 feet tall, the leaning tower is somewhat underwhelming in size as well. And aside from the Piazza dei Miracoli, a cathedral complex of four buildings including the leaning tower, the city of Pisa doesn't have much more to offer.
Still, if you are in the Tuscany region, it's only about a mile from the Pisa Centrale train station, so if you're up to hop off and hop on, the complex is certainly worth a visit. You can even climb the tower's 300 or so steps, but you'll have to buy a ticket.
The Alamo
Much like the Leaning Tower of Pisa, the Alamo in San Antonio, Texas, is not as big as you might assume. The primary structure of the 300-year-old mission-era church is only 75 feet by 62 feet, and its limestone walls have been steadily crumbling for years; air-conditioning may be to blame.
The Alamo in San Antonio, Texas, USA. Source: istock.com
No photos are allowed inside, which might be a good thing, depending on your preference. Lines to enter can be long and parking can be tough, but it is free. Plans to significantly redevelop the area are in the works, including more green space for visitors, though these plans have been complicated.
And on the flip side, a destination that may exceed your expectations:
The Sagrada Família
The architect AntoniGaudí's signature church in Barcelona, Spain, is not as celebrated globally as Notre-Dame in Paris or Westminster Abbey in London, but its sheer size and unique details are awe-inspiring and may leave you weak in the knees. If you pay for an elevator ride to the top of the Nativity or Passion towers, the walk down involves long, narrow spiral staircases that are an unexpected thrill. Both towers offer dramatic views of Barcelona.
Cathedral of La Sagrada Familia. It is designed by architect Antonio Gaudi and is being built since 1882. Source: istock.com
Unlike many cathedrals, the Sagrada Família is airy and ethereal, with towering stained-glass windows in brilliant and bold tones. Bone-like interior columns were intended to mimic tree trunks in a forest.
Another bonus: It's located in the heart of Barcelona. You could easily visit the Sagrada Família in the morning, dip your toes in the Mediterranean Sea in the afternoon and end the day eating tapas and exploring the city's famously late night life.
The documentary short, "I Have Lost Myself" and video installation, "Give Me the Key" to debut at Manchester's Holden Gallery from September 22.
I Have Lost Myself
Contact
Ginger Liu
***@gingerliu.com Ginger Liu
End
-- Ginger Liu'sdocumentary short and video and sound installation,andis a powerful and disturbing compilation from 300+ videos, filmed daily over 30 days, depicting the raw and honest portrait of living with dementia and the blurring of artist process.are the words spoken by Doctor Alzheimer's first diagnosed patient with Alzheimer's disease.andis a powerful and disturbing statement on family relationships and responsibility.Born in Los Angeles and raised in England by Chinese and British parents, Ginger Liu's work investigates the intersections of memory, identity, culture, and performance.The MFA show exhibition is at Manchester's Holden Gallery from September 22 to October 7, 2017.A film by Ginger Liu@gingerliuThe Holden GalleryMA/MFA ShowGrosvenor Building, Cavendish St,Manchester M15 6BR 0161 247 17050161 247 170510 am - 4.30 pm dailywww.holdengallery.mmu.ac.uk
Guptill's gone again! Black Caps opener felled by another hamstring injury, set to miss T20, first two ODIs against Proteas
The strain is unrelated to the one that caused him to miss the final ODI against Australia last month.
A fresh demand has been made to lift the veil of secrecy surrounding Northern Irish political donations in the wake of the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scandal.
Alliance Party leader Naomi Long has written to the secretary of state calling on him to move to reform the law following suggestions of possible corruption around the debacle.
Arlene Fosters DUP has acknowledged the scheme was beset by failures, but stressed she has 'nothing to hide'
He has had the power to do so for years, but nothing has happened.
Mrs Long said it was “intolerable” that Northern Ireland is the sole part of the UK where major donors' identities are not known.
In the meantime, she called on the DUP – whose leader Arlene Foster was in charge of the Department for Enterprise Trade and Investment (DETI) in 2012 when the RHI scheme began – to voluntarily publish donor names.
The DUP has previously said that whilst it supported transparency in principle, Northern Ireland's security situation could leave donors at risk if they are named.
However, in its 2016 manifesto the party declared that the time is now right to bring the Province's donor law in line with the rest of the UK.
The DUP hit back at the Alliance on Sunday, accusing them of “baseless innuendo”.
Meanwhile, at the weekend, the DUP distanced itself from a party aide who called for a boycott of the News Letter due to its reporting of the RHI scandal.
‘CONSPIRACY VERSUS COCK-UP':
At a heated sitting of the Assembly to discuss the RHI scandal on December 19, MLAs of various parties said the whole fiasco not only appeared to have been the product of incompetence, but that it could potentially have involved corruption too.
At that time, Alliance MLA Steven Farry had told the Assembly that the lists of RHI recipients and the lists of DUP donors should both be revealed so people can make “a full comparison”.
“Everything may be perfectly innocent,” he said.
“But that important information should be out there in the public interest.”
At the moment, those who give £7,500-plus to party headquarters', or £1,500-plus to candidates or branch offices, have their donations recorded by the Electoral Commission – but it cannot publish them.
Northern Irish law states that the identities of all who gave money before 2014 (covering the time the RHI scheme was set up) will remain secret forever.
However, the secretary of state James Brokenshire does have the power to reveal details of donors who have contributed since then.
Mrs Long told the News Letter: “Ultimately he [Mr Brokenshire] has to take the decision to lift that.
“In saying that, it is in the DUP manifesto, clearly stated, that they support an end of donor secrecy.”
Therefore, she said, the DUP could just publish the names of donors itself – at least ones going back to the start of 2014.
She said if a full judge-led inquiry was launched it might demand even older records of DUP donors as part of the probe (although these might not necessarily be made public).
She added: “Regardless of whether the secretary of state sees urgency in this, I think the public see a need.
“I think ultimately the public want to be able to have trust and confidence their politicians are acting on their behalf, and not on behalf of special interests or individuals, or party interests.
“The only way we're going to prove that is the case is by publishing donors.”
In the absence of full transparency, people may “veer towards conspiracy, rather than cock up” when assessing how the RHI catastrophe was allowed to unfold.
NO RESPONSE FROM SECRETARY OF STATE:
The DUP has said that it is not within the party's gift to facilitate a comparison between donors and RHI recipients.
It said: “The DUP is not privy to the list of applicants to the RHI scheme.
“The Department for the Economy has written to all successful applicants seeking their consent to publish details.
“We hope that all those who receive such letters will respond positively and would expect that people who support all political parties and none would be included within it.
“The party is clear in its support for the introduction of a donations regime as exists in the rest of the UK.
“It is easier for political opponents, however, to engage in baseless innuendo rather than work to resolve the real issues around the RHI scheme.”
The News Letter put it to the party that, even in the absence of a change in the law in Northern Ireland, it can still choose to make donor details available.
It did not directly address this point in its response.
Mrs Long said that she had received an acknowledgement of her letter from the secretary of state, but no details of what – if anything – he plans to do.
The News Letter had also asked what the secretary of state planned to do, but has received no response from the Northern Ireland Office at time of writing.
Responding to attacks in the Assembly last month, Arlene Foster said “wild claims and allegations” were being made about RHI.
She acknowledged “shocking errors and failures” in the scheme, adding that “I accept responsibility for the work of the department during my time at DETI”.
However, she stressed she has “nothing to hide” in relation to the scheme.
The RHI scheme was shut to new applicants from February 2016, following a surge in demand.
It paid out subsidies to users for every kilowatt of heat energy generated, but had offered extremely generous terms – including a rate of subsidy which was higher than the cost of the fuel, thereby giving people an incentive to waste fuel (even though such usage is deemed ineligible under the scheme's rules).
According to an estimate publicised by the Sinn Fein finance minister last week (based on an as-yet unpublished accountants' report), over half of people whose boilers were inspected used the scheme in an ineligible way.
He estimated that the cost of the flawed and overspending RHI scheme to Northern Ireland taxpayers could be up to £600m over 20 years.
Randall Lorenz discovered he was adopted at the age of 16. He has been searching for his biological parents using DNA tests and genealogy websites for decades. After years of research, Lorenz has found his possible niece and meets her for the first time in Eagle.
Share Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license. Follow Futurity RSS
Twitter
Facebook
Newsletter
Feeling lonely can make us self-centered, research shows, and the reverse is also true, though to a less extent.
“If you get more self-centered, you run the risk of staying locked in to feeling socially isolated…”
The findings suggest a positive feedback loop between the two traits: As increased loneliness heightens self-centeredness, the latter than contributes further to enhanced loneliness.
“If you get more self-centered, you run the risk of staying locked in to feeling socially isolated,” says John Cacioppo, a psychology professor at the University of Chicago and director of the Center for Cognitive and Social Neuroscience.
The researchers write that “targeting self-centeredness as part of an intervention to lessen loneliness may help break a positive feedback loop that maintains or worsens loneliness over time.” Their study is the first to test a prediction from John Cacioppo and coauthor Stephanie Cacioppo's evolutionary theory that loneliness increases self-centeredness.
This kind of research is important because, as many studies have shown, lonely people are more susceptible to a variety of physical and mental health problems as well as higher mortality rates than their non-lonely counterparts.
The outcome that loneliness increases self-centeredness was expected, but the data showing that self-centeredness also affected loneliness were a surprise, says Stephanie Cacioppo, assistant professor of psychiatry and behavioral science at the Pritzker School of Medicine.
Not alone in feeling lonely
In previous research, the Cacioppos reviewed the rates of loneliness in young to older adults across the globe. Five to 10 percent of this population complained of feeling lonely constantly, frequently, or all the time. Another 30 to 40 percent complained of feeling lonely constantly.
Their latest findings are based on 11 years of data taken from 2002 to 2013 as part of the Chicago Health, Aging, and Social Relations Study of middle-aged and older Hispanic, African-American, and Caucasian men and women. The study's random sample consisted of 229 individuals who ranged from 50 to 68 years of age at the start of the study. They were a diverse sample of randomly selected individuals drawn from the general population who varied in age, gender, ethnicity, and socioeconomic status.
Early psychological research treated loneliness as an anomalous or temporary feeling of distress that had no redeeming value or adaptive purpose. “None of that could be further from the truth,” Stephanie Cacioppo says.
The evolutionary perspective is why. In 2006, John Cacioppo and colleagues proposed an evolutionary interpretation of loneliness based on a neuroscientific or biological approach.
In this view, evolution has shaped the brain to incline humans toward certain emotions, thoughts, and behavior. “A variety of biological mechanisms have evolved that capitalize on aversive signals to motivate us to act in ways that are essential for our reproduction or survival,” the coauthors write. From that perspective, loneliness serves as the psychological counterpart of physical pain.
“Physical pain is an aversive signal that alerts us of potential tissue damage and motivates us to take care of our physical body,” the researchers write. Loneliness, meanwhile, is part of a warning system that motivates people to repair or replace their deficient social relationships.
Evolution and loneliness
The finding that loneliness tends to increase self-centeredness fits the evolutionary interpretation of loneliness. From an evolutionary-biological viewpoint, people have to be concerned with their own interests. The pressures of modern society, however, are significantly different from those that prevailed when loneliness evolved in the human species, researchers found.
“Humans evolved to become such a powerful species, in large part due to mutual aid and protection and the changes in the brain that proved adaptive in social interactions,” John Cacioppo says. “When we don't have mutual aid and protection, we are more likely to become focused on our own interests and welfare. That is, we become more self-centered.”
In modern society, becoming more self-centered protects lonely people in the short term but not the long term. That's because the harmful effects of loneliness accrue over time to reduce a person's health and well-being.
“This evolutionarily adaptive response may have helped people survive in ancient times, but in contemporary society may well make it harder for people to get out of feelings of loneliness,” John Cacioppo says.
When humans are at their best, they provide mutual aid and protection, Stephanie Cacioppo adds. “It isn't that one individual is sacrificial to the other. It's that together they do more than the sum of the parts. Loneliness undercuts that focus and really makes you focus on only your interests at the expense of others.”
The Cacioppos have multiple loneliness studies in progress that address its social, behavioral, neural, hormonal, genetic, cellular, and molecular aspects, as well as interventions.
“Now that we know loneliness is damaging and contributing to the misery and health care costs of America, how do we reduce it?” John Cacioppo asks.
The National Institute on Aging funded the study. The findings appear in the journal Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin.
Source: University of Chicago
DAKAR, Senegal (AP) — The World Food Program says five people were hurt when a small plane with its humanitarian service was involved in an accident during takeoff from a remote airstrip in Congo's Kasai region.
A United Nations statement on Wednesday says two crew members and three passengers sustained minor injuries in the accident in Kamonia.
It gives no further details, saying the cause of the crash will be investigated.
The statement says the five people have been taken to a local medical facility and a helicopter and plane have been mobilized to take them to the capital, Kinshasa for further treatment.
Auckland Council has paid tribute this morning to the passing of councillor Dick Quax, remembering the Howick councillor as a fine athlete and someone who took food at night to the homeless.
A minute's silence was observed at the start of a meeting to make decisions on the council's 10-year budget.
Mayor Phil Goff remembered Quax as a friend and a New Zealander who performed outstanding public service as a Manukau City councillor and, in recent years, an Auckland councillor.
"But also for those of us who remember the 1970s as a sporting icon for New Zealand and one of our country's finest athletes," he said.
Advertisement
Quax's fellow Howick councillor, Sharon Stewart, described her colleague as a tireless worker for his community and someone who had very strong views, supported keeping rates down and spending money wisely.
She said some nights he would take food out to homeless people.
"He really did care for the people," Stewart sad.
Despite taking a couple of months leave in his fight against cancer, she said, Quax kept working in his community and worked to repair damage from April's storm on the Rotary walkway along the Pakuranga coastline.
Stewart said part of the walkway should be named after him.
Manurewa-Papakura councillor Daniel Newman said Quax was a man who never held a grudge and simply ran his race the best he could.
"We mourn the loss of a colleague, but I mourn the loss of a good friend," Newman said.
Left-leaning councillor Mike Lee said in many respects Quax was a political opposite, but he was an honourable man inside and outside the council chamber.
"He was a wonderful personality and I remember with admiration his points of order. He added value to this council and will be missed."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A former Stoke City youngster has signed for the Lambs after being on the radar for the last 18 months.
Defender Curtis Strong has put pen to paper on a short-term deal to join Tamworth FC from Telford.
Strong, who impressed Lambs manager Andy Morrel during his stint at the club the season before last, has been hotly chased by the boss as he looks to strengthen his squad for the remainder of the season.
Speaking to the Herald about the signing, Andy Morrell said: “We are really pleased that Curt has agreed to join us.
“We have been watching him for nearly 18 months and have been trying to get him with us for some time.
“He has got a lot of pace and can get goals even though he is more of a defensive player.
“We have got him on a short term deal and we hope he can hit the ground running and show us exactly what he can do.”
The 22-year-old started his career at the Potters, playing in the under 18s and under 21s, before making the move to the Lambs back in August 2015.
He picked up a serious injury which put him out of action for the whole of last season.
He moved to Telford but has now signed a short-term deal to return to the Lamb to the delight of his teammates.
George Delves, general manager of Tamworth FC, said: “We are really looking forward to getting Curtis back.
“He has got so much pace and goals in him as well. He was really popular when he was last here and I know that a lot of the older players are excited to see him back at the Lamb.
“Hopefully he will bring a bit of competition and keep the lads on their toes. He has got a chance to show us what he can do.”
Champagne West was an impressive winner of the Download The Free At The Races App Chase at Tramore on a good day for Henry de Bromhead. The former Philip Hobbs inmate was a second winner for De Bromhead on the card after Adreamstillalive won the opening maiden hurdle. He also enjoyed a double at Fairyhouse.
Champagne West (2/1) made every yard of the running for David Mullins – who was securing a treble – and was given a 40/1 quote for the Ryanair Chase at Cheltenham by RaceBets after his 12-length win. “I'm delighted, he got a great ride from David again. He just loves that soft ground, he just ploughs on through it,” said De Bromhead.
Agrapart won the feature Dornan Engineering Relkeel Hurdle at Cheltenham.
Lizzie Kelly had already claimed the valuable Betfair Hurdle on the six-year-old as well as becoming the first female rider to win a British Grade One on Tea For Two last season, but this year has been tougher.
Double
However, 2017 could not have started better as she rode a double, both for her step-father Nick Williams, and they can look forward to the rest of the season with optimism.
Having hit the front going well, Agrapart soon looked a sitting duck, with the favourite L'Ami Serge travelling strongly. He went two lengths clear at one point, but the famous hill claimed yet another victim as Kelly galvanised Agrapart to dig deep and get his head in front by a head.
“This horse is a legend, I knew he had a great shout. We came in quietly at 16/1 but the way he won the Betfair I knew he'd stay further and it's rained all day, which was always going to suit him,” said Kelly.
Shantou Flyer gave his new connections an immediate return on their investment by winning the BetBright Best For Festival Betting Handicap Chase. Formerly trained in Ireland by Colin Bowe, the seven-year-old was having his first run for Rebecca Curtis and his first since the Galway Plate.
ADVERTISEMENT
Village Vic gave his usual bold sight but went down by three lengths behind the 20/1 shot. Curtis said: “He jumped really well and came up the hill well. You look at him as a National horse as he stays so well, so maybe that's the target.”
Willy Twiston-Davies, in his return to the jumps, partnered Cogry (9/2) to an emotional success in the BetBright Casino Handicap Hurdle. His best friend, Ryan Hatch, is still in hospital after a fall from the same horse at the last Cheltenham meeting. Willie Mullins's hot streak continued after Next Destination, an 8/15 favourite, obliged in the last at Fairyhouse, with son Patrick on board.
On her eighth album the vocalist/composer focuses her creative vision on relationships with lovers, family, and friends. Recollecting You releases worldwide August 4, 2017, and is now available on Amazon for pre-order.
Recollecting You by award-winning jazz singer/composer Kathy Sanborn
Media Contact
Jim Eigo
Jazz Promo Services
845-986-1677
***@jazzpromoservices.com
Photo:
https://www.prlog.org/ 12646456/1 Jim EigoJazz Promo Services845-986-1677
End
-- Kathy Sanborn is a proven talent as a singer/composer/lyricist/producer/arranger, and in her newest release Recollecting You , she more than proves she knows her way around a love song.According to multi-Grammy Award winner Kabir Sehgal, "Between the irresistibly silky vocals and the muted, neo-Cool Jazz flavor of the accompanying music, Kathy Sanborn'sis a romantic tour de force. With a uniquely lush and powerfully emotive vocal style, Sanborn draws musical inspiration from the past while pushing the evolution of the genre ever forward."The ten original tunes address tender emotions from exultant to bittersweet, whether in the moment, anticipated, or recollected. Sanborn's velvety voice caresses the lyrics, musing on deep relationships including the romantic, maternal, familial, and friendly varieties. Regardless of the lyrical point of view, Sanborn creates a consistent mood while exploring the rhymes and rhythms of each tune, demonstrating that she's a storyteller of remarkable subtlety.Highlights from Recollecting You include:"The Boys Are Back Again," a flirtatious cooker that demands repeated listens."Recollecting You," which is introduced early in the album with poetically nostalgic lyrics, then reprised in a vocalese "Snowfall Version" as the CD's finale."Reflections in the Rain" presents a moody portrait of New York after dark, as seen at the end of a love affair. "Another Sultry Night": Sanborn's vocal treatment ensures the song lives up to its name. The simple but effective accompaniment lets her voice shine.An international cast of creative musicians joins Sanborn on, including Keerthy Narayanan, who produced the album, wrote the musical arrangements (Sanborn arranged the vocals), and also plays keyboards and bass. The India-based Narayanan, who also worked with Sanborn on her 2015 recording, is recognized for his contributions to the Grammy-winning album,. Also based in India are pianist Aman Almeida and drummer Abhinav Khanna. Rounding out the band stateside are guitarists Vito Gregoli and Ciro Hurtado, a Latin Grammy nominee; trumpeter Wayne Ricci, and violinist Rocio Marron.Listen to samples of Recollecting You on Soundcloud Fans may pre-order the album at Amazon.com For more information on Kathy Sanborn, visit her web site
Women, empowering you to rest, has all the earmarks of being upheld and settled. An astonishing escort organization will forsake you feeling euphorically at decrease and at the vague time calm the mind and whole body system. More Info: Escorts in Beirut, Escort Beirut, Escort in Beirut, Beirut Escort, Beirut Escorts, Escorts Beirut
Adele made an appearance at Grenfell Tower on Wednesday evening, less than 24 hours after a horrific blaze devastated the building, killing and injuring hundreds of residents.
The fire swept through the 27-storey tower block in just 15 minutes after a faulty fridge exploded, in what could be one of the worst in British history amid fears nobody on its top three floors survived.
READ MORE:
• Why Taika wants you to be more racist
• Kiwi ditched major role for risky new show
According to the Mail Online, Tottenham-native Adele made a stealth appearance at the vigil being held to support victims and survivors, as a number of Twitter users, including @FourMee shared images of the star at the scene where she was emotional and reportedly 'hugged and comforted' victims.
12 people are known to have died after fire engulfed Grenfell Tower in White City after 1am - but Scotland Yard expects the death toll to rise and some claim the actual number could be over 50.
Advertisement
With a number of stars donating to the fund and promoting the services offered to victims, Adele is in a minority in actually heading to the site to support those present.
One Adele fan account, claimed she was offering support to those in need, penning: "Adele was going around and hugging everyone she could to comfort them".
Other Twitter users who discovered Adele's attendance quickly penned: "I'm so proud stunning a humble & genuine human being like you. i love you so much, queen Adele...
The fact that Adele has gone to Grenfell tower and not said a word about it just proves how amazingly sincere she is.❤️ — ❤️ (@theonewithelly) June 15, 2017
"The fact that Adele has gone to Grenfell tower and not said a word about it just proves how amazingly sincere she is... Adele is an angel, she deserves heaven, the biggest heart ever, so proud of her."
In March, Adele lamented not being in her hometown following the terror attack in Westminster which saw five people killed and 40 injured, when a rampaging terrorist fatally stabbed a police officer before being shot dead by guards.
Performing in Auckland, she said: "Today there was a terror attack in my hometown of London. I'm literally on the other side of the world and I want them to see our lights and to hear us.
"It's very strange not being home, all I want to do today is be at home with my friends and family. All of them are fine but there are four people the death count was four at the time who aren't fine so let's dedicate this to them tonight."
The Super Bowl is the most-watched event every year on TV and that means plenty of people who don't care about football are tuning in, or joining friends for a Big Game gathering.
The NFL knows this and so do the sportsbooks, and that's why the pregame and half-time entertainment is important and so are the associated prop bets, according to sister site Covers.com.
People won and lost money last year depending on what color hair Lady Gaga sported during the halftime show and by how many times the TV cameras turned to Gisele Bundchen during the game broadcast.
The prop wagers this year range from what will New England Patriots' head coach Bill Belichick be wearing on the sidelines (my money's on the cut-off hoodie) to how many times will Al Michaels and Cris Collinsworth say “Gronk” during the game.
Here's a look at the craziest and most fun prop bets on the board at BetDSI and our feeble attempt at handicapping them.
Halftime
Justin Timberlake returns to the Super Bowl halftime show for the first time since the infamous wardrobe malfunction involving Janet Jackson in 2004. JT is out to prove he's no boob (sorry) by giving a performance your pastor will love as much as your teenage niece.
Bettors can take a stab as to what song will open Timberlake's show:
Can't Stop The Feeling! +150
Sexyback +175
Rock Your Body +400
Cry Me A River +500
Mirrors +550
Filthy +750
True Colors +800
Love Never Felt So Good +900
What Goes Around…Comes Around +1000
Senorita +1250
Suit & Tie +1500
Field – Any Other Song +200
He performed Can't Stop the Feeling! At the Oscars last year and the song was his first to hit No. 1 on the Billboard Top 100 in over 10 years when it topped in 2016. The Super Bowl is about playing the hits and usually condensed versions to fit as many songs into the limited amount of time given.
Rock Your Body was the tune being performed when JT upper-body pantsed Janet Jackson, so he might want to nip (sorry) it in the bud and avoid the song altogether. SexyBack or Can't Stop the Feeling! seem like the logical choices.
You can also bet the Yes/No on appearances made by other Timberlake performing friends like Britney Spears (Yes +300, No -500), Janet Jackson (Yes +400, No -500), Jay-Z (Yes +300, No -500), Madonna (Yes +400, No -600) or any member of JT's old boy band NSYNC (Yes +150, No -180).
If Britney made an appearance and there was another costume failure, would the headline on the back page of the New York Post be “Oops I Did It Again”?
Broadcast Booth
More and more play-by-play people are paying attention to pointspreads and totals, but Uncle Al has been on this corner since Sean McDonough was calling Syracuse Chiefs games. Bettors can gamble on if Al Michaels will say “underdog” (Yes -1000, No +450), “odds” (Yes -1000, No +450), “pointspread” (Yes +360, No -500) or “Vegas” (+Yes 240, No -300) while calling the contest.
Michaels has described his attention to the odds involving football games as his rascal tendency. My money is on gambling references early and often from the booth.
President Trump
Say what you will about the 45th President of the United States, but he is nothing if not interesting. One week everyone's talking about Fake News awards the next it's about Stormy Daniels and whether President Trump really did order a pizza with tiny pizzas as the toppings.
You can bet on whether Trump will attend the Super Bowl (Yes +360, No -500), if he'll do a pregame interview with NBC (Yes +360, No -500) and on how many times he tweets during the game – the over/underline is set at 5.5.
Commercials
Peyton Manning retired from the NFL but he has graduated to company pitch man. He was in plenty of commercials during his playing days and he stuck the landing by giving an undercover promotion to Budweiser in his final game as a pro.
Oddsmakers have set the over/underline at 2.5 in the amount of TV commercials featuring Manning air during the telecast.
Postgame
The forced Gatorade bath for the winning head coach has become a Super Bowl staple. Sportsbooks have long posted odds on what color spills out at the end of the game. The options are:
Clear (water) +200
Green/Yellow +300
Red +500
Blue +500
Orange +750
No liquid thrown +1500
The Pats sudden-death victory in overtime last year meant no shower for Bill Belichick. Since 2000, water has been dumped seven times, orange five; yellow two, blue one and four finishes without a Gatorade bath.
Awwww Factor
Finally, multiple sportsbooks are allowing bettors to wager on the 14th annual Puppy Bowl on Animal Planet which pits Team Fluff (-115) against Team Ruff (-115). If you're not familiar, watch and learn.
Team Ruff has won two of the last three years but Team Fluff did win last year. That's the type of trends and handicapping expertise our readers expect from us.
Editor's note: This is piece was originally published on Covers.com, a sister site also owned by Tribune.
Fibre Channel Adapter Market: Introduction
Network connectivity is the lifeline of any business enterprise as the adoption of data centres is on the rise. Fibre channel adapter is a hardware component implemented in fibre channel technology used majorly in storage area networks in commercial data centres. A fibre channel adapter uses the peripheral component interconnect slots on the server to a storage area network (SAN) that provides connectivity from a server to a storage area network (SAN). A fibre channel adapter can have one, two or four ports which depends on features such as redundancy or faster connection requires additional ports.
For more information about this Report visit @ https://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/market-research/fibre-channel-adapter-market.asp
Fibre channel adapter are used in various application areas majorly in the information technology industry. Further fibre channel adapters cater the need of enterprises in adopting cloud-based applications due to faster data transmission capability of these mediums.
Fibre Channel Adapter Market: Drivers and Restraints
Continuous rise in adoption of virtualized computing environments in enterprises, increasing adoption of data centres are major factors driving the growth of the fibre channel adapter market. Moreover, factors such as increasing adoption of big-data analytics and storage area networking (SAN) are also important factors resulting in the growth of the fibre channel adapter market.
Limited IT spending by enterprises, to reduce costs and increase ROI, is restricting the growth of fibre channel adapter market.
Fibre Channel Adapter Market: Segmentation
The fibre channel adapter market can be segmented on the basis of end-user, and region wise. On the basis of end-user it is further segmented as servers and storage, telecommunication providers, and industrial. Region wise fibre channel adapter market is further segmented into key regions such as North America, Latin America, Asia-Pacific, Western Europe, Eastern Europe, Japan and Middle East & Africa.
Fibre Channel Adapter Market: Regional Overview
North America is the largest contributor of fibre channel adapter market, followed by Europe due to increase in IT spending and increased server virtualization in the enterprises. Asia Pacific's fibre channel adapter market is expected to witness high growth in the forecast period due to growing demand for networking in enterprises and rise in professional services enterprises. Fibre channel adapter market in Latin America and MEA region is also expected to grow at a considerable rate due to usage of data centres in enterprises.
Request to Sample of Report- https://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/19639
Fibre Channel Adapter Market: Key Players
Intel Corporation, Cisco Systems, Brocade Communications Systems, QLogic, Broadcom, Chelsio Communications, Arista Networks, Mellanox Technologies, are some key players in fibre channel adapter market.
This should be the year your organization looks to dump its consumer file-sharing software. Don't get me wrong -- many of those services are great for individuals, but they're not really suitable for enterprises. There are other products, however, that offer the file sync that Dropbox and Box and others do so well and so seamlessly, while also providing enterprise-level controls around access, encryption, identity, and more.
In this article, I will compare and contrast three prominent services so that in the new budget year, you and your IT department can make the right decisions.
There are five key features that enterprises should keep in mind when evaluating products in this file sync space, and I've written this analysis with an eye toward these five characteristics:
Information rights management: An administrator should be able to control what happens to a file that is downloaded or uploaded from the service, especially when it comes from a user external to the company, and especially how that file can be distributed after it is downloaded from the service. (How many politicians from this previous election cycle might have wished for this protection?) A robust set of security features: You want single sign-on and federation or directory sync so your users get populated (and more importantly, depopulated) automatically, your data is encrypted both at rest and in transit, the service's data centers are compliant with HIPAA and all of the other industry-specific acronyms that ought to matter to you as an enterprise, you have granular file- and folder-level controls, and you have control over external sharing and collaboration.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Derby businessman is calling on the council to grit a ‘major' road into the city after two cars have crashed into his shop in three weeks during the snow and icy conditions.
Shane Douglas, of Ocean's Electricals, on Green Lane, could be forced to close his shop for up to three months, as thousands of pounds worth of structural damage has been caused following the collisions.
This footage shows the most recent accident, which took place on Saturday, March 17, when a BMW appears to lose control on the ice before striking the shop.
Shane is now calling on Derby City Council to place grit on Green Lane and Macklin Street before someone is seriously injured.
He said: “We all dread it when it snows, but in our case we are expecting another car to come crashing into our shop.
“We have had two cars hit the outside of the shop in the last three weeks due to the snow and ice, it is ridiculous.
“Green Lane is literally an ice rink and cars may as well be JCBs, as they just plough straight into it.
“The whole shop has moved forward and the ceiling has also come out of place, so it is totally unsafe for us to open up at the moment.
“I don't want to move from this spot, my customers are loyal to me and I want to be loyal to them, I just want something to be done to make it safer.
“I really hope the council look at this and grit this road, it is a major route into the city and they need to do something about it, as people will get seriously injured.
“I am amazed no one has been seriously hurt this time, but it will happen if nothing is done.”
The video captured on the store's CCTV shows a BMW come down Green Lane and strike the frontage of the shop during the snowy conditions, just after 11pm on Saturday.
This is the second time a car has hit the store in the last three weeks, as another car also crashed into the frontage when the beast from the East took hold in February.
Another video, taken moments before the most recent collision also shows a car and taxi in collision just outside the shop during the snowy conditions.
Derby City Council has been contacted by the Telegraph for comment.
We've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you're interested in.
To download the IOS app click here.
To download the Android app click here.
GOP congressman, Capitol police, others wounded in shooting
hello
WASHINGTON -- A top Republican congressman, members of the U.S. Capitol Police, a congressional aide and a lobbyist were injured when a gunman opened fire at a baseball practice. The assailant later died after the incident.
- Rep. Steve Scalise, R-La., House Majority Whip and third in leadership. Elected in 2008, he represents a district in Louisiana that includes New Orleans suburbs and the southwest part of the state.
- Matt Mika, former aide to Rep. Tim Walberg, R-Mich., who said Mika is a graduate of Adrian College and a former baseball player who worked as a volunteer at Wednesday's practice to help the congressional team get ready for the game. His family released a statement saying paramedics told them Mika was shot multiple times and is in critical condition. Mika is director of government relations for Tyson Foods Washington, D.C., office and has worked for the company for more than six years.
- Zachary Barth, legislative aide for Republican Rep. Roger Williams of Texas. Williams says Barth is doing well and is expected to make a full recovery.
- Special Agents David Bailey and Crystal Griner, members of the U.S. Capitol Police whose actions Speaker Paul Ryan credited with saving lives.
The shooter in the attack has been identified as James. T. Hodgkinson, a resident of Illinois. After an exchange of gunfire with police, the shooter died.
Protecting and conserving environment should be a constitutional mandate: Dr. Justice Arijit Pasayat
Report by Odisha Diary bureau, Bhubaneswar: The Vice-Chairman, Special Investigation Team on Black Money and former Judge of the Supreme Court Dr. Justice Arijit Pasayat has delivered the 16th Edition of Nalco Foundation Day Lecture Series on ‘Environment & Progress : Issues & Challenges', here today.
While introducing the topic, Dr. Tapan Kumar Chand, CMD, Nalco quoted the Atharva Veda stating “Mata Bhumi Putro Ahamprithivya”. While citing that our relationship with environment is like the relation between a mother and child, he called upon the mining fraternity to move from mere mining to scientific and sustainable mining. ‘Mining with the mind' is needed to bring the society onboard so that mining is done to obtain minerals for development and growth, environment is protected and promoted and society prospers and progresses. Dr. Chand reiterated : “As a responsible CPSE, Nalco, along with its business, has been laying emphasis on the promotion and maintenance of pollution-free environment in all its activities.”
In his speech, Dr. Justice Pasayat stressed on role of Indian legislature and judiciary in preventing the threats of modernization and pollution on environment. He cited various examples from his career as a Judge in the Supreme Court, wherein he dealt with various serious environment issues. “Environmental protection has now become a matter of grave concern for human existence,” Dr. Justice Pasayat maintained. “Therefore, protecting and conserving environment should be a constitutional mandate. There is constitutional imperative on the Government bodies not only to ensure and safeguard proper environment but also an imperative duty take adequate measure to promote, protect and improve the environment,” he added.
Also, on the occasion, scholarship cheques were handed over to 10 girl students from BPL families from Angul sector under the company's ‘Nalco ki Ladli Scheme' designed in line with the ‘Beti Bachao, Beti Padhao' programme of Govt of India.
The event began with the members of Nalco Mahila Samiti presenting a soulful invocation of the divine in the form of song and dance Shri B.K. Thakur, Director(HR) proposed a vote of thanks.
JOHANNESBURG (miningweekly.com) – Aim-listed Goldplat sold and transferred 28 534 gold-equivalent ounces during the nine months ended March 31, compared with the 27 714 oz sold and transferred in the nine months to March 31, 2017.
Gold-equivalent production for the nine months under review, however, decreased to 27 212 oz, compared with the 28 063 oz produced in the prior comparable period.
Advertisement
Goldplat's gold and gold-equivalent production, meanwhile, reached 6 966 oz for the quarter ended March 31, with operating profitability continuing at Goldplat's recovery operations in South Africa and Ghana and a continued reduction in losses at the Kilimapesa gold mine, in Kenya.
The South African operations produced 4 533 oz of gold and gold equivalents in the quarter ended March 31. Overall production was slightly below plan, but overall targets for the year remain on track.
Advertisement
Goldplat Recovery Ghana began pouring gold on-site during the quarter and produced 1 192 oz. An elution plant and associated infrastructure was completed to enable further beneficiation while fulfilling a requirement of the previous gold licence renewal.
Finally, Kilimapesa produced 1 241 oz – below plan – owing to lower-than-expected grades from the underground mine, as well as problems experienced with the crushing circuit at Plant 2.
Goldplat reports that cost- and metallurgical recovery optimisation are ongoing.
Giant wooden spools of fiberpipe are sitting outside in Freedom, Wyoming, waiting to be installed.
The Wyoming Business Council is seeking applicants for the new Broadband Advisory Council to help bring broadband to unserved areas of Wyoming.
WYOMING — The Wyoming Business Council is accepting applications through May 4 for people interested in serving on a newly-formed Broadband Advisory Council.
The Wyoming Legislature created the Broadband Advisory Council during its 2018 session to expand broadband opportunities to unserved areas of the state.
Advisory Council members will provide advice and make recommendations to the Business Council on:
An inventory and map of current broadband availability and identification of areas of the state unserved by broadband technology
Needs, practices, and technologies for providing broadband services in the most efficient manner possible
Ensuring state and local policies are conducive to development of broadband services
Advertisement - Story continues below...
The Advisory Council will propose to the Business Council a state Broadband Enhancement Plan for adoption by Sept. 1, 2018.
By March 1, 2020, the Advisory Council will propose recommended changes to upload and download speeds specified in unserved areas.
The Advisory Council will consist of 11 members of the public from across the state appointed by the Business Council in consultation with the ENDOW executive council.
Members will be from different areas of the state, have different interests and backgrounds, including economic development, government, broadband service, technology-related businesses, health care, education, library services and public safety.
Advisory Council members will receive per diem and travel expenses incurred in the performance of their duties.
Those interested in serving on the Broadband Advisory Council are encouraged to submit a resume and the attached application to Colin McKee at colin.mckee@wyo.gov.
According to a new report, Global In-Memory Database Market (2016-2022), published by KBV Research, the In-Memory Database is expected to attain a market size of $7.7billion by 2022, growing at a CAGR of 19.6% during the forecast period.
Superior data processing speed, cost effective RAM prices, and massive amount of data being generated from various industries would be the major drivers for the market growth during the forecast period. The global in-memory database market is segmented into application, data type, processing type, deployment model, organization size, vertical, and region. Based on applications, the transaction segment is the major segment with maximum market share, as the segment has gained significant importance among corporates and enterprises. The fast growing e-commerce industry has driven the trend of cashless payments mode across the world, which is a major factor driving the transaction application. Based on processing type, the Online Analytical Processing (OLAP) processing is anticipated to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period. OLAP systems are typically used for Business Intelligence (BI) and reporting, business process management, sales management, and forecasting.
On-premises deployment model is a highly preferred model as compared to the on-demand deployment model. The on-premises deployment model is a platform offering confidentiality and privacy parameters enabling companies to have a full control of the data; therefore, organizations mostly are adopting the on-premises deployment model.
Regionally, North America would be the leading region with maximum market share. The APAC region on the contrary would be a region with tremendous growth opportunities, and would grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period.
The report has exhaustive quantitative insights providing a clear picture of the market potential in various segments across the globe with country wise analysis in each discussed region. The key influencing factors of the In-Memory Database have been discussed in the report along with the elaborated company profiles of IBM Corporation, Microsoft Corporation, HP Enterprise Company, Oracle Corporation, SAP SE, CA, Inc., Teradata Corporation, Tableau Software, Inc. and Kognitio Ltd.
Full report: https://kbvresearch.com/global-in-memory-database-market/
Segmentation
Global In-Memory Database Market By Processing Type
Online Transaction Processing
Online Analytics Processing
Global In-Memory Database Market By Data Type
Relational
NoSql
NewSql
Global In-Memory Database Market By Organization Size
Small and Medium Businesses
Large Enterprises
Global In-Memory Database Market By Application
Transaction
Reporting
Analytics
Others
Global In-Memory Database Market By Deployment Mode
On-Demand
On-Premise
Global In-Memory Database Market By Vertical
Manufacturing
Retail
Telecom & IT
Government & Defense
Energy & Utilities
Transportation & Logistics
Others
Global In-Memory Database Market By Geography
North America In-Memory Database Market
U.S. In-Memory Database Market
Canada In-Memory Database Market
Mexico In-Memory Database Market
Rest of North America In-Memory Database Market
Europe In-Memory Database Market
Germany In-Memory Database Market
U.K. In-Memory Database Market
France In-Memory Database Market
Russia In-Memory Database Market
Spain In-Memory Database Market
Italy In-Memory Database Market
Rest of EuropeIn-Memory Database Market
Asia-Pacific In-Memory Database Market
China In-Memory Database Market
Japan In-Memory Database Market
India In-Memory Database Market
South Korea In-Memory Database Market
Singapore In-Memory Database Market
Malaysia In-Memory Database Market
Rest of Asia-Pacific In-Memory Database Market
LAMEA In-Memory Database Market
Brazil In-Memory Database Market
Argentina In-Memory Database Market
UAE In-Memory Database Market
Saudi Arabia In-Memory Database Market
South Africa In-Memory Database Market
Nigeria In-Memory Database Market
Rest of LAMEA In-Memory Database Market
Companies Profiled
IBM Corporation
Microsoft Corporation
HP Enterprise Company
Oracle Corporation
SAP SE
CA, Inc.
Teradata Corporation.
Tableau Software, Inc.
Kognitio Ltd.
Unique Offerings from KBV Research
Exhaustive coverage of In-Memory Database Market
Highest number of market tables and figures
Unique “Market Research & Analytics Tool” to provide instant comparative analysis within the report
Subscription based model available
Free of cost quarterly updates
Guaranteed best price
Assured post sales research support with 10% customization free
Related Reports:
North America In-Memory Database Market (2016-2022)
Europe In-Memory Database Market (2016-2022)
Asia Pacific In-Memory Database Market (2016-2022)
LAMEA In-Memory Database Market (2016-2022)
ANY hope that the second half of 2016, which coincided with President Rodrigo Duterte's first six months in office, would wash away the ills of the Aquino regime, turned out to be a grievous mistake. A mirage. As the year ended on Saturday, the annus horribilis of the previous year turned out to be much more livable than that which followed it. It was the exact opposite of what most Filipinos had expected.
Before DU30's watch began on July 1, when most people were saying they had seen the worst, I asked a group of enthusiastic partisans rather irreverently, what happens if Aquino's watch turned out to be better than the next? It seemed hardly conceivable then that a thoroughly unprepared and abnormal President, who was inclined to spend more time with his nephew at the PlayStation than at his official duties, would be succeeded by someone with more distressing qualities.
The seemingly inconceivable, however, appears to have happened.
What to expect this year
In 2017, we will have a “still popular” President waging a “popular” war on drugs that will continue to kill mere suspects while supposedly resisting arrest. Condemnation of the extra-judicial killings will grow, even as citizens, participating in opinion poll “surveys” express support for the regime they have come to fear or despise. More and more people will realize that beyond the gruesome killings, which now include minors, pregnant women and lawyers doing their legitimate jobs for their clients, the police and the state had become killing machines which can no longer be restored to their original state, or the status quo ante.
Although a Senate inquiry, initiated by the presidentially indicted Sen. Leila de Lima, had failed to pin down DU30 on the alleged Davao Death Squad killings when he was still mayor of Davao City, the current nationwide killings may have actually created a National Death Squad under PNP Chief Bato de la Rosa. Conscience-stricken policemen, who could no longer stomach the killings, could prove the first major problem for the NDS. This is probably where DU30's “Philippine Constabulary” could come in. Meant to include former members of the NPA, MILF and “vigilantes,” and to function as the equivalent of the “Republican Guard” of some fallen despots, this could become the umbrella for the NDS.
A more active Church
As in the years of martial law, the Church and religious sector will become more active in denouncing the atrocities. An increasing number of believers and churchgoers, convinced that the battle is no longer against mere flesh and blood but against powers and principalities, will be praying daily to St. Michael the Archangel and storming the heavens for a grand exorcism to rid the nation of the dark presence that seems to have come to possess the powers that be.
But DU30's principal preoccupation will be how to survive “plots,” real or imaginary, to remove him from the presidency. An alleged “blueprint” for his ouster, attributed to the former US ambassador to the Philippines Philip Goldberg, but denied by the State Department, is supposed to have given him a maximum of 18 months to remain in office. This fear will be heightened, rather than moderated, as he pursues his declared “pivot” to China and Russia, and they express strong support for his policies. DU30 will tend to assume that the alleged US plot to remove him will intensify as he moves closer to Beijing and Moscow.
Regardless of what the US will do or not do in response to DU30's foreign policy initiatives, closer ties with the two US rivals will embolden DU30's communist partners to fast-track their proposed communist takeover of the government. This could be done by declaring a revolutionary government, which abolishes the Constitution and the existing government, and puts DU30's communist partners in charge.
This would free him from any constitutional successor, who could be installed in his place in case he dies or is constitutionally removed. Instead of an elected Vice President taking over in case of removal or death, it would be his communist-in-chief, Cabinet Secretary Leoncio Evasco Jr., taking his place.
Most powerful, potentially dangerous
Evasco is the rebel ex-priest who managed DU30's presidential campaign, and is now in charge of 12 critical government agencies that used to be directly responsible to the President. Together with an array of selected full members of the CPP/NPA/NDF, he leads the Kilusang Pagbabago (Movement for Change), an embryonic political party supported with government funds and facilities that seeks full control of the entire government through the Office of the President. He is not only in charge of the powerful Presidential Action Center, he has also created under the KP, the equally powerful Office of Participatory Governance in the Office of the President, with two undersecretaries.
Evasco, rather than PNP Chief Bato de la Rosa, is said to be DU30's real “co-president.” He has become the most powerful and potentially the most dangerous man in the DU30 Cabinet. While DU30 curses his way to the headlines and unsettles the US and its allies with his un-nuanced foreign policy statements, Evasco does all the quiet work for the eventual communization of the Philippine government.
Fairly or unfairly, he is described by some as the real source of the controversial and constitutionally questionable PNP Command Memo Circular 16-2016 of July 1, 2016, which proclaims “the neutralization of all illegal drug personalities” as the principal objective of Operation Double-Barrel, the main program in the drug war. The circular was signed by the PNP Chief.
Evasco is proud to call himself a communist, while DU30 merely calls himself a “socialist.” Initially described as a “rejectionist”—meaning one who rejects the leadership of Jose Maria Sison, the founding chairman of the Communist Party of the Philippines, as distinguished from “reaffirmist,” one who affirms Sison's leadership—he is seen by some students of the communist Left to navigate a wider stream.
Smarter than Joma?
Where Joma Sison broke from the old communist party, the Partido Komunista ng Pilipinas (PKP) to found the CPP, on Dec. 26, 1968, and, with the reported intervention of the late former Senator Benigno Aquino Jr., form a partnership with Commander Dante of the New People's Army, Evasco is said to be more inclined to form a new communist party within the government and various elements of the CPP/NPA/NDF.
Because he is able to project this activity as enjoying DU30's full support, he is able to neutralize the opposition that should canonically and naturally come from the Armed Forces of the Philippines and the security and defense establishment. Thus, aside from Evasco, Agrarian Reform Secretary Rafael Mariano, Social Welfare Secretary Judy Taguiwalo, Labor Secretary Silvestre Bello III, and Executive Secretary Salvador Medialdea, plus a number of communist undersecretaries and heads of agencies being appointed without the benefit of an enabling peace agreement, contacts between DU30's communist partners and outside communist parties have been facilitated by the government itself.
During DU30's participation in the ASEAN Vientiane summit, Evasco and company were reported to have met with communist party members from Laos, Cambodia and Myanmar. On the 48th anniversary of the CPP founding in Paquibato district in Davao on Dec. 26, Interior Secretary Ismael Sueno was joined by Bello, Mariano, Secretary Liza Maza of the National Anti-Poverty Commission, labor undersecretary Joel Maglungsod, social welfare undersecretary Ma Fe Temple, Bayan Muna party-list Rep. Carlos Zarate and Anak Pawis party-list Rep. Ariel Casilao. At least six NPA armed platoons were reported to have marched on this occasion to shouts of “Love live the CPP and the NPA.” At least 2,000 others displayed high-powered weapons during the celebration, according to reports.
Unprecedented and unbelievable
A former AFP Chief of Staff and Secretary of National Defense has asked me to point out that nothing like this has ever happened before. Evasco looks so confident of success that as I mentioned in my last column he has started sending out to his friends photos of himself wearing a headgear with a big red star in front. I described it as a Mao-type cap in my column; on closer inspection, it looks more Russian than Chinese, which has reportedly become part of the KP leadership dress code. My apologies to the Russians and the Chinese.
I was in the Cabinet during the Vietnam war, and did not question the domino theory that was popular at the time. I saw communism as a serious philosophical, theological, political and social error, but I was never personally particularly anti-communist. I had friends who were communist or thought they were communist, and I have Marxist “friends” until now. But communism has failed—as we saw in China, the Soviet Union, Cuba, Vietnam and even Nepal. I do not wish to see its ideologyor methodology inflicted by any group upon the Philippines. This, however, is the danger we face right now.
After the end of the Cold War, and the collapse of the Soviet Union, which a recent Emmy award-winning documentary attributes largely to the efforts of St. Pope John Paul II, it became totally out of fashion to talk of communism as a serious threat to any government or nation. The Maoists in Nepal were the last to opt for peace and a parliamentary government. But Evasco's plan appears to have won the support of a number of communist parties abroad, from Germany, India, North Korea, Laos, Myanmar, Cambodia, Malaysia, Indonesia, and Australia, all of which seem to believe they could recreate a resurgent communist state in the Philippines.
North Korea is said to be the recommended model, with DU30 as the new Kim Jong-un.
Support from China
Logistical and financial support from China, possibly coursed through North Korea, cannot be discounted, especially if it could change the power balance in favor of Beijing in the South China Sea. Qualified analysts believe that arms landings similar to the MV Karagatan episode in Digoyo Point in 1972 could soon be repeated in Mindanao, to support Evasco's plans. China's support for the CPP/NPA was cut off after Marcos accepted the One China policy during the normalization of relations between Manila and Beijing in 1975.
There could be a change of policy after DU30's visit to China, when he said he would like to separate militarily and economically from the US, and align himself with China and Russia “against the world.” In Marcos' time, the CPP/NPA wanted to take over government from outside; today, Evasco would like to take over the government from within.
DU30 will continue to play a pivotal role in this effort for as long as he is needed. But in the days ahead, when he continues to repeat his familiar vulgarities and begins to lose his shock and entertainment value, the KP will emerge as the real power to reckon with. This will reach its high point if and when DU30 proclaims his revolutionary government, as expected, and puts the KP in charge. He then becomes completely expendable, as he himself has prophesied, and Evasco could dismiss him as a vulgar son of the bourgeoisie.
* * *
Catanduanes Relief
People who know I am from Catanduanes, which was battered by the last typhoon, wanted to know if they could send relief assistance to the victims through this space. Thank you. The best way to do this would be to send everything to Bishop Manolo de los Santos of Virac, who has organized the diocese and all the parishes for this purpose. Shelter materials are most needed.
fstatad@gmail.com
Akershus Fortress. Photo: Marie Peyre
Autumn has arrived in all its glory, and Oslo is ablaze with vibrant colours. But where should photographers go to snap the most dramatic foliage? Our travel editor Marie Peyre has some advice.
Akershus Fortress
There are plenty of deciduous trees within the grounds of Akershus Fortress, so this is a good spot to take pictures of Autumn colours. The small cobblestoned street leading up to the Resistance Museum in particular is quite striking this time of year. Look down, as well as up - it's not just the treetops that turn yellow, the ground is also covered in golden leaves.
Vigeland Sculpture Park and Slottsparken
A popular destination year round, the Vigeland Sculpture Park really comes into its own on a sunny Autumn day, when the vivid foliage makes a colourful background for the striking sculptures. Slottsparken, the park behind the Royal Palace, with its grand old trees and extensive lawns, is another good bet, particularly if you also want people to feature in your photos - the park is always busy.
Vigeland Sculpture Park. Photo: Marie Peyre
Slottsparken. Photo: Marie Peyre
Akerselva
A stroll along the Akerselva will also reveal many good subjects for photography, as the river winds its way past old mills, neighbourhood parks and hidden fishing spots, under old iron bridges and through many waterfalls. The stretch around the Sawmill Waterfall (Møllerfossene) north of Grünerløkka is particularly picturesque, and from here you can easily continue onto Telthusbakken, Old Aker Church and the Saviour Cemetery - all good spots for taking pictures of Autumn colours.
Oslofjord Islands
For a different perspective on the city, take a hop on, hop off cruise on the Oslofjord - a great opportunity to check out the many islands there, and shoot from the water as well as from land. Hovedøya, the island closest to the mainland, boasts forests, beaches and several interesting buildings, including a Cistercian monastery dating back to 1147. Part of the island is a nature reserve. Ferries depart year round from Aker Brygge.
Oslomarka
Want a full day snapping away? Jump on the T-banen and head to Nordmarka - Oslo's main recreational area, only a few minutes from the city centre. Here miles of tracks await, most of them going through forested terrain - another great destination for photographers in search of interesting Autumn motives.
Marka. Photo: Marie Peyre
Other good spots
Botanical Gardens in Tøyen, next to the Munch Museum
National Library of Norway (Nasjonalbiblioteket) in Solli Plass, whose huge facade is covered with red Virginia creeper
Picturesque Damstredet near Our Saviour Cemetery (see above)
Ekeberg Park, with the Oslofjord providing the perfect backdrop
Botanical Gardens. Photo: Marie Peyre
Happy snapping!
New Zealands number one ranked amateur Nick Voke has won his first stage at the Web.com qualifying school in Nebraska City after shooting a final round of 65.
Opening the event with an even-par 72, Voke then flicked the switch to record scores of 65, 66 and 65 to finish with an impressive one-shot lead.
With the second stage of qualifying clashing with the Nomura Cup dates (to be played 9-12 November), New Zealand Nomura Cup first reserve Denzel Ieremia will step up to take his place in the team.
"Its an exciting opportunity for Denzel, but I will enjoy this win and then get straight back to work as there is still a lot of golf to played," said Voke.
This is an exciting time in his already successful amateur career and his recent form couldnt come at a better time with the Asia-Pacific Amateur just two weeks away.
Voke arrives in New Zealand to prepare for this event on October 17.
FULL LEADERBOAD HERE
- This story has been automatically published using a media release from Golf NZ
Image: ANI/ File
During a press conference in Surat, Sadhvi Pragya said that Asaram is not guilty of raping a minor and god should acquit him.
Sadhvi Pragya said, "The court's decision will come tomorrow. The decision depends on the judge. But I want God to free Asaram because he is not guilty of rap from a minor. "
Sadhvi Pragya also gave a statement on the Kathua gangrape. She said that in Kathua, Hindus are not guilty and "After killing the child in Kathua, she was raped and Hindus were accused of it."
Recently, the Maharashtra Control of Organised Crime Act (MCOCA) charges against Lieutenant Colonel Prasad Purohit, Sadhvi Pragya Thakur, Ramesh Upadhyay and Ajay Rahikar in connection with 2008 Malegaon blast case were dropped by a special NIA Court. For INDIA News Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, Google+ and for news updates download our News App. - - - - - - - - - Advertisement- - - - - - - - -
With a special SC/ST court in Jodhpur all set to pronounce its verdict on Wednesday in the 2012 rape case against Asaram, Sadhvi Pragya Singh Thakur on Tuesday made a statement on the matter.
You know it is winter in Timmins when the watermains break. Colder weather is always one of the factors that play havoc with the aging infrastructure in different parts of the city. City workers and contractors had to contend with two watermain breaks on Monday. One was on Wilson Avenue, which resulted in the road being blocked between Mountjoy and Wilcox Streets. A notice from city hall advised that the break occurred on a main water line early Monday morning and the estimated completion time for the repair was 10 p.m. The second break occurred on Brousseau Avenue at Hart Street. It also was discovered early Monday morning and the city hall notice said work crews were hoping to have that job repaired by 10 p.m. For users who still have water but notice discolouration in the water, the city advises letting your water run until the water becomes clear. Discolouration is the result of the occurrence of the break and/or the shutting of water main shut off valves. Once the water is fully restored customers are asked to please let your water run until the water becomes clear.
WASHINGTON — Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen, whose term expires Saturday, will join the Brookings Institution on Feb. 5, the Washington-based think tank said Friday.
“I'm delighted to be joining the Brookings Institution,” Yellen said in a statement released by Brookings. “I look forward to continuing to study the economy, especially issues related to the labor market, and contributing to public policy debates on a range of economic issues.”
At Brookings, Yellen will join her immediate predecessor, Ben Bernanke, and former Fed Vice Chair Don Kohn. Nellie Liang, a longtime official in the Fed's Office of Financial Stability Policy and Research, also joined Brookings last year after retiring from the central bank.
"I look forward to continuing to study the economy, especially issues related to the labor market, and contributing to public policy debates on a range of economic issues," Fed Chair Janet Yellen said. Bloomberg News
Brookings President John Allen praised Yellen's service and said he was proud to welcome her to the institution.
“Chair Yellen has performed a great service to her country — the economy and the American people were in good hands with her at the helm of our central bank,” Allen said. “Yellen will continue that service through her research and activities at Brookings.”
Yellen joined the Fed as a member of the Board of Governors in 1994, and served as chair of the White House Council of Economic Advisors from 1997-99. She was appointed as president of the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco in 2004, where she served until her appointment as vice chair of the Fed board in 2010. She was finally nominated as Fed chair in 2014.
Yellen's quick move from the Fed to Brookings has some precedent. Bernanke, whose term ended on Jan. 31, 2014, joined Brookings the following Monday.
Sgt. Eric Ubalde is no ordinary soldier of the Special Operations Command of the Philippine Army—he is a man of many lives as his fellow soldiers would tell him. He had survived gun battles even endured gunshot wounds, four to be exact.
The first time he was hit was during the Zamboanga siege. The Moro National Liberation Front (MNLF) attacked them and he sustained a gunshot in his left leg. The second gunshot was during an encounter with a group of bandits in Jolo, Sulu where two Australians and Canadians were abducted. He was hit in the shoulder.
Then, in November 29, 2016, Sgt. Ubalde, who was with the Presidential Security Group (PSG) for President Rodrigo Duterte's visit in Lanao del Sur, was hit in the neck when his crew was ambushed.
He may have survived Marawi last May but he didn't leave the war-torn province unscathed. While clearing one of the abandoned houses, the Maute terrorists fired at the soldiers, hitting him in the face.
To date, three bullets remain inside his body.
“I still can't move freely because of the pain. The doctors said they will have it removed but we have to wait until the bullets emerge because a lot of my nerves will be affected if we do the operation prematurely,” Sgt. Ubalde explained.
While recuperating inside Fort Magsaysay Ubaled was chosen as one of the beneficiaries of Noble Bakers' Project by Aboitiz Foundation, the corporate foundation of the Aboitiz Group, in partnership with the Special Operations Command (Socom) Foundation, Inc. (SFI).
Through the program, Sgt. Ubalde along with 59 other wounded soldiers underwent a comprehensive bakery management training program provided by Pilmico Foods Corporation, the food subsidiary of Aboitiz Equity Ventures, Inc.
They were taught how to cost and develop bakery products, bake bread, cakes, cookies, pizza dough, among others.
Apart from the training, the Aboitiz Foundation also donated heavy-duty baking equipment like oven, mixer and baking utensils. Built by SOCOM, the Noble Bakers' Bakery inside Fort Magsaysay is now operational with captured market, which includes soldiers and residents inside Fort Magsaysay and even the adjacent schools.
According to Col. Rey Aquino, Deputy Commander of SOCOM, the earnings from the bakery will go to the dependents of the wounded soldiers.
“The proceeds of the bakery will so to SFI, our special operations foundation that supports our wounded personnel and those who give them care,” Col. Aquino explained.
The Aboitiz Foundation for its part is committed to providing assistance to those who need help the most.
“This project proves that we are able to make our resources more meaningful by using them to fulfill our promise of advancing business and communities by co-creating safe, empowered, and sustainable communities,” Maribeth Marasigan, Aboitiz Foundation First vice President and chief operating officer said.
Defense Sec. Delfin Lorenzana also expressed his deep gratitude to the Aboitiz Foundation for such innovative endeavor in lending assistance to the wounded soldiers.
“Noble Bakers is a good project that aims to benefit our disabled soldiers. I encourage all other Commands of the military to replicate this project as it is beneficial to the military community, the military dependents, and our disabled soldiers who can still and should lead productive lives”, Sec. Delfin said.
For Sgt. Ubalde, he finds great joy in helping his fellow wounded soldiers not with the use of guns or bullets but rather with the use of baking pans and rolling pins.
“Noble Bakers challenged me to enrich my skills outside the battlefield. In my little ways, I can help my comrades who are also in their healing process since the proceeds of the bakery go to them,” Sgt. Ubalde said.
Looking beyond, Sgt. Ubalde now has something to bank on when he retires from service as he hopes one day to put up his own bakery.
The Student sat down with the winner of this year's Student Association presidential election Eleri Connick to discuss her campaign, her manifesto, and being referred to as ‘Shrek girl'.
Why did you decide to run for EUSA president?
I have loved being Vice president of the sports union this year and I have loved working on widening participation, mental health and wellbeing, and sustainability projects. Sadly you can't really work on those areas if you are sports union president, as you have to focus on the clubs, which is obviously also important. I have been going to student council, because I have to as VP and looking at the projects that Patrick and the other sabbatical officers were doing I was just like, ‘I really think I could do that' and I have some ideas of what I'd like changed. I like making things better if I can.
Why do you think your campaign was so successful and why did you choose a Shrek theme?
So I think one of the reasons why it was successful was the Shrek. I think people remember that. I went with Shrek because I was trying to think back to successful campaigns, there was a Toy Story one and Bob the Builder last year for Bobbi and I was thinking I could do something with dragons as I am Welsh. We realised there was a dragon in Shrek and my flatmate said my policies could be like onions: they could have many layers and then it all came together. I am so glad I went with it, I don't think I would ever be happy to be referred to as Shrek girl but that week [election week] I was like yes, refer to me as that!
As you start your term, what do you think is one of the key issues facing the students at our university?
I think the backlash of the strike is going to be one thing because exam dates have been released but people don't know what they are going to be assessed on so. There is added stress then if students don't get the grades they need to apply for graduate jobs, etc. Also, a key issue is rent. The fact that the average rent is £550 is ridiculous.
Going back to the industrial action you mentioned, The University has recently been through a difficult few months with the controversy around the appointment of our new principal, as well as the strikes. What do you believe should be EUSA's role in supporting students through these times?
I think, sadly, the student association can't be as active if it doesn't know exactly what's going on either. There is no way to provide all students answers. So, I think the first thing is representing. Once we get answers and go along to meetings to find out what is happening with exams we can provide feedback. It is important to help students be aware of what they should be doing and how they can still achieve whilst at uni.
You also mentioned rent prices as a key issue, do you think it's realistic to keep down flat prices when a lot of the increase depends on the housing market and the fact that the supply of housing is likely to go down if prices are reduced, creating issues of a lack of housing.
I don't think naming and shaming is about rent caps, I think they are two different issues. We have this issue of ridiculous rent prices, but I thought it was unrealistic to put it in my manifesto. I know there is a motion at the moment in Scottish government about rent cap. The other side of it is making sure that if students are paying extortionate fees, they are being treated properly, so naming and shaming flat companies who are not doing that. My friend didn't have water for two days. If you're paying £500 a month you deserve to have running water. So the name and shaming is about ensuring that students are getting the right stuff for what they're paying and being treated as any customer would.
It has recently been revealed that our university is one of the least diverse in the UK and that many BME students often feel alienated and different. As president would you try and combat this? If so, how?
I think that's why it is so important to work with the liberation officers. Not just for BME issues but also LGBT+ inclusion. I think its great that Diva has done such an amazing job and is the incoming VP Education, so as a team we can really work on improving that community feeling. Edinburgh can feel like such a bubble and sometimes a harsh community to come into as you can feel that everybody is just the same. It is so important for EUSA to work with the liberation officers to ensure there are events going on. One thing Patrick began with was meeting the liberation officers once a week and I want to continue this as well. As the liberation officers are also part time students, and having done a role part time this year, I know how hard it is to get everything you want done. As a full time sabbatical officer I want to be on hand to make sure the liberation officers meet what they want to do in their manifestos too.
Speaking of manifestos, in yours you write: “More collaboration with societies, sports clubs and schools tackling big campaigns together.” Which campaigns/ societies did you have in mind?
I mean mental health awareness week, LGBT+ history month, even the sustainable ED week that we had in February. Cross collaboration [is important], so in November I organised an event in partnership with mental health awareness week and sport and mental health conversation event.[For example] We had Michael Jameson who is a former Olympic swimmer come in and tell us about how he had to retire because of depression and how it was really hard to talk about it in the elite sporting environment. It was such an interesting talk and bought in so many students that wouldn't usually think about this kind of campaigns as they are either very much in academic schools or sports societies. The cross collaboration meant that more students came together. I think speaker events like that are really good when there is an umbrella discussion engaging more than just one group of people.
This is the first year we have had an all female or non- binary EUSA team, what do you think about this?
Out of the [original] twelve candidates running for president there were four women, so the majority were men so I think its so exciting. Every sabbatical officer is coming from a completely different area.
On a more personal note, now that you are coming to the end of your time at Edinburgh, what has been your highlight of your time as an undergraduate?
That's so hard! The one at the top of my head is organising the sports union ball this year because it was the biggest one, we had fireworks, I wanted it to be a show, that was amazing. Also, meeting the people who are going to be my core set of good pals.
Finally, what is the best night out in Edinburgh?
Garibaldi's, because its free (apart from on Saturday)!
Photo by Andrew Perry
Guptill's gone again! Black Caps opener felled by another hamstring injury, set to miss T20, first two ODIs against Proteas
The strain is unrelated to the one that caused him to miss the final ODI against Australia last month.
Q: Is actress Jennifer Aniston starting “a company named ‘Celebrities for Trump'”?
A: No. Aniston supported Hillary Clinton for president in 2016.
FULL ANSWER
Jennifer Aniston hasn't said anything publicly since the 2016 election that would indicate she has changed her mind and is now supporting President Donald Trump.
In fact, the only thing we could find that she's said about Trump since he became president is a brief mention in an interview with Vogue magazine in August 2017 expressing astonishment that he won the election.
But dozens of dubious websites have posted a story with a headline claiming that the actress said she is starting “a company named ‘Celebrities for Trump.'”
More than 40 different websites posted the story on Facebook, where it has been shared more than 75,000 times in total. Some users of that social media site flagged the story as potentially false. It is.
The story is actually a mash-up of two stories that have nothing to do with a company named “Celebrities for Trump.” It takes content from two entertainment websites: toofab, which wrote about a skit involving Trump on NBC's “Saturday Night Live” in 2016, and Gossip Cop, which debunked a rumor that Aniston would sell clothes on the Home Shopping Network.
There is nothing in the bogus story about Aniston's fictional pro-Trump company beyond the made-up quote in the headline.
Businesses and organizations that form in the state of California, where Aniston lives and where Hollywood is located, must register with the office of the California secretary of state. A search of registered corporations and limited liability companies under the name “Celebrities for Trump” produced no results.
Also, Aniston gave $33,400 in 2016 to the Hillary Victory Fund, which was a joint fundraising committee for Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign, the Democratic National Committee, and several state Democratic parties, according to records kept by the Federal Election Commission.
And she posed for a picture with Clinton and jewelry designer Jennifer Meyer in August 2016 that was posted to Meyer's Instagram account with the caption, “We're with her,” a nod to Clinton's campaign slogan, “I'm With Her.”
Aniston's history of Democratic donations goes back further than 2016, too. She gave $28,500 to help get Barack Obama and other Democrats elected in 2008, according to FEC records.
Editor's note: FactCheck.org is one of several organizations working with Facebook to debunk false stories flagged by readers on the social media network.
Sources
Branch, Kate. “Jennifer Aniston on Bringing the #FreeTheNipple Movement to the Masses First.” Vogue. 10 Aug 2017.
“ACTRESS JENNIFER ANISTON: ‘ME AND ALL THE TRUMP SUPPORTER CELEBRITIES DECIDE TO MAKE A COMPANY NAMED “CELEBRITIES FOR TRUMP”, WHICH FIGHT AGAINST ALL ANTI TRUMP CELEBRITIES, I THINK PRESIDENT TRUMP NEEDS OUR SUPPORT'. DO YOU SUPPORT HER?” federernow.blogspot.com. 3 Apr 2018.
“See Why Jennifer Aniston & Donald Trump Aren't Pleased with New ‘SNL' Impressions.” toofab.com. 4 Dec 2016.
Weiss, Shari. “Jennifer Aniston Launching HSN Clothing Collection?” gossipcop.com. 26 Oct 2017.
Itemized receipts — Hillary Victory Fund. Federal Election Commission. 11 Aug 2016.
Jennifer Meyer. “We're with her” photo. Instagram. 23 Aug 2016.
Itemized receipts — Obama Victory Fund. Federal Election Commission. 19 Sep 2008.
GLADSTONE Ports Corporation (GPC) recently initiated voluntary groundwater monitoring at the Port of Bundaberg.
Elevated levels of per- and poly-fluoroalkyl substances, also known as PFAS, were detected at one of the five testing sites during this preliminary phase.
The levels were evaluated according to the Department of Health's Recreational Water Guidelines (Commonwealth).
The secondary round of test results indicated levels within the national water guidelines.
GPC chief executive Peter O'Sullivan said more information was still required.
"A groundwater model is also being developed in addition to the validation testing conducted earlier this month,” he said.
"The development of the model is still pending, but will help understand the nature and extent of the issue at the Port of Bundaberg, as well as whether any further investigations are required.”
An additional four bores successfully underwent preliminary testing, with two of these returning results above guidelines levels. These are industrial sites that are not in close proximity to the community, nor are they related to town drinking water supplies.
Cellphone video shows Nikolas Cruz planning Douglas school shooting Cellphone video released by the Broward State Attorney's Office shows Nikolas Cruz talking of his impending attack on Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida. Broward State Attorney's Office ×
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK Cellphone video released by the Broward State Attorney's Office shows Nikolas Cruz talking of his impending attack on Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida. Broward State Attorney's Office
I'd like to congratulate the Nepal-USA Chamber of Commerce and Industry for organizing this workshop and for highlighting the need for a compensation law in Nepal. One of the United States' top priorities is improving Nepal's investment climate- a necessary step if Nepal is going to meet its goal of becoming a middle income country by 2030. Nepal's economic development depends on attracting a significant amount of investment, both foreign and domestic. Attracting investment requires conducive environment for investors. Compensation law is part of that enabling environment. A compensation law that makes it easier for contacts to be enforced and disputes between businesses to be resolved is an important step in improving Nepal's investment climate.
The relationship between the ability to enforce contracts and strong a business climate is hard to understate. According to the World Bank, contract enforcement is essential to economic development and sustained growth. Why contract enforcement so important? Companies want to minimize risk: countries that offer strong mechanisms for enforcing contracts and resolving commercial disputes in a predictable manner become much more attractive for investors. Unfortunately, Nepal does not currently offer such a mechanism, and that creates a barrier for investors and entrepreneurs. The 2018 World Bank Doing Business Reports ranks Nepal 153rd out of 190 countries for contract enforcement. Without a mechanism to enforce contracts, business have to rely more on personal or family contacts rather than take a risk on a new and potentially innovative firm that may or may not be able to deliver. Banks are also less likely to lend to new and unproven firms. And of course, without compensation law, private sector companies are shouldering tremendous amounts of risk, knowing they have no legal redress if a customer or supplier does not observe the terms of a contract.
It is also important to note that merely having a compensation law on the books is not sufficient. The law also has to be fully and fairly implemented- which requires a strong, well functioning, and independent judiciary. According to the World Bank, countries with strong judicial system that effectively enforces contracts generally have a higher level of economic development. In countries like Singapore, or New Zealand, it generally takes less than a year to resolve contractual dispute, while in India and Bangladesh it takes nearly four years. When a dispute takes years to resolve, cost also increase. In several countries the cost of resolving a dispute in the judicial system often exceeds the value of the dispute, leaving business with no way to be fairly compensated.
Contract enforcement challenges are not unique to Nepal. In fact, many of Nepal's neighbors fare even worse in the Doing Business Report- Sri Lanka are ranked 164, India is 165 and Bangladesh is 189 out of 190 ranked countries. This data highlights an opportunity for Nepal. If Nepal can improve its own Doing Business ranking, it will gain a strong and compelling competitive advantage in South Asia. A strong and fairly implemented compensation law would be a step this direction. If Nepal can create an environment where contracts can enforce and commercial disputes can be fairly resolved, companies will take notice and see that Nepal is a country where it might be easier to do business than in some neighbors countries, attracting new investors that might otherwise have gone elsewhere in South Asia.
As you discuss the importance of a compensation law today, I would urge you to think about the economy of the future how can compensation law support not only Nepal's economy today but also in the years to come? My colleagues at the Embassy have spent a lot of time reviewing and proving input to the draft foreign investment bill. While the draft bill is an improvement over the current law, we have concerns that the bill will not provide the framework needed for the economy of the future. Nepal has a chance to continue on the path to economic prosperity by passing the laws and policies that help the foundation for the economy of the future.
And right now is the moment to act. For years, foreign companies have cited political instability and the inherent risk that accompanies frequent changes in government as a primary reason for not investing in Nepal. Now that Nepal has passed constitution and is forming a new government, one that will be in place for several years, now is the time to show that trade and investment can flourish in Nepal. Of course, it's not enough to say that Nepal is open for business –these words have to be backed up by actions. Laws and regulations need to be enforced-fairly and consistently and new legislation, such as a compensation law, is needed. Beyond legislation, the government of Nepal also needs to articulate a clear vision for economic development, a vision that transcends party ideologies and that endures beyond the tenure of the current administration. I hope that vision will include an environment in which contracts can be fairly enforced.
This chamber and private sector at large, has a golden opportunity to help build the foundation for Nepal's future economy, one that will help Nepal meet its goal of becoming a middle income nation by 2030. I know that the relationship between the Government of Nepal and the private sector has not always been an easy one, and I am certain that some of you have legitimate concerns about the new economic policies that might come out of the government. But this is also a time for new beginnings and optimism and hopefully an era defined by political stability.
I hope that this workshop will be the first step in eventually creating a compensation law that will help encourage foreign investment, promote Nepal's private sector and its entrepreneurs, and help unleash innovation to create new jobs for Nepalis. We stand by, ready to assist you. The embassy has already provided input and feedback into the draft foreign investment bill and the Intellectual Property Rights policy that was approved last year. We would welcome the opportunity to provide feedback on what a compensation law might look like as well, to provide insights from other countries and markets that have proven successful.
Michael C.Gonzales is a charge d' Affaires of US Embassy. Excerpts of the statement delivered at a Workshop organized by Nepal US Chamber of Commerce and the Embassy of the United States of America on Need for Compensation Law in Nepal.
The US Capitol Police officers who disrupted today's shooting at a congressional baseball practice are being lauded as heroes for confronting the gunman even as two of them were injured in the barrage of gunfire.
Their quick response in protecting lawmakers is exactly what the force is tasked to do.
"The Mission of the USCP is to protect the Congress - its Members, employees, visitors and facilities - so it can fulfill its constitutional and legislative responsibilities in a safe, secure and open environment," the police department says on its website.
Three Capitol Police officers were at the Alexandria ballpark during the shooting: Crystal Griner, David Bailey and Henry Cabrera. All were special agents and were part of House Majority Whip Steve Scalise's security detail.
Advertisement
After an Illinois man, James Hodgkinson, began to spray the field with bullets, at least two of the officers returned fire.
Hodgkinson died after the shootout. Scalise was hospitalised in critical condition. Griner was shot in the ankle, and Bailey was struck by shrapnel.
A Hill staffer and a lobbyist also were wounded.
"Many lives would have been lost if not for the heroic actions of the two Capitol Police officers who took down the gunman despite sustaining gunshot wounds during a very, very brutal assault," President Donald Trump said.
The history of the force dates to the early 1800s, when a lone officer, John Golding, was hired to keep watch over the Capitol after Congress moved from Philadelphia to Washington, according to a history of the department.
Congress officially approved the creation of a police force to protect the Capitol in 1828 after a series of security concerns emerged the previous year.
The new force was small: four officers who worked 15-hour shifts when Congress was in session. It grew and expanded over the years. The September 11, 2001, attacks on the Pentagon and the World Trade Center spurred a huge leap, from about 800 officers to more than 1700.
Today, more than 2100 officers and civilians work for the department, responding to issues such as suspicious packages, political protests and potential incidents of terrorism.
The force is also in charge of protecting the estimated three million to five million people from around the world who visit the Capitol grounds each year.
In 2013, the Capitol Police and Secret Service members fatally shot 34-year-old Miriam Carey on Capitol Hill after she led them on a car chase from the White House with her 13-month-old daughter in the back seat - a shooting that remains controversial.
In 2015, the Capitol Police arrested a man who landed a gyrocopter on the Capitol's West Lawn in a political protest.
And in recent months in separate incidents, officers fired on a 20-year-old woman after she fled a traffic stop outside the Capitol grounds and arrested pro-marijuana activists who were handing out free joints near the Capitol.
Officers also are charged with providing protection to House and Senate leaders outside the Capitol grounds.
Without the Capitol Police officers there as part of Scalise's detail today, other lawmakers said, the shooting that disrupted the GOP baseball team's practice could have been much worse.
"The only chance we had was that shots were returned by the Capitol Police," Senator Rand Paul, who was in a batting cage when he heard gunfire, said in an interview on Fox News.
Without the officers present, Paul said, the shooting would have been a "massacre".
Since the force's founding, four officers have died in the line of duty.
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Bearing Steel Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report CITIC steel, OVAKO, Sanyo Special Steel, Saarstahl, JFE Steel, Dongbei Special Steel, Kobe Steel, Carpenter Technology, Shandong Shouguang Juneng, Nanjing Iron and Steel, Benxi Steel Group, HBIS GROUP, Nippon Steel, Suzhou Steel GROUP, Baoshan Steel, Jiyuan Iron and Steel Group, Aichi Steel.
The report begins with introducing the global Bearing Steel market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Bearing Steel report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-bearing-steel-market/5891/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Bearing Steel Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: High-carbon chromium bearing steel, Carburizing bearing steel, Others.
Bearing Steel Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: Bearing rings, Rolling body, Cage, Others.
Key points in the Bearing Steel Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-bearing-steel-market/5891/#inquiry
From all of this Bearing Steel market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Bearing Steel market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Bearing Steel distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Rhythmic Circus
End
-- Old School Square to Present Nine Spectacular Concerts & Shows in March· Rhythmic Circus: Feet Don't Fail Me Now! – March 3· Shotgun Wedding: A NYCity-Country Band – March 5· O Sole Trio: From Pavarotti to Pop – March 9· Catch a Rising Star Comedy: Angela LaGreca & Dick Capri – March 10· Lorna Luft – March 13 & 14· The Klezmatics – March 16· Shades of Bublé – March 17-19· Neil Simon's BAREFOOT IN THE PARK – March 24-26· Linda Lavin: My First Farewell Concert – March 27-28Tickets Now On Sale for All Nine Fun-Filled Events at www.OldSchoolSquare.orgDELRAY BEACH, FL – February 13, 2017 – Old School Square is presenting nine spectacular shows and concerts in March. Tickets for all of them are available for online purchase now at www.OldSchoolSquare.org.March 3 at 8 pm (Friday)Rhythmic Circus:Feet Don't Fail Me Now!Homegrown hoofers from Minneapolis hit the road with a trunk full of tap shoes, funky costumes and a big brass band, ready to burst onto the stage with Feet Don't Fail Me Now! "Heatbox" the human beatbox, joins the swingin' seven-piece funk band to accompany each tap, shuffle, and stomp with a clang, riff and refrain. It's easy to see why this troupe was a 2012 winner of the Edinburgh Festival "Spirit of the Fringe" Award. In this joyous parade of genre-hopping music and hard-hitting percussive dance, the audience will be jumping out of their seats and dancing to the beat. Rhythmic Circus is a troupe of internationally renowned artists. Since their early start at a small theatre in northeast Minneapolis, they have grown into an international sensation touring to over 100 cities worldwide.Location: Old School Square PavilionTickets: $25 adult & $15 studentMarch 5 at 7 pm (Sunday)Shotgun WeddingA NYCity-Country BandLocation: Old School Square PavilionTickets: $30 general admissionMarch 9 at 8 pm (Thursday)O Sole Trio: From Pavarotti to PopLocation: Crest Theatre at Old School SquareTickets: $45 & $35March 10 at 8 pm (Friday)Catch a Rising Star Comedy:Angela LaGreca & Dick CapriLocation: Crest Theatre at Old School SquareTickets: $67 & $47March 13-14 at 8 pm (Monday & Tuesday)Lorna LuftLorna Luft performs her brand-new show, An Evening with Lorna Luft, a dynamic and emotional journey of music from The Great American Songbook, Broadway classics, production shows in which she has starred, plus a few special songs from her heritage.Location: Crest Theatre at Old School SquareTickets: $72 & $57March 16 at 8 pm (Thursday)The KlezmaticsSince their emergence more than 25 years ago, The Klezmatics have raised the bar for Eastern European Jewish music and helped to change the face of contemporary Yiddish culture. Often called a "Jewish roots band," The Klezmatics have led a popular revival of this ages-old, nearly forgotten art form. "The Klezmatics aren't just the best band in the klezmer vanguard; on a good night, they can rank among the greatest bands on the planet," raves Time Out New York.Location: Old School Square PavilionTickets: $25 general admissionMarch 17-19+ Friday at 8 pm+ Saturday at 2 & 8 pm+ Sunday at 2 pmShades of BubléLocation: Crest Theatre at Old School SquareTickets: $53 & $43March 24-26+ Friday at 8 pm+ Saturday at 2 & 8 pm+ Sunday at 2 pmNeil Simon's BAREFOOT IN THE PARKLocation: Crest Theatre at Old School SquareTickets: $57 & $47March 27-28 at 8 pm (Monday & Tuesday)Linda LavinMy First Farewell ConcertLocation: Crest Theatre at Old School SquareTickets: $72 & $57How to Get Tickets:Tickets for all nine concerts and shows in March 2017 can be purchased online at www.OldSchoolSquare.org or by calling the Box Office at 561.243.7922, ext. 1.About Old School Square:Old School Square is the center of arts & entertainment in downtown Delray Beach and has served as the community's gathering place for over 25 years. The historic campus welcomes half a million people each year for programs, classes, events and rental activities and includes the intimate Crest Theatre (in the restored 1925 Delray High School building) the Cornell Art Museum (in the 1913 Delray Elementary building), and the Fieldhouse (c. 1925). The Pavilion, which opened in 2002, hosts outdoor concerts and shows. The Creative Arts School (2nd floor of the Crest Theatre building) offers art, photography and writing classes. Old School Square also serves as a venue for community, corporate, private and media events. For information on all programs and services, call 561-243-7922 or visit OldSchoolSquare.org.Available for Interview:Melissa Carter, Director of Marketing & Public RelationsOld School Square561.243.7922, ext, 322mcarter@oldschool.orgMedia Contact:Gary SchweikhartPR-BS, Inc.561.756.4298gary@pr-bs.net
FORMER Health secretary Paulyn Ubial said she had some misgivings in continuing the dengue immunization program using Dengavaxia amid the advice of some experts with regard to its effects, as well as because of some perceived political agenda.
“I dilly-dallied. It was intentional because of the issues raised by Dr. (Leonila) Dans and his team and Dr. (Anthony) Leachon. There were issues of long-term safety and so I had to be very careful, go the extra mile, extraordinary diligence in implementing this program,” she said.
She also said that some members of Congress “pressured” her to continue the program, which was started during the administration of then president Benigno Aquino 3rd.
“I had no hidden agenda. It was unfortunate that before I became secretary of health I was a assistant secretary of health and at that point in time, sometime in March 2016 I was already objecting to the introduction of [the]dengue vaccine,” Ubial said during the Senate investigation on the Dengvaxia controversy.
She said pilot studies of a new vaccine were usually done on a small group — in 2002 on 40,000 people. “This vaccine has clinical trials for 20 years covering 40,000 people only. Why will you give it to one million children in one given year?”
“We do not, introduce and I told that to my program managers and that was unwritten law in the EPI (expanded program on immunization), we do not introduce new vaccines during election year because no matter how good that vaccine is,” she said.
“The introduction during election year will taint it as a hidden agenda of somebody. That's why we do not mix health and politics. It will destroy the vaccine even if it is effective and it is very safe,” she said.
Ubial was the first health secretary of President Rodrigo Duterte. She was replaced by Francisco Duque, former health secretary of then president Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo, when the Commission on Appointments (CA) rejected her interim appointment.
“When I became health secretary I'm sorry to say, and I would like to tell this that, it was very difficult for me to implement this program. But I had no recourse. I was already on damage control,” Ubial said.
“People were telling me, I wanted to stop the next delivery because only 200,000 were delivered in March (2017). The next delivery will be in August and in January (2018). I wanted to stop that to save the Filipinos P2 billion,” she said.
“But even in Congress, (they) were telling me, you will go to jail doctora if you do not implement this program. Because there is a contract you have to honor that contract and the expansion (of the program) to Region 7,” Ubial said.
She added: “Whatever decision I had, I had to vet it to an expert panel because I do not want to appear that I made unilateral decision or arbitrary decision because when I was a assistant secretary I was already objecting to the roll-out of this vaccine.”
The actress said the industry must do more to help women protect themselves.
Actress and comedian Dawn French has called on the acting industry to teach women how to respond to sexual advances.
She cited the allegations made against disgraced movie mogul Harvey Weinstein as she urged greater focus on “arming” young actresses against harassment.
The Vicar Of Dibley star, whose career in showbusiness spans five decades, said that, while she cannot control the behaviour of harassers, she has a duty to help protect the victims.
Dawn French attending the premiere of Absolutely Fabulous: The Movie (Ian West/PA)
She told Radio Times magazine: “I think that we should be arming our young women … They should have a script as to what to do.
“So, if they're asked to go to an audition and they are told ‘It won't be here in one of these public rooms, you're going to Mr Weinstein's bedroom', then they say no.
“There are out-points all along the way. And we, the mothers, we, the friends, we, the agents, we, the casting directors, have to say this.
“At drama school, actresses need to learn what's OK and what's not, and have a checklist of what you do and what you don't do, and leave at that point. Leave, leave, leave.”
Saying that men involved in sexual misconduct also need to change their behaviour, she continued: “I can't stop Harvey Weinstein, but I can arm young actresses, just like I would arm my own daughter, telling her not to walk in the streets at night on her own, get in a cab.
Dawn French and Jennifer Saunders at the Glamour Women of the Year Awards 2016 (Ian West/PA)
“I am going to arm all the young women around me as much as I can.”
The 60-year-old's comments come in the lead-up to a special festive programme, sharing favourite clips from her sketch show with Jennifer Saunders.
The show will also feature some new gags, including the pair's comical take on hit shows and films such as Gogglebox, The Handmaid's Tale and Wonder Woman.
Marking 20 years since the duo first brought their show to screens, French admitted that she would love to embark on writing a film together.
“I think she'd be up for it,” French said of her comedy partner. “Really, I just want to have time with her. And sometimes working with her is how we get time together.”
Radio Times out now (Radio Times/PA)
On the prospect of another full sketch series, however, she said: “It's where I'm anchored, in a way, but it's not something we should be doing that often. They're a young person's game: they're exhausting, and we can't play teenagers any more.”
:: Radio Times is out now.
© Press Association 2017
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach Pause
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
1:33 How to grill ribs: Tips from The Rib Line's kitchen
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
2:43 Take a look inside the historic Atascadero Printery building
1:07 California still working on getting young voters to cast ballots
2:48 Former Sacramento sex worker talks about life on the street
1:28 California Republicans get sweaty for dog safety
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
In today's Crawley Observer your views are wanted on plans to extend Queens Square regeneration work along Queensway, The Pavement and Kingsgate.
Crawley Borough Council and its partners want to continue the improvements underway in Queens Square along these main connector streets.
Also in the Observer a Crawley family have been left ‘heartbroken' following the sudden loss of their ‘little Michaela'.
In the East Grinstead Gazette headteachers have reacted with fury to the news £150million could still be spent on opening grammar schools by 2020.
In sport Drummy tells fans: We're building for better future.
We also have pages of readers' letters and news, politics, business, jobs, motors, and our WOW entertainments guide.
Pick up your copy today.
Don't miss out on all the latest breaking news where you live.
Here are four ways you can be sure you'll be amongst the first to know what's going on.
1) Make our website your homepage at www.crawleyobserver.co.uk
2) Like our Facebook page at www.facebook.com/crawleyobserver
3) Follow us on Twitter @Crawley_Obby
4) Register with us by clicking on ‘sign in' (top right corner). You can then receive our daily newsletter AND add your point of view to stories that you read here.
And do share with your family and friends - so they don't miss out!
The Crawley Observer - always the first with your local news.
Be part of it.
A flight management system (FMS) is a basic module of a modern aircraft system. A FMS is a specialized computer system that automates a wide variety of in-flight tasks such as reducing the workload on the flight crew and to determine the aircraft position. Global flight management system market is projected to grow with a healthy CAGR during forecast period owing to need of better operational efficiency and increased air-traffic. However, vulnerability of FMS to cyber-attacks might hinder the market growth. On the other hand, the growth in retrofit FMS market would provide lucrative opportunities for the market in near future.. The market is highly competitive on the basis of product quality and cost-effectiveness. Merger & acquisition are the major strategies adopted by market vendors to maintain their position within the market. Asia-Pacific is anticipated to lead the market in terms of revenue and growth rate.
Flight Management Systems Market Research Objective
To define the scope and simplify the research study based on fit, aircraft type, and region.
• Estimate the current market size and forecast the same for the period (2017-2024).
• Market share by revenue for each segment and region analyzed.
• To provide insights on the major market dynamics (drivers, restraints & opportunities) and their impact analysis for the forecast period.
• Micro and macro level analysis of the market to elucidate lucrative investment opportunities.
• Porter's five forces analysis to deliver a comprehensive buyer-seller scenario and the state of business environment.
• Identification of the flight management systems market trends in current scenario and its growth indicators.
• Benchmarking leading vendors in the flight management systems industry based on their strategic attempts, financial status, and other internal and external parameters.
Request Sample Copy of the Report@www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/flight-management-systems-market/request-sample
Flight Management Systems Market Segmentation
By Fit
• Line Fit
• Retrofit
By Aircraft Type
• Narrow Body Aircraft
• Wide Body Aircraft
• Very Large Aircraft
• Regional Transport Aircraft
Flight Management Systems Market By Region
• North America
• Europe
• Asia-Pacific (APAC)
• Rest of the World
Offered Customization
For this specific report, we offer 20% of free customization in order to deliver a tailored research report that specifically covers areas of client's interest in the flight management systems market. Following are some most desired customization offers on this report:
Geographical Customization
Split of the regional market into specific countries as per client's research requirements.
Further breakdown of the major segments into sub-segments (as per request).
Vendor Profile Customization
Further exhaustive analysis of additional companies operating in the market as per request.
Distinctive Requirements
Research report on flight management systems market covering specific country/region only.
Requests for data tables only (specific requirement to quantitative research).
Request for Customized Report @www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/flight-management-systems-market/request-customise-form
About Esticast Research &Consulting :
Esticast Research & Consulting is a research firm providing research reports on various industries with a unique combination of authenticity, extensive research, and infallibility. We provide syndicated market research reports, customization services, and consulting services to help businesses across the world in achieving their goals and overcoming complex challenges. We specialize in providing 360 degree view of the markets to assist clients in determining new opportunities and develop business strategies for the future with data and statistics on changing market dynamics.
Esticast Research & Consulting has expert analysts and consultants with an ability to work in collaboration with clients to meet their business needs and give opportunities to thrive in a competitive world. A comprehensive analysis of industries ranging from healthcare to consumer goods and ICT to BFSI is provided by covering hundreds of industry segments. The research reports offering market forecasts, market entry strategies, and customer intelligence will help clients across the world in harnessing maximum value on their investment and realize their optimum potential.
Contact
Esticast Research & Consulting
410 State Route 57 East,#206, Washington, NJ 07882
Tel: 1-908-379-7709
Fax: 1-908-379-7709
Email: help@esticastresearch.com
FILE- In this July 28, 2017, file photo, Jacksonville Jaguars defensive end Dante Fowler Jr., arrives at practice during NFL football training camp in Jacksonville, Fla. Fowler is determined to alter his image and change his reputation. Fowler was arrested twice in 17 months, including once in July. “From now on, when people say my name, I want them to talk about a soft-hearted, good guy,” he said. “A teddy bear off the field but a monster on the field. I don't need to be doing the monstrous stuff off the field.” John Raoux, File AP Photo
The House intelligence committee says it could resort to subpoenaing the Justice Department if it fails to answer its request for any evidence that President Donald Trump was wiretapped during the election.
The committee set Monday as the deadline for getting the information, but the Justice Department says it needs more time.
The committee now says it wants the information in hand before March 20 when it holds its first public hearing on its investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election.
A spokesman for committee chairman Devin Nunes of California, Jack Langer, says the committee might subpoena the information if the Justice Department fails to answer its questions.
Wiltshire Police Seize Designer Goods
Wiltshire Police are using a new tactic to tackle county lines, by seizing proceeds of crime including designer goods.
There has been a rise in the number of children or vulnerable people being exploited and used as runners for drugs gangs based in major cities.
In exchange for their 'work' these runners are bribed with expensive gifts such as trainers or designer clothes. But all too often, these young people are not aware of the associated risks and serious penalties they could face if caught.
Detective Constable George Booth, of the North Dedicated Crime Team, said: ''It's sad, but often, we will see young people arrested, released under investigation while enquiries continue, and then continue to work as runners for county lines drugs gangs. Being arrested doesn't seem to have any effect on them. But when we seize their expensive trainers under the Proceeds of Crime Act, we are essentially taking away what they have 'worked for' and we hope it will have an impact. For some of these young people, these trainers or designer clothes can be seen as a status symbol, and so losing that is pretty difficult for them to deal with.
"We will always deal robustly with anyone involved in the supply of class A drugs in order to show gangs from out of town that they cannot view our county as a soft target to commit crime in. As part of this, any items believed to have been obtained through criminal activity, whether that is phones, clothing, jewellery or cash, will be seized by our team.''
All this week, police are raising awareness of county lines as part of a 'Beyond the Beat' campaign to highlight some of the hidden demands on modern day policing.
NOTICE OF PUBLIC HEARING
The Charter Township of Orion Zoning Board of Appeals will hold a public hearing on Monday, July 23, 2018 at 7:00 pm in the lower level of the Orion Township Hall, 2525 Joslyn Road, Lake Orion, Michigan 48360, on the following matter:
AB-2018- 22, Kregg Richardson, 2200 Indianwood, 09-04-176-015
The petitioner is requesting one (1) variance from Zoning Ordinance No. 78, Article 5, Section 5.18, District: SE:
1. An 8' side yard variance from the required 20' side yard setback to allow an addition to the attached garage to be built 12' from the West property line.
You may send correspondence regarding this case to the Orion Township Hall, addressed to the Zoning Board of Appeals, or you may attend the public hearing to express your views and/or concerns.
A complete copy of the proposed ZBA application is on file in the Planning & Zoning Department and may be examined during normal business hours, 8:30 am to 4:30 pm, Monday through Friday, until the date of the public hearing.
Orion Township will provide necessary and reasonable auxiliary aids, and services for individuals with disabilities at the public hearing upon advance notice by writing or calling Penny S. Shults, Township Clerk, 2525 Joslyn Road, Lake Orion, Michigan 48360; (248) 391-0304, ext. 4001. Please contact the Clerk's office at least 72 hours in advance of the public hearing.
Loren Yaros, Chairman
Zoning Board of Appeals
Charter Township of Orion
Jared Goff's first season in the NFL wasn't as simple and quiet as he probably thought it'd be. The Rams were moving to Los Angeles and the stars of HBO's “Hard Knocks,” putting the team at the center of attention in the football world. Goff, being a rookie quarterback and the first overall pick, had cameras on him fairly often, putting him under the microscope from Day 1 of camp.
This year, things are much different. All the hoopla surrounding the Rams' move west has died down and Goff's expectations aren't as astronomical as they were a season ago when he was the No. 1 pick in the draft. Unsurprisingly, he loves not having cameras all over the facility filming his every move.
“It's great, man. It's a lot different. It's a lot different,” Goff said on the “Dan Patrick Show” Monday. “You know, those guys were good to us, but not having to look over your shoulder or think about ‘what am I listening to with my music?' or ‘what am I saying in the meeting rooms?' You don't have to think about any of that, you can just be yourself. It's fun.”
There are still big hopes for Goff in Los Angeles as he enters his second year, but his actions aren't broadcasted every week on HBO like they were in 2016. That should calm his nerves a bit, not having to worry about embarrassing himself on television.
“Oh yeah, all the time,” Goff said of worrying about having an embarrassing moment in front of the cameras. “You have to kind of think about it. You have some sort of perception that you'd like people to have of you, so you're thinking about, ‘Would this make the show?' You sure hope not. They say we had final cut until we don't, but it was overall a good experience.”
ARCHERY
Saxon
Saxon Archery Home Shoot 4 June 2017
3Arrow 1Arrow Total
BAGULEY Carl 294 dns 294
BEZUIDENHOUT Hannes dns 366 366
CHRISTENSEN Annette IFAA 298
DONALD Charlie 378 dns 378
GEORGE Aaron 252 dns 252
GRAHAM Rob 368 328 696
GOTT Adam 314 dns 314
GOTT Daniel 366 dns 366
GOTT Percy 366 306 672
HELMRICH Peter 384 396 780
KING Ella 378 dns 378
KING Leanne 360 388 748
KING Mitch 398 398 796
KITCHIN Micael 278 dns 278
LANGLEY Robyn 224 dns 224
LITTLE Andrew IFAA 332
McDUFF Rob 356 dns 356
MITCHELL Shane 292 dns 292
MORRISON Kurtis 280 dns 280
NASH Jamie 268 146 414
PETERS Frits 310 dns 310
SMITH Chris 344 dns 344
VOGES Brock IFAA dnf 29
VOGES Geoff IFAA dnf 263
VOGES Jasmine IFAA dnf 256
BRIDGE
Bundaberg
Monday gross N/S SELWYN NITSCHKE - BERYL TETZLAFF (1) PETER GORDON - ROBYN DEMNAR (2) E/W DAPHNE PITT - MARGARET POTTER (1) EDNA VANINI - MIKE VERDEL (2)
Wednesday gross N/S PETER GORDON - HUGH O'MALLEY (1) JUDITH ZELLER - JUDITH BELL (2) E/W VAL MANNING - MIKE VERDEL (1) RODNEY PERSHOUSE - STEVE TAYLOR (2)
Thursday gross N/S KEVIN CHAPMAN - TREVOR GALLETLY (1) KEVIN CARSON - MAUREEN CARSON (2) E/W DENIS DONOVAN - RHONDA CHANTLER (1) JOANNA GALLETLY - SHIRLEY PENNINGTON (2)
Friday gross N/S BETTY THEODORE - HEINRICH GLATTER (1) BERIS WRIGHT - IRENE REGAN (2) E/W BRIAN HEAD - MIKE VERDEL (1) JUDITH ZELLER - JUDITH BELL (2)
CHESS
Bundaberg
Weekly Chess Update from Bundaberg Chess Club for week ending 7 May 2017
Special Open Knight.
There will be a special Chess open knight on Wednesday, June 14, for both members, non members and any persons interested in Chess. The night will be held at the club house at the U3A rooms. Commencing time will be 6 pm. Any other information can be obtained by contacting Allan on 0417073094.
Introduce yourself to tournament chess!!
There will be group prizes.
Snack food
And it is FREE!!!
Attendance
Social chess was played for the 22nd chess night for the year. 7 players attended.
Chess Information
Chess information can always be obtained by contacting the Secretary of the Club on 0417073094
Committee Meeting
A Committee Meeting was held.
Great Learning Site
One of the greatest learning chess sites on the net is www.entertainmentjourney.com/index1.htm
Other Chess Sites worth a look
www.thechessworld.com
www.learningchess.net
www.ichess.net
www.chess.com
www.thechesswebsite.com (this site has some good voice tutorials)
State Tournaments
Wendy Terry Memorial 3 / 4 June
(President Martin Carter and Keith McLeod represented the club at this tournament.)
Gold Coast Open 23 / 24 June
Chess People Open & U1000 ACF Division 8 / 9 July
Bundaberg Two Dayer 26/27 August
Bundaberg Tournaments 2017
Wide Bay North Teams Championships for School Children:-
7 August (round 3) at Walkervale (The top Primary and Secondary team will qualify to play in the State Teams Schools Chess Championships in Brisbane in October!!)
Children's Tournament
31 October The Children's Team Chess Tournament at Avoca School
Sunday Tournaments for School Children
30 July, 20 August (not 27 August), 29 October, 26 November
Membership
We have 28 financial members to date.
Private Coaching
Private coaching continues. Some of the children are getting very good. There is a vacancy at present.
Club Website
The club has a website. www.freewebs.com/bundaberchessclub
INDOOR CRICKET
Bundaberg
Bundaberg Indoor cricket draw for our winter season. Stay healthy and play a great sport indoors.Wed 14/6/17 6.00pm Haz Beenz v Nielsen's Smashes (Rob) Pie Chuckers v G.O.A.T. (Shaun) 7.15pm R&C United v The Hunters (Rob) Go Hard & Go Home v Blood Sweat & Beers (Shaun) 8.45pm Bush Rangers v Stormers ( Rob) Bluey's Bandits v Avogo (Colin) Thurs 15/6/17 6.00pm SnT v The OCs (Rob) Coral Coast Ford v Chew for 20 Chew (Liam) 7.15pm. Dux Nuts v Dilligaf (Rob) Fair up R v Great Northeners (Colin)
INDOOR NETBALL
Bundaberg
Draw for Bundaberg Indoor Sports Centre 29 Bolewski St.
Tues 13th June. 4.00 - Junior C/B 7,8,9,10 (Lyn, Kelly). 5.00 - Junior A Prem Finals (Lyn, Kelly). 6.00 - Whipits v NFI (Shelley, Maddy Z). Golden Girls v Happy Chaps (Heather, Lynne). 7.00 - Destructive Divas v Bright Sparks (Heather, Lynne). Smurfs v Bundy Bears (Shelley, Lisa). 8.00 - Tryhards v Haz Beenz 2.0 (Deb, Kelly). Bauers Butchery Blitz v Hotshots (Heather, Lynne).
Fri 16th June. 6.00 - Gonna Make U Sweat v Nailed It (Deb, Lynne). Fired Up v Silent Killers (Betty, Noela). 7.00 - Swish Sisters v Under Dogs (Noela, Lynne). Norks n Nads v Just for fun (Betty, Lisa).
Bye Team Precision.
For more information contact Lyn 0407408966 or the centre 41531911 or John 0458280446.
PIGEON RACING
Bundaberg Homing Pigeon Club
Benaraby hosted the 4th sprint race of the season for the BUNDABERG HOMING PIGEON CLUB with a moderate South wind on the nose to maintain a no bias across the finishing front from Gin Gin to the coast. All interest focused on the ever popular "Dash For Cash” and a right dash it was for the 468 flying athletes contesting the event with a new race record set clipping 7.892m/m off the previously established race velocity. The persistent pursuit of entering mature racing pigeons into these sprint events has paid dividends for both Joe Schembri and Dave Burgess ensuring consistent top placings. A "ding dong” rivalry is in place and sets as a real contest for the top points in the short distance premiership points. In this event the 2- year- old Blue Check Cock of the Burges Loft prevailed over Joe by a neat 7.892 m/m. Other Coastal fliers, The Jockey” Dereck, Ricksta, and Bruce of Cactus Garden Lofts kept the Coasties in the top 6. In the Juniors Trent Burchard reversed his last performance to lead with his 2- year- Old Blue Bar Pied Cock by a neat 10min 9sec win. Keep up the effort Trent.
Results
1st Dave Burgess velocity 1115.343m/m
2nd Joe Schembri 1083.094m/m
3rd Dereck Newman 1081.884m/m
4th Rick Valks 1073.417m/m
5th Steve Hearn 1065.928m/m
6th Cactus Garden 1049.049m/m
Congratulations to all the place getters. 18 BHPC and 5 Gin Gin lofts represented the loaded birds. Basketing for Calliope 2 is Friday nite 5pm. "Load em Lock em” then enjoy the dinner with your Mates.
Bundaberg Racing Pigeon Club
This week's race results from 2nd 1770 a nominal distance of approximately 86km overall, flown on 03/06/17 and liberated at 9am.
BRPC Inc. results: 1st D & K Hamilton velocity 820.426 m/m; 2nd Sonico Lofts 773.565 m/m; 3rd N. Dickinson 773.250 m/m; 4th Jean Starr 769.208 and 5th T. Starr 721.778. The winning pigeon was BRPC 14 396 Blue Bar Pied, Hen and flew the journey in 1 Hour, 53 Minutes and 18 Seconds. Duncan and Kym had the leading clock again this week, being a clear 7 minutes ahead of 2nd place Sonico Lofts and only a mere 3 seconds separated 2nd & 3rd and a further 47 seconds for 4th Place. Duncan and Kym also won the "It's in the bag” pool bird competition. Each week flyers choose a pigeon of their choice as their pool bird and could win a bag of seed for their beloved pigeons.
MRPC. results: 1st Mark Hofer velocity 862.549 m/m; 2nd Jim Mullett 855.833 m/m; 3rd Alastair Mullet 696.961 m/m and the MRPC Junior; Henry Mullett velocity 755.961 m/m. The winning pigeon was BRPC 16 957 Blue Chequer Hen and flew the journey in 1 Hour, 34 Minutes and 37 Seconds. This week Mark clocked a very competitive pigeon. Not only winning in his club but also beating the Bundaberg flyers. Also, young Henry Mullett clocked a competitive pigeon, beating his Dad Alastair. Mark's pigeon was 44 seconds ahead of Jim.
There were 8 seniors and 1 junior competing with a total of 250 pigeons in this week's race, resulting in excellent returns. Congratulations to all the placegetters. Basketing for the 2nd Tannum Sands this Friday 16/06/17, 5:30pm at the BRPC Inc. Clubhouse, Skyring Street, East Bundaberg. Racing pigeons is a wonderful sport.
SHOOTING
Bundaberg Clay Target
Bundaberg Clay Target Club Inc held its monthly shoot on Saturday the 3rd and 4th June 2017 in light breeze on Saturday and cool and light windy conditions on Sunday. 9 competitors attended on Saturday for the Skeet competition and 23 Shooters attended the Trap competition on Sunday. Results: Skeet. Event 1: 25 target Off Gun cash divide. A Grade. No shooters B Grade. Ray Burrows 15/25 and C Grade. Brian Morrissy 19/25. Event 2. 25 Target Skeet Championship. Overall Rob Rehbein 24/25 A grade Rob Rehbein 24/25 and B Grade Kaye Rehbein 20/25 and C Grade Brian Morrissy 21/25. Event 3. 25 Target Handicap. 1st Angelo Didone 25/25, 2nd Bob Fisher 25/25 and 3rd Brian Short 24/25 all with Handicap.
Trap: Event 1. 25 target Double Barrel Cash Divides. AA Grade Rob Rehbein and Paul Rehbein 25/25, A Grade Brian Charteris 25/25, B Grade Ryan Howie 22/25 and C Grade Darren Large 24/25. Event 2: 30 target Medley. AA Paul Rehbein 47/50, A Grade Kaye Rehbein 47/50, B grade Jim Riggs 46/50 and C Grade Darren Large 45/50. Event 3. 25 Target Single Barrel. AA grade Rob Rehbein 24/25, A Grade Mel Zipf 22/25, B Grade George Christensen 23/25 and C Grade Darren Large 22/25. Event 4. 30T Contential. AA Grade Greg Mathews 30/30, A Grade Brian Charteris 28/30, B Grade Jim Riggs 29/30 and C Grade Darren large 26/30. Overall high gun for the shoot was won by Rob Rehbein with a score of 123/130. Good shooting everyone. Junior High Gun for the shoot was won by Brodie Charteris 104/130 Shooters next shoot for the club will be on the 1st July, 2017 with Skeet at 12.00 noon and Sunday the 2nd July, 2016 for Trap at 10.30am. Shooters and members a date to remember is the 5th and 6th August, 2017. This is our Two Day shooting carnival. Plan to have this day at the shoot. For further information on the club please contact Kaye Rehbein on 41513194 or at Rehbeins 35 Targo Street.
Rumours are carried by haters, spread by fools and accepted by idiots.. will soon clear things and media houses will be sued...
A post shared by Divya Agarwal (@divyaagarwal_official) on Dec 11, 2017 at 12:09pm PST
New Delhi: After the stormy entry of Priyank Sharma's ex-girlfriend Divya Agarwal in the house of Colors TV reality show Bigg Boss 11, talks of the show being rigged started doing rounds.It was being said that Divya and Priyank had broken up before Bigg Boss and that Divya had been paid a huge amount to appear in the show. It was alleged that the makers of the show had paid her a lot to break up on the show as it would increase the TRP of the show.A lot of people started criticising her for what she did onthe show.Now Divya is already under enough stress about Priyank and his fluctuating statements on Bigg Boss and seems in no mood to tolerate rumours.She posted a strong message for all the haters and also for media houses..Last week Divya Agarwal entered the house and said to former that she has broken up with him. She also said that he has hurt her a lot.After she left the house, Priyank broke down in tears and cried badly. Priyank then told Hina that they had broken up before entering Bigg Boss 11.Priyank Sharma has been in controversies over his relationships ever since he entered the house of Bigg Boss. His proximity with ex-contestant Benafsha Soonawalla had raised eyebrows. Then he talked about his girlfriend in US. However he surprisingly never mentioned Divya with whom he was seen on a national television reality show.
Nat Torkington has been active in web development since the early days of the web. He wrote the bestselling Perl Cookbook, and chaired conferences for O'Reilly Media for a decade. During his time at O'Reilly Media, Nat was an editor and then became a trend-spotter for the O'Reilly Radar group, identifying the topics to build events and books around. He has worked in areas as diverse as networking, publishing, science, edtech, and NLP. He now lives in New Zealand, where he runs Kiwi Foo Camp and helps startups grow.
Fitness is no longer taking a day off.
Beginning September 2, the Yukon-Kuskokwim Fitness Center will be open seven days a week, and a half hour earlier on weekdays.
The new hours will be Monday through Friday from 5:30 a.m. to 9 p.m. Weekend hours will remain the same: from 10 a.m. to 9 p.m.
Former Prime Minister Sir John Key says it is outrageous Facebook is refusing to pull posts that link to an entirely fake NZ Herald website in which Key is purported to endorse Bitcoin.
Key is featured prominently in the fake Herald web page - set up by an overseas website - which includes claims he had told Bloomberg he had invested in Bitcoin early on and an initial $1000 investment was now worth $300 million, all of which Key said was false.
The Herald is also fighting to have the website taken down.
Key, a former currency trader, said he had never invested in Bitcoin.
Advertisement
Key, who is the chair of ANZ Bank, said since the web page started circulating he had been contacted by people thanking him for the advice and saying they had invested on the basis of it.
He had contacted Netsafe to try to get the web page removed and to get Facebook to remove posts which linked to it, but Facebook had declined to do so.
"This is outrageous. People are at risk here and you'd think Facebook would take their responsibilities seriously."
Facebook has been contacted by the Herald for comment.
The website has also been circulated on Twitter via the @setzerralf1 account and while some other users appeared to take it seriously many questioned whether it was "fake news".
The Facebook post of the fake page Sir John Key is seeking to have taken down. Photo / Facebook
Key is also quoted as saying "I have invested in Bitcoin because I believe in its potential, the capacity it has to transform global payments is very exciting" – a quote that has been attributed to Richard Branson elsewhere.
The Herald is seeking to have the web page taken down – it features the NZ Herald's logo and home page but has the date of August 28.
It is not the first time Key has had to act to try to get false endorsements removed.
When he was Prime Minister he regularly had to ask companies to remove his image from their advertising material.
We chat to three local women who are taking part in Bank of Ireland Open Farm Weekend
Bank of Ireland Open Farm Weekend is delivered by the Ulster Farmers' Union and is sponsored by Bank of Ireland UK and supported by The Prince's Countryside Fund, NFU Mutual and ASDA.
Margaret Turtle along with her 9 year old daughter Megan and 4 year old Rose Crawford
The weekend would not be possible without the help and resources of Young Farmers' Clubs of Ulster, CAFRE, DAERA, the Northern Ireland Food and Drink Association, Food NI and the Northern Ireland Regional Food Programme.
Each farm has unique opening hours so use the website to plan your trip in advance. To locate your nearest free farm event, visit www.openfarmweekend.com.
‘We enjoy welcoming the public onto our farm
Helen Troughton is married to Philip and they run Armagh Apple Farm outside Portadown.
Sylvia Matthews teaching Rachel and James Beggs, from Dromore, how to plant seeds at Donagh Cottage Farm, Donacloney
They have one son Mark, who also works on the farm, and a daughter, Kelly who is married with two children. The family has taken part in Bank of Ireland Open Farm Weekend since it started in 2012. The Troughton family have been growing apples at Ballinteggart for four generations.
“I was brought up with ponies and horses so when I married Philip in 1978, I brought my love of horses with me,'' said Helen.
‘‘In 1985, we began the Ballinteggart Stud allowing me to work around home when the children were young. We also started a business on the farm making rosettes, a diversification project that has been going since 1994. In 2006 we began making our own cider and the range now includes traditional and flavoured ciders, as well as apple juice and cider vinegar. The joke is, every decade we start a new business so watch this space!
“Within the businesses on the farm, we have a great staff team - we are like a big family in one sense. If one part is busy, the others will chip in and help out to get things done. The stud farm is run by an experienced team that can run things day-to-day and keep me informed and involve me when management decisions need to be taken.
“Armagh Apple Farm has opened each year in association with Bank of Ireland Open Farm Weekend and we enjoy welcoming the public onto our farm. As well as guided tours of the orchards, production unit and bottling room, there are activities for the kids including treasure trails, an orchard train, a live demonstration bee hive, and apple peeling competitions, including the chance to make your own apple juice. You can see everything ‘from blossom to bottle'!
“For the mums and dads, they can get to try our ciders and we have a special photo booth set up for Father's Day which is on the Sunday. We have a host of apple based food stalls and traders, along with a BBQ and locally made ice cream.
“We're also happy for people to bring along a picnic - and if it rains, we have plenty of activities inside our very large farm buildings so you're guaranteed a great day out no matter what the weather is!
“As we have the Stud Farm, you may be lucky enough to see some foals which are just a few weeks old, and children will enjoy watching our pygmy goats playing!”
Armagh Apple Farm will be open Saturday and Sunday from 10am to 5pm, at 73 Drumnasoo Road, Portadown, Co Armagh, BT62 4EX,.
‘I've known nothing else but life on a farm'
Margaret Turtle is married to Victor and they have three children, Victoria (14), John (12) and Megan (9). They farm 500 dairy cows at Drumrammer Farm, outside Ahoghill, Co Antrim.
“This summer, Victor and I will celebrate our 16th wedding anniversary,'' said Margaret.
‘‘I grew up on a mixed farm so I've known nothing else but life on a farm! I enjoy helping out and pretty much put my hand to anything.
‘‘Last year, we invested in robotic milkers which have taken a bit of pressure off, certainly physically. Victor used to be up at 4am to start the milking so he doesn't have to get up as early now!
‘‘There is more computer work with the robots and we are still getting our heads around it all but in the long run, we will hopefully have more time to spend as a family. I would say to anyone marrying a farmer - be prepared for any eventuality! Farmers do work unsociable hours but it is very rewarding work too. You have to help each other out and do what you can, such as cooking for contractors - its all part of the job! I used to cook at Coleraine INST so that background comes in handy when you have a kitchen full of men to feed at silage time!
“We decided to open our farm because we are aware not everyone has access to farms and some children have never seen cows up close or watched them being milked. We recently had a class of school children visit us and it was lovely to see them take an interest in the farm - they were fascinated when they have seen the milk go from the cow into the jars through the clusters!
“Victor and I are both Christians and we are planning a short service on the farm on Sunday at 5pm to give thanks for all God has given us. It will certainly be a unique setting for worship!”
Drumrammer farm, based at 15 Drumrammer Road, Ahoghill, Co Antrim, BT42 2RD, will be open Saturday from 11am to 4pm and Sunday from 12noon until 6pm.
‘As a farmer's wife you have to be their best friend'
Sylvia Matthews is married to Brian and together they run a dairy farm outside Donaghcloney, Co Down with their son Jonathan. They also have a daughter, Naomi, who attends Loughborough University and studies sports science and mathematics.
Farm life was new to Sylvia when she married Brian 31 years ago.
“The biggest change I noticed was that you are living in your place of work,'' Dairy farming is very much routine as our cows are milked three times a day. ‘‘Some days are good and some days are not as good. As a farmers wife, you really have to be their best friend and it is also a very supportive role - you have to help them talk through things and listen and encourage.
“I used to milk but now Jonathan has finished his studies, I tend to feed the calves and be the general gofer - go for this and go for that! I did have my own business making jewellery when the kids were still at school. It helped to have a business that I could work around the home and not be far from the farm. I had my own income and a little bit of independence too! My background was as a banker so I feel comfortable doing the book work and all the paperwork that comes with a farm these days!
“We took part in our first Bank of Ireland Open Farm Weekend last year to help children see and appreciate where their food comes from. Farmers are also custodians of the countryside and it is also important we tell people the story of how we look after the animals.
‘‘The cows are bedded twice a day, they have their own dietician and someone checks their feet regularly - and if they are sick, the vet is called out. We take a lot of care with the animals and it assures the public when they see the high standards we adhere to.
“Now we have our first year behind us and know what to expect, we are really looking forward to hosting Bank of Ireland Open Farm Weekend again. While we specialise in dairy farming, we also got some baby chicks especially for the weekend - they have just hatched and I can't wait to see the faces of the children coming as they get to meet them and all the other animals!”
Donagh Cottage Farm, based at 15 Lisnasure Road, Donacloney, Co Armagh, BT66 7NN, is open Saturday from 11am to 4pm and Sunday from 12noon until 4pm.
On either side of Christmas day, three people died on Northern Ireland's roads – Amy Loughrey, Paulo Roberto Maia-Lopes and Stephen Martin.
It is hard to think of more devastating and horrific thing to happen at the height of the festive season than for a family to learn of such a sudden death when everyone is preparing for joy and celebration.
The danger on the roads was underscored again with various crashes, some of which we report on page 11 today.
But we also report on the overall death toll in 2016, which was one of the lowest ever.
It almost seems indecent to report such good news when there are people grieving from road tragedies.
But it is important that we do report the successes, because there is much to be learned from them that can prevent other people being plunged into grief.
Last year 68 people died, which was the fifth safest year since records began. Since 2010, far fewer than 100 people have died each year on the roads. Before that, the fatality total in Northern Ireland was always more than 100, all the way back to the beginning of records in 1931. Most years it was far in excess of that level, sometimes several times it.
As we report today, more than 700 people would now be dying on the Province's roads at 1970s rates, applied to today's traffic levels. In other words around 14 people would be dying each week.
Now, on average, the number is a bit over one person per week. With so many lives being saved, it is essential that we know what we are doing right.
Every aspect of car usage is safer now than in the 1970s: the cars themselves, the design of roads, training of drivers and the penalties imposed on those whose driving is below par.
There might come a day in which driverless cars eliminate almost all road fatalities. But until then we can cut current death tolls by scrutinising what we are doing correctly and doing more of it.
One of the world's most deadly gangs has infiltrated Australia - part of a sick plot to become the most murderous group on the planet.
There are fears the gang, Mara Salvatrucha, also known as MS-13, is already there with their graffiti tags spotted around NSW. The gang could be under a different guise and is going by the names "Tiny Devils" and "SPS-13" in Adelaide.
It is understood they've been targeting Australia to tap into the booming (and lucrative) drug market there.
THEY'LL CUT OFF YOUR HANDS
Born on the rough streets of Los Angeles in the 1980s by refugees from El Salvador, the deadly gang have since spread to Mexico, Canada and other parts of the US.
Often terrifying to look at, gang members sometimes cover their entire faces in tattoos.
They are known to be particularly deadly, and use violence against people who disrespect them.
More than 100,000 members across the globe have joined the group. Some of them have been convicted of rape or murder, motivated by revenge.
Some members are as young as eight and any new member has to suffer through an initiation of being brutally kicked and punched.
The gang above all values loyalty and if any gang member proves to be disloyal, they will be punished and either murdered or have their hands cut off.
Continued below.
Related Content Gangster's moll jailed for plot to uncover the identity of anonymous witness The ethics of prostitution: Selling sex out of the shadows Man slammed for inking gangster tattoos on his cat
There are many members who now live in El Salvador, and they're so vicious, a separate prison has been set up just for them.
Those in lock-up thrust their hands through metal prison bars and shape them like devils' horns - and even some prison guards are too scared to go to the cells.
El Salvador is one of the most violent countries in the world, according to United Nations, which said it had a 2012 murder rate of 41.2 homicides per 100,000 people, projected to have become 91 per 100,000 in 2015.
GANG ATTRACTED TO AUSTRALIA'S DRUG MARKET
The Australian Federal Police is remaining tight-lipped about the gang but it is believed they are attracted to Australia's booming drug market.
The gang has previously been linked to Mexican drug lord El Chapo and they have plans to team up with Australia's outlaw motorcycle gangs.
US Homeland Security's special agent in charge, Mark Selby, told the Herald Sun it was an extremely violent gang to be entering Australia.
"MS-13 are opportunists ... We are concerned that (if) they partner with criminal groups like outlaw motorcycle gangs, it will make them more devastating," he said.
The gang mainly focuses on extortion and drug distribution and Selby said members "are brutally violent".
The Herald Sun reports the gang could be storming Western Australia, NSW and Victoria as well as South Australia.
Frighteningly, MS-13 wants to be the gang that has the highest number of killings across the world and the gang may have been infiltrating Australia secretly and slowly for some time.
There have been reports the inked up members are looking for "cleanskins" to join their group so they can commit crimes inconspicuously.
They first made their presence in Australia known when they tagged a garage door in Bondi with their gang name in 2015.
Letterboxes and walls in the suburb were also sprayed with bright blue graffiti and residents became fearful.
Australian Criminal Intelligence chief executive Chris Dawson told the Daily Mail Mexican cartel activity had started to emerge in Australia around 2014, which could be a sign the gang is establishing itself in Australia.
"In July (2014) the Australian Crime Commission was involved in the arrest of two men allegedly linked to the drug cartel," he said.
Selby believes Australian authorities will be able to handle the gang because of their experience with the outlaw bikie gangs.
"I've no doubt the authorities will be able to deal with it," he said.
- news.com.au
An Australian eyewear company has apologised for filming part of an advertising campaign at a World War II death camp in Croatia, claiming it was “completely unaware of the sensitivity” of the site.
Valley Eyewear published a series of photos and videos taken on a trip to Eastern Europe earlier this year in which models are seen posing in sunglasses at sites including the Flower Memorial at Jasenovac, a World War II-era death camp run by Croatia's pro-Nazi Ustasha movement.
The memorial is dedicated to the tens of thousands of Serbs, Jews, Roma and anti-fascists killed at the camp in the 1940s.
The campaign has now been removed, but screenshots by social media users show that alongside the images from the site, Valley Eyewear posted promotional messages saying the footage for its ‘Black Zero' line of sunglasses was shot at one of World War II's “most historic and darkest locations... in memory of the tens of thousands of people that perished on this site.”
Outraged social media users criticised the firm for using the site in a fashion campaign, saying it was offensive to the more than 83,000 people killed at the camp.
In a statement to Euronews, Valley Eyewear director Michael Crawley said the campaign, shot in Croatia, Serbia and Bosnia, sought to document Spomenik architecture locations.
“Valley Eyewear was completely unaware of the sensitivity of a number of the locations, in particular the Jasenovac site where a photoshoot was undertaken for approximately 30 minutes,” he said.
He added that Valley Eyewear had deleted the material from all online and social media platforms and had contacted the director of Jasenovac and the head of the Australian Jewish Community “to give our assurance that Valley Eyewear was completely unaware of the sensitivity of the sites in question and apologise completely.”
When asked to clarify his claims that Valley Eyewear was not aware of the “sensitivity” of the site despite promoting the material as being shot at one of World War II's “darkest locations”, Crawley declined to comment.
“We are a respectful company we would NEVER want to offend anyone,” he said by email.
As of Wednesday morning, the company's Twitter account appeared to have been deactivated, but Valley Eyewear would not comment on whether it was linked to the campaign or when it would return.
A team led by New Zealand scientists think they've found a vital clue to developing the first treatment for Huntington's Disease.
The debilitating neurological disorder can lead to extensive loss of control over bodily movement, dementia and psychological disturbance and eventually premature death.
It directly affects one every 10,000 people and there is no treatment for it.
Now, international researchers led Professor Russell Snell and Dr Renee Handley, of the University of Auckland's School of Biological Sciences and Centre for Brain Research, have pinpointed one of the very earliest changes in the brain that results in the disease.
Advertisement
Their work, just published in prestigious scientific journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, identified elevated levels of the chemical urea in the brain of a transgenic sheep model, which matches those of human brains affected by Huntington's.
Because it is known that neurons are lost in the brain before any symptoms of Huntington's show, the long-term research focus of the group has been to determine the first biochemical change caused by the gene that leads to the cell death.
Results from the five-year study show that the Huntington's sheep model, which is symptom-free but carries the mutant form of the human huntingtin gene, have the same increase in urea in the brain as the post-mortem brains of people who have died of Huntington's.
Urea is a naturally occurring chemical in the body, produced from ammonia. Both are normally excreted as they are toxic to cells.
"Genetic disorders of the urea system result in increased levels of ammonia and urea, causing severe neurological symptoms," Handley said.
The findings clearly pointed to brain urea, or ammonia, as a therapeutic target for Huntington's disease.
"What gives us hope is that treatments already exist for reducing urea and ammonia in the brain.
"These could very simply be tested in Huntington's disease, initially using our sheep model."
Snell was part of the international team that identified the gene mutation that causes Huntington's in 1993.
"The next step, which we have already begun, is testing how we might treat Huntington's disease with this knowledge.
"It is a terrible disorder, devastating for families and our focus is on discovering a therapy as quickly as possible."
Meanwhile, the first drug targeting the cause of Huntington's disease was found to be safe and well-tolerated in its first human trial.
University College London (UCL) scientists have been monitoring a human clinical trial of a drug that successfully lowered the level of the harmful huntingtin protein in the nervous system.
After more than a decade in pre-clinical development, this first human trial of huntingtin-lowering drug began in late 2015, with sponsorship by Ionis Pharmaceuticals.
The trial involved enrolling 46 patients with early Huntington's disease at nine study centres in the UK, Germany and Canada.
Each patient received four doses of either IONIS-HTTRx or a placebo, given by injection into the spinal fluid to enable it to reach the brain.
As the phase trial progressed, the dose of IONIS-HTTRx was increased several times, according to the ascending-dose trial design.
"The results of this trial are of ground-breaking importance for Huntington's disease patients and families," said Professor Sarah Tabrizi, director of University College London's Huntington's Disease Centre.
"For the first time a drug has lowered the level of the toxic disease-causing protein in the nervous system, and the drug was safe and well-tolerated.
"The key now is to move quickly to a larger trial to test whether the drug slows disease progression."
Makenzzi Lea Nix was killed in the rollover crash in northwest Las Vegas. (Source: Nix's family)
A teenager killed in a rollover crash at Sky Pointe Drive, near U.S. 95 and the Kyle Canyon Road exit Friday night has been identified.
Makenzzi Lea Nix, 16, died in the crash. The Clark County Coroner's Officer erroneously spelled her name Mcenzzi, according to family.
Police said the driver of a 2003 Chevrolet Silverado, Nina Gateley, 19, was heading south on Sky Pointe when the vehicle drove off the paved road.
Gateley steered the vehicle back onto the roadway where it overturned. Of five people inside the truck, four were ejected. Two were taken to a hospital. Nix was pronounced dead at Mountain View Hospital, police said.
Four of the five people involved in the crash were age 16 to 17, Metro Police said. Officers were called to the scene at 9:57 p.m.
According to Metro, Gateley displayed signs of driving under the influence and was charged with a driving under the influence involving death.
This death marked the 44th traffic-related fatality in Metro's jurisdiction in 2018.
Stay with FOX5 for updates.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
CLEANING UP: Terry Politch leaves work with a smile on his face.
A SENSE of pride and the feeling of being a valued part of the Warwick community keeps a big smile fixed on Terry Politch's face.
For 25 years, Terry has been the manager of the Endeavour Centre in the Warwick Industrial Estate, where people with disabilities partner with the community to provide recycling services.
Mr Politch puts it simply.
"It didn't take long for me to see the team here for their abilities, not disabilities,” he said.
"They're really proud of what they do and we all go home everyday with the sense we're doing something good. And usually with a smile, there's always something happening here to give you a laugh.”
Mr Politch was born and raised in Stanthorpe, working as a builder before taking a job with Endeavour 29 years ago.
"My teenage years consisted of driving around in my HX panel van, listening to music, with that back window open filling the car with exhaust fumes,” he said.
"Eventually I got off my backside and did a builder's apprenticeship, moving to Warwick to work on the Year 8 centre at Warwick State High School.
"I met a lot of interesting characters about my age working on that job, most of them are still around and getting a bit old, like me.”
Mr Politch said he ran his own building business for about 10 years before the work started to dry up.
"I was having to travel further and further for work,” he said.
"And I had a young family that seemed to get taller every time I came home.
"Sometimes when you work for yourself too, not everyone pays up.
In a search for some stability, Mr Politch applied for the job at Endeavour.
"To my surprise I got the job, as a workshop supervisor and a few years later I became manager,” he said.
"They must have run out of other options.”
Mr Politch said every day at work was different.
"The staff, volunteers and workers make this place,” he said.
"The ideals of Endeavour and the fact that you get out what you put in around here.”
The role was the first time Mr Poltich had worked with people with disabilities.
"It was a learning curve for me, and I think everyone else,” he said.
"There have been challenges but none we couldn't get past. And over the years, we've all evolved to become part of the community.”
Sports Desk
Iran defeated Italy in the final of the International Table Soccer Federation (ITSF) World Cup 2017 held in Hamburg, Germany.
The Iranian squad managed to power past the Italian side 42-28 (2-0 in team total) in the Men's D2, Tasnim News Agency reported.
Iran men D2 team had outpowered Slovenia in semifinals. Italy had beaten Turkey in the same round.
The Iranian outfit was coached by Behboud Mousavi in the tournament.
Turkey, Slovenia, Russia, Romania, Peru, Bulgaria, China, Brazil, Spain and Finland finished in third to 12th places respectively.
The meet was held during April 11-16.
Four teenagers have been arrested in Panama in connection with the murder of international footballer Amílcar Henríquez, the police announced on Tuesday according to a BBC report.
Henríquez, 33, was shot dead as he was leaving his home in the city of Nuevo Colón on Saturday. A 36-year-old man, Delano Wilson, was also killed.
Police officers said the gunmen had laid in wait at a home opposite that of Henríquez.
Local media first reported that Delano Wilson, the man who died alongside Henríquez, was a friend of the footballer.
But Wilson's sister has since come forward to say her brother was just crossing the street on the way to buy a burger when he got caught in the crossfire.
Another man, Josimar Gómez, was injured.
Henríquez, who had 85 caps for Panama, was a defensive midfielder who was playing for Panamanian club Árabe Unido at the time of his death.
He also played in Colombia for América de Cali and Real Cartagena.
President Juan Carlos Varela condemned the murder on Twitter, saying that justice would be done.
Jiji.ng the cheapest online shopping in Nigeria
The decomposed body of a 75-year-old man was found in a flat here, more than a month after he is suspected to have died when he stepped on a lizard and fell, suffering fatal head injuries, police said on Friday.The death of Lakshminarayana Murthy came to light only after his wife and two daughters returned from the US two days ago. The shocking incident took place at Sai Maruti Residency in Rocktown area.The man, who lived alone in a top floor flat, is suspected to have died on August 18 after the fall. Since all the doors and windows were closed, other residents in the building did not get any foul smell.A police officer said Murthy seemed to have stepped on a lizard and fallen down while coming out of the bath. He sustained head injuries and died on the spot.A dead lizard was found near his feet, indicating he skidded after stepping on it.Murthy was not answering phone calls from his wife and two daughters in the US. As he had kept the mobile phone on charging, they simply assumed he was unhappy with them.But when there was no response even after a month, they decided to return to Hyderabad and check on him.The flat, owned by one of Murthy's daughters, had a central locking system that does not give scope to guess if someone is inside.As there was no response from inside, the wife and daughter broke open the door to find his body in a highly decomposed state.Originally hailing from Rajamahendravaram in Andhra Pradesh, Murthy, a retired government employee, was not known to people in the apartment. Residents thought the flat was locked from outside and that the owner lives in the US.Murthy had turned down repeated requests by his daughters to move to the US to live with them. In July, he had sent his wife to the US but preferred to live alone here.
Source: ESPN
Nikki Bella recently spoke with ESPN on a number of topics outside of her wrestling life. Here are some of the highlights:
"In the beginning I kind of felt like lonely, and I kind of embraced it. Hey, now actually I can prove the people that I'm an individual, I just don't have to be a Bella Twin to make a name for myself here. I can be Nikki Bella, Fearless Nikki, and I've really enjoyed that. But there are moments like the Royal Rumble or different moments that I wish I could share with Brie, and I do miss seeing her out there. Like when I do tag matches [I think], 'Oh I miss my sister Brie.' So it has its ups and downs."
Becoming an Aunt:
"I can't wait. My sister has this amazing glow. I feel like this is my first child; she's my identical twin too, so I'm very, very excited."
See Also Falls Count Anywhere Match Announced For Next Week's WWE SmackDown
Her teenage idol:
"My idol was Jennifer Lopez. I was maturing in a way that all my friends weren't. How is it that I'm 10 and I look 15 and all my friends don't? I'm so proud to be a Latina. Growing up and being Latina and growing up with my father and getting to do a lot of the Hispanic traditions, I loved it."
Nikki Bella also discussed her heritage and shooting for Latina Magazine. You can read the full interview by clicking here.
Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
BILLINGS, MT — Jennifer Elizabeth Koslowski, 37, passed away on Thursday, February 9, 2017, at Saint Vincent Health Care in Billings, Montana.
She was born December 27, 1979, in Rock Springs, Wyoming. At the age of three, she moved with her mother and brother. She lived in California, Colorado, Washington and Oregon.
Because of her health, she moved back to Rock Springs in 2012 to be with her father and her family.
Jennifer's greatest wish in life was to be loved and to reunite with her children, Jade and Kameron whom she cared for dearly. She loved to be with friends and family; enjoyed trips to Washington, Utah to see her grampa, grandma, aunt, uncle and cousins. She loved taking rides into the Wyoming wilderness with her dad; her therapy dog Zoey and music.
Survivors include her father Brad Marchetti of Rock Springs; her mother Petty Stuckey and husband Dan of Tualitin, Oregon, her daughter Jade McShane of Portland Oregon; her son Kameron Koslowski of West Linn, Oregon; brother Jesse Marchetti of Tualatin, Oregon; nephew Hunter Marchetti of Tualatin; grandfather Fred Marchetti of Washington, Utah,, and Louis Murillo of El Paso Texas; uncles Fred Marchetti and Dennis Marchetti; aunt Shauna Marchetti and Aunt Merci; numerous cousins; and special friends Sandy, Sam, Chad and Jason.
She was preceded in death by her grandmother's Betty Marchetti and Lois Murillo; two grand mothers; and two grandfathers.
Cremation has taken place and a celebration of her life will take place at 11:00 A.M. Saturday, June 24, 2017 at the Vase Funeral Chapel, 154 Elk Street, Rock Springs, Wyoming.
Condolences may be left at www.vasefuneralhomes. com
Images: Readers share their stunning photos of the Port Hills fire
1 Newsreaders have sent in some incredible photos of the fire, which can be seen from almost every part of Christchurch.
TEMPE, Ariz. (AP) — The Latest on the pedestrian death involving a self-driving vehicle in Tempe (all times local):
10:35 a.m.
Uber says it has suspended all of its self-driving testing following what is believed to be the first fatal pedestrian crash involving the vehicles.
The self-driving testing has been taking place in Phoenix, Pittsburgh, San Francisco and Toronto.
Advertisement
Automakers and tech companies are competing to be first with the technology.
Police in the Phoenix suburb of Tempe say one of Uber's self-driving vehicles struck and killed a pedestrian on Sunday night.
Investigators say the vehicle was in autonomous mode with an operator behind the wheel when the woman walking outside of a crosswalk was hit.
The woman died of her injuries at a hospital.
Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi expressed condolences on his Twitter account the company is working with local law enforcement on the investigation.
10:15 a.m.
Police in a Phoenix suburb say one of Uber's self-driving vehicles has struck and killed a pedestrian.
Police in the city of Tempe said Monday that the vehicle was in autonomous mode with an operator behind the wheel when the woman walking outside of a crosswalk was hit.
Sgt. Ronald Elcock says in an email that the crash happened overnight but did not say whether it occurred Sunday night or Monday morning.
The woman died of her injuries at a hospital and her name was not made public.
Uber has been testing the self-driving vehicles in Tempe and Phoenix for months.
Uber says on Twitter that it is "fully cooperating" with the investigation and expressed condolences to the family of the victim.
Two found dead, one injured in SR room
Two people were murdered in a rental room early yesterday morning in Siem Reap town, while a third co-worker survived with serious injuries.
All three victims had their throats slit in a case that police say still has neither suspects nor motive.
Two men, Khuy Sokhin, 27, and Veth Ratha, 25, were killed, while the third victim, a woman named Leng Srey Pov, 28, survived.
Meas Sambath, deputy chief of Sala Kanseng village police, said the room had been rented by four people, but one had left just days before the murders.
All four worked for a Thai health product company called Bhip, which only recently opened an office in Siem Reap.
“They were killed in the same room. One of the dead and the injured woman were found on the bed, while the other man was on the floor. The surviving woman had a cut on her throat, on the cheek and on her lip,” said Sambath.
“She may be OK,” Sambath said of Pov.
“The company had a party for their staff in the evening, and at 3:30am, villagers living nearby heard screaming, but no one went to check until 5:30am,” said Sambath.
Duong Sokha, chief of the provincial criminal office, said that nothing was stolen from the room.
The bodies have been taken to Wat Damnak for a ceremony while police continue to search for answers.
“We cannot conclude what prompted the murder as we are investigating it,” Sokha said.
A cyclist has fallen heavily on the ground after he collided with a Jeep that cut across in front of him as he rode his bike along a footpath on Australia's Sunshine Coast.
The male cyclist was riding along at a brisk pace as the Jeep turned into the driveway across his path in Caloundra on Monday afternoon.
Seemingly not having time to stop, the man's bike struck the Jeep's front passenger side wheel sending the man tumbling off his bike and onto his back.
It's unclear if the cyclist was injured or if the has been charged over the incident.
Unlike New Zealand, cyclists in Queensland are allowed to ride on the footpath.
Watch the video and you decide who was at fault.
The feasibility study will involve stakeholder engagement with wineries throughout B.C.
Federal and provincial agriculture ministers announced April 19, $75,000 in cost-shared funding to support a for a BC Wine Centre of Excellence.
A BC Wine Centre of Excellence would serve as an educational platform for B.C.'s wine and tourism industry, helping visitors learn more about our province's unique wine-growing regions, as well as the winemaking process.
The two-phased feasibility study led by industry experts will provide in-depth research on existing international wine centres of excellence and offer a catalogue of business models, best practices and other relevant considerations, with respect to the development and ongoing operations of such a centre, said a federal news release.
Additionally, the feasibility study will involve stakeholder engagement with wineries throughout B.C. to determine the feasibility and scope of a BC Wine Centre of Excellence.
It is anticipated that both phases of the feasibility study will be completed by the summer of 2018.
“The very first vines in British Columbia were planted in Kelowna by Father Pandosy in 1859. Since then the Okanagan Valley has earned a reputation as B.C.'s premier grape growing region, accounting for 84 per cent of B.C.'s vineyard acreage, “said MP Stephen Fuhr, of Kelowna-Lake Country. “The development of a learning centre will strengthen our local economy and raise awareness of Okanagan grape growing and I thank the governments of Canada and BC for their support of British Columbia's world class wine industry.”
To report a typo, email: edit@kelownacapnews.com.
edit@kelownacapnews.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Images: Readers share their stunning photos of the Port Hills fire
1 Newsreaders have sent in some incredible photos of the fire, which can be seen from almost every part of Christchurch.
FILE - In this Friday, Oct. 6, 2017, file photo, President Donald Trump speaks during an event at the White House in Washington, as first lady Melania Trump listens. Trump's plan to combat opioid drug addiction calls for stiffer penalties for drug traffickers, including the death penalty where it's appropriate under current law. The president is scheduled to unveil his plan Monday, March 19, 2018, in New Hampshire, a state hard-hit by the crisis. He'll be accompanied by first lady Melania Trump, who has shown an interest in the issue, particularly as it pertains to children. Evan Vucci, File AP Photo
BEIJING: Simona Halep took a step nearer overhauling Garbine Muguruza as world No.1 when the Romanian raced into the semifinals of the China Open on Friday.
Advertisements
The second-ranked Halep eased past Russia's unseeded Daria Kasatkina 6-2, 6-1 in 69 minutes in Beijing and will face compatriot Sorana Cirstea or Latvia's Jelena Ostapenko in the last four.
The Spaniard Muguruza's short stay at the top is under severe threat after she bowed out in the first round in the Chinese capital with a virus.
Halep is in red-hot form and claimed the scalp of former number one Maria Sharapova in the previous round—beating the Russian at the eighth attempt.
Third seed Grigor Dimitrov of Bulgaria was the first into the semi-finals of the men's draw when he battled past the Spaniard Roberto Bautista Agut 7-6 (7/5), 4-6, 6-2.
Dimitrov will play John Isner or world No.1 Rafael Nadal in the last four.
AFP
photo: Philip Cosores / ImageSpace / Sipa, USA Today
By Scott T. Sterling
Albert Hammond Jr.'s status as a guitarist for The Strokes is on full display with his new solo song, “Muted Beatings,” which he dropped yesterday night (Feb. 2) and performed on ‘Conan' last night.
Related: Watch: Julian Casablancas and The Voidz Perform ‘Leave It In My Dreams'
The first track from Hammond's forthcoming album, Francis Trouble, is brimming with sing-song melodies and spiky guitars reminiscent of The Strokes' signature sound.
Francis Trouble addresses the guitarist's thoughts about his twin brother, who died in the womb.
“What the music says may be serious, but as a medium it should not be questioned, analyzed or taken too seriously,” Hammond said in a press statement. “I think it should be tarted up, made into a character, a parody of itself. The music is the mask the message wears and I, the performer, am the message.”
Francis Trouble is set for release on March 9.
Check out Albert Hammond Jr. on ‘Conan' here:
And listen to the studio version of “Muted Beatings” here:
The guitarist will support the album with a tour, following stints opening for the Killers in America and Franz Ferdinand in the U.K. The headlining dates kick off March 6 in San Francisco. See his itinerary below.
3/6 – San Francisco, CA @ Great American Music Hall
3/7 – West Hollywood, CA @ Troubadour
3/8 – Santa Ana, CA @ Observatory
3/10 – Phoenix, AZ @ Flying Burrito Musical Fiesta
3/11 – Santa Fe, NM @ Meow Wolf
3/14 – Austin, TX @ SXSW
3/15 – Austin, TX @ SXSW
3/16 – Austin, TX @ SXSW
3/17 – Austin, TX @ SXSW
3/19 – Dallas, TX @ Tree's
3/20 – Houston, TX @ White Oak Music Hall
3/21 – New Orleans, LA @ One Eyed Jacks
3/23 – Atlanta, GA @ Terminal West
3/24 – Birmingham, AL @ Saturn
3/25 – Nashville, TN @ Exit In
3/27 – Washington, DC @ U Street Music Hall
3/28 – Brooklyn, NY @ Brooklyn Steel
3/30 – Philadelphia, PA @ First Unitarian Church
4/1 – Boston, MA @ Middle East Downstairs
4/2 – Montreal, Canada @ L'astral
4/3 – Toronto, Canada @ The Horseshoe Tavern
4/5 – Detroit, MI @ Magic Bag
4/6 – Chicago, IL @ Bottom Lounge
4/7 – St Paul, MN @ Turf Club
4/10 – Seattle, WA @ The Crocodile
4/11 – Vancouver, Canada @ The Biltmore
4/12 – Portland, OR @ Doug Fir Lounge
Harmonious Heart Counseling will host a workshop: "Buddhism in the 21st Century" with Dr. Jesse Morgaina, who has a doctorate in Psychology and is an ordained minister.
harmoneous- heart- counseling- to- start- buddhism
Contact
Harmonious Heart Counseling
970.222.9666
***@gmail.com Harmonious Heart Counseling970.222.9666
End
-- She is the founder of Harmonious Heart Counseling; a Therapist & Facilitator and a Spiritual Teacher and Guide. She has been leading and teaching groups about SGI Nichiren Buddhism for nearly 40 years. The workshop will be held from 10 a.m. to 11:30 a.m. every other Saturday, starting from May 13, 2017. The purpose of the workshop is to explore the philosophy of SGI Nichiren Buddhism, understand the history and precepts of Buddhism, as well as to find ways to bring Buddhist philosophy into daily life without having to join a religion or give up your own religious beliefs.The "Buddhism in the 21st Century" workshop is designed for people who are looking for an introduction to Buddhism philosophy, searching for a way to bring peace to the planet, and change their lives to be one of joy and vitality. In this 8 session workshop, Dr. Morgaina will enable participants to explore the philosophy of SGI Nichiren Buddhism and learn how to apply Buddhist principles to their daily life without having to join a religious group. Each session is only $10. Or, you can register now for the series price of only $50 for all 8 sessions. It is strongly suggested that participants commit to the full workshop series to achieve the greatest benefit for themselves and their families.In this intensive workshop series, Dr. Morgaina will enable the participants to understand Buddhism as a spiritual path and system of philosophical thought. Each session will build upon the discussions of the previous session. Dr. Morgaina will help participants to work on their life by finding new ways of conceptualizing and working through struggles. Other topics that will be covered in the workshop include: Four Noble Truths and Eightfold Path, The Middle Way, Transcendence, Three Kinds of Treasure, The 3,000 realms of existence and much more. Mostly, however, we will explore what it means to awaken to and tap into your own vast inner potential to find unlimited resources of wisdom, courage, and compassion. Nichiren Buddhism stresses inner, personal transformation as the way to promote lasting, sustainable resolutions to world problems.Dr. Morgaina commented on the workshop, "We are shaped by our thoughts; we become what we think. Worry is the misuse of imagination. If we learn to take out the sense of victim from everyday life and know how to truly empower ourselves, joy will follow like a shadow cast by the mid-day sun." She further stated, "In our "Buddhism in the 21st Century" workshop, we will work together toward exploring and manifesting true happiness and self-empowerment. There are many aspects of the Buddhism philosophy and active participants will receive an introduction to advanced spiritual techniques to turn the challenges of their life into opportunities to develop joy and compassion. I will try to answer as many of your questions as possible during the workshop.""Buddhism in the 21st Century" Workshop; Buddhist Teachings, Philosophies and Traditions37016 Soaring Eagle Circle, Colorado, 805508 sessions 1 1/2 hours each - Saturdays 10:00 a.m. to 11:30 a.m.May 13 & 27, June 10 & 24, July 8 & 22, August 12 & 26The series price is only $50 for all 8 sessionsVisit Harmonious Heart Counseling.com, call/text to 970-222-9666 or send email to: harmoniousheartcounseling@gmail.comFor more information or to register for workshop, please contact Harmonious Heart Counseling atDr. Jesse Morgaina, PsyD, Therapist & Facilitator,, is founder of Harmonious Heart Counseling. Dr. Jesse works with individuals and couples to find peace in their individuality and balance in their relationships. She has a Doctorate in Psychology and a Masters in Health Education. She is certified in several body psychotherapy modalities. She is an Ordained Minister and has been involved in the spiritual leadership in the community for almost 40 years. Apart from counseling sessions, Dr. Jesse also organizes workshops such as Buddhism in the 21st Century (Series), Chakra Play (Single Workshop), Parenting Tots (Single Workshop), Sacred Sexuality, Sacred Women's Circle (Series), Spiritual Deepening (Series), Stress Management (Single Workshop). Harmonious Heart Counseling also hosts special ceremonies such as New Moon, Winter Solstice, Samhain/Halloween, Sacred Spiral, and May Day/Beltane.Contact Information:Email: harmoniousheartcounseling@gmail.comPhone: (970) 222-9666Website: http://www.harmoniousheartcounseling.com/
The musician said he could pay a total sum of £2,463 immediately.
Musician Goldie has been fined for assaulting a security guard who refused to let his daughter and her friend into a restricted area of the Glastonbury Festival.
The 52-year-old, whose name is Clifford Joseph Price, put bouncer Dennis Poole in a headlock and punched him at the inner stage production gate by the site's Pyramid Stage.
Bristol Magistrates' Court heard his daughter, Chance Price, 20, and her friend had attempted to gain entry to the restricted area at about 7pm on June 23 last year.
Goldie arrives at Bristol Magistrates' Court for sentencing (Aaron Chown/PA)
They had been “whisked” into the BBC area, where Price was due to be interviewed by Annie Mac, without passes but were stopped when they tried to re-enter after leaving to buy food.
Ms Price, who had not been to a festival before, phoned her father for assistance but when he arrived it was noted that he also did not have the required wristband for the area.
Witnesses described how Price was like a “raging bull” and “puffed his chest out” before pushing Mr Poole back and placing him in a headlock.
Both men ended up on the floor, with the security guard suffering scratches to his face and neck, a sore ear and a grazed elbow.
Former security guard Dennis Poole at Bristol Magistrates' Court (Claire Hayhurst/PA)
Price claimed he had acted in self defence before pleading guilty via FaceTime from Thailand, where he lives, at a hearing in March.
District Judge David Taylor fined Price £1,080 and ordered him to pay £500 in compensation to Mr Poole, a £108 victim surcharge and £775 in costs.
The judge told the musician, dressed in a three-piece suit, that he should have understood the need for “backstage security”.
An aerial view of the Pyramid stage during the Glastonbury Festival at Worthy Farm in Pilton, Somerset (Ben Birchall/PA)
“You were determined to get your own way. When this was prevented, you resorted to violence and you unlawfully assaulted Mr Poole,” he said.
“As a consequence, he sustained injuries, namely scratches to his face and neck and grazing to his elbow.
“Your entirely unjustified actions demonstrate an arrogant sense of entitlement based on your own self importance.
“The physical injuries sustained by Mr Poole at your hands were relatively minor but the assault has had an emotional and psychological impact on him.
“Although this assault took place in the context of a festival, thankfully no wider disorder occurred.
“This was an assault on a man simply doing his job.”
Chance Marie Price at Bristol Magistrates' Court (Aaron Chown/PA)
In a victim personal statement read to the court, Mr Poole said he had been forced to give up his career of six years.
Outside court, Price hugged his daughter in front of reporters and said: “I took a bullet for my daughter, I'm happy. I'm apologising as a man would do.”
When asked if he regretted his actions, he replied: “Me? Always sorry. Always be sorry for what you do.”
Prosecuting, Richard Posner told the court that the area Ms Price and her friend was trying to enter required a ‘P' wristband or a gold BBC wristband, which they did not have.
Ms Price called her father, who arrived at the gate and signalled to Mr Poole to let them through, which the security guard refused.
In a statement, Mr Poole said: “He came right up in my face, he was telling me he could do what he wanted.”
Mr Posner said Price then “strode” towards Mr Poole and “squared up” to him, placing both hands on his chest to move him out the way.
When Mr Poole pushed him back, Price “went mad and became really aggressive”, one witness said.
The court heard Price “took a swing” at Mr Poole, connecting with his left ear, and scratched his face as he knocked his sunglasses off.
A fellow security guard said: “The man with the gold teeth got Dennis on the floor and was on top of him.”
Another described how, when on the floor, Price was “straddling him with both legs”.
Mr Poole's nose was broken in the incident, apparently from colleagues trying to intervene.
In police interview, Price claimed he had been acting in self-defence but entered his guilty plea on the day he was due to stand trial.
Ms Price, of Leavesden, Hertfordshire, denied a charge of assaulting Mr Poole and the case against her was discontinued following her father's conviction.
In a victim personal statement, Mr Poole said: “The incident shocked and traumatised me. I have suffered with nightmares.”
Representing Price, Peter Marshall said the experience of attending Glastonbury Festival for the first time was “entirely overwhelming”.
Price and his entourage, including his daughter, spent five hours travelling to the site and were then “whisked” inside the BBC area.
“No-one told Mr Price or Ms Price that they required other forms of accreditation or wristbands,” Mr Marshall said.
After being refused re-entry, Price called her father in a “distressed” state and he became “anxious” due to the size of the Somerset site.
“He was tired. He dealt with the situation wrongly and erroneously,” Mr Marshall added.
In character statements provided to the court, friends said Price was a “gentle soul” who had practised meditation and yoga.
Mr Poole, who attended the hearing, did not wish to comment as he left court.
© Press Association 2018
NEW YORK (AP) — On college campuses and in workplaces, across social media and in deference to non-binary people, gender-neutral pronouns are more than just a new wave of political correctness.
They're the focus of debate that stretches back hundreds of years.
Early word coiners were usually more concerned with grammatical correctness over a keen commitment to inclusivity in avoiding the generic "he" and singular "they" as a replacement, said professor Dennis Baron, who specializes in the history of the English language at the University of Illinois in Champaign-Urbana.
But as the women's rights movement grew in the late 19th century, so did interest in "common-gender" pronouns. They were a hot topic then as they are now.
Advertisement
Feminist leaders argued, amid an effort to make "he" a generic, that such a broadening of gender scope automatically made women worthy of the vote. In 1884, the invented pronoun "thon" was publicized by the coiner, C.C. Converse, as an expedient pronoun for all genders.
"Thon made a lot of headlines. It was discussed nationally. But most of these words were kind of flash in the pan words that got invented locally and went nowhere," Baron said.
Converse's word was a blend of "that" and "one." Among the reasons he cited for creating it was to hide gender altogether or when gender was unknown, Baron said.
The struggle for neutral pronouns reared at other times as well.
In 1886, a Maryland Supreme Court decision found that "he" in a state statute covering admission to the bar referred only to males, precluding women from practicing law. In 1916, self-avowed experts declared that the use of "he" in reference to a particular section of the U.S. Constitution barred women from serving in Congress. The argument didn't hold and Montana's Jeanette Rankin became the first woman elected to the House, said Baron, who tweets on language issues as @DrGrammar and has written a book, "Grammar and Gender."
Before Rankin, in 1789, William H. Marshall recorded the existence of the singular "ou," as in "Ou (ooh) will," Baron said. It expressed either "he will," ''she will" or "it will." There are references to "ou" as an indeterminate pronoun as early as 1792, but it didn't widely catch on.
Both the Oxford English Dictionary and Joseph Wright's English Dialect Dictionary included the use of "a'' for "he," ''she," ''it," ''they" and even "I," he said.
By 1808, invented pronouns were flying, met by the grammar establishment with disdain. "It was like, get a life, don't quit your day job," Baron joked.
Further back, by the 12th and 13th centuries, masculine and feminine pronouns developed to a point where, according to the OED, they were "almost or wholly indistinguishable in pronunciation," beginning as "he (hay), heo (hayo) and hit (hit). The H's slowly grew silent, rendering them neutrals. The modern feminine "she" first appears in the mid-12th century, seemingly — at least in part — to fight against ambiguity over gender, Baron said.
Baron has collected more than 100 pronouns, invented or repurposed, making the rounds today, and the list is growing.
"From what I can see the invented pronouns are interesting but they're use is limited," he said.
Among today's words that already existed, the singular "they" is winning the popularity contest as a gender neutral, Baron said. The American Dialect Society named it word of the year in 2015, but the word first surfaced as a neutral singular pronoun as far back as the 17th century, to the dismay of some grammarians at a time when "thee, thou, thy" began falling by the wayside.
"One of the advantages today is that it's already there," Baron said of "they."
Among invented options: Ze/hir (Tyler ate hir food because ze was hungry) — ze pronounced like "zee" and hir as "here."
Similar early efforts on neutrality caused a dustup in 1912, reported the Chicago Tribune. Ella Flagg Young, who was that city's schools superintendent and president of the National Education Association, claimed to have invented "he'er, him'er, his'er and his'er's. She made headlines when she used them in a speech before school principals, earning gasps from the crowd.
Fred S. Pond of Chicago didn't take kindly to the notion that Young came up with the words, saying he proposed "he-er, his-er, him-er, hisers and himerself" in a letter to the Mansfield, Ohio, News-Journal, published March 21, 1911, Baron said.
Young later admitted to discussing the words with Pond before her speech, offering him joint credit. Pond's reasoning: The generic "he" is inadequate, the singular "they" substitutes one "error" for another and the construction "he or she" is awkward. He acknowledged that his blends of masculine and feminine "sound strange and perchance ludicrous" but eventually would "enable the speaker — whoever he-er may be — to be correct and intelligible."
Other languages are also taking on the pronoun wars. They include Swedish. A gender-neutral pronoun was accepted into the Swedish Academy Dictionary about three years ago.
Many English speakers today have no idea that neutral pronouns were on the cultural radar centuries ago, Baron said.
"The question today is are we in a blip or is this going to get stronger," he said. "What's working against it getting stronger is the lack of agreement on what pronoun. If everybody got behind one pronoun, that would give it a fighting chance."
Marcelle Richards, 35, of Minneapolis is a non-binary person who uses "they" and "them." Richards falls "under the trans umbrella" but is gender fluid.
"This is all very personal for people," Richards said. "I haven't been able to get everybody in my life onboard. It's an energy thing for me. Which battles do I want to pick?"
Shane Henise, who creates media campaigns related to the trans community for GLAAD, an LGBTQ watchdog organization, uses the pronouns "he" and "him." Pronouns, he said, are particularly important to non-binary people like Richards who don't identify strictly as man or woman.
"We need to start normalizing asking for pronouns, not just for non-binary trans people but in daily life," Henise said. "Why not include your pronouns in your signature on your email? Another thing that we can do is include pronouns when we're introducing people, so I would say, 'My name is Shane. I use he/him pronouns. What about you?'"
Staff at Skelligs Chocolate went on a ‘choco-holiday' when production stopped for three days because of the heatwave.
Colm Healy, the owner of the west Kerry factory, said there was no point in making chocolate, because it was melting in the heat.
“We did not make any chocolate on Thursday and Friday last week, because it was just too hot,” he said.
There was no chocolate made on Monday, either, but full production resumed yesterday.
Mr Healy, who bought the factory in 2004, said it was the first time in 20 years that production was stopped because of the heat.
The company normally produces a tonne of chocolate every week.
Mr Healy said the sustained heat was making it difficult to produce chocolate and that people were buying smaller quantities because it was melting.
“People were not coming in; they wanted to be on the beach, and we were concerned that if we had too much chocolate, we were going to run out of storage,” said Mr Healy.
“Chocolate is a product that does not need to be chilled, but it cannot get too hot, because it starts to lose its cohesion.
“We take great pride in the chocolate that we make and would rather not make it than have the potential for substandard chocolate.”
Mr Healy said he hoped the weather would not eat into the factory's profit margin.
“Normally, this is our peak season and we have an unwritten rule that nobody takes leave in July and August,” he said.
Mr Healy said that while production was stopped, the factory stayed open and continued to welcome visitors and give out samples.
There are 25 people, including Mr Healy, working at the factory. The 16 people who produce and pack the chocolate agreed to take paid leave.
Mr Healy said they would ensure there would be plenty of chocolate for all their visitors.
“This is our busiest time of year. During July, we expect to have 50,000 visitors and 20,000 in August. It is a lot of people.”
He is hoping that the weather is a tempory blip and that people would start flocking back when they get bored sunning themselves and start looking for other stuff to do.
Mr Healy said people could visit the open-plan factory and see and smell the chocolate and learn how it all works.
Irish Examiner
Share it:
Don't Miss
Search for suspect unsuccessful; incident occurs not far from where abandoned drug smuggling boat was discovered hours earlier
A Ventura County sheriff's vehicle reportedly was fired on while on patrol near Mussel Shoals east of Carpinteria on Saturday evening, but a search of the area turned up no clues in the incident.
According to a Ventura County Sheriff's Department official, at least two shots were fired in the direction of the patrol car about 5:30 p.m. Saturday, not far from the Cliff House Inn, 6602 Old Pacific Coast Highway, about a quarter-mile east of La Conchita. The deputy was not hurt and no injuries were reported.
Authorities mobilized a ground and air search of the area, with dozens of officers and a sheriff's helicopter deployed. After searching for several hours, the operation was called off around 9 p.m. Saturday, officials said.
Eric Greenspan, CEO of Make It Work, was returning to his Montecito home from a son's basketball tournament in Oxnard, when he came upon the scene around 6 p.m. Saturday.
“Patrol cars were lining both sides of Highway 101 at La Conchita,” Greenspan told Noozhawk. “I drove past what appeared to be a SWAT truck and, overhead, a helicopter seemed to be searching in the brush of the hillside.”
Earlier Saturday, surfers at Mussel Shoals discovered an abandoned panga boat that had washed ashore. The vessels are often used by smugglers transporting drugs and illegal immigrants into the United States from Mexico.
Late Saturday, there was no indication that the shooting and the boat were linked.
Ventura County sheriff's deputies on Saturday morning removed the 25-foot boat, which was empty but for life vests and gas cans, officials said.
Generally 20 to 30 feet in length and powered by one or more outboard motors, panga boats are commonly used by fishermen in developing countries but have become popular with smugglers moving contraband to the United States from Mexico.
In late August, an abandoned 30-foot vessel was discovered bobbing off the Gaviota coast. The boat was empty but authorities said it contained evidence of drug smuggling.
The Santa Barbara County Sheriff's Department has asked for the public to report suspicious boats off the coast by calling the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement's toll-free 24-hour tip line at 1.866.347.2423.
— Noozhawk publisher Bill Macfadyen can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
The father of a five-year-old who went missing last night in Hamilton says his family are "so overwhelmed, so thrilled, so happy" to have their daughter home safe and well.
Glory was reunited with her family this morning after spending a cold night alone in a Hamilton car yard.
Her father, Allen Inoke, told 1 NEWS he was unaware his daughter was in their courtesy car when he went to return the vehicle to the car yard yesterday.
When Mr Inoke asked Glory about her night away from home, he said Glory told him that she cried until she was found.
"She said she cried and she said she missed her mum and dad," Mr Inoke told 1 NEWS.
He said his daughter stayed in the car until daylight broke and then wandered around the yard for people to find her.
"She's scared of strangers. She keeps to herself to be safe. I teach my children to be safe all the time.
"She is my pet. She's my gold in the family and I cherish all of them but she is the closest to me."
Her mother, Ada Inoke, spoke to media this morning, saying Glory was found "shivering" and is grateful to those who helped search for her daughter.
"She was discovered outside by a member of the public who was not looking for her, but who stopped to help her anyway. Champion," Waikato Police wrote on their Facebook page.
Dear PAO,
My brother and I inherited 30 square meters of land where our ancestral house is erected. I am living in the house and my brother has already settled in Taguig City(Metro Manila) with his family since he is already married. Last month, my brother came to me and demanded the partition of our ancestral house. I refused to give in to his demand because if we partition the property, it will result in the destruction of our ancestral house, which has a sentimental value to me. My brother now filed a complaint with barangay (village) authorities, and during our confrontation, I offered to buy his share on installment basis but he refused. He maintained that I should pay him in full because he is in dire need of money. What are my options here?
Brandy
Dear Brandy,
The general rule that is provided under Article 1082 of the New Civil Code of the Philippines states, “Every co-heir has a right to demand the division of the estate unless the testator should have expressly forbidden its partition, in which case the period of indivision shall not exceed twenty years as provided in Article 494. This power of the testator to prohibit division applies to the legitime. xxx xxxx xxxx”
Based on the provision, your brother has the right to demand the partition of the property that you co-own. But please be guided by another provision of law that limits the right of the co-owner with respect to the physical division of the subject property, this is found under Article 1086 of the same code which states:
“Should a thing be indivisible, or would be much impaired by its being divided, it may be adjudicated to one of the heirs, provided he shall pay the other the excess in cash.
“Nevertheless, if any of the heirs should demand that the thing be sold at public auction and that the strangers be allowed to bid, this must be done.”
In your case, physical division of the thing owned in common cannot be made, because it will impair the property. If partition will proceed, it will be subdivided into smaller lots, which are no longer unfit for construction of a new house. Since you want also to preserve the family's ancestral home, you may offer your brother to adjudicate to yourself the property subject to the payment of his corresponding share in cash or in installment basis depending on your agreement. Otherwise, it will be sold and the proceeds will be divided among yourselves.
We hope that we were able to answer your queries. Please be reminded that this advice is based solely on the facts you have narrated and our appreciation of the same. Our opinion may vary when other facts are changed or elaborated.
Editor's note: Dear PAO is a daily column of the Public Attorney's Office. Questions for Chief Acosta may be sent to dearpao@manilatimes.net
LOS ANGELES: US immigration officials said on Friday (Saturday in Manila) they raided 77 California businesses this week as operations intensify in the state, whose own authorities are defying President Donald Trump's hard line on immigration by not cooperating with federal enforcement agents.
The raids took place in cities including San Francisco, Sacramento and San Jose in the north of California—a “sanctuary state” where, since January 1, law enforcement has been mostly prothibited from working with federal officials seeking to arrest undocumented immigrants.
“The actions taken this week reflect . . . stepped-up efforts to enforce the laws that prohibit businesses from hiring illegal workers,” with a focus on “protecting jobs for US citizens and others who are lawfully employed,” US Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) said in a statement.
In 2017, the government carried out 1,360 similar raids and arrested more than 300 people—with businesses paying out over $100 million in restitution and fines, ICE said.
“It's put people in a lot of panic,” Mariela Garcia, with San Jose-based charity Sacred Heart Community Service, told the local Mercury News.
“We have people who are quitting their jobs.”
US immigration authorities also recently adopted a policy that allows officials to enter courtrooms to arrest undocumented immigrants. Previously, courtrooms were considered “sanctuaries” so as to not discourage witnesses from testifying during trials.
Meanwhile last month, ICE agents carried out visible raids on around 100 7-Eleven convenience stores across the country to discourage managers from hiring undocumented workers.
AFP
An unmoving woman fell from an SUV into an intersection. The driver calmly picked her up and drove off
END IS NIGH: Parts of Bundaberg's copper network will be shutdown in June and July.
DO YOU have questions about the NBN?
Bundaberg Business Enterprise Centre and NBN are holding a business and community forum on Thursday to provide the community with information to take advantage of fast broadband.
The forum will be held at the Bundaberg Business Enterprise Centre, corner of Quay and Tantitha Sts, from 5.30pm until 8pm, and one-on-one discussions will be held on Friday from 9am-2.30pm at the same venue.
The forum coincides with the first homes and businesses in Bundaberg being set to complete the transition to the NBN, with the existing copper network in the area due to be disconnected from June 9.
The disconnection area takes in parts of Bundaberg Central, Kalkie, Rubyanna, Bundaberg East, Walkervale, Norville, Thabeban, Walkervale, Avenell Heights, Bundaberg South, Kepnock and Ashfield.
Parts of Millbank, Svensson Heights, Bundaberg West, Gooburrum, Bundaberg North, Bundaberg South and Bundaberg Central will be disconnected on July 14.
Residents in will need to switch existing landline phone, ADSL internet and Telstra cable internet services to the NBN if they want to keep using them.
NBN senior corporate affairs manager Kylie Lindsay urged residents to attend the Business and Community Forum or Discussion Sessions to find out about the huge impact access to fast broadband will have to the local region.
"Residents are invited to attend this forum and session to arm themselves with information and learn about how to maximise the opportunities presented by the NBN network,” Ms Lindsay said.
"This is an opportunity to ask questions about not only how to switch to the NBN network, but about the NBN services in general,” she said.
Ms Lindsay said access to high speed broadband through the NBN network is not automatic.
She urged Bundy residents and businesses that have not yet placed an order for services to contact their preferred internet service provider or phone company as soon as possible to maintain phone and internet access.
Click here to find out whether you are eligible to connect to NBN as well as more information about the areas scheduled to complete the transition to the network.
NBN BUSINESS AND COMMUNITY FORUM
When: 5.30-8pm Thursday
Where: Bundaberg Business Enterprise Centre, corner of Quay and Tantitha Sts
ONE-ON-ONE DISCUSSIONS
When: 9am-2.30pm Friday
Where: Bundaberg Business Enterprise Centre, corner of Quay and Tantitha Sts
AUSTRALIAN big wave surfer Ross Clarke-Jones is selling his stylish Jan Juc abode.
The surfing legend, pictured, that caught a 40m monster wave at the Nazare break in Portugal earlier this year, will be selling his Surf Coast base at 2 Sky Court at auction.
The four-bedroom house with two large living areas and a covered outdoor entertainment area is one of few Jan Juc properties that enjoy the Bob Pettit Reserve as its backyard.
MORE REAL ESTATE: Film producer Richard Keddie sells Anglesea holiday house
St Leonards Lower Bluff redesign makes home for sea-change buyers
Rural holding in Waurn Ponds sells $400K above expectations
The modern interior includes touches of the sport that made Clarke-Jones well known including surfboards and images of waves adorning the walls.
The crashing waves along Jan Juc beach are also only a 10-minute walk away, making this home ideal for a surfer.
CoreLogic data shows the property last sold for $198,000 in 2000.
Hocking Stuart, Torquay agent Josie Currell is handling the auction campaign for the property, but she declined to comment about the home's vendors.
The property will go to auction at noon on July 21 and is expected to fetch $1 million to $1.1 million.
tessa.hayward@news.com.au
CTV Vancouver
Police are investigating a crash between a taxi and a van in downtown Vancouver Wednesday that left a passenger with minor injuries.
The taxi was headed south on Howe near Smithe when it collided with a van that was pulling out of a parking spot shortly after 2 p.m., according to authorities.
The impact of the crash caused the taxi to roll onto its side, and sent the van into a pickup truck.
All of the three drivers remained at the scene, and apart from the one taxi passenger no one was hurt.
The cause of the collision hasn't been confirmed and remains under investigation, police said.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Days after President Donald Trump deemed Jeff Sessions "beleaguered" and threatened to fire him last July, members of the president's inner circle made a desperate case to save the attorney general's job.
The White House chief of staff, Reince Priebus, and the president's chief strategist, Steve Bannon, pleaded with Trump during a heated Oval Office meeting to keep Sessions, warning that his dismissal would only pour gasoline on the Russia investigation. And, they said, it could alienate those in Trump's conservative base, supporters enamored with the attorney general's tough stances on law enforcement and immigration.
Priebus and Bannon both lost their jobs within the month. But Sessions survived, his reprieve delivered by John Kelly as one of his first acts as chief of staff.
Ten months later, the Republican campaign to save Sessions has continued and — at least for now — succeeded. In private meetings, public appearances on television and late-night phone calls, Trump's advisers and allies have done all they can to persuade the president not to fire a Cabinet official he dismisses as disloyal. The effort is one of the few effective Republican attempts to install guardrails around a president who delights in defying advice and breaking the rules.
Advertisement
It's an ongoing effort, though not everyone is convinced the relationship is sustainable for the long term.
As recently as this month, Trump lawyer Rudy Giuliani said the president had raised the issue again, wondering aloud if he'd made a mistake in not firing Sessions. And both Giuliani and influential Republican lawmakers have hinted that, once special counsel Robert Mueller's probe wraps up, Sessions could be in danger again.
"There's no doubt he's complained about him, there's no doubt he has some grievances. I don't know they've aired them out yet. He's not going to fire him before this is over," Giuliani told reporters Wednesday. "Nor do I think he should."
Trump showed Wednesday the campaign to save Sessions hasn't tempered his anger at the attorney general's decision to recuse himself from the Russia probe, an act the president believed birthed the Mueller investigation, which is imperiling his presidency. In a tweet, Trump again declared he regretted appointing the former Alabama senator to the job in a familiar, but no less stunning, public rebuke of a sitting Cabinet official.
Despite the withering complaints, Trump appears to comprehend the potential consequences of firing Session and seems resigned to the idea that he's stuck with him for the time being, according to nearly a dozen people close to the decision, who spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss private conversations
The case that Sessions' protectors have outlined to Trump time and again largely consists of three components: Firing Sessions, a witness in Mueller's investigation of obstruction of justice, would add legal peril to his standing in the Russia probe; doing so would anger the president's political base, which Trump cares deeply about, especially with midterm election looming this fall; and a number of Republican senators would rebel against the treatment of a longtime colleague who was following Justice Department guidelines in his recusal.
Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley, R-Iowa, has said that he will not schedule a confirmation hearing for another attorney general nominee if Sessions is fired.
Giuliani told The Associated Press on Wednesday that Trump has asked him multiple times, before and after the former New York mayor joined the president's legal team last month, about whether Sessions should have been fired.
Giuliani said Trump consulted him last summer during the height of his rage about Sessions' recusal. More recently, he said, Trump has not actively considered firing Sessions, but has wondered if he made the right decision in not doing so previously.
"And when he asks, 'Should I have done that?' I say, 'No, the way it is now having worked out,'" Giuliani said, adding that he did not believe Trump would fire Sessions. Later, speaking to reporters at the White House, he compared the president's temper to that of the late George Steinbrenner, the mercurial owner of the New York Yankees.
Influential conservatives have also heard Trump lash out about Sessions and, though some have sympathy for the concerns, have repeatedly talked him out of doing anything drastic, said one person in touch with both men who insisted on anonymity to discuss private conversations. The person recalled a venting session after a meeting at the White House last fall, when the president aired his frustrations with the attorney general about his recusal. The person expressed sympathy but argued against firing Sessions, in part because of his success in carrying out the president's agenda.
Trump's complaints about Sessions have at times won sympathy from some friends who believe Sessions' recusal was too broad and ill-timed and undercut the positive attention from a State of the Union address the president had recently delivered.
While the recusal remains Sessions' original sin in Trump's eyes, the president has also fumed that he sees Sessions as failing to get a handle on immigration and not placing enough emphasis on combating transnational criminal organizations.
After being berated by Trump over the recusal decision last spring, Sessions offered his resignation, but the overture was rejected. He is widely viewed as determined to stay in the job because he believes in the president's agenda, which largely mirrors his own interests, and is reluctant to leave a job for which he gave up a safe Senate seat. Hours after the president's attack on Wednesday, Sessions visited the White House for a routine litigation issue, a Justice Department official said.
There may be a limit to how long the campaign to save Sessions can hold on. Giuliani on Wednesday only offered assurances Trump would not fire Sessions during the Mueller investigation, due to the "distraction" it would cause.
And a number of Republican senators who have supported Sessions have indicated in recent days that they are warming to Trump's complaints.
Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina, who in March said firing Sessions would "blow up" the Senate Judiciary Committee, struck a different tone Wednesday, noting that Cabinet positions are "not lifetime appointments." Looking ahead to fall elections, he has reinforced to Trump that the best approach now "is to keep focused on good governance in the midterms."
At some point, Graham said, Sessions will "have to make a decision" that if "you don't have the confidence" of the president, "that will affect your ability to be effective."
___
Associated Press writers Chad Day and Jill Colvin in Washington contributed to this report.
A FINANCIAL planning firm impersonated a Fair Work Commissioner in six phone calls to her superannuation funds and later described her as "aggressive" and "nitpicking" after she lodged a formal complaint over dodgy advice that, if implemented, would have cost her more than half a million dollars.
The Banking Royal Commission on Tuesday heard from Fair Work Commissioner Donna McKenna, who approached financial planner Sam Henderson from Henderson Maxwell in 2016 for advice ahead of the government's 1 July 2017 superannuation changes.
Despite repeatedly saying she was not interested in setting up a self-managed superannuation fund (SMSF), Ms McKenna said the statement of advice she received recommended she roll her superannuation into an SMSF, sell her shares and investments and invest all of her money with Henderson Maxwell's managed fund product.
"I thought [the recommendations] were risible," she told the Commission. "I remember saying to my son, 'I can't believe this, I've been to see the Financial Planner of the Year and this is what you get.'
"I thought if I went to an independently owned financial planning firm that I wouldn't be subjected to the product flogging of the type associated with the big banks, and yet all I'm being flogged is Henderson Maxwell's own products and services. I all but threw the advice in the bin at that stage."
The most egregious error in the advice was the recommendation that she roll over her State Authorities Superannuation Scheme (SASS). Had she done so before the retirement age of 58, she would have immediately forfeited $500,000.
Mr Henderson told the Commission the error arose because he mistakenly believed Ms McKenna was on a defined benefit scheme, as opposed to a deferred benefit scheme - despite his employee phoning the super fund while pretending to be Ms McKenna and being given the correct information.
Audio recordings provided to Ms McKenna by her two funds - SASS and the Public Sector Superannuation Accumulation Plan (PSSap) - after she lodged a formal complaint with the Financial Planning Association, were played to the Commission.
In one call, the Henderson Maxwell employee can be heard speaking to a SASS representative identifying herself as "Donna McKenna".
"Hi, I was wondering if I could get some information, please, on my member number, I've been given some questions to ask and I know I hold a defined benefit," she says.
Financial planner Sam Henderson.
After providing Ms McKenna's personal details, she goes on to ask what her lump sum payout would be if she accessed her funds early, and is informed of the $500,000 difference.
"Right, so OK, and if I wait till the age of 58 ... all right, yes, okay, I think that's about it that I need, thank you," she says.
Senior counsel assisting Rowena Orr QC asked Mr Henderson whether it was "standard for your employees to impersonate your clients and seek information about their superannuation accounts".
"No, absolutely not," Mr Henderson said. "I was horrified. It was most definitely the wrong thing to do. I was bitterly disappointed that someone would do that under my responsibility."
He added that the decision was ultimately made not to sack the employee.
"Instead we gave her a warning. It was borderline. In hindsight I should have persisted with my gut reaction," he said.
Ms McKenna was refunded her $4950 upfront fee, but had she signed on with Henderson Maxwell would have paid more than $3000 in additional brokerage fees plus an ongoing investment management fee of $14,642 - compared with the roughly $2800 she was paying through her super fund.
The Commission heard that 84 per cent of Henderson Maxwell's funds under management were with its own managed fund product. "Do you consider that you conducted a reasonable investigation into the financial products that might best achieve Ms McKenna's objectives?" Ms Orr asked.
"Yes, I do actually," Mr Henderson said. "We do consider all options for clients. I felt that in the first meeting we discussed what those options were, and collectively came to the agreement that a SMSF was suitable for Ms McKenna."
In his official response to the FPA to Ms McKenna's complaint, Mr Henderson hit out at her "barrage of aggressive and presumptive accusations" and added "I feel I've made every effort to attempt to satisfy Ms McKenna in finding an amicable solution to her issues without financial or other return to myself or my business".
"You then refer to things you have read in the press about Ms McKenna's role as a Fair Work Commissioner, in a highly critical way," Ms Orr said.
Describing her as "aggressive and nitpicking", Mr Henderson's letter said Ms McKenna had "approached this situation with extreme hostility" and treated him with the "utmost disdain".
In a subsequent email to the FPA, he described the incident as "a storm in a teacup" and said his "response before I went on holidays was exclusively for the FPA's benefit and not Donna McKenna" and that he would "appreciate" if his comments were not shared with her.
"Is it really nitpicking for Ms McKenna to make a complaint after receiving advice that would have cost her half a million dollars?" Ms Orr asked.
"No," Mr Henderson said. "That was clearly not a professional email."
frank.chung@news.com.au
He has already cancelled a show in Brighton.
Chris Rea has cancelled a further concert following his collapse during a show on Saturday.
The Driving Home For Christmas singer, 66, will no longer perform as planned at the Bournemouth International Centre on December 12.
Chris Rea performing at the New Theatre Oxford moments before he collapsed (@Darren_Fewins/Twitter/PA)
A statement from his spokesman said: “Unfortunately, Chris Rea is unable to perform at The Bournemouth International Centre (BIC) on Tuesday 12th December due to illness.
“All ticket holders should obtain refunds at point of purchase.”
His scheduled concert in Brighton on December 10, part of his The Road Songs for Lovers live tour, was also cancelled after he fell to the stage mid-song while performing at the New Theatre in Oxford on December 9.
One audience member described him as “falling into a clump”.
Shortly after the incident on Saturday night, Rea was thought to be in a “stable” condition.
Darren Fewins, who had been watching the show with his wife, told the Press Association the musician had been on stage for 40 to 45 minutes before he fell backwards.
“He was standing by the microphone and he had the guitar in his hand and he kept shaking his left hand as if there was something not quite right with it,” the 46-year-old said.
Chris Rea (@Darren_Fewins/Twitter)
“He walked forward to the microphone and he was trying to grab the microphone with his left hand, and it was swinging from side-to-side.
“I thought at first there was something wrong with it and he was trying to keep it steady. He then took three or four steps backwards.
“Then he just collapsed on the stage backwards. There was no-one there to catch him, he just fell into a clump.
“He was on his back for about two minutes before they brought the curtain down and then that was it.”
Another audience member said Rea had been “slurring his words a lot through the song beforehand”.
The Middlesbrough-born musician was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer and had his pancreas removed in 2001, and in 2016 he suffered a stroke.
Rea told BBC Breakfast in August: “I had a stroke exactly this time last year, and I stopped smoking this time last year.”
He said he is still feeling the effects of the stroke, and added: “I'm fine when I'm sitting down, I've just got a little bit of balance – it's a bit dodgy, just in case anyone thinks I'm drunk on-stage.”
© Press Association 2017
A study, carried out by EPFL, reports that adding guanidinium into perovskite solar cells stabilizes their efficiency at 19% for 1000 hours under full-sunlight testing circumstances. Details of the study have been published in Nature Energy.
Perovskite solar cell prototype. Credit: Alain Herzog / EPFL
With the power-conversion efficiency of silicon solar cells plateauing about 25%, perovskites are at present ideally positioned to become the next generation of photovoltaics in the market. Specifically, organic-inorganic lead halide perovskites provide manufacturing versatility that can potentially mean much higher efficiency: research has already revealed photovoltaic performances over 20% across different solar cell architectures developed with simple and economical processes.
The key challenge for the perovskite field is not really efficiency but stability. In contrast to silicon cells, perovskites are soft crystalline materials and susceptible to problems because of decomposition over time. In a commercial sense, this places perovskites on a higher price tag compared to conventional silicon cells.
There have thus been a number of efforts in synthesizing perovskite materials that can maintain high efficiency over an extended time period. This is realized by adding various cations (positively charged ions) into the crystal structure of the perovskite. Although success has been reported by blending inorganic cations like rubidium or cesium into the perovskite composition, these solutions can be tough and expensive to implement.
In the meantime, no organic – and easier to synthesize – cations that can enhance both efficiency and stability have been discovered thus far. Presently, the lab of Mohammad Khaja Nazeeruddin at EPFL Valais Wallis, with colleagues at the University of Cordoba, has discovered that they can enhance perovskite stability by adding the large organic cation guanidinium (CH 6 N 3 +) into methylammonium lead iodide perovskites, which are among the most potential alternatives in the group now.
The researchers demonstrate that the guanidinium cation inserts into the crystal structure of the perovskite and improves the material's total thermal and environmental stability, overcoming what is referred in the field as the “Goldschmidt tolerance factor limit.” This is a pointer to the stability of a perovskite crystal, which describes how compatible a specific ion is to it. A suitable Goldschmidt tolerance factor should be below or equal to 1; guanidinium's is only 1.03.
The study discovered that the incorporation of guanidinium greatly enhanced the material stability of the perovskite while providing an average power conversion efficiency more than 19% (19.2 ± 0.4%) and stabilizing this performance for 1000 hours under steady light illumination, which is a regular laboratory test for measuring the efficiency of photovoltaic materials. The researchers approximate that this corresponds to 1333 days (or 3.7 years) of real-world usage – this is based on basic criteria used in the field.
Professor Nazeeruddin explains: “Taking a standard acceleration factor of 2 for each ten degrees increase in temperature, an acceleration factor of 8 is estimated for 55 °C as opposed to 25 °C degrees. Hence the 1000 hours at 55 °C equivalent would be 8000 hours. Our cells were subjected at 60 °C, therefore the numbers could be even higher. Assuming the equivalent of 6 hours full sunlight/day, or 250 Wm-2 average irradiance (equivalent to North Africa) the total number of days are 1333, equals to 44.4 months and 3.7 years stability. However, for the standard solar cell accreditation a series of stress tests including temperature cycling and damp heat are also required.”
This is a fundamental step within the perovskite field. It offers a new paradigm in perovskite design as further explorations beyond the tolerance factor limit could prevail for cationic blends while preserving a 3D structure with improved stability through increased number of H-bonds within the inorganic framework – a problem that we are now close to solving. Professor Mohammad Khaja Nazeeruddin, EPFL
Contributors
Universidad de Córdoba
Humboldt Universitat zu Berlin
Abengoa Research
Helmholtz-Zentrum Berlin für Materialien und Energie
Funding
European Commission Horizon 2020 (SOLEDLIGHT)
Toyota Motor Europe Technical Center
Swiss State Secretariat for Education, Research and Innovation (SERI)
Spanish Ministry of Economy and Competitiveness
Marie Skłodowska Curie fellowship (Horizon 2020 Grant agreement)
European Cooperation in Science & Technology (COST)
Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft (DFG)
References
Alexander D. Jodlowski, Cristina Roldán-Carmona, Giulia Grancini, Manuel Salado, Maryline Ralaiarisoa, Shahzada Ahmad, Norbert Koch, Luis Camacho, Gustavo de Miguel, Mohammad Khaja Nazeeruddin. Large guanidinium cation mixed with methylammonium in lead iodide perovskites for 19% efficient solar cells. Nature Energy 08 December 2017. DOI: s41560-017-0054-3
Have your say
Leeds Festival organisers have announced that pineapples will not be allowed at the event this Bank Holiday.
The exotic fruit appears on a list of banned items alongside fireworks and weapons.
The ban has been issued after it was feared fans of the band Glass Animals, who are due to perform at Leeds and its sister festival Reading, would bring hundreds of pineapples into the site at Bramham Park.
Glass Animals reference pineapples in their lyrics and have decorated their sets with the fruit during previous festival appearances.
However, the group's drummer Joe Seaward denounced the decision as 'fruitist' and questioned why other large exotic fruits, such as watermelons, are permitted.
But organisers did add that the decision was 'slightly tongue-in-cheek'.
Other forbidden items include drones and glassware.
'We can't do it alone' - Jacinda Ardern promises a partnership with Maori on problems they face
The PM says the Government can only make the gains it wants if it works in partnership with Maori.
The Springbok joined Munster on loan from Western Province in 2016.
Munster Rugby have today confirmed the news that South African Jaco Taute has extended his loan stay until the end of the season.
Having joined up with the Irish provincial side last year, Taute, who can play at centre or full-back, has since become a key member of Rassie Erasmus' squad, having played eleven times and scored five tries.
In further positive news for the Reds, scrum-half Angus Lloyd has also agreed a deal to extend his loan period until the end of the season.
The 24-year-old Irishman joined Munster from Ulster last November.
Director of Rugby Erasmus this morning spoke of his delight at the deals:
‘Thankfully all parties have successfully come together in permitting us to secure Angus and Jaco for the remainder of the season.'
‘We were keen to retain the services of both players as we move on to our next fixtures. With Cathal (Sheridan) continuing to rehab a long-term ankle injury and Conor (Murray) unavailable to us during the international window. Angus will bolster our options at scrumhalf.'
‘Similarly, with Jaco already in the system, having him available as a fullback or centre will be invaluable as our backline options will need to adapt with international commitments and following recent injuries to Alex Wootton, Bill Johnston and Darren Sweetnam.'
The extent of the injury to Sweetnam was also confirmed this morning, with the knee problem sustained by the 23-year-old during Munster's St. Stephen's Day matchup with Leinster set to keep him out for a minimum of six weeks.
Share This: Elena Is Back And More Confused Than Ever In First Vampire Diaries Series Finale Teaser Crystal
The countdown to the series finale of The Vampire Diaries is officially on after The CW dropped the very first teaser for the monumental event on Monday (February 13). The 10-second sneak peek features none other than Elena Gilbert (Nina Dobrev), who's now awake and very confused.
“What happened?” Elena asks, most likely wondering why she's woken up from her magical slumber so soon. (Remember: Kai tied Elena's life to Bonnie's in Season 6, meaning that as long as Bonnie is alive, Elena would have to sleep.) Of course the other possibility is that Elena has lost her memories, which would be devastating for Damon and Delena fans alike.
The brief teaser also gives us a healthy dose of Mystic Falls nostalgia with a photo from Elena, Caroline, and Bonnie's cheerleading days. But what is Elena doing back at Mystic Falls High School? With Kai (Chris Wood) returning to The Vampire Diaries ahead of the finale, it's possible that Damon convinces him to break the curse—or perhaps this teaser takes place 70 years in the future. After all, why would the camera linger on the high school trophy cabinet?
The series finale, written by TVD co-creators Julie Plec and Kevin Williamson and aptly titled “I Was Feeling Epic,” will air Friday, March 10.
The well-intentioned call recently by U.S. Sen. John McCain, R-Arizona, for Republicans and Democrats to put aside political divisions and return to what is called “regular order” to work out a compromise between the Affordable Care Act and the Republican call to “repeal and replace” the ACA is unlikely to succeed.
The philosophical divide between core groups within each party is irreconcilable.
Core Republicans want a largely free-market approach to health care, where patients, doctors, hospitals, and insurance, pharmaceutical and medical appliance companies are all competing in the marketplace in a manner that best meets their needs. It's Adam Smith's “invisible hand” applied to health care, and they are prepared to tolerate 50 million uninsured people.
That's what we had before the ACA.
Core Democrats see health care not as a constitutional right (it's clearly not), but as a type of human “right.” They want a more regulated health care system, where patients, doctors, hospitals, etc., have considerable – but not unfettered – choice. They are not prepared to tolerate 50 million uninsured. They saw an imperfect ACA as a step in the right direction, where 20 million more people had meaningful health-care coverage.
The philosophical divide is so entrenched that Democrats could not get a single measure that improved, streamlined, or removed flaws in the ACA through a Republican Congress in the seven years since the ACA's passage.
The Republicans, with seven years to think about how to bridge the philosophical divide, couldn't do it. They control the Oval Office and Congress, but could not legislate “repeal and replace.” Every Democrat held firm, and a small group of Republicans (who would not allow millions to again be uninsured) defected.
That's how even the philosophical divide is.
At this point Republicans cannot stop; they made promises to their constituents. Grudgingly for many, they will return to “regular order” to fashion (with “blue dog” Democrats) what will be called a compromise. The worst of total ACA “repeal” will be avoided. Perhaps 8 million-12 million of the newly insured will be able to retain some form of coverage.
The total number of uninsured may well drop to 38 million-40 million. Minor repairs to the ACA focused on the elderly, those with pre-existing conditions, the current opioid crisis will be made. Almost certainly, large parts of ACA's Medicaid expansion (utilized by 31 states) will be turned over to the states with few, if any, strings and generous (up to 90 percent) federal financial support.
When (if) this “regular order” legislation passes, Republicans will claim victory and “promises kept.” Democrats, too (but in a more muted voice), will claim victory, because the worst will have been avoided and a more bipartisan approach to serious issues will have been re-established.
But with respect to larger health care segments, the core in each party will know and feel that they have lost. More importantly, neither party will give up.
Republicans, in the name of deficit reduction, will begin calling for overall cuts to Medicaid. They are unlikely to press hard on insurers or the pharmaceutical industry; in little ways they will cut useful health care regulations. If costs and the number of uninsured rise, so be it.
Core Democrats see the 2018 elections as critical. They need to regain at least one branch of Congress; they will tout the fact that millions who were insured under the ACA, and nearly 40 million overall, have no health insurance; that many of these people are deserving poor; that our free-market health-care costs are double that of any other country and produce woeful health-care outcomes (people are dying needlessly).
In other words, the philosophical divide will not go away.
Republicans (subtly or less so) will talk about the “lazy” poor; the bogeyman of “socialized” medicine; “death squads;” the right of all Americans to choose their own doctor, health care, etc., which falsely assumes they have the resources to make any choice at all.
Democrats will talk about greed within the health care industry; human dignity – particularly that of innocent children, elderly, and handicapped individuals; preventive medicine, and that insurance for all will, in fact, reduce the nation's health care costs.
In short, this philosophical divide seems intractable. Given that facts count for so little, it will sadly not be bridged any time soon.
Orlando Delogu of Portland is a emeritus professor of law at the University of Maine School of Law and a longtime public policy consultant to federal, state, and local government agencies and officials. He can be reached at orlandodelogu@maine.rr.com.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Comments about Quicken 2017 for Mac 4.4.1
To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person.
Adds a basic auto-backup feature, refines the behavior of the register status icons, and resolves several crashes ($74.99 new, free update from Quicken 2017)
Toronto photographer Ben Roffelsen sent us this great shot for our daily photo. Check out his page for more of his images from around the city.
To have your photos featured on our website, please join our 500px group.
China's got a strange new method of stopping jaywalkers. Picture: YouTube
China's got a strange new method of stopping jaywalkers. Picture: YouTube
LET'S face it, we're all guilty of jaywalking.
You're in a rush, the traffic is light and there's one of those convenient little islands halfway to stop at if you get weary on your journey.
Bravely risking a $72 fine, you glance around and march forward in defiance of the threatening red man.
Yeah, don't try that in China.
Citizens in the city of Daye in China's Hubei province will get sprayed by a jet of water if they cross before the friendly little green man appears.
Law enforcement officers in the region recently installed five bright yellow posts at one of the city's busiest intersections.
According to China Daily, the posts feature a speaker system that informs pedestrians when it's safe to cross - with a warning.
"Please don't go through," the automated recording says. "You will be sprayed with water."
Footage has emerged at street crossings in the region showing Chinese citizens getting blasted with a mist of water for disobeying the rules.
They also contain laser beams that display red and green lights to show when it's safe to cross.
All in all, the equipment cost a local information technology company 1.3 million yuan ($A270,000) to install.
And in case a big wet splotch on the front of your trousers wasn't enough of a deterrent, the monitors also come with facial recognition technology that can identify jaywalkers.
People who jaywalk will be photographed, and pictures of their faces are sent to a police database and used to determine their identities.
Last month, the ABC reported Chinese authorities in the southern city of Shenzhen had launched a public website to name and shame offenders using artificial intelligence cameras.
Photographs of the offending pedestrians are now instantly displayed on LED screens installed at road junctions in the region.
Hmm. Maybe we'll just wait the extra 10 seconds.
Bob Weir and Phil Lesh, two founding members of the Grateful Dead, announced their first-ever duo tour, promising back-to-back acoustic and
This article originally appeared on www.rollingstone.com: Grateful Dead Founders Bob Weir, Phil Lesh Plot First Duo Tour
…read more
Via:: Rolling Stone
Arrests
5/27 at 6:28 p.m. Shaun Barry, 26, no address listed, was arrested on Market Street by Officer Ryan Johns on charges of unlawful possession of scheduled drugs and violating conditions of release.
5/28 at 5:52 p.m. Chelsea R. Vincent, 19, of South Portland, was arrested on Broadway by Officer Brian McCarthy on a charge of operating with a suspended or revoked license.
5/31 at 6:52 p.m. James M. McCoy, 28, of South Portland, was arrested at Crocketts Corner by Officer Jeff Warren on a charge of operating after habitual offender license revocation.
6/1 at 3:53 p.m. Matthew Crockett, 18, of South Portland, was arrested on Ocean Street by Officer Kevin Sager on charges of possession of marijuana and violating conditions of release.
6/2 at 11:55 a.m. Michele Kimball, 45, of Westbrook, was arrested on Running Hill Road by Officer Theodore Sargent on an outstanding warrant from another agency.
Summonses
5/27 at 5:11 p.m. Chelsea R. Vincent, 19, of South Portland, was issued a summons on Main Street by Officer Philip Loganecker on a charge of operating with a suspended or revoked license.
5/28 at 12:24 a.m. Prosper Kinyomvyi, 41, of Portland, was issued a summons on Cash Corner by Officer Ezekiel Collins on a charge of operating with a suspended or revoked license.
5/29 at 1:27 p.m. Katherine Crozier, 25, of South Portland, was issued a summons on Broadway by Officer Rocco Navarro on a charge of operating with an expired registration.
5/31 at 12:35 p.m. Kyle J. Dixon, 30, of Scarborough, was issued a summons on Broadway by Officer Kevin Sager on a charge of operating with a suspended or revoked license.
5/31 at 6:43 p.m. Matthew J. Baffa, 25, of Brooklyn, New York, was issued a summons on Highland Avenue by Officer Scott Corbett on a charge of operating without a license.
6/1 at 1:08 p.m. James W. McDonald, 57, of South Portland was issued a summons on Broadway by Officer Shane Stephenson on a charge of operating after habitual offender license revocation.
6/1 at 10:32 p.m. Zoe E. Lambert, 18, of Kennebunk, was issued a summons on Maine Mall Road by Officer Ryan Le on a charge of leaving the scene of an accident.
6/2 at 1:16 p.m. Andrew MacDonald, 35, of Scarborough, was issued a summons by Officer Theodore Sargent on charges of operating with a suspended or revoked license and unlawful possession of scheduled drugs.
Fire calls
6/6 at 2:02 p.m. Accident on Broadway
6/6 at 2:11 p.m. Accident with injuries on Scarborough Street.
6/7 at 2:02 p.m. Removal of person from stalled elevator on Western Avenue.
6/7 at 3:05 p.m. Smoke detector malfunction on Stanford Street.
6/7 at 3:35 p.m. Bomb scare on Main Street.
6/7 at 6:51 p.m. Unintentional smoke detector activation on Spring Point Drive.
6/8 at 5:11 p.m. Telephone or cable wire down on Sawyer Street.
6/8 at 7:57 p.m. Person in distress on Gorham Road.
6/9 at 6:44 p.m. Person in distress on Sawyer Street.
6/9 at 6:55 p.m. Person in distress on Brickhill Avenue.
6/10 at 4:45 a.m. Alarm system malfunction on John Roberts Road.
6/10 at 10:20 a.m. Unintentional smoke detector activation on John Roberts Road.
6/10 at 5:13 p.m. Accident on Broadway.
6/10 at 6:02 p.m. Accident with injuries on Broadway.
6/11 at 11:29 a.m. Accident with injuries on Fellows Street.
6/11 at 12:20 p.m. Mulch fire on Cottage Road.
6/11 at 2:07 p.m. Telephone or cable wire down on Wescott Street.
6/11 at 2:18 p.m. Accident on Cottage Road.
6/11 at 6:06 p.m. Unintentional smoke detector activation on Spring Point Drive.
6/11 at 6:19 p.m. Hazardous condition on Madison Street.
6/11 at 5:55 p.m. Person in distress on Soule Street.
6/11 at 5:59 p.m. Water or steam leak on Townhouse Street.
6/11 at 6:54 p.m. Person in distress on Kelley Street.
EMS
South Portland emergency medical services responded to 48 calls from June 6-12.
In a few months, AOL Instant Messenger will go the way of such tech touchstones as AltaVista and Netscape. It was 20 years ago that "AIM" went online. It quickly exploded in popularity, peaked and then slowly succumbed to competitors.
For many of us, AIM conjures up memories of dial-up modems, the sound of a "handshake" and the phrase "You've Got Mail."
"AIM tapped into new digital technologies and ignited a cultural shift, but the way in which we communicate with each other has profoundly changed," says Michael Albers, vice president of communications product at Oath Inc., a subsidiary of Verizon Communications that brought AOL and Yahoo together into a single unit earlier this year.
On Twitter, a social media platform that in no small way contributed to AIM's demise, people seemed a bit nostalgic but not terribly surprised.
"You likely remember the CD, your first screenname, your carefully curated away messages, and how you organized your buddy lists," Albers says. "In the late 1990's, the world had never seen anything like it. And it captivated all of us."
In fact, by 2001, AIM had captivated about 100 million of us worldwide, but as Techcrunch.com writes:
"It battled for supremacy with competitors like ICQ, and messengers from Yahoo and Microsoft MSN. But eventually text messaging, Google's GChat and Facebook took over, while AIM never fully figured out the shift to mobile. That led to AOL's fall from grace, going from being valued at $224 billion in today's money to just $4.4 billion when it was sold to Verizon in 2015. For context on the business AOL let slip away, WhatsApp sold that same year to Facebook for more than $19 billion."
"We know there are so many loyal fans who have used AIM for decades; and we loved working and building the first chat app of its kind since 1997," AOL writes on the AIM help page. "Our focus will always be on providing the kind of innovative experiences consumers want. We're more excited than ever to focus on building the next generation of iconic brands and life-changing products."
If you still have an AIM account, you can keep using it until December 15. After that, you will no longer be able to sign on.
Acclaimed conductor Larry Rachleff, who has led the Music Academy of the West Festival Orchestra in triumphant season-opening performances each of the past five years, will again be on the podium on Saturday when the Music Academy presents its opening orchestral concert of the 2013 Summer School and Festival at Santa Barbara's historic Granada Theatre.
Featuring Béla Bartók's vivid score for The Miraculous Mandarin, Claude Debussy's influential tone poem La Mer and Maurice Ravel's Viennese waltz tribute La Valse, the performance will begin at 8 p.m. Tickets start at $15.
Described by the Chicago Tribune as a “take-charge maestro who invests everything he conducts with deep musical understanding,” Rachleff has served as music director of the Rhode Island Philharmonic for 17 seasons. He also serves as music director of Rice University's Shepherd School Orchestras in Houston, and recently stepped down as music director of the Chicago Philharmonic, a post he held for 23 years.
Rachleff has appeared as a guest conductor with the Los Angeles Philharmonic, the Houston, Seattle, Indianapolis, Utah and Kansas City symphony orchestras, and the Los Angeles Chamber Orchestra. In 1993, he was among four American conductors selected to lead the Cleveland Orchestra at Carnegie Hall under the mentorship of Maestro Pierre Boulez.
A former faculty member at Oberlin Conservatory, where he was music director of orchestras and conductor of the Contemporary Ensemble, Rachleff also has served as conductor for USC Thornton Opera. In 1988 he led the highly acclaimed American-Soviet Youth Orchestra tour, and he has conducted and presented masterclasses at the Chopin Academy in Warsaw, the Zurich Hochschule, and the Sydney and Queensland (Australia) conservatories.
In constant demand as a conductor and masterclass clinician, Rachleff is frequently invited to lead other conservatory orchestras, including those at Juilliard, England's Royal Northern College, and New England Conservatory. He has collaborated with such leading composers as Samuel Adler, the late Luciano Berio, George Crumb and John Harbison.
Rachleff led the Academy Festival Orchestra in well-received concerts to open the 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011 and 2012 Summer Festivals. Writing in the Santa Barbara Independent, critic Charles Donelan observed that the conductor “moves so well on the podium that he can be easy for the audience to overlook, but that is clearly not the case on the musicians' side of the proscenium, where smiles, warm glances, and the gentle thunder of pounding heels met his every effort.”
The Granada is located at 1216 State St. in Santa Barbara. The concert is supported by a gift from Robert Weinman.
The Music Academy of the West's 2013 Summer School and Festival began Monday. Over the course of this year's eight-week season, the academy will present 200 events, including a new production of Wolfgang Mozart's beloved opera The Magic Flute as well as the West Coast premiere of bereshit by exciting young composer/conductor Matthias Pintscher. Additional highlights will include performances by violinist Midori, pianist Jeremy Denk, baritone Vladimir Chernov, and Brooklyn Rider, as well as conducting turns by Leonard Slatkin, James Gaffigan, Bernard Labadie, Nicholas McGegan, Warren Jones, Tito Muñoz and Pintscher. Featuring the Academy's exceptionally talented Fellows, together with illustrious guest performers and faculty, the events will be presented at the Academy's scenic Miraflores campus and in venues throughout Santa Barbara.
For tickets and information, call 805.969.8787 or click here.
— Tim Dougherty is the communications manager for the Music Academy of the West.
GREENVILLE, S.C. (AP) – Government regulators are considering whether to OK a 55-mile natural gas pipeline from Spartanburg County to Greenwood County as environmental groups and landowners challenge the plans.
The Greenville News reports Dominion Resources Services is proposing the pipeline that opponents say is unnecessary.
The South Carolina Environmental Law Project and Upstate Forever say the pipeline would benefit only the company and its Lowcountry customers while Upstate residents would lose private property and bear the brunt of its impact.
Dominion officials say the pipeline, part of their Transco to Charleston Project, will help serve increasing demand and support economic development.
The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission must approve the pipeline before it can be built.
Leading Maritime Cybersecurity Specialists proudly announce their Morning Coffee Break Sponsorship of Digital Ship CIO Forum, taking place at the Carob Mill Congress Venue in the Richard and Berengaria Ballroom, Limassol on 27th March 2018.
Contact
Epsco-Ra
Wendy Kenny
wkenny@epsco- ra.com
+357 25733091 Epsco-RaWendy Kenny+357 25733091
End
-- The theme of the event is the new age where digitalisation is re-shaping the shipping world, creating increased opportunity for development and innovation. With advancements and new concepts providing unparalleled growth opportunities the maritime community requires the knowledge, understanding and ability to identify what defines digitalisation and how we can make the most of the opportunities which lie ahead.http://www.cyprus.thedigitalship.com/In attendance will be Epsco-Ra's Director of Technology, Mr Gideon Lenkey and Director, Mr Andreas Ioannou to offer advice and solutions to cyber maritime problems. Mr Ioannou said, "Epsco-Ra is delighted to once again extend our support by sponsoring this important international CIO Forum in Cyprus. We look forward to welcoming delegates to our sponsored Morning Coffee Break, providing an opportunity to discuss their maritime cybersecurity concerns and requirements"About fsbdt Epsco-Ra:With offices in the USA, Cyprus, Singapore and Germany with over twenty years' experience in maritime and security industries; Epsco-Ra is a global leading maritime cybersecurity company, providing a comprehensive delivery of cybersecurity consulting and managed services to the international shipping community.
Tungsten carbide powder is a compound containing atoms of tungsten and carbide. Tungsten carbide powder can be pressed and molded into different shapes and sizes for usage in cutting tools, abrasives, industrial machinery, jewelry, and other tools and equipment. This powder is characterized by high thermal conductivity, extreme stiffness, and intense strength. Furthermore, it is denser than steel and aluminum. Tungsten carbide powder is produced through a conventional method of carburization, which involves mixing tungsten powder with high purity carbon and reacting the mixture at temperatures ranging between 1,300 and 1,600 degrees centigrade in hydrogen atmosphere. The powder formed is stored in sealed polythene lined steel drums.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/tungsten-carbide-powder-market.html
Micro grain tungsten carbide powder is employed for nozzles, circuit board drills, and end mills, while fine powder is utilized in cutting tools. Further, ultra and medium coarse powders are employed in energy drilling tools, mining tools, and road construction bits.
Rise in mining and construction activities, development of engineering industries, and expansion of the transportation sector are some demand-generating factors which are estimated to drive the expansion of the global tungsten carbide powder market. In the mining and construction industry, these powders are employed in tunnel boring machines and roller-cutters since these powders offer resistance from abrasion, wear and tear, and improve the strength of materials.
It is also widely utilized in jewelry to prevent them from getting scratched or tarnished easily. Demand for energy minerals such as coal has led to an increase in mining activities. This, coupled with rapid urbanization and improved infrastructure, has led to expansion of the in construction project. The emerging economies have been witnessing a rise in demand for coal and other minerals due to an increase in electricity consumption to satisfy a large population
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=23747
Therefore, all these factors are anticipated to lead to an increase in demand for tungsten carbide powders.
However, tungsten carbide powders are highly toxic. Inhaling them can cause serious respiratory diseases and can also severely affect vision and cause skin allergies. Extensive usage of these powders in cement carbide causes harmful effects on the environment. Therefore harmful health and environmental effects of tungsten carbide powders can lead to their reduced usage, thereby causing hindrance to the expansion of the market.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
When it comes to picking the team of the tournament there's a temptation to pick 15 Irish players. Their collective performance in winning five from five certainly justifies them dominating individually, and likewise, it's almost impossible to split Conor Murray and Johnny Sexton for player of the tournament, but we'll go with the latter for that nerveless quarterback impersonation in Paris and that drop goal.
The 21-year-old came into the tournament on the back of three cameos off the bench last November and impressed on his full debut against England with his footwork, counter-attacking and ability to hit the line, whereupon he augmented some try-saving last-ditch tackling by scoring tries in four successive games. In a strong category, Rob Kearney beat the most defenders (18) and Stuart Hogg made the most metres (479).
Although ‘aul man Earlsy', as Joe Schmidt likes to call him, only scored one try, there could/should have been more but for the ball not coming his way. There was still that fantastic leap in Paris for Sexton's cross kick in overtime, that 60 metre covering tackle on Tommaso Benvenuti, a couple more try-saving tackles on Elliot Daly and much more in a deserving first title/Slam of his career.
The Scottish-born, English educated, rugby product of Western Province was wrongly picked at inside centre against Wales, but flourished at ‘13', igniting Scotland's campaign by scoring a try against France and a wonderful first-half double against England. He also played a huge role in Sean Maitland's try when he sped onto that Pass by Finn Russell.
Maintained the highest of standards while all around him seemed to be losing theirs. He put Italy to the sword on the opening weekend in Rome, and produced the kick of the tournament with that alert, perfectly executed long grubber for Jonny May's try against Wales, almost dragged England back into the game against Scotland seemingly single-handedly and never shirked his responsibilities or workload.
By a distance. Some rookie. Some campaign. The young Ulster winger has an uncanny ability to seize the moment, be it his intercept try in the final play of the game against Wales, or his chip and score with the final play of the first-half against England. His defence is a work in progress but he scored more tries (seven) than anyone since the advent of the Six Nations, and also made more clean line breaks, 11, than anyone else. One problem: how to follow that? “We've won a Grand Slam and that's the first stepping stone towards being a really dominant team in world rugby - we're sitting number two and we'll be excited to have a crack at New Zealand.” The fearlessness of youth.
10: Johnny Sexton (Ireland)
When Anthony Belleau lined up his 78th minute penalty on the opening Saturday in the Stade de France, Ireland's Grand Slam hopes appeared to be goosed. But Sexton was already plotting Ireland's escape to victory. He told Iain Henderson where his restart was going, had the nerve to cross kick to Earls after the 80 minute mark, and then landed ‘That Drop Goal. In a mindset bordering on a rage for victory, he was as cold as ice. Thereafter Sexton was imperious in his marshalling of Ireland's game, with his decision-making, goal-kicking and playmaking in every game.
9: Conor Murray (Ireland)
Along with Sexton, Murray was again at the hub of Ireland's game with his zippy passing, energy to every breakdown and running game. His kicking is a huge part of Ireland's almost flawless exit strategy. He instigated and finished a lovely try against Italy, and along with Greig Laidlaw had the most try-scoring assists (four) in the tournament. At times he also filled into the defensive line, covered the back field and even won lineouts and kicked penalties, finishing with a 100 per cent kicking record!
Rumours of his demise have indeed proved premature. This campaign was an astonishing comeback for Healy. Above all else, he took care of basics, holding his own and forcing a succession of penalties at scrum time, but also chipped in with his usual quota of carries (averaging nine per game), a try against Wales and a high, and accurate tackle count (not missing one). After some injury troubled years, Healy was back to his very best.
He looked a busted flush after captaining France for so long through some grim times, but being re-united with his old Perpginan coach Jacques Brunel seemed to revive him. Guirado drew the line in the sand for Les Bleus with 31 tackles against Ireland, and no-one did more to inspire France in their win over Les Rosbifs with his carrying and big plays. He had made 59 tackles overall before being sidelined for the last game against Wales. Hard to think where France would be without this warrior.
A true jewel in Ireland's crown and a true modern day prop, in that he scrummages and also has the mobility, work-rate and handling dexterity required of a tighthead nowadays - witness his playmaking partnership with Sexton and that deft transfer to Bundee Aki! In three and a bit games, he made 33 carries (some of which were Moss Keane-like) and 26 tackles, missing none. Thankfully, he doesn't seem to take himself remotely seriously. Long may that and his form continue.
One could make an equally compelling case for Iain Henderson, who was outstanding in Twickenham. As eye-catching as Ryan's work-rate is the sheer accuracy of his play. The 21-year-old made 51 carries in the four starts of his rookie campaign, for 75 metres, and he scarcely missed a beat or a tackle. To think, if he stays healthy, he can only get better.
5: Alun Wyn Jones (Wales)
A close call between the Welsh warrior and Jonny Gray, who led the tournament tackle count with 100. Jones was the standard bearer in the sleeves rolled up win over France last Saturday. He typified the Welsh resistance in Twickenham and Dublin, making 35 tackles in those two games and missing none, as well as being a go-to man in the lineout and an impressive, imposing captain.
Amid all the rookies, mostly Irish, who cut a swathe through the tournament, there was something heartening about a 30-year-old Pro14 stalwart finally availing of the chance afforded him by injuries to others. A wonderfully rangy runner, he almost inspired a Welsh comeback win in Twickenham with a typical break, scored a try against Ireland, stole more lineouts than anyone in the tournament and had a huge tackle count.
Akin to Shingler, it's remarkable to think that Leavy mightn't have featured much, or at all, but for the cruelly unlucky Sean O'Brien being ruled out of the tournament or Josh van der Flier following suit in the first-half in Paris. Whereupon Leavy stepped in immediately. Hard as nails, almost unmovable over the ball, a strong carrier, he scored a try against Wales and was consistently tough and durable. Yacouba Camara was also consistently inspiring for France, notably in their win over France.
8. CJ Stander (Ireland)
No-one exemplifies what this Ireland team is about more than Munster's adopted South African. The serial man-of-the-match performances are so taken for granted nowadays that he doesn't win them anymore. For the second Six Nations in a row he made more carries (95) than any other player, and for a hard-earned 194 metres in total, topping it off with a fine try against England, when he also finished the game as captain.
NEW YORK (AP) - Some men see a simple strategy for stemming sexual misconduct at work: Just avoid one-on-one interactions with women.
The idea has gained new currency after an avalanche of allegations against influential men in entertainment, media and politics this fall.
But some women, and men, worry that the same climate that's emboldening women to speak up about misconduct could backfire by making some men wary of female colleagues.
Facebook chief operating officer Sheryl Sandberg recently wrote that she hoped the outcry over misconduct doesn't "have the unintended consequence of holding women back."
To be sure, plenty of people limit contact with the opposite sex. Vice President Mike Pence has long said he doesn't have one-on-one meals with any woman except his wife, as part of prioritizing his marriage.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
FOR those who prefer to clean the house in style (or accessorise in that oh-so-chic washing up way), Calvin Klein's $515 rubber gloves are here just for you.
As shown in the brand's spring/summer '18 collection, which showed at New York Fashion Week in September, these pink rubber gloves have finally hit the market, available now on Ssense for a cool $515. Available in a "rose pink" and complete with the Calvin Klein logo at the cuff, the gloves are certainly statement-making, and will go perfectly with the brand's yellow rubber T-shirt or skirt (both $3280), for a full Hitchcock-esque take on daytime dressing.
The rubber gloves by Calvin Klein.
In the Calvin Klein show where the gloves made their debut, the audience was treated to designer Raf Simons' take on horror, with a collection packed with scary-movie motifs straight out of The Shining as well as references to prom gone wrong. Drawing off the season's huge PVC trend (which peaked with Chanel's plastic-focused spring/summer '18 show in Paris) the gloves are yet another take on turning the ordinary into extraordinary - Balenciaga's $2000 Ikea bag, anyone?
So if you're looking for the perfect gift for someone who really, really loves to wash up (or just want to channel serious horror movie feelings with your next purchase), then what are you waiting for?
This article originally appeared on Vogue Australia and has been republished with permission.
Shah Rukh Khan and Mahira Khan
Contact
FridayMoviez
***@twilighten.com FridayMoviez
End
-- Our calendar has changed and we have finally stepped in an all New Year of 2017. Bollywood superstar Shah Rukh Khan gave a pleasant surprise to his fans by sharing two new posters of his upcoming bollywood movie 'Raees.'He tweeted the posters on his Twitter handle and captioned the first one as, "Tu shama hai toh yaad rakhna... Main bhi hoon parwana..." and the second as, "O #Zaalima..."The first poster shows a bruised Shah Rukh along with his lady love Mahira Khan engaged in some intense romance. The line on the poster reads, "Tu Shama Hai, Toh Yaad Rakhna.. Main Bhi Hoon Parwana." The second poster shows Shah Rukh Khan in his grumpy avatar completely showcasing his gangster looks.There are just few days remaining for the film to hit the theatres and it will be a clash of the titans with Hrithik Roshan's 'Kaabil' releasing on the same day. Meanwhile the songs of both the films are setting up an benchmark as both the films have an remade version of two hit songs of Bollywood from the golden era.Directed by Rahul Dholakia, the film releases on January 25, 2017.Take a look at the posters here.Please visit http://www.fridaymoviez.com
Waterford selector Eoin Murphy admitted last night that Conor Gleeson's red card in Sunday's All-Ireland semi-final victory over Cork cast a shadow over post-match celebrations.
Gleeson will be suspended for the September 3rd decider with Galway – and Waterford are also sweating on Austin Gleeson's availability.
Déise officials should find out today if Austin Gleeson is to face any proposed sanction from the GAA's Central Competitions Control Committee (CCCC), following an incident that saw Cork player Luke Meade's helmet removed from his head.
While doubt surrounds the Austin Gleeson case, his namesake Conor looks set to be reported for a category III infraction, namely ‘to strike or attempt to strike an opponent with a hurley, with minimal force'.
The offence carries a one-match suspension and would see Gleeson miss out on the Galway showpiece.
Murphy told WLR FM last night: “It's a pity and it was hard to take at the time. The game was nearly over, close to the 70th minute, and it's tough on Conor. I don't know what way it's going to go, we'll see what due process is going to be.
“It's a pity – it dampened down the win after for us but look, we had to deal with different situations coming into the semi-final, and we may have to deal with one or two more now.
“We need to stay focused and that's why we train with a panel of 34 to the nth degree – so we have players to come in if needed.”
Cork, meanwhile, have confirmed that they'll look to exonerate Patrick Horgan after he was red-carded following the Conor Gleeson flashpoint.
In what was a case of mistaken identity, referee James Owens dismissed Horgan, when it was Shane Kingston who retaliated against Gleeson following the initial incident.
Pre-match planning
It now appears certain that the Horgan red card will be passed on to Kingston.
Cork understands that Kingston would then be suspended for the opening Allianz League fixture of 2018.
The consequences for Gleeson are far more serious, however, as Murphy hailed his “outstanding” weekend contribution.
Murphy said: “He snuck up for a fantastic point after Jamie's goal – a super point which kicked us on again. He was outstanding all through. We'll have to see what's going to happen in the next few days, we'll see what way the process is going to go.”
Murphy confirmed that Waterford had targeted Anthony Nash's puck-outs in their pre-match planning and wanted to hold the Rebels to a minimum 20-point haul.
Both objectives were achieved and Murphy said: “We needed to nullify them a small bit and not let them get so much momentum. Their forwards are so good – they proved in the Munster championship that if you give them space and good quality ball, they'll punish you.
“The backs and forwards worked so hard and the quality of ball going in wasn't as good. Even on the puck-outs, they struggled to find the space they found in the first game against us in Thurles.”
Murphy revealed: “To be honest, our plan was to try and keep Cork down to 20 points overall. It's great but it's a semi-final at the end of the day. We're back in a final and it will count for nothing if we don't hold our heads. We have to go again to beat Galway.”
Tonight's WWE SmackDown and WWE 205 Live episodes will take place from the KFC Yum! Center in Louisville, KY.
Matches confirmed for tonight's SmackDown include Asuka & Becky Lynch vs. Peyton Royce & Billie Kay and Jimmy Uso vs. SmackDown Tag Team Champion Rowan. There will also be a MizTV segment with The Miz and Daniel Bryan plus a Backlash contract signing with Charlotte Flair and SmackDown Women's Champion Carmella.
205 Live will feature a Gauntlet Match to determine the Greatest Royal Rumble opponent for WWE Cruiserweight Champion Cedric Alexander. Drew Gulak, Mustafa Ali and Tony Nese have been confirmed for that match.
WWE is focusing on the following points for tonight's SmackDown:
* Daniel Bryan to appear on "Miz TV"
* Jimmy Uso takes on Rowan of The Bludgeon Brothers
* Charlotte Flair and Carmella sign the contract for their SmackDown Women's Title rematch at WWE Backlash
* Asuka to make SmackDown LIVE in-ring debut tonight in tag bout with Becky Lynch against The IIconics
Stick with us throughout the day for updates on tonight's shows and join us for live coverage at 8pm EST.
It's been two months since Paul Goldsmith filled Steven Joyce's shoes as Science and Innovation Minister. Science reporter Jamie Morton spoke with him about the state of the sector and some of our scientists' big concerns.
Do you have any background or interest in science or is this a clean slate?
Well, what have you got?
I always loved the sciences at school and enjoyed it, and it's one of the frustrations of life that you can't do everything.
I can remember my best subject being chemistry but I ended up doing history because I loved that slightly more.
So I've always been interested in science and, in fact, my dream job as a young boy was to be a nature documentary cameraman.
That was what I always wanted to be, but somehow I didn't achieve that.
But back in the 1990s, I spent three years working with Simon Upton who was the minister of science under Jim Bolger and Jenny Shipley, and I was his speechwriter and press secretary, so I had three years' exposure to the sector at the stage and enjoyed it a lot.
What are the issues in science that you're personally interested in?
We talk a lot about the importance of a strong science sector, and [research and development] sector more broadly, to strengthen the economy, and that's very important.
Continued below.
Related Content Road rage driver's lawyer pleads for leniency as she has 'already been punished' on Twitter McDonald's retro playground for sale on Trade Me Wall goes up around America at miniature world in Germany
But science, more broadly, is about deepening our understanding of the world that we live in, our physical environment, but also the human condition; to solve our problems; and to contribute to the world.
There are some people who think we can just sit back and benefit from all the scientific advances around the world, but it's important that we contribute as well.
There are certain things that I think New Zealand should be striving to be world class at, and we are, in little pockets.
If you think of the fact that we have one of the largest [Exclusive Economic Zones] in the world, in terms of our oceans, then it makes sense that we have real genuine world expertise in that area.
We do in Niwa and I'm pretty determined that we continue to build on that and strengthen that and likewise in environment and in geological things.
We live in a place with earthquakes and volcanoes and we have an economy based on pastoral industries, so I'm [also] pretty determined that we build on our real strengths in those areas.
What will be your relationship be with the Prime Minister's chief science advisor, Professor Sir Peter Gluckman?
Well, a good close working relationship.
I've already had several conversations with him.
I've known him for many years, independently, and he's a very good man and a very high-quality scientist and a broad thinker.
So I'm very fortunate to have a wide range of advice coming in from the MBIE [Ministry of Business, Innovation and Employment] as the lead government agency, but also from Sir Peter, and also from the many, many people involved in the Crown research institutes and universities.
But it will be a close relationship.
Do you think R&D is growing at a fast enough rate, and do you identify with the philosophy of your predecessor, Steven Joyce, that it drives the economy?
Like I say, investment in R&D is absolutely an important part of building a more productive and competitive economy, which is the broader goal that we have.
It's not the only thing, of course. Investment, more generally, is fundamental.
But certainly, over time, lifting the research intensity of our economy into higher value products is a good thing, and certainly, that's why the Government has substantially increased its investment in R&D to nearly $1.3 billion a year, this year, and we are aiming to get to $1.6 billion by 2020.
So, yes, we think it's important.
But the rate that it's growing ... you're happy with that?
Yes.
As science minister I'll be advocating for more, as you'd expect, but I'm conscious of the fact that we have to maintain fiscal discipline generally, across the board, and the Budget process is pretty robust.
But I'll certainly be fighting for science on the caucus side.
Do you have any personal ambitions for the National Science Challenges?
We've set them up and they're working away on their various questions that they're trying to resolve, such as ageing well, or our land and water.
So my main task over the next few months will be to get around the researchers involved in them and really make sure that they are getting on with it and that there is a clear path towards achieving to what we set out to achieve.
You've got no plans to tinker with any of them?
No. I think it's important that we have a stable area where everybody knows what they're doing and they can just get on with it.
What are your thoughts on the pressures researchers face to get funding, where they may have to accept commercial funds and potentially embroil themselves in conflicts of interest?
It's a bit of a false either/or description that you're saying there.
I think it's important ... for some areas to be focused on independent, long-running deep science.
That's an area that's particularly funded by the Marsden Fund and goes on in universities and is part of the long-term funding arrangements that we have with Crown research institutes [CRIs].
But it's also very important for other parts of the science sector and the broader science sector to be engaged with the business community and with industry generally.
And it's not just industry that commissions science, it's quite often government departments and local councils ... a whole lot of things.
The fundamental underpinning of our science strategy is the twin pillars, I suppose, of excellence on the one hand, and relevance on the other.
But if CRI scientists are having to go to companies or commercial sources to get funding, you don't see that as particularly a bad thing?
No, no indeed.
But I could throw a statistic at you, actually: Between 1996 and 2013, academic-published papers in New Zealand written in collaboration with industry were cited more than twice as much on average as those that were not.
But, I mean, that's one example. It can be a positive thing and it is fundamentally something that we are encouraging.
The point is that the science sector is broad and there will be some who will be much more focused on responding to the needs of particular industries, and there will be others that will be taking a slightly longer view, looking at some of the long-term problems that we've got to deal with.
Do you think the "critic and conscience" role that university researchers have should extend to CRI scientists? And do you think CRI scientists should have a role just as open in talking directly to the public?
I've got no current plans to make a change to the "critic and conscience" role in relation to CRIs, that's a university thing and appropriate for the universities.
Obviously the sciences absolutely have a role to play in communicating with the general public in a sensible way and that's an important function that they have.
CRIs, which are institutions that have got a range of relationships with a range of organisations, including the Government, they have their processes and as minister I haven't gone into the detail about that.
But it's important for all New Zealanders that we have access to fact-based research.
We're seeing the New Zealand Association of Scientists preparing to march in April over threats they see being posed by the new US Administration. Do you share any of their concerns about what the Trump presidency means for scientists and their ability to research and communicate independently?
I haven't seen the details of what the people organising that event has said and, no, I don't want to comment on President Trump's view on science.
Certainly, New Zealand has extensive research links with the United States and we will do everything we possibly can to deepen those relationships and make sure we can produce high-quality science and there is a lot going on.
But the only point I'd make is that research and quality science is the absolute bedrock of an informed, fact-based and reflective society.
That's what we want to live in and that's what we are focused on.
Do you have any thoughts on Callaghan Innovation and its current performance?
Yes, it's very important that Callaghan does well.
There's been a new CEO appointed last week, Victoria Crone, and certainly I will be pretty clear in my views to the board of Callaghan that we've got high expectations for the organisation.
It's a relatively young organisation that is put together of different parts.
There is linking the New Zealand business community and the research community, that's one role; the second is the administration of all the grants; and the third one is in its own research and high-value manufacturing, and I'm determined that they do each of those three things very well.
I think there are some areas where it's going well and there are other areas where they can improve.
So that's where we'll be working closely with the board over the next few months.
Where are things at with the fund to bring international scientists to NZ, what are your aspirations for this fund?
This is the Entrepreneurial Universities initiative; the aim is to attract entrepreneurial scientists to our country and then bring along a research group.
There'll be some who might be interested in New Zealand; in a topsy-turvy world that we live in, New Zealand might seem like an attractive proposition to some.
So, anyway, the application period closes in mid-March and people are putting their feelers out and coming in.
So we are hopeful that process will be productive.
- NZ Herald
Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola is watching Atletico Madrid brothers Lucas and Theo Hernandez, and plans for a £40m summer raid for the pair. The Catalan coach is a huge admirer of the defensive duo, and has been keeping tabs on them over the past six-months. (The Sun)
Tottenham have been told they will have to fork out £5m to sign on-loan Espanyol goalkeeper Pau Lopez on a permanent basis. (Daily Mirror)
Spurs are tracking Manchester United's French forward Anthony Martial and could offer him an escape from Old Trafford in the summer. (Daily Mirror)
Huddersfield forward Elias Kachunga is being watched by Everton, Watford and Middlesbrough ahead of a potential summer switch. (Daily Mirror)
Monaco right-back Fabinho has been in talks with Arsenal, Barcelona and both Manchester clubs, according to his father. (Sky Sports)
Manchester United stopped Marcus Rashford from going out on loan in January. West Ham and Sevilla wanted the sign the talented youngster, but the Red Devils rejected both offers. (The Times)
Inter Milan's new Chinese owners are ready to offer Chelsea boss Antonio Conte a £13m-a-year salary and a £350m transfer kitty to rebuild the Italian giants. (Daily Mirror)
Liverpool are lining up a £20million bid for Bayer Leverkusen winger Julian Brandt. (Liverpool Echo)
Antoine Griezmann's image advisor Sebastien Bellencontre says a move to Manchester United would be “ideal”. (So Foot)
West Ham target Nikola Kalinic could leave Fiorentina for Chinese Super League Tianjin Quanjian in the summer. (La Nazione)
Man United goalkeeper David de Gea is reportedly set to go from £200,000-a-week to £300,000-a-week after politely asking for a pay-rise, reminding his bosses that Spanish giants Real Madrid are still sniffing about. (The Guardian)
Downfall of Toshiba, a nuclear industry titan
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Delivering unique, high-quality products and services is no guarantee of success in this global and digital economy. Established enterprises vie with new digital startups in markets that demand greater innovation and quality at a lower cost. Organizations must be flexible to exploit the rapid development of new products in response to constant technological change. They must stay ahead while managing risk and cost. They must balance modernization with the preservation of mission-critical resources.
When it comes to mainframe systems, the decision to remain competitive is easier said than done. For example, the proprietary nature of Unisys mainframes makes them incompatible with current software applications that could increase agility, productivity and profitability. This incompatibility leads to a dilemma: “Do we continue to write applications for the existing mainframe or move to an open systems or cloud architecture?” Any decision to change the mainframe can run into several roadblocks such as:
Staffing : The age and complexity of many mainframe systems often require time and expertise is not available through current staffing.
: The age and complexity of many mainframe systems often require time and expertise is not available through current staffing. Risk : Organizations cannot afford the loss of legacy data, the degradation of mission-critical applications or the interruption of profitable services.
: Organizations cannot afford the loss of legacy data, the degradation of mission-critical applications or the interruption of profitable services. Economy: The cost of writing new applications or purchasing licenses often exceeds the immediate cost of preserving current system architecture.
Nevertheless, internal and external changes continue to drive the urgency for change. Business partners, unencumbered by legacy infrastructure, may implement systems that are incompatible with the legacy architecture. Groups within an organization may require business intelligence unavailable through the current database design. Customers switch to organizations that can provide enhanced services at lower cost. The time for change has arrived, but any solution must pass an acid test to meet the criteria for success and added value.
The Criteria for Success
Any attempt to move from an old mainframe to a new system or the cloud requires consensus building and executive buy-in since nearly all of the internal groups will either reap the benefits or live with the consequences. Therefore, it is important to define in advance what a successful solution will look like and how it will perform. In my view, a successful solution meets the following criteria:
Stable : The solution supports millions of queries and operations during peak business hours without stalling or crashing.
: The solution supports millions of queries and operations during peak business hours without stalling or crashing. Affordable : The solution's value exceeds its implementation and maintenance costs; it costs less than maintaining the current mainframe system.
: The solution's value exceeds its implementation and maintenance costs; it costs less than maintaining the current mainframe system. Flexible : The solution supports current applications and provides adaptable technology that anticipates future updates.
: The solution supports current applications and provides adaptable technology that anticipates future updates. Powerful : The solution works at lightning speed and increases the ability to exploit valuable data.
: The solution works at lightning speed and increases the ability to exploit valuable data. Efficient : The solution provider engages and disengages quickly while keeping costs low and ensuring success.
: The solution provider engages and disengages quickly while keeping costs low and ensuring success. Standardized : The solution and its implementation are compliant with the industry's best practices and compatible with internal and external clients.
: The solution and its implementation are compliant with the industry's best practices and compatible with internal and external clients. Intuitive: The solution provides the convenience of modernization without sacrificing well-known business models, interfaces and rules.
Few organizations can meet these criteria without outside help. Legacy modernization projects require a unique combination of expertise, experience and technology that is not easy to find in today's market.
As you look for consultants and service providers, make sure they have completed engagements that include:
Modernization of existing legacy applications without the cost of rewriting them
Automated migration and renovation that reduce time to market
Integration of legacy applications with open systems and cloud technologies
User-friendly interfaces that simplify training needs
Cross-platform standardization and consolidation
The intricacy of moving from a mainframe to an open system or cloud environment requires a systematic approach, using proven processes and tools that have been consistently successful over time. My recommendation is not to try to do it alone. Finding the right outside partners to help in the journey is often the key to success.
Craig Marble is the senior director of Astadia's legacy modernization practice. Craig has spent over twenty five years in the information technology industry, most of which has been focused on legacy modernization projects. For more information about Astadia, visit http://www.astadia.com and follow Astadia at @AstadiaInc, Facebook/AstadiaInc and LinkedIn/Astadia. For more on legacy modernization, visit www.astadia.com/insights/. IT Pro occasionally runs guest pieces from industry experts. Read more about contributing here.
Bob Fisher
DES MOINES, Iowa (AP) – The governor has appointed a law professor with experience in child protection and family law to lead the troubled Iowa Department of Human Services.
Gov. Kim Reynolds said in a news release Wednesday that 64-year-old Jerry Foxhoven will begin work Thursday as the department director. He replaces Charles Palmer, who announced his retirement last month.
The department has been scrutinized for months over its handling of child abuse cases, particularly cases involving the deaths of two teenage girls. The department also has been criticized for privatizing the state's Medicaid health care program for the poor and disabled.
Foxhoven has been an administrator for the Iowa Child Advocacy Board and director of the Joan & Lyle Middleton Center for Children's Rights. He's been a Drake University Law School professor since 2006.
Rangers chairman Dave King faces possible contempt of court proceedings after failing to comply with a Takeover Panel order.
A document released by the independent body indicates that papers were served on King last month.
The South African-based businessman has so far failed to launch a compliant offer for the remainder of the club's shares, after the Takeover Panel ruled he had acted in concert with other investors ahead of boardroom regime change in March 2015.
The chairman of the Takeover Panel hearings committee, Michael Crane QC, rejected King's request to convene a hearing to review a decision to refuse to grant him more time to produce proof of funds.
Rangers' biggest shareholder has previously claimed his offer had been delayed amid difficulties in securing clearance from the South African authorities to move money needed to underwrite his £10.75million bid to the United Kingdom.
The decision states: “In the event, process in the contempt proceedings appears to have been served on Mr King in South Africa on 8 June 2018.
“This seems to have prompted Mr King's request of 11 June 2018 to have the committee convened for a review of the Executive's refusal to grant an extension of time.
“In the meantime, Mr King had produced no evidence to show that he had instructed Investec to seek the necessary exchange control consents or to confirm its willingness to receive the consideration monies into a UK account with a view to giving the requisite cash confirmation.
“It is noteworthy that, in his submissions of 18 June 2018 Mr King does not maintain that he has now instructed Investec to do this.”
King earlier lost two challenges to the panel's order in the Court of Session in Edinburgh.
Meanwhile, Bruno Alves appears to be edging towards a Rangers exit after reports in Italy claimed he had arrived at Serie A newcomers Parma for a medical.
The 36-year-old Portugal defender made 25 appearances for Rangers after joining from Cagliari.
Fior Markets Publish a New Market Research Report On – “ 3D Cell Culture Scaffold Market 2017 Global Analysis and Forecast to 2022”. The Report Covers Industry Trends, Statistic, Segmentation, Growth, Market Share, Revenue, Leading Players, Region, Types and Application.
Download Free Sample report @ https://www.fiormarkets.com/report-detail/143380/request-sample
3D Cell Culture Scaffold market report issues the latest industry data and future trends permitting you to discern the products and end users driving Revenue growth and benefits. The industry report lists the leading competitors and provides the insights strategic industry Analysis of the key factors influencing the market.
The report includes the forecasts, analysis and discussion of important industry trends, market size, market share estimates and profiles of the leading industry Players.
Backed by extensive primary and secondary research, the report Global 3D Cell Culture Scaffold Industry delivers valuable market insights. The report has been prepared using inputs from industry experts and features valuable recommendations from senior analysts. The report offers a comprehensive overview of the Global 3D Cell Culture Scaffold industry.
The reports include market drivers, restraints, challenges, opportunities, investment potential, leading technologies, future roadmap, player profile, regulatory ecosystem, and strategies. The report also delivers market size forecasts for 3D Cell Culture Scaffold Industry. The forecasts are further mentioned for the top segment of the 3D Cell Culture Scaffold market. This report comes with several charts, graphs, and graphics to make it an interesting read.
Access full report @ https://www.fiormarkets.com/report/global-3d-cell-culture-scaffold-market-professional-survey-143380.html
The report is divided into product segment analysis, application segment analysis and regional segment analysis. Geographically, the global 3D Cell Culture Scaffold market is designed for the following regional markets:
The industry research is disperse over the world which includes 3D Cell Culture Scaffold market in the USA, Europe, Japan, China, India and South East Asia.
This report includes industry definitions and types, regions, 3D Cell Culture Scaffold industry analysis like industry revenue, growth rate and price analysis, market share by players and regions, supply chain analysis, various company profiles, globalization and trade inclusive of business locations, supply channels, marketing strategy and barriers to entry, Import, Export, Consumption and Consumption Value by Major Countries.
Thus, the research study provides a comprehensive view of the global 3D Cell Culture Scaffold market, offering market dimensions and evaluations for the period from 2017 to 2022, keeping in mind the aforementioned factors.
Local stars Steven Ward, Marco McCullough and Lewis Crocker have been added to the Carl Frampton bill at Windsor Park on August 18.
On the night Frampton will defense his Interim WBO World Featherweight Title against Australian Luke Jackson.
Paddy Barnes will fight for the WBC Flyweight World title as he takes on Chrisofer Rosales.
Heavweight Tyson Fury will also feature on the card as he makes his continues his comeback after a ban.
Ward will face Steve Collins jnr in a cruiserweight clash, while Luke Keeler will also fight on the night.
Promoter Frank Warren said: ‘I'm delighted that further Irish talent has been added to this already bumper card.
“The Ward versus Collins Jr showdown is set to be a great fight for the fans on a card that already boasts Frampton against Jackson,
“The Lineal World Heavyweight Champion Tyson Fury and Paddy Barnes' World Title challenges against Cristofer Rosales.
“I've been very impressed so far with Lewis Crocker who looks to have a great future and in my experience of promoting cards where Marco McCullough and Luke Keeler have featured, they are always in entertaining fights.
“This is set to be the biggest night of boxing to ever take place in Belfast and we can't wait to watch it all unfold amongst what I'm sure will be a fantastic atmosphere and a full house at Windsor Park.”
Limited remaining tickets are available from www.ticketmaster.ie. priced at £80, £100, £120, £150, £250, £400 (includes hospitality).
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Three more men have been arrested in connection to the violent clashes between white supremacists and counter-protesters in Charlottesville.
The Virginia State Police announced late Saturday that Troy Dunigan, a 21-year-old from Chattanooga, Tennessee, was charged with disorderly conduct; Jacob L. Smith, a 21-year-old from Louisa, Virginia, was charged with assault and battery; and James M. O'Brien, 44, of Gainesville, Florida, was charged with carrying a concealed handgun.
Three people died during the violent day in Charlottesville.
A 32-year-old woman was killed when a car plowed into a crowd of protesters. The driver, James Alex Fields Jr., a 20-year-old from Ohio, was charged with second-degree murder.
Two state police troopers were killed when their helicopter crashed in the woods on the outskirts of town.
___
11:10 p.m.
U.S. officials have opened a civil rights investigation into the circumstances of the deadly car attack that took place amid clashes of white nationalists and counter-demonstrators in Charlottesville, Virginia.
The investigation was announced late Saturday by officials of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Western District of Virginia and the Richmond field office of the FBI.
In a statement, Attorney General Jeff Sessions says U.S. Attorney Rick Mountcastle has begun the investigation and will have the full support of the Justice Department.
Sessions says, “The violence and deaths in Charlottesville strike at the heart of American law and justice.”
He adds, “When such actions arise from racial bigotry and hatred, they betray our core values and cannot be tolerated.”
You don't really need a new smartphone.
Sure, some of them squeeze more screen into a smaller form. The cameras keep getting better, if you look very close. And you had to live under a rock to miss the hoopla for Apple's tenth-anniversary iPhone X or the Samsung Galaxy S8.
Many in the smartphone business were sure this latest crop would bring a "super cycle" of upgrades. But here's the reality: More and more of consumers have decided we don't need to upgrade every year. Or every other year. We're no longer locked into two-year contracts and phones are way sturdier than they used to be. And the new stuff just isn't that tantalising even to me, a professional gadget guy.
Holding onto our phones is better for our budgets, not to mention the environment. This just means we - and phone makers - need to start thinking of them more like cars.
Advertisement
We may have reached peak smartphone. Global shipments slipped 0.1 per cent in 2017-the first ever decline, according to research firm IDC. In the US, smartphone shipments grew just 1.6 per cent, the smallest increase ever.
Back in 2015, Americans replaced their phones after 23.6 months, on average, according to research firm Kantar Worldpanel. By the end of 2017, we were holding onto them for 25.3 months.
"Are smartphones across the board valuable longer to people? The answer is definitely yes," Gartner analyst Brian Blau told me. "Are the device devices sufficient to take care of people's needs today? Pretty much."
On Thursday, Apple reported its first-ever holiday quarter decline in unit sales of iPhones. It was just a dip, from 78.3 million to 77.3 million phones. These results could reflect Apple had one fewer week-13 vs. 14-this year to market its newest models. Regardless, Apple's results communicated that the "super cycle" of phone upgrades isn't exactly going super.
Apple CEO Tim Cook, in his call with stock analysts on Thursday, said Apple doesn't "overly fixate" on how long people go between new smartphone purchases. "We're thrilled with the reception of iPhone X," he said.
One major driver of the change in our behavior is that phones now mostly look alike. "Consumers say, I will buy when I see something new or hear something I need," Ryan Reith, a vice president at IDC said. Many of the biggest recent advancements, like augmented reality, have come largely through software. The iPhone X uses cameras in new ways to recognize its owner and environment - but it's going to take time to see more interesting uses.
A longer phone life cycle is also a compliment to Apple and Samsung, even if some investors don't love it. It's a sign that their products are reliable and less susceptible to wear and tear. Adding water resistance to the iPhone 7 and Galaxy S7 helped a lot with that.
Slowing upgrade cycles don't necessarily spell doom for Apple or Samsung, either. For one, they're now charging more, like US$1,000 and up for the iPhone X. (It's why Apple's iPhone dollar sales figures still went up in its earnings report.) They're now selling us accessories like Samsung's Gear VR and Apple's HomePod, as well as services like Apple Music that we'll pay for over time.
Still, owners of phones that live longer are going to have some new needs. In December, Apple created a rush of demand for iPhone battery replacements by admitting its software was slowing down phones with worn-out batteries. It atoned by offering discounted battery replacements to everyone, and it has been so overwhelmed that many of its stores are booked up for months.
That shows how many of us would rather repair our existing phones than buy new ones. One analyst said the discounted battery replacements would cost Apple $10 billion in lost sales.
When I went into the Apple Store to replace the battery on my iPhone 6, the Genius Bar offered to give my entire phone a "tune up." At first I thought this was odd - what were they, Jiffy Lube?
Actually, yes. Like cars, phones will need both hardware and software service when we hold onto them longer. Samsung is getting into the game, too, including experimenting with service trucks.
Phone makers will have to think about designing software updates to support older phones longer. Will iOS 12, expected this fall, give the iPhone 5S the boot? That would cause tension as Apple and Google alike both want to develop features that turn phones into full-fledged computers, but require faster processors in newer models to do it.
There's likely a limit to how long we'll hold onto our phones. "I don't see a replacement cycle getting longer than three years," Carolina Milanesi, a consumer tech analyst at the firm Creative Strategies, told me.
People holding onto phones longer could make the industry look a lot more like laptops and PCs. But don't count out desire, Milanesi said. People still upgrade phones as projection of their personality or because they must have the latest whiz-bang tech.
Biju Nir, CEO of HYLA Mobile, which helps the industry collect and repurpose used phones, thinks the replacement cycle will pick up again because of the "FOMO factor." There's still a fear of missing out on new innovations, new experiences and new business models from phone makers and network operators, he said. (His firm's latest data shows the average retiring phone in 2017 had been in use 78 days longer than the year before - now up to a total of 2.59 years.)
I'm prepared to be wowed by a future phone upgrade. A major leap in battery performance would be at the top of most people's most-wanted lists, but there are many scientific hurdles to conquer. The next big upgrade moment, in a few years, will likely be for phones capable of 5G service, which brings you mobile data on steroids.
Smartphones will likely hum along for years like laptops have done with the rise of smartphones and tablets. And then someday there will be a totally new technology that will capture our dollars.
JERUSALEM (AP) — The Israeli military says it has struck Hamas military positions in the Gaza Strip after Palestinian militants fired a rocket toward southern Israel.
Israeli planes and tanks shelled the Palestinian territory on Monday after the rocket strike, in what was the latest in a series of cross-border exchanges that have left at least four Palestinians dead. No injuries were reported Monday.
Monday's strikes came a day after Israel said it destroyed a tunnel built by Hamas that ran several hundred meters (yards) into Israeli territory. Hamas threatened Israel with a "heavy price" for demolishing the tunnel.
Palestinians and Israeli forces have clashed across the West Bank and along the Gaza border following President Donald Trump's recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital.
By Robyn Collins
Miley Cyrus brought out a very special guest for her performance on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon last night (Oct. 5) It was none other than her dad, Billy Ray Cyrus.
Related: Miley Cyrus Impersonates Dolly Parton
The daughter-dad pair teamed up for a cover of Tom Petty's “Wildflowers.” The fiddle and family harmonies gave the folk-rock tune more of a country feel. Dressed in a light pink feminine strapless dress, Miley sang with passion and sensitivity, leaving a lump in the throats of Petty's fans, who lost the legendary rocker October 2 after he suffered a heart attack.
Watch the performance below.
By Abby Hassler
Kiss frontman Gene Simmons is trying to trademark the “devil horns” rock hand gesture. The bassist filed an application with the US Patent and Trademark Office last Friday (June 9), according to The Hollywood Reporter.
Related: Gene Simmons Pays Tribute to Chuck Berry at Public Memorial Service
In the documentation, Simmons claims he first made the gesture popular during the band's Hotter Than Hell tour in 1974. The rocker wrote he wants to register the hand gesture for “entertainment, namely, live performances by a musical artist; personal appearances by a musical artist.”
Whether or not he is granted the trademark, fans might love that Simmons even included a drawing in his application.
Dozens of accident and emergency units are facing closure or being downgraded in a far-reaching overhaul of urgent care which senior doctors warn would have “disastrous” consequences for the NHS.
An analysis of documents drawn up to remodel the health service in England shows that 24 casualty units from Durham to Somerset have been marked for potential closure despite record demand for A&Es and serious overcrowding across the country as the NHS goes through its most severe winter crisis since records began.
Last month produced the worst performance for A&E waits in 13 years.
Research based on 44 regional blueprints by the Johnston Press Investigation Unit reveals that managers are planning to cater for up to 30 per cent fewer A&E visits and plans have already been advanced to downgrade units to urgent care centres (UCC) with fewer specialist or consultant-grade staff.
A&E units at risk
Active plans for closure or downgrade
:: Alexandra Hospital, Redditch
:: Dewsbury and District Hospital
:: Ealing Hospital, west London
:: King George Hospital, east London
:: Poole Hospital, Dorset
:: City Hospital, Birmingham *
:: Sandwell District General Hospital *
* Replaced by unit at new Midland Metropolitan Hospital in 2018
Facing closure or downgrade in STP documents (no firm proposal yet made) **
:: George Eliot Hospital, Nuneaton, Warwickshire
:: Queens Hospital, Burton-on-Trent, Staffordshire
:: Broomfield Hospital, Chelmsford, Essex
:: Southend University Hospital, Essex
:: County Hospital, Stafford
:: Horton General Hospital, Oxfordshire
:: Milton Keynes University Hospital, Buckinghamshire
:: Bedford Hospital, Bedfordshire
:: Epsom Hospital, Surrey
:: St Helier Hospital, Surrey
:: Kingston Hospital, west London
:: Royal Shrewsbury Hospital, Shrewsbury
:: Princess Royal Hospital, Shropshire
:: Huddersfield Royal Infirmary, West Yorkshire
:: Darlington Memorial, Durham
:: University Hospital of North Tees, Stockton-on-Tees
:: Macclesfield General Hospital, Cheshire
:: Scarborough General Hospital, North Yorkshire
:: Southport District General Hospital, Merseyside
:: Charing Cross Hospital, west London
:: Chorley and South Ribble Hospital, Lancashire
:: Grantham Hospital, Lincolnshire
:: Warrington Hospital, Cheshire
:: Weston General Hospital, Somerset
:: Tameside General Hospital, Greater Manchester
:: Fairfield General Hospital, Bury, Greater Manchester
** According to STPs in several areas, neighbouring units will go “head to head” to decide which should remain a full A&E and which will face closure or downgrade.
More on the NHS Crisis:
See the full list of the 24 A&E units marked for closure.
See the full list of the 19 hospitals facing closure.
See the great nhs gamble what we have investigated and why.
The broadcaster and Judy Murray share their Strictly views ahead of the festive special.
Former Strictly Come Dancing hopeful Jeremy Vine has called for a ban on the expression “dad dancing” as it discourages men from hitting the dance floor.
The TV and radio presenter, who took part in the show with professional partner Karen Clifton in 2015, will put his dancing shoes on again for this year's festive special of the hit BBC One dance contest.
Recalling his experience as a dancing amateur, the 52-year-old told Radio Times magazine: “The people who've never danced a step get the shock of their lives when they realise that some of the other celebs are trained dancers.
“I'd like to make the expression ‘dad dancing' illegal. It puts men off getting on the dance floor. They think it's not a manly activity.”
Judy Murray, 58, also returning for the programme after becoming a fan- favourite contestant in the 2014 series, agreed.
“It must make you self-conscious.
“There is still this old-fashioned idea that men do sports, and women do dancing. That's why I'd love to see more sports people on the show.”
Offering up her own sons, tennis stars Jamie and Andy Murray, she continued: “You'd have more chance of persuading Jamie than Andy. I'd love to see Jessica Ennis-Hill do it. And maybe John Bercow or Jeremy Paxman.”
Asked who he would like to see on future series, Vine suggested footballers Peter Crouch and David Beckham, or newsreaders Huw Edwards and Emily Maitlis.
However, he hinted at the effects the show can have on the professional reputation of politicians, following the performance of former shadow chancellor Ed Balls last year.
“He was a revelation,” Vine said. “But it troubles me that 15% of what we know about Ed is from his time in politics and the other 85% is from Strictly.”
He admitted that watching himself dance on screen is another thing he finds troubling, confessing that he has so far “resisted” watching his Strictly dances, but will gather with his family to watch the Christmas show.
Murray, on the other hand, joked: “It makes me laugh how bad I am. I know that when we watch the Christmas special my mum will say ‘Oh, you're terrible, dear'. When I told her I was doing the show she said ‘Couldn't they find somebody better?'”
Radio Times out now (Radio Times/PA)
But after training hard to re-learn the fast-paced Charleston, she warned that show judge Craig Revel Horwood had “better give” her a higher score than his previous three out of 10.
:: Radio Times is out now.
© Press Association 2017
Why Buhari did not go to Nigerian hospital for treatment – Health Minister
The Minister of Health, Prof. Isaac Adewole, has once again explained why President Muhammadu Buhari traveled overseas for treatment.
Adewole said the President opted for foreign treatment following the advice by his doctors.
The minister made this clarification while speaking with newsmen on the sidelines of the inauguration of Central Pharmacy Store and Maternity Building at the Obafemi Awolowo University Teaching Hospital Complex , Ile Ife.
The decision by President Buhari to travel abroad for treatment has been greeted with nationwide criticisms.
Many faulted the President who has been advising citizens to patronize Nigerian products for ignoring local hospitals for a London hospital.
Reacting, however, Adewale said the President only followed the instruction of his personal doctors.
According to him, “I won't describe it as a large volume but we still have people travelling abroad.
“One, it is a matter of choice and secondly, there is what is called bonding between a doctor and his patient irrespective of where the doctor is and that creates a problem, the patient may not want to see a new doctor.
“If a patient is seeing a particular doctor and that doctor is not around he may likely wait. You don't want to be examined by a new doctor, you don't want to start all over again. It is one of the reasons and you can't take it away.
Adewole said, “The President is the best person to speak on this, he is our leader but also a private citizen. He is entitled to making a choice which will be influenced largely by the advice of his doctor.”
Graduation took place for many Montague County seniors this past weekend with special ceremonies and family celebration. Thank you to all those who sent in their photos on our Facebook page. See many more photos in the mid-week News.
Gold-Burg seniors will graduate at 2 p.m. ceremonies on June 2, wrapping up the county commencement schedule.
Purchasing a vineyard or a winery requires a significant amount of capital. To help farmers with this, Farm Mortgage Loan offers a unique and effective loan program to prospective vineyard owners.
[LEHI, 04/24/2018] – Farmers who are looking to expand their land or are looking for assistance with the everyday operations of their existing property can now turn to Farm Mortgage Loan for a Vineyard Loan.
Vineyards and wineries require vast tracts of land and specialized equipment to collect and process the grapes. While acquiring these may be expensive, Farm Mortgage Loan makes it easier for farmers by providing a financing option that is both practical and comprehensive.
Land for Vineyards and Wineries
Prior to purchasing any land for viticulture (wine and vineyard activities), it's important to first decide what exactly the land will be used for. Vineyards don't necessarily have to include the wine making facility itself on the same parcel of land. The lands of a vineyard should be maximized for the sole purpose of growing grapes, along with any storage facilities if needed.
Wineries, on the other hand, also require facilities for wine-making. This will require extra tracts of land, bumping up the price that a prospective buyer will be paying.
With the average price of arable land for viticulture reaching up to $350,000, it can be difficult to secure the funds needed for purchase.
Farm Mortgage Loan
To make the purchase of viticulture land easier, Farm Mortgage Loan offers Vineyard loans, a specialized credit program that connects potential vineyard or winery owners with the right agricultural financing option.
One of the benefits of the Vineyard loan of Farm Mortgage Loans is that it has no acreage limit, meaning potential owners can secure loans no matter the size of their property. As an institution that is focused on providing farmers, vineyard owners, and winery operators with the best financial option, Farm Mortgage Loan will help their clients secure the most flexible and competitive rates.
About Farm Mortgage Loans
Farm Mortgage Loan has over 50 years of experience with financing agricultural loans for farmers and vineyard owners across America. Their team of financial and agricultural experts takes the time to review each client's unique needs and creates an individualized loan option. To learn more about their services, visit their website at https://farmmortgageloan.com.
From left, Dr Tan Monivann, vice president of the Cambodia Chamber of Commerce; Fiona Ramsey, head of cooperation at the EU delegation; Ngan Chamroeun, under secretary of state of the Ministry of Interior; and Soeung Saroeun, executive director of the Cooperation Committee for Cambodia at the launch of a project for strengthening civil society in Cambodia. Erin Handley
Government agrees to foster stronger civil society
A ministry of Interior official yesterday joined with representatives from the European Union, NGOs and the private sector to champion the “strengthening of civil society”, even as the government continues to jail and surveil human rights defenders.
The Cooperation Committee for Cambodia yesterday launched its $1.5 million “Strengthening civil society for democratic and sustainable development” project, which is jointly funded by the EU and the nonprofit Bread for the World.
The Interior Ministry's Ngan Chamroeun, who is also executive deputy head of the National Committee for Sub-National Democratic Development, spoke of the need for transparency in health and education at the local level, despite the national government being able to share “very little” funding.
Asked if government pressure – such as the Interior Ministry's “observation” of civil society groups, and imprisonment of four Adhoc human rights defenders and an election official – fostered an “enabling environment”, as the project aimed to do, Chamroeun demurred.
“Our information that we receive, we think that it is reliable information, [shows] there are some irregularities in the performance of some NGOs,” he said, referring to groups that focus on democracy and human rights.
“What we try to do is [work] for a change in the environment and building trust among these stakeholders.”Interior Ministry spokesman Khieu Sopheak yesterday confirmed the authorities were continuing to monitor rights groups Adhoc and Licadho.
“They must be neutral, and this is not a threat . . . A neutral organisation is an organisation that does not serve a political party or any group,” he said.
“Look at Adhoc, how many people have been in jail because of this [political scandal]? . . . And [Adhoc] shut the mouth of the witness, while the director has run away from the country,” he said, repeating allegations – long denied – that NGO workers bribed the purported mistress of opposition leader Kem Sokha.
Licadho's Naly Pilorge questioned whether the ministry really wanted to learn the importance of a vibrant civil society.
“In light of all the growing threats against land communities, political activists, youths, monks, NGOs and journalists, I am surprised an MOI representative took part in the launching of a long term project to strengthen civil society,” she said.
EU Ambassador George Edgar said CSOs can provide services, develop policy and “help provide a channel for the concerns of vulnerable groups whose voices might otherwise not be heard”.
“I hope that this will be one of the areas on which the project will engage,” he said.
Businesses in Munster have given their overwhelming support to the proposed €850 million M20 motorway between Cork and Limerick, according to a new survey which found near unanimous belief that it would enhance linkages between the two cities.
The survey of carried out by Red C Research for Cork Chamber and Limerick Chamber found that some 98 per cent of respondents said it would boost economic links between Cork and Limerick with 97 per cent predicting a reduction in traffic congestion and journey times between the two cities.
The survey took place in March with over 250 businesses from Ennis, Limerick Charleville, Mallow and Cork Chambers taking part. Limerick and Cork Chambers have also commissioned Indecon Economic Consultants to look at the benefits of a motorway.
According to the chambers, the motorway would create a seamless Atlantic corridor stretching from Cork to Limerick and up to Galway, which would stimulate the local economies as well as providing a strong complement to Dublin and improving competition there by relieving congestion.
Limerick Chamber chief executive officer James Ring said the survey clearly showed overwhelming support among business for the upgrade of the M20, which is essential to stimulate growth in both cities and areas between.
Cork chamber chief executive officer Conor Healy said the motorway is needed as a “natural complement to Dublin and as a fulcrum point for economic development all the way from Cork to Galway”. It will save time and increase opportunities for people in Munster with knock-on national benefits, he said.
Last week, Minister for Finance Michael Noonan suggested at the budgetary oversight committee that the Cork-Limerick motorway could be built as long as tolls are included as the State would not be able to carry the cost of the project on its own.
If the M20 could be shown to be able to generate income to service borrowings, the European Union's statistics agency Eurostat would allow it to be kept off the national balance sheet, said Mr Noonan.
Prior to the economic downturn, the National Roads Authority, now part of Transport Infrastructure Ireland, had looked at a number of routes depending on whether they went east or west of Mallow, Buttevant and Charleville in Co Cork, with all options going west of Croom in Co Limerick.
The selected route submitted for planning, east of Mallow and Buttevant but west of Charleville, would have required the compulsory purchase of 16 residences and a total of 905 hectares affecting 235 farms and approximately 247 other properties.
The motorway here would have involved the construction of 44 new road bridges, eight major river bridges, a number of smaller water crossings and two railway crossings, as well as 64km of local roads including national, regional, local and private-access roads.
The motorway would extend for about 80km from the junction with the proposed Cork northern ring road near Blarney outside Cork city to the junction with the N21 at Attyflynn in Co Limerick and it would cut the travel time between Attyflynn and Blarney from 61 minutes to 45 minutes.
KfW Ipex-Bank has structured debt finance for the 24MW Kosten wind farm in Argentina under development by Spanish outfit Grenergy Renovables.
The German bank arranged a 15-year export credit facility, which is guaranteed by Euler Hermes through 95% political and commercial insurance cover.
Kosten, which is located in the province of Chubut, is expected to be commissioned by the end of the second quarter of 2019.
It secured a 20-year power purchase agreement through the Argentinian government's Renovar programme.
Renovar awards long-term contracts for renewable generation to meet a 20% by 2025 clean power target.
Image: Pixabay
Index Markets Research provides statistical analysis on Global Phosphorous Trichloride Market provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition, applications and manufacturing technology. The report covers business strategists like major drivers, dynamics, share, segmentation, revenue forecasts, effective growth for the key players and facilitate better decision-making. The report offers the estimations of size of the market and analysis of the trend based on the pipeline of the Phosphorous Trichloride market. The Key Players mentioned in the report are Lanxess, BASF, Excel Industries, Solvay, Merck, Punjab Chemicals & Crop Protection, Punjab Chemicals & Crop Protection, Xuzhou JianPing Chemical, Lianyungang Dongjin Chemical. This report provides a competitive scenario, with a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this Phosphorous Trichloride Market.
Get a Sample Copy @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-phosphorous-trichloride-market/10368/#requestforsample
The report offers a crucial opinion relating to the global Phosphorous Trichloride market by discussing of its segmentation Commercial, Government, Personal. The sectors have been reviewed in terms of present as well as future trends. The analysis of geographical segmentation incorporates the estimated and present requirements from these regions. The study also offers the need associated to the different end-use sectors and separate goods in all of the geographical sectors of the market. The report also analyses the Phosphorous Trichloride market in terms of volume [k MT] and revenue [Million USD].
The Phosphorous Trichloride Market report gives detailed overview of terms and terminologies, applications, and classifications that are used in the context of market. It provides insights into the manufacturing cost structure and calculated as an aggregate of raw material costs, equipment costs, labor costs, and other costs. In terms of a technical consideration, the report discusses the production capacity of major manufacturers of Phosphorous Trichloride. This is estimated on circumstances such as the number of production plants, R&D status, raw material sources, and technology used by these manufacturers in 2018.
This report is segmented into several key Regions such as North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan & India, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), and market share and growth rate of Phosphorous Trichloride in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast).
On the basis of Product Type, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into : Colorless, Slightly Yellow.
On the basis on the end users/applications, Market report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate for each application, including : Paints, Pharmaceutical Synthesis, Additives for The Plastics, Lubrication Oils, Others.
Key Highlights Of The Phosphorous Trichloride Market Report:
1) A complete framework analysis, including an assessment of the parent market.
2) The study of emerging market segments and the existing market segments will help the readers in planning the business strategies.
3) Market Dynamics(Industry News, Development Challenges & Opportunities).
4) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
5) Historical, present, and prospective size of the market from the perspective of both value and volume.
6) Market shares and strategies of leading players.
7) Recommendations to companies to substantiate their foothold in the market.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-phosphorous-trichloride-market/10368/#inquiry
In the end, the report includes Phosphorous Trichloride new project SWOT analysis, investment practicalness analysis, investment come analysis, and Development Trend Analysis. The key rising opportunities of the fastest growing international Phosphorous Trichloride market segments are coated throughout this report. This report additionally presents product specification, producing method, and products cost structure. Production is separated by regions, technology and applications. The Phosphorous Trichloride industry data source, appendix, research findings and the conclusion.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
DENVER – A federal jury in Denver on Monday found that Taylor Swift was assaulted and battered by former Denver DJ David Mueller when he groped her at a photo-shoot ahead of a June 2013 concert, and found that Andrea Swift and Frank Bell did not interfere with Mueller's employment.
The jury also awarded Swift the $1 she had sought in her counterclaim in the suit. Mueller was awarded nothing because the jury found against him.
Taylor hugged her mother and attorneys after the verdict read, and her mother, Andrea, wept. Courtroom reporters said Mueller did not even glance at his attorneys as the verdict was read.
The jury's decision came on the sixth day of the trial involving Swift, her mother and manager, and the former DJ, David Mueller.
The judge in the case, William J. Martinez, on Friday removed all claims made by Mueller against Swift herself from the lawsuit, but one claim—that her mother and manager had influence Mueller's firing from KYGO—went forth to the jury.
Swift's counterclaim of assault and battery by Mueller also went to the jury.
Mueller originally sued Swift, alleging that she and her team falsely accused him of groping her at a photo shoot before a concert at Denver's Pepsi Center on June 2, 2013, which led to his wrongful firing by KYGO. He sought reimbursement for his firing, which he alleged was wrongfully done.
Swift filed a countercomplaint, alleging that Mueller touched her rear end inappropriately during the photo. She sought only $1 in damages for her counterclaim.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A severe ice warning has been issued for Walsall as freezing temperatures are set to plummet to even further.
After several inches of snow covered the town on Sunday, weather forecasters on Monday said temperatures would fall to a low of minus seven degrees centigrade.
A clear night was forecast by the Met Office with sunny spells throughout Tuesday. But with temperatures not rising above ZERO the snow and ice is set to remain over the next couple of days.
Temperatures could rise slightly by Wednesday and Thursday, with some rain being forecast before the end of the week.
Drivers are being warned to be aware of icy roads and pavements, and say travel disruption will continue.
WWE taped the following matches tonight in Columbus for this week's Main Event episode, courtesy of Chris Featherstone and @The_Tmac_Attack:
* Ariya Daivari and Tony Nese defeated Gran Metalik and Lince Dorado
Follow Marc Middleton on Twitter at @this_is_marc. Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
Anglo American Plc is set to boost metallurgical coal capacity at a mine complex in Australia by 25% as the business once destined for the chopping block turns into a cash machine for the century-old miner.
The company plans to increase processing capacity to 20-million metric tons a year from 16-million at a preparation plant that processes coal from the Moranbah and Grosvenor underground mines, Tyler Mitchelson, CEO of Anglo's metallurgical coal unit, said in an interview Tuesday. Project study is in the early stages and optimization of the existing facilities is expected to be completed over the next few years, according to Anglo.
Advertisement
“I don't anticipate making any material investment into the mining complex, it's more about getting improvements out of the assets,” said Mitchelson, who took on the role as metallurgical coal CEO in April. “We think we can get very significant value out of there and that's really our focus right now.”
Anglo's metallurgical coal division was the biggest earner for the producer in 2017, just two years after the unit -- along with its iron ore business -- was put up for sale as prices languished. A
Images: Readers share their stunning photos of the Port Hills fire
1 Newsreaders have sent in some incredible photos of the fire, which can be seen from almost every part of Christchurch.
Moments after Kim Jong-un became the first North Korean leader to cross into the south last month, he convinced his counterpart Moon Jae In to step back with him across the border.
The message? Things will only be done on Kim's terms.
That's becoming ever clearer in the run-up to Kim's planned meeting with US President Donald Trump in Singapore next month. The on-again, off-again summit remains in doubt as the US tries to figure out what it will take for Kim to trade away his nuclear arsenal.
Discerning the motives of Kim - a 30-something leader often lampooned in the West as an overweight madman with a funny haircut - will be key to understanding what kind of deal is possible.
Advertisement
Judging from his public statements and state-run media, at least two things appear evident: He wants a deal to ease sanctions, but he won't give up his nuclear weapons until he feels safe enough to retain power without them.
"The word that defines Kim Jong-un's current state is anxiety-fear for both his life and the security of his leadership," said Youngshik Bong, a researcher at Yonsei University's Institute for North Korean Studies in Seoul.
"He wants to be the leader of an ordinary country, but the justification of abandoning nuclear weapons and missiles in return for economic prosperity isn't guaranteed to be welcomed by the entire political elite," Bong said.
"Opponents will be quiet as long as there is a viable inflow of economic prosperity and a sudden improvement of living standards with the lifting of economic sanctions."
In many ways, the world is just getting to know Kim, presumed to be the third and youngest son of former dictator Kim Jong Il. Prior to his recent outreach, some of the only insight on his personality came from former NBA star Dennis Rodman-who said last year he's "always calm, he's always smiling, especially when he's with family."
His recent interactions with the outside world-including two meetings each with Chinese President Xi Jinping and South Korea's Moon-showed another side to the brutal dictator presumed to have killed his family members in a bid to consolidate power. He's proven to be a skillful diplomat who can use humour, humility and flattery to achieve his goals.
Denuclearization means many things to many people, but one thing is clear - a program that took decades to build cannot be dismantled overnight. We must understand this reality if talks are to move forward. https://t.co/cmXSzXbxm0 — William J. Perry (@SecDef19) May 30, 2018
In March, Kim made his first trip overseas, a secretive journey by train to meet Xi in Beijing-repairing ties with North Korea's largest trading partner. Xi told Kim that China had made a "strategic choice" to have friendly ties with North Korea, and they would "remain unchanged under any circumstances." The two leaders followed it up with another meeting in early May.
Kim's two summits with Moon have revealed even more about his personality. In April, when Kim walked into South Korea, both leaders declared "a new era of peace" and sought a formal end to the seven-decade-old Korean War.
On that day, Kim joked that Moon no longer needed to wake up in the middle of the night to deal with missile tests, and mentioned that North Korea's transportation system "is deficient and you might find it uncomfortable." He capped the day off with an address to reporters-the first time he has ever spoken live to the world.
Last weekend, Kim abruptly requested a meeting with Moon to discuss relations with the US. Afterward, Moon said that Kim was worried about whether he could trust the US to "guarantee the security of his regime after his denuclearisation."
The possibility of getting overthrown is a real worry for Kim. US National Security Adviser John Bolton amplified those concerns by calling on him to give up his nuclear weapons before getting sanctions relief while citing the case of Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi, who took that approach before he was murdered in an uprising.
North Korea's negotiator Kim Yong Chol is not a very nice man, writes David A. Andelman for @CNNOpinion https://t.co/FebV8dsy0b pic.twitter.com/bh1MxefGIv — CNN (@CNN) May 31, 2018
North Korean statements vilifying Bolton and Vice-President Mike Pence for referencing Libya prompted Trump last week to cancel the planned June 12 summit in Singapore. North Korea then flattered the US President the next day, saying the "Trump formula" might lead to a resolution. Trump has since indicated that the meeting may proceed as scheduled.
While Kim has said he's open to "complete denuclearisation," the definition of that remains unclear. He may demand the US remove troops from the Korean Peninsula or American nuclear assets from the region. Trump, for his part, has recently shown more flexibility on how denuclearisation would occur.
Kim has been worried about internal threats since he took power in 2011, purging many senior officials including his own uncle. Last year, he had his half-brother Kim Jong Nam killed with a chemical weapon at an airport in Malaysia, according to South Korean authorities, a move that removed one of his last remaining rivals for power in the bloodline.
At the same time, Kim accelerated his quest to obtain the capability to strike the US with a nuclear weapon, testing three intercontinental ballistic missiles capable of reaching the American mainland. Trump responded by tightening international sanctions and threatening to unleash "fire and fury" against his regime.
Just as talk picked up in Washington about a potential "bloody nose" military strike, Kim pulled back. He declared his nuclear programme complete and sought to engage with the world.
And now North Korea's Kim Yong Chol arrives - in a Cadillac! pic.twitter.com/cbciOPEHkK — Jim Sciutto (@jimsciutto) May 30, 2018
In a New Year speech, Kim promised that 2018 would be a turning point in improving for North Korea. He said the "life-threatening sanctions and blockade" had been hard on the country's 25 million people, whose neighbors in South Korea collectively earn 46 times more than them.
North Korea wasn't always an international outcast. It was once firmly part of the Soviet bloc, with luxurious embassies in Eastern Europe and frequent interaction with the international community. The country had a per capita gross national product equal to South Korea's as late as 1976.
Yet central planning took an increasing toll on the economy, along with the collapse of the Soviet Union. A famine killed millions in the 1990s-a time when Kim was off attending school in Switzerland. The United Nations first imposed sanctions on North Korea in 2006 for its nuclear push, and has tightened them ever since.
Once in power, Kim Jong-un moved away the doctrine of "songun," or military first, pushed by his father. He quickly adopted a new strategy of "byongjin," or simultaneously pursuing nuclear weapons and economic growth. He began to visit food processing plants and farms-he was even photographed hugging people, drawing a distinction from his father.
"It is the party's firm resolution that we won't force our people to tighten their belts again," Kim said in his first speech in April 2012.
North Korea won't give up nukes, offers hamburgers as a compromise https://t.co/PSO6VE7m2f pic.twitter.com/qfgAhUyNuN — Talking Points Memo (@TPM) May 30, 2018
Last month, Kim told a ruling party meeting that North Korea would suspend further tests of atomic weapons or long-range missiles and "concentrate all efforts of the whole party and country on the socialist economic construction." Posters would soon appear in Pyongyang exhorting the workers to "accelerate the advance of our revolution by channelling all efforts into socialist economic construction!"
"He has his nukes, now he needs economic assistance and development," said Ralph Cossa, president of Hawaii-based Pacific Forum. "That requires the lifting of sanctions. He also seeks legitimacy, and he is getting that."
Kim has done certain things to make himself more palatable to the global community. He's started wearing modern suits, brought his wife to public events and showed up at a South Korean pop concert in Pyongyang.
A meeting with Trump would go a long way to normalising both himself and his regime. Besides winning some sort of sanctions relief, he would also get the legitimacy that comes from a summit with a sitting US president-a photo opportunity craved by both his father and grandfather that shows North Korea is a country that commands respect from the world's most powerful nation.
"Kim Jong-un's top priority is regime survival and he views nuclear weapons as a guarantor of his regime, so he will not trade them away lightly, if at all," said Kelsey Davenport, director for nonproliferation policy at the Arms Control Association.
"With an established nuclear deterrent, Kim has little to lose and everything to gain by coming to the table now."
- Bloomberg
A hotel valet had a lucky escape today when the luxury sports car he was parking ended up underneath another parked car outside a Sydney hotel.
The valet drove the soft-top Porsche Carrera under a sports utility vehicle outside the Hyatt Regency Hotel in the city's Darling Harbour, local media reported.
Emergency workers cut the valet driver out from the Porsche as a large crowd watched, according to local media.
Witness Jonathan Bayle told the Australian Broadcasting Corporation that he thought the incident was from a television show or a movie scene being shot.
For the first time in its nine-year history, the Big Bad Wolf Book Sale—dubbed the biggest of its kind in the world—will be held this month in Manila, giving book lovers of all ages the chance to buy brand new, English-language books of different genres at discounts that go as high as 80 percent.
More than 2 million books for children and young adults, fiction and non-fiction titles, and novels will be featured at the book sale. It will run from 9 a.m. of February 16 to 11:59 p.m. of February 25 at the World Trade Center in Pasay City. This means 231 hours of non-stop book shopping.
Established by BookXcess founders Andrew Yap and Jacqueline Ng in Malaysia in 2009, the Big Bad Wolf Sale has also been held in Indonesia, Thailand and Sri Lanka.
Named after the villain of the “Three Little Pigs” fable, the event aims to “tear [down]the house of big, expensive books” and “give in to the mission of [offering]quality and very affordable books,” Big Bad Wolf Marketing Head Miguel Mercado said.
“I think it started [from]a crazy idea that if you sell lots of books in a comfortable place at the right price, people will come,” Mercado said of the event's origins at a recent press conference in Makati City.
Behind the Big Bad Wolf Sale is the “belief that everybody, regardless of status, has the right to learn. And cheap books aren't necessarily poor-quality or second-hand, [and a]warehouse sale doesn't necessarily compromise comfort,” Mercado said.
“This is done not just because we can, but because we care,” he added.
According to Mercado, the organizers made it their mission to get more people to read and make it affordable,
especially in the digital age.
He noted that, although people today have a lot of information, they don't read as much.
The books to be sold “are purchased directly from publishers or suppliers in the United Kingdom, the United States, Canada and Europe. The founders themselves [spent months traveling to these countries and]going to the publishers directly to buy [overruns]from them,” Mercado said.
“[W]hen an author or publisher wants a book published—let's say the order is 20,000 books—the printer will usually print another 2,000 in the hope to sell them to somebody. That hope is now the founders of Big Bad Wolf,” he added.
“They (the founders) come, they buy it in bulk, and they buy in cash. Hence, they get the price really, really low,” Mercado said.
He also said ABS-CBN Publishing is the only Philippine publisher participating in the Big Bad Wolf Book Sale. He emphasized, however, that organizers are open to featuring more local titles, and their publishers, in the Big Bad Wolf Book Sale's future editions.
Admission to the Big Bad Wolf Sale is free. For more details, visit www.facebook.com/bbwbooksphilippines.
LOS ANGELES (AP) — The Latest on nominations for the 75th annual Golden Globe Awards (all times local):
5:47 a.m.
The Golden Globe nominees for best motion picture drama have been announced in Beverly Hills, California. They are: They are "Call Me By Your Name," ''Dunkirk," ''The Post," The Shape of Water" and "Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri."
___
Advertisement
5:45 a.m.
The Golden Globe nominees for best motion picture comedy or musical have been announced in Beverly Hills, California. They are: "The Disaster Artist," ''Get Out," ''The Greatest Showman," ''Lady Bird" and "I, Tonya."
___
5:40 a.m.
The Golden Globe nominees for the best television drama series have been announced in Beverly Hills, California. They are: "The Crown," ''The Handmaid's Tale," ''This Is Us," ''Stranger Things" and "Game of Thrones."
___
5:35 a.m.
The Golden Globe nominees for best actor in a television comedy or musical have been announced in Beverly Hills, California. They are: Anthony Anderson, "black-ish"; Aziz Ansari, "Master of None"; Kevin Bacon, "I Love Dick"; William H. Macy, "Shameless" and Eric McCormack, "Will & Grace."
___
5:30 a.m.
The Golden Globe nominees for best actress in a television comedy or musical have been announced in Beverly Hills, California. They are: Pamela Adlon, "Better Things"; Alison Brie, "Glow"; Rachel Brosnahan, "The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel"; Issa Rae, "Insecure" and Frankie Shaw, "Smilf."
___
5:28 a.m.
The Golden Globe nominees for best limited television series or movie have been announced in Beverly Hills, California. They are: "Big Little Lies," ''Fargo," ''Feud: Bette and Joan," ''The Sinner" and "Top of the Lake: China Girl."
___
5:25 a.m.
The Golden Globe nominees for best animated feature film have been announced in Beverly Hills, California. They are: "The Boss Baby," ''The Breadwinner," ''Coco," ''Ferdinand" and "Loving Vincent."
___
5:22 a.m.
The Golden Globe nominees for foreign language film have been announced in Beverly Hills, California. They are "Fantastic Woman," ''First They Killed My Father," "In the Fade," ''Loveless" and "The Square."
___
5:20 a.m.
The reading of Golden Globe nominations has begun in Beverly Hills, California. The nominees for best TV comedy series are: "black-ish," ''The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel," ''Master of None," ''Smilf" and "Will & Grace."
___
5 a.m.
Decked in a large cozy sweater, actress Kristen Bell is sipping coffee and staying warm before she takes the stage to announce the nominees for the 75th Golden Globe Awards.
Journalists gathered early Monday at the Beverly Hilton Hotel for the reading of the nominations, which honor acting and other work in film and television.
The hotel is a flurry of activity in these early hours with publicists and members of the press chatting and grabbing a little bite of fruit, bagels and croissants before the nominations announcement begins.
Photographers and camera crews took test shots of the stage where Bell, Alfre Woodard, Garrett Hedlund, and Sharon Stone will read the nominations in 25 categories beginning at 5:15 a.m.
The Golden Globe will be hosted Jan. 7 by Seth Meyers and broadcast by NBC from the Beverly Hilton.
___
12 a.m.
Nominations for the 75th annual Golden Globe Awards will be announced Monday morning from Beverly Hills, California.
The nominations will begin at 8:15 a.m. Eastern, with a second batch of nominees announced live on NBC's "Today" show. Among the favorites are Steven Spielberg's "The Post" and Christopher Nolan's "Dunkirk."
In the television categories "The Handmaid's Tale" and "Big Little Lies" could be in for a big morning.
The Golden Globe will be hosted Jan. 7 by Seth Meyers and broadcast by NBC from the Beverly Hilton Hotel.
LEXINGTON, S.C. (AP) – Authorities in South Carolina say four people were found dead in a home in what appears to be a murder-suicide.
Lexington County Coroner Margaret Fisher said in a news release that the dead – a man, a woman and their two children – were found Sunday around 8 p.m. Fisher says it's believed all four died of gunshot wounds.
In a tweet from a verified Twitter account, the Lexington County Sheriff's Department said the deaths appear to be a murder-suicide and the investigation is ongoing.
Fisher identified the dead as 26-year-old Marissa Hope Reynoso and two of her children, 4-year-old Elijah Chavez and 1-year-old Ezra Chavez. Also dead was 25-year-old Jorge Luis Chavez, who's believed to be the father of the two children.
Fisher says an older child of Reynoso wasn't at the home at the time.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Latest on efforts in Congress to reach a deal on a $1.3 trillion spending bill (all times local):
2:40 p.m.
President Donald Trump has told two Republican senators that he supports adding proposals to a huge spending bill that would provide billions in federal subsidies to insurers to help curb health care premium increases.
Two congressional sources said Trump offered that support in a Saturday call with GOP Sens. Lamar Alexander of Tennessee and Maine's Susan Collins.
Advertisement
Alexander and Collins are among Republicans who want to restore federal payments to insurers that Trump halted last fall that reimburse them for reducing out-of-pocket costs for lower-earning customers. They'd also create a $30 billion, three-year program to help carriers afford to cover their sickest, most expensive clients.
Both proposals are in peril. Democrats oppose GOP language forbidding the federal money from being used to finance abortions.
The sources spoke on condition of anonymity because they weren't authorized to discuss the call publicly.
—By Alan Fram.
__
1:55 p.m.
Congressional Democrats have rejected a White House bid to extend protections for so-called Dreamer immigrants in exchange for $25 billion in funding for President Donald Trump's long-sought U.S.-Mexico border wall.
The development came as talks continued on a massive $1.3 trillion catchall spending bill.
Aides said efforts to use the measure as a vehicle to extend protections for young immigrants under the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrival, or DACA, appeared likely to fail.
Trump killed the Obama-era program in September, but a court decision has essentially left it in place, for now.
The White House Sunday proposed a 30-month extension of DACA protections in exchange for $25 billion for Trump's border wall — but Democrats demanded protections for a broader pool of immigrants.
The aides required anonymity because they weren't authorized to speak publicly about the ongoing talks.
__
12:51 a.m.
Congressional leaders and the White House are pressing to strike an accord on a $1.3 trillion catchall spending bill.
Standing in the way are disputes over immigration, abortion and a massive New York-New Jersey rail project that pits President Donald Trump against his most powerful Democratic adversary, Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer.
An agreement by Monday would pave the way for a House vote on Wednesday. Action is needed by midnight Friday to avert another government shutdown.
The measure carries political and policy victories for both sides. Republicans and Trump are winning a long-sought budget increase for the Pentagon while Democrats obtain funding for infrastructure, the opioid crisis and a wide swath of domestic programs.
Coupled with last year's tax cut measure, it heralds the return of trillion-dollar budget deficits.
The echoes of “happy new year” were still swirling around Welford Road when Richard Cockerill, Leicester's director of rugby, was told that his 23-year association with the club had come to an end after an indifferent first half to the season left the Tigers in danger of missing out on the Premiership play-offs for the first time.
Cockerill, ever loyal to the club he joined as a hooker in 1992 and remained at since, apart from a two-year stint at Montferrand to end his playing career, said he respected the decision of the board while believing he was still the best person to be in charge. He was made director of rugby in 2010 after two seasons as head coach, but in the past three years the most successful English club in the professional era have lost ground to Saracens, Bath and Wasps, clubs built on debt rather than, like the Tigers, spending what they earn.
“It is with great sadness and regret that I leave my position as director of rugby with immediate effect,” said Cockerill, the third-longest serving director of rugby in the Premiership following Northampton's Jim Mallinder and Exeter's Rob Baxter.
“I still believe that I am the right person to lead the team at this present time but respect the board's decision to make change as they see fit in the best interests of the club. I arrived back at the club in 2004 as an academy coach and leave as director of rugby with a record that speaks for itself and stands up against any in club rugby in the world.”
Cockerill was fired because success was in the past and becoming more distant. After reaching the Premiership play-off final for nine consecutive years from 2005, last winning it in 2013, Leicester have missed out in the past three years. Sunday's defeat to Saracens left them with four victories in their last 17 Premiership matches against the champions, they have won at Wasps once since 2007 and they have lost their last six matches at Bath, conceding 130 points in their last three visits.
ADVERTISEMENT
Overwhelmed
Away form in recent years has been a concern. The Tigers have been overwhelmed at Glasgow and Munster in the Champions Cup this season and the last time they won away in the league against a club that finished in the top four that season was at Northampton in March 2014. Their home form was considerably better, but the loss to a Saracens team missing three England forwards prompted the Leicester board to wish Cockerill good luck.
Aaron Mauger, the Tigers' head coach, will take charge on an interim basis while the board looks at the coaching structure and whether to redefine the role of director of rugby with a greater emphasis on recruitment, one area where Leicester have suffered compared to their rivals in recent seasons: the ability of clubs to sign two marquee players outside the salary cap has left the best-supported side in the Premiership and the most financially secure struggling to compete.
The mix of Mauger and Cockerill was always going to be intriguing. The former, who played as a centre for New Zealand and finished his career at Leicester, is an exponent of attacking rugby while the latter is steeped in Leicester's traditional attritional approach.
Disharmony
There were signs of disharmony at the beginning of October when the defence coach Scott Hansen, a Kiwi who had arrived with Mauger from the Crusaders in the summer of 2015, was sacked following the concession of three try bonus points in their first five matches.Leicester have tactically lacked clarity this season, especially away from home, which a long injury list only partly explains. When the Leicester chairman, Peter Tom, responded to criticism of the Tigers in his programme notes on Sunday, he divorced the playing side from the administration.
“The performance in Ireland was not what we wanted or expected,” he wrote, “but criticism of the club was well off the mark. We remain in a strong financial position and continue to invest large sums in support of the players, backroom staff, facilities and our academy. This remains a club with high standards and expectations.”
Which is why a league position of fifth with 10 matches to go and trips to Wasps on Sunday, Bath and Northampton to come, prompted a sacking every bit as painful as that of another club stalwart back in 2004 who also had 23 years of service, Dean Richards.
“We are a big club that deserves to be treated with respect,” Cockerill said last month when asked if he feared for his position. “There may be ups and downs on the way, but we will be around in 100 years, doing what we do. Whether I am here or not is irrelevant.”
– (Guardian Service)
Global Turbocharger Market was valued at $10.2 billion in 2016, and is projected to reach $24.04 billion by 2024, having a CAGR of 11.6% during the forecast period of 2017 to 2024.
Turbocharger or turbo is a turbine driven forced induction machine that improves an internal combustion engines' efficiency and power output by adding extra air into the combustion chamber. This improvement over a naturally aspirated engine's output are observed because the turbine can force more air, and thus proportionately more fuel, into the combustion chamber than atmospheric pressure alone. Turbocharger is powered by a turbine which is driven by the engine's exhaust gases. In simple words, turbocharger uses the pressure energy of the exhaust gases and converts into kinetic energy to drive the turbines of turbocharger. There are various types of turbocharger like waste gated turbocharger, variable geometry turbocharger, twin turbocharger and others. Turbochargers can work for both gasoline and diesel engines and can significantly boost an engine's horsepower without significantly increasing its weight, which is the huge benefit that makes turbochargers prominent. Turbocharger is capable enough of increases the power output of an engine while surviving extreme operating conditions.
Request Sample Copy of the Report@ https://www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/turbocharger-market/request-sample
Market Determinants
Improved engine economization, stringent government regulations and enhanced engine performance & fuel efficiency are the major advantages of the turbochargers which are acting as driving agents to the turbocharger market. Complicated installation of turbocharger and Overheating of engine are restraints. Growing demand for fuel efficient and gasoline engines prominent opportunities. Moreover, the use of turbochargers for conventional IC engines ensure complete fuel combustion which reduces harmful emissions which can severely degrade the environment. However, turbochargers are expensive as compared to the traditional chargers and can overheat the engine, which can act as a major restraint to the market growth. In addition to this, inclination towards electric vehicles or (BEVs) is promoting the auto industry in their shift from combustion engines to electricity powered vehicles which will eventually hinder the growth of turbocharger market. On the other hand, growing demand for fuel efficient and gasoline engines can bring future growth opportunities for the industry.
Market Determinants – Impact Analysis (2016 – 2024)
market determinants – impact analysis (2016 – 2024)
Segment Analysis
The global turbocharger market is segmented on the basis of technology, fuel type, application, end user, industry vertical and geography. By technology, the market is segmented into twin turbo technology, waste gate technology and variable geometry technology. On the basis of fuel type, the market is segmented into gasoline and diesel. By end-user, the market is segmented into OEM and After Market. On the basis of application, the segmentation of the market is done on the basis of light commercial vehicles, heavy commercial vehicles, ships & aircraft and others. Geographically, the market is segmented into North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World. Twin turbo technology is the most adopted technology for turbochargers, holding more than 40% of the overall market. Geographically, Europe is the current leading market in terms of turbochargers, as a result of being the largest automobile manufacturing market. According to International Council of Clean Transportation (ICCT), Germany holds 24% share of the overall European passenger vehicle market.
Some major market players are Bosch mahle turbo systems GmbH & Co. KG, Precision Turbo and Engine, Borgwarner, Inc., IHI corporation, Rotomaster International, Mitsubishi Heavy Industries, Ltd., Continental AG, Cummins, Inc., Eaton Corporation and Honeywell international.
Turbocharger market by technology, Revenue
Turbocharger market by technology, Revenue
GLOBAL TURBOCHARGER MARKET SEGMENTATION
By Technology
• Wastegate technology
• Variable geometry technology
By Fuel Type
• Gasoline
• Diesel
By End User
• OEM
• After Market
By Application
• Light Commercial Vehicles
• Heavy Commercial Vehicles
• Ships & Aircraft
• Heavy Duty Vehicles
• Locomotive
By Industry Verticals
• Aerospace & Defense
• Automotive
• Marine
• Agriculture & Construction
KEY MARKET PLAYERS
Bosch mahle turbo systems GmbH & Co. KG
• Precision Turbo and Engine
• Borgwarner, Inc.
• IHI corporation
• Rotomaster International
• Mitsubishi Heavy Industries, Ltd.
• Continental AG
• Cummins Inc.
• Eaton Corporation
• Honeywell International, Inc.
Request for Customized Report @https://www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/turbocharger-market/request-customise-form
About Esticast Research & Consulting :
Esticast Research & Consulting is a research firm providing research reports on various industries with a unique combination of authenticity, extensive research, and infallibility. We provide syndicated market research reports, customization services, and consulting services to help businesses across the world in achieving their goals and overcoming complex challenges. We specialize in providing 360 degree view of the markets to assist clients in determining new opportunities and develop business strategies for the future with data and statistics on changing market dynamics.
Esticast Research & Consulting has expert analysts and consultants with an ability to work in collaboration with clients to meet their business needs and give opportunities to thrive in a competitive world. A comprehensive analysis of industries ranging from healthcare to consumer goods and ICT to BFSI is provided by covering hundreds of industry segments. The research reports offering market forecasts, market entry strategies, and customer intelligence will help clients across the world in harnessing maximum value on their investment and realize their optimum potential.
Contact
Address:Sr. No.8/2A/1, Vitthal Heights, Above Yashwant, Kharadi, Pune-411014
Tel: +91-20-65606016
Email: help@esticastresearch.com
Web: https://www.esticastresearch.com
NOTICE
CHARTER TOWNSHIP OF ORION
PROPOSED ORDINANCE ADOPTION
AMENDMENT TO ORD. NO. 68
WATER & SEWER REGULATIONS
POOLED CASH OF
WATER/SEWER FUND
The Charter Township of Orion Board of Trustees, at the regular meeting of Monday, July 2, 2018, to be held at 7:00 p.m., at the Orion Township Hall, 2525 Joslyn Rd., Lake Orion, Michigan 48360, proposes to adopt an ordinance amending Ordinance No. 68, Water and Sewer, as previously amended, for the Charter Township of Orion, Michigan; amending Section 28, Separate Accounting.
THE CHARTER TOWNSHIP OF ORION ORDAINS: SECTION 1 of Ordinance * * * Section 28 – Separate Accounting
The revenues of the System shall be set aside, as collected, accounted for separately and deposited in a separate depository account in a bank duly qualified to do business in Michigan to be selected by the Board, said account to be designated revenues to be accounted for under the Township's designation as the “Water Supply and Sewage Disposal System Receiving Fund”; and said revenues so deposited shall be accounted for and transferred from the Receiving Fund periodically in the manner and at the time hereinafter specified.
SECTION 2 of Ordinance
All other ordinances or parts of ordinances which are inconsistent or in conflict herewith are hereby repealed to the extent of such inconsistency or conflict.
SECTION 3 of Ordinance
The various parts, sections and clauses of this Ordinance are declared to be severable. If any part, sentence, paragraph, section or clause is adjudged unconstitutional or invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, the remainder of the Ordinance shall not be affected.
SECTION 4 of Ordinance
This Ordinance shall be published in full in a newspaper of general circulation in the Charter Township of Orion, qualified under State law to publish legal notices, and shall become effective upon publication, as provided by law.
SECTION 5 of Ordinance
This Ordinance is hereby declared to have been adopted by the Board of Trustees of the Charter Township of Orion at a meeting thereof duly called and held on the ________ day of ________, 2018, and ordered to be given publication in the manner prescribed by the Charter of the Township of Orion.
Copies of the proposed Ordinance are on file in the office of the Township Clerk, 2525 Joslyn Road, Lake Orion, Michigan, 48360, and may be examined during normal business hours, 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m., Monday through Friday. Written comments may be submitted before the meeting to Penny S. Shults, Clerk, at the address listed above.
Penny S. Shults, Clerk Charter Township of Orion
Publish: 07.05.18
More than 1,500 pounds of food also collected for St. Louis non-profit agency
The Battlegrounds donate both food and money to non-profit agency.
Contact
Bob Holm
***@thebattlegrounds.com Bob Holm
End
-- The Battlegrounds, St. Louis' only permanent mud run and obstacle course, recently held its ninth bi-annual race and collected 1,585 pounds of food for Operation Food Search. The donation is valued at more than $2,600 and represents enough food to feed 396 people for one day. In addition to the canned food drive, proceeds from The Battlegrounds race totaled a $4,000 donation to the organization.The canned food was sent to Agape Ministry of Warren County, which feeds approximately 1,000 Warren County residents each month at its food pantries located in Warrenton and Wright City."This race had more than 2,700 runners who truly stepped up to help our charitable partner," said The Battlegrounds' owner Carl Bolm. "We appreciate their support for such an invaluable organization, and we feel honored to have assisted in the fight to feed the area's hungry."Operation Food Search (OFS) is a hunger relief organization that provides food and nutrition education. Founded in 1981, OFS helps feed more than 200,000 individuals on a monthly basis – one-third of which are children – through a network of 330 community partners in 31 Missouri and Illinois counties, as well as in the city of St. Louis.The Battlegrounds are located at 11008 Schreckengast Rd. in Wright City, Mo. next to Cedar Lake Cellars winery and event venue. For more information, call (314) 569-3005 ext. 114 or visit the website at http://www.thebattlegrounds.com
Kiwi experts have urged people not to dismiss self-driving cars as unsafe after a person was killed by one for the first time this week.
A self-driving Uber car killed a pedestrian, Elaine Herzberg, in the city of Tempe, Arizona, on Monday.
Local police said the car was in self-driving mode with a safety driver at the wheel when it hit the 49-year-old while she was crossing the road.
Nobody else was in the vehicle.
Advertisement
Uber had suspended tests of its self-driving vehicles in Tempe, San Francisco, Pittsburgh and Toronto, the four North American cities where it is testing the technology.
Its chief executive Dara Khosrowshahi tweeted: "We're thinking of the victim's family as we work with local law enforcement to understand what happened."
The tragedy has caused a global stir - and raised fresh questions over whether the technology is safe enough to be used.
While New Zealand has been promoted internationally as a "test-bed" for the technologies, the Ministry of Transport and the NZ Transport Agency was still reviewing transport legislation to clarify the legality of testing of driverless cars here.
That would specifically consider the issues of liability associated with testing - but would not consider liability for general use.
Meanwhile, there had been some instances of the innovation already in New Zealand.
Last year, Ohmio Automotion announced plans to start producing self-driving vehicles here after launching driverless buses in Christchurch.
Following this week's tragedy, University of Auckland computer science senior lecturer Dr Paul Ralph said it was "critical" to use perspective.
"People are using this incident to dismiss driverless cars as unsafe. Human drivers have killed hundreds of thousands of people," Ralph said.
"A driverless car has killed one. Moving to autonomous vehicles as quickly as possible is still the best way to reduce automotive collisions and their enormous cost in money, time and human life."
Paul said that, if Uber knew that its autonomous vehicles were running red lights and did not take reasonable steps to correct the mistake, the company should be held criminally responsible for the woman's death.
"The individuals who ignored the problem should be held personally, criminally responsible - they might be charged with vehicular manslaughter or negligent homicide."
Paul believed research on the technology should be funded by governments and carried out by expert researchers in public-private partnerships.
"But national governments, including New Zealand's, remain unwilling to invest in innovation at the scale demanded by the 21st Century."
Other experts have also weighed in.
Michael Cameron, author of an upcoming Law Foundation report on driverless vehicles in New Zealand, argued driverless vehicles would be safer than the human-controlled vehicles.
"Some regulation is necessary, but any regulation that slows down the adoption of driverless technology will likely cost many more lives than it saves."
Cameron noted how, in 1896, 44-year-old Bridget Driscoll became the first recorded pedestrian to be killed by a motor vehicle.
"And in 2018, it appears that 49-year-old Elaine Herzberg has tragically become the first pedestrian to be killed by a driverless vehicle.
"Back in 1896, the nascent motor vehicle industry managed to avoid a regulatory backlash from the Driscoll tragedy. But these are different times."
There had already been calls for tighter regulations by the director of Consumer Watchdog in the US, Cameron said.
"The irony is that, this time around, we actually have a technology that is safer than the existing technology it will replace."
"The fact the vehicle wasn't technically driverless and had a supervising driver constantly ready to take over is a detail likely to be lost in the response, but it is extremely important.
"While we won't know for sure until the investigation is complete, the supervising driver would have been a highly skilled professional, and he or she also failed to avoid Ms Herzberg."
Professor Hossein Sarrafzadeh, of Unitec's High Tech Research, said that, with the rapid emergence of driverless cars and autopilot technology, such an incident was likely to have occurred sooner or later.
"The cause of the accident has still not been determined and I am sure there will be greater emphasis on the safety of these systems following the investigation, however, it is important to take this single event into context when considering the overall safety of these cars, particularly in comparison to human-operated vehicles," he said.
"There is no doubt that more work needs to be done to make autonomous cars safer.
"Equipping roads with sensors, wearable technologies, AI and machine learning are just some of the technologies that will need to be employed to increase the safety and security of these technologies.
"We need to hold any judgment until investigations have been undertaken and videos and other data relating to the accident have been analysed. Innovation will continue."
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
click to enlarge MATT SEIDEL
Juniper executive chef Glenister Wells found his destiny in the kitchen.
Sign up for our weekly newsletters to get the latest on the news, things to do and places to eat delivered right to your inbox.
Follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
Glenister Wells lost his father at a young age, but his memories of the man remain fresh — and proved foundational."One of my memories of him was watching him sit in front of the TV on weekends with a legal pad," Wells recalls. "He would watch Emeril Lagasse or Julia Child — any of that sort of cooking show —and write down recipes. It's one of my earliest memories of him."Wells, who was recently tapped to be executive chef of the acclaimed Southern restaurant, also had another family influence that helped to inspire his culinary career. One of his first food memories involved making egg noodles at the dining-room table with his grandfather, a joyous home cook who, along with his grandmother, loved entertaining and throwing dinner parties.But though Wells loved food and cherished the memories associated with it, he found another passion when he was in school that took up more of his headspace: music."I got into percussion and music in school and fell in love," Wells says. "I chose the rock-n-roll lifestyle and pursued that dream, but I had to reconcile one day that it wasn't the healthiest and most realistic life choice."Wells happened to be working in a kitchen when he came to this realization. Though that gig was just a means to make money, a friend reached out to him with an opportunity that would be something more. Pastaria was looking for someone to work in their kitchen, and the friend thought Wells would be a good fit. He put him in touch with chefs Michael Petres and Ashley Shelton, and the next thing he knew, Wells was working in a job that not only felt like a viable career path, but also made him feel like he was finally embracing his life's calling."I found myself again when I started at Pastaria," Wells explains. "It guided me to the place I was supposed to be — I'd been working in the kitchen all this time, and it turns out, I was right at home. I just wasn't aware."At Pastaria, and under Petres and Shelton in particular, Wells was shown that the kitchen could be a positive work environment — not one characterized by old-school chefs who yell and throw things. He worked there three years, taking on additional responsibilities and honing his craft.When a friend approached him earlier this year about an opportunity to work with John Perkins at Juniper, he agreed to hear him out. When Wells and Perkins began chatting, they forged an immediate connection over everything from hospitality to the importance of telling the story of culture through cuisine.Perkins offered him the job as Juniper's executive chef, and Wells accepted, seeing it as a way to stretch himself professionally. And stretch he will. The restaurant is moving from its current digs to a new location in the Central West End sometime this summer, expanding its hours and changing its menu.Wells could not be more excited about the chance to tell stories with food. In fact, when he reflects on his own, he realizes how important a role food and hospitality have played, even when that hasn't always been so apparent on the surface."It rubbed off on me," he says of the prevalence of food in his upbringing. "Somewhere, within my subconscious, it was embedded. Destiny chose me at that young age."Wells took a break from the kitchen to share his thoughts on the St. Louis food-and-beverage scene, his yin-and-yang daily rituals, and why French fries are always the answer.My love for music and the fact that I've been a percussionist for most of my life. I'd say another secret of sorts is that I'd love to start a hip-hop group.Like most humans, coffee. And just recently, yoga and coffee… in that order.The power to give everyone in this country equal rights and equal opportunity.I would say the amount of new places that are popping up that are really doing food justice and helping to put St. Louis on the map as a culinary destination.Probably more late-night food options that don't make you feel terrible for eating them.Definitely Enoch Simpson. Enoch is a badass cook and like an older brother to me.Evy Swoboda of Pastaria, for sure — who I believe is working on a very exciting project right now.I'm going to say the Serrano chile. They're sometimes very fiery but they always mellow out.I would probably be working in the special-needs field. Four years ago, I lost my sister who had Down syndrome, and she's been an everlasting impact in my life.Fake butter/margarine. It just freaks me out!If it's not straight home to hang out with my girlfriend and dog, you can find me at Sasha's on Shaw enjoying a Busch beer.French fries. I completely lose all willpower when they're cooked in front of me.Definitely hot chicken! And some greens, French fries and a pizza to wash it down.
Does it really take the most vulgar, rude, offensive, racist, bombastic, insensitive, unqualified, disrespectful boor ever to be nominated by a major party in our lifetimes to finally get a highly qualified woman into the White House?
Seems so — assuming we're lucky, of course, and we don't make complete fools of ourselves, merging the White House with the Trump Network and calling it the Trump House (where the Lincoln Bedroom will now be available to any billionaires, not just the ones who contribute).
This is awful. It is beyond bad. There is nothing to enjoy. It is horrible to watch. I've been watching the debates with my students, but I'd rather we were watching any debate from any other campaign ever.
I would like them to see decent candidates, ones who cared enough to try their hardest and do their best — not foul-mouthed boors who talk "locker room talk" every minute of the day.
Did you see Donald Trump repeatedly duck the question of whether he still talks this way? Tell me: Did he wake up one day and see the light? This is who he is. He makes no bones about it. He is the most authentic candidate I have ever seen.
And that's the other scary part of it.
This is exactly who he is. He is a racist. He hates women. He objectifies women. He "(grabs) them by the p----." He was not in a college locker room when he said that. He was 59, for goodness' sake.
And his supporters, if the pictures, blogs and reports are to be believed, are just eating it up. They love it when he attacks women as sexual objects and Mexicans as criminals and Muslims as terrorists. They're raising a glass.
They are actually telling people on the phone that they are for this man. They aren't embarrassed. There may be more of them.
Who are these people?
We keep hearing about the angry white man. Yes, they've felt downtrodden as of late. It's tough. But can I point out the obvious? Most of these white men have white wives, daughters or sisters, women who feel as demeaned and put down by Trump's disrespectful oath as women of color.
Are women not telling their husbands or brothers what it feels like to have a man who would be president of the United States talk about women as if we are pieces of meat? Nobody stuck a microphone in his shower while he was muttering to himself. This is clearly the way he talks to others; it's who he is.
I don't know whether Trump is a curse of an older generation that will be gone soon or rather a continuous virus that infects young and insecure men with a false and dangerous sense of security, one gained by demeaning others and degrading women — a virus that stays with them for the rest of their lives.
We who are mothers would like to think we have raised our sons better. In all events, no such man is qualified to be president, but it shouldn't take one for a qualified woman to win.
— Susan Estrich is a best-selling author, the Robert Kingsley Professor of Law and Political Science at the USC Law Center and was campaign manager for 1988 Democratic presidential nominee Michael Dukakis. Click here to contact her or click here to read previous columns. The opinions expressed are her own.
.
About The Bitter Sweet Bombshells
The Bombshells are your home Roller Derby Team!
They are your teachers, your librarians, your office administrators, your cooks, your service techs, your bartenders, your waitresses. They are mothers, they are friends, they are part of your community.
The Bombshells are athletes who spend countless hours every week working on their skills and the game; they are a well-respected team state wide, and do their best to bring recognition to the County and region.
.
For More Information
To learn more about the Bitter Sweet Bombshells check out our website www.bittersweetbombshells.com or on Facebook.
Join the Skaters In Wonderland bout event on Facebook!
Paid Advertisement - This post was paid for by the business or individual represented above. We reserve the right to remove any comments. If you'd like to advertise your business in a future promotion similar to this, call our Advertising Team at 307-922-0700 or send us a message.
Families in Northern Ireland spend four times as much money on so-called "treat" foods than fruit and vegetables, according to new data.
Almost a quarter (24%) of the average weekly food budget went on highly processed items like crisps, chocolate and sweets - compared with just 10% on fruit and 7% on vegetables and prepared salads, the Food Standards Agency and Safefood found.
Dr Cliodhna Foley-Nolan, director of human health and nutrition with Safefood, said: "While we all love to treat our kids and grandkids, highly processed foods such as crisps, chocolates and sweets, which are full of empty calories, have become a staple in our weekly shop.
"Unfortunately they're a norm in our children's daily diet and they are not seen as a real treat any more."
The research found that in 2016, on average, households with children forked out £852 on "treats" compared with £317 on fruit and £205 on vegetables.
Broken down, the average family spend on chocolate and sweets was £191; sugary drinks £190; biscuits £125 and crisps £111.
The data looked only at weekly supermarket shops and did not account for convenience purchases in outlets such as garage forecourts, cafes or cinemas.
Sharon Gilmore, head of standards and dietary health at the Food Standards Agency, said: "These foods and drinks are mostly high in fat, sugar and salt, and we recommend eating them less often and in small amounts.
"We should all aim to eat a varied and balanced diet based on the Eatwell Guide, which includes at least five portions of fruit and vegetables a day.
"This will help children feel their best and make a big difference to their long-term health."
The data has been released as part of the START campaign - a five-year public health awareness drive aimed at encouraging families to pursue a healthier lifestyle.
Mary Black, assistant director for health and social well-being improvement at the Public Health Agency, said: "Changing the way that we and our children eat can be difficult, but over time, by making small daily changes, you can have a positive impact on your health.
"For instance, swapping a sugary drink for milk or water, or instead of reaching for the crisps, try some plain popcorn as a snack.
"In addition to making healthier snack swaps, it's also important to recognise that children only need kid-sized portions. At meal times, using a smaller plate for children is a good way of making sure you don't serve up too much."
To find out more about the START campaign and ways to make a healthy, positive start visit www.makeastart.org.
↑ Top of page
BRUSSELS (Sputnik) — A scandal is gaining momentum in the European Union following the discovery of hazardous insecticide fipronil in the eggs of some EU-based poultry farms. Millions of chicken eggs have been recalled in past weeks from shelves in European stores over fears that they might have been contaminated with fipronil. Eggs contaminated with fipronil have been detected in 15 European Union member states, as well as in Switzerland and Hong Kong, the Commission said on Friday. It also announced a ministerial meeting on September 26 amid the scandal.
“At the moment, the issue of providing financial support to farmers is not considered. Firstly, we need to assess the scale of the entire situation and the damage from it,” the Commission's spokesperson said.
On Wednesday, Belgian Minister of Health Denis Ducarme said that the Dutch authorities knew about the infection of eggs with fipronil in November 2016, but failed to inform the EU partners about it. Amsterdam categorically rejected such accusations.
Prosecutors from Belgium and the Netherlands are involved in the investigation of the scandal. On Thursday, the Dutch authorities detained two men suspected of involvement in the case, and the Belgian police conducted searches at 12 enterprises specializing in disinfection services and using fipronil.
Fipronil is a broad-spectrum insecticide used to treat lice, fleas and ticks, and in large quantities, it can cause liver, kidney and thyroid gland damage. The chemical is considered by the World Health Organization (WHO) to be a moderately hazardous substance, and its use is illegal in the production of food for human consumption in Europe.
CC0 / Hans
Sputnik News
South Africa Today – World News – Europe
March 25, 2018, Chennai: The 14th edition of Gem & Jewellery India International Exhibition (GJIIE) organized by Madras Jewellers Diamond Merchants Association (MJDMA) and UBM India, the nation's leading exhibition organizer, was held at the Chennai Trade Centre from 23rd to 25th March, 2018.
The fair is recognized as an integral part of the jewellery sector by associations and the industry at large, with support from eminent associations namely, MJDMA & as well as 310 Trade Associations & Bodies. The three-day expo was South India's largest B2B show with participation of over 325 exhibitors and 450 brands that showcased the latest trends in this gleaming domain. It includes representation by wholesalers, retailers, importers and exporters, jewellery manufacturers, machinery manufacturers, diamond, gemstone, pearl suppliers and traders, precious metal and jewellery mounting traders and suppliers, and trade and governmental bodies.
The key highlights of the expo included seminars by acknowledged thought leaders in the industry on topics such as “Spotlight on Synthetics” by GIA, “Role of MSME in Jewellery Sector”, “About Diamonds” by HRD, “Advance Technology in Jewellery Manufacturing” by Gold smith Academy, to name a few. The expo also featured a ‘Hall of Fame', an ‘Innovation gallery' & an ‘Artisan's Zone' with a display of unique products, live jewellery making , miniatures and a Jewellery costume made from precious metals and gem stones. A fashion show was organized on the second day of the expo, 24th March, 2018 which saw participation of various brands. It was powered by leading brands like Swarovski, Mehta Gold & Daimond, J K Jewels & Jai Gulab Dev.
Speaking at the closing ceremony of GJIIE 2018, Mr. Yogesh Mudras, Managing Director, UBM India said, “We are glad to have put up yet another successful edition of the Gem and Jewellery India International Exhibition as we have received an overwhelming response. This expo has offered a platform for all industry players to connect, trade, and grow nationally and internationally. India has been the recognized hub of jems and jewellery and we are proud to have presented this opportunity to the industry stakeholders. It has further validated the need for such a platform and we hope to continue this trend in the coming years.”
UBM has been an integral part of the jewellery industry for nearly three decades, organizing similar renowned jewellery fairs worldwide. GJIIE is one of the four-city jewellery shows (Kolkata, Chennai, Hyderabad and Delhi) hosted throughout the year by UBM India. Spread across five halls, the expo will feature category-wise pavilions such as Elite pavilion, Gold pavilion, Silver & Gemstone pavilion and will also have a Machinery & Allied section.
About UBM India:
UBM India is India's leading exhibition organizer that provides the industry with platforms that bring together buyers and sellers from around the world, through a portfolio of exhibitions, content led conferences & seminars. UBM India hosts over 25 large scale exhibitions and 40 conferences across the country every year; thereby enabling trade across multiple industry verticals. A UBM Asia Company, UBM India has offices across Mumbai, New Delhi, Bangalore and Chennai. UBM Asia is owned by UBM plc which is listed on the London Stock Exchange. UBM Asia is the leading exhibition organizer in Asia and the biggest commercial organizer in mainland China, India and Malaysia.
For further details, please visit www.ubmindia.in.
About UBM plc:
UBM plc is the largest pure-play B2B Events organiser in the world. In an increasingly digital world, the value of connecting on a meaningful, human level has never been more important. At UBM, our deep knowledge and passion for the industry sectors we serve allow us to create valuable experiences where people can succeed. At our events people build relationships, close deals and grow their businesses. Our 3,750+ people, based in more than 20 countries, serve more than 50 different sectors – from fashion to pharmaceutical ingredients. These global networks, skilled, passionate people and market-leading events provide exciting opportunities for business people to achieve their ambitions.
For more information, go to www.ubm.com; for UBM corporate news, follow us on Twitter at @UBM, UBM Plc LinkedIn
Media Contact:
Roshni Mitra / Mili Lalwani
roshni.mitra@ubm.com / mili.lalwani@ubm.com
+91-22-61727000
UBM India
For so long last season Manchester United supporters sang that "Jose's got us playing the way United should" when, frankly, that was not the case. But it was here. This was football with power and pace and purpose - and also a 'pow' as Romelu Lukaku, their new centre-forward, scored twice on his debut to knockout West Ham United.
This was also the biggest win, 4-0, of the opening weekend in the Premier League and, perhaps more importantly, the biggest at the club under Jose Mourinho and the biggest by United in just under three years. Going even further back it felt like the Fergie times at Old Trafford with, on the hour, that 1960s Herman's Hermit hit, with its adapted lyrics, again being belted out with some justification at last. Mourinho had said he felt he was "on fire" and his team were smoking.
There is a long way to go. United began this time last year with a Zlatan Ibrahimovic-inspired swagger and while they delivered two cups the football was functional, at times, and little more. Against a re-armed West Ham they were far more swashbuckling with Lukaku grabbing the headlines and his former Chelsea teammate Nemanja Matic providing the control and energy to unleash United's formidable attacking talents along with Paul Pogba. On this evidence they are indeed genuine contenders.
Mourinho has them playing and, yes, playing the way United should.
Advertisement
So there is belief and there is renewed confidence also while, for Chelsea fans, the sight of Lukaku in this rampaging form and Matic so formidable behind him, was the stuff of nightmares especially after their opening-day disaster.
Chelsea did not secure the return of Lukaku and United did, for 75 million ($133m) plus various huge add-ons, and this was precisely the kind of fixture in which they laboured last season. Here, instead, their firepower was awesome with two late goals from Pogba and Anthony Martial giving an emphatic gloss.
With Lukaku United have more mobility and movement and suddenly a greater threat which will also help Marcus Rashford. Henrikh Mkhitaryan, pulling the strings, looks more at home in his second campaign, and Matic was all clever movement and creativity.
Furthermore, Mourinho has daunting resources. His bench included Ander Herrera, Jesse Lingard and Martial while another important signing, Victor Lindelof, was not even among the substitutes after, admittedly, struggling in the midweek Super Cup defeat in the humidity of Macedonia against Real Madrid.
United's first goal summed up what Mourinho wants and what United lacked last season, in fact.
It came as Matic snapped into a challenge, closing down Pedro Obiang as he dawdled and then Rashford slipped the ball through to Lukaku who struck it first-time on the run, with it cannoning off the post and into the net. Bang.
Pogba, dominant in midfield, led the charge after halftime. Lukaku steered a header from a freekick past a rooted Hart. Replays showed some bizarre behaviour from the West Ham left-back Arthur Masuaku who was grinning, laughing, bending to tie his laces. Everything, in fact, except doing what he is paid to do: defend.
More goals came. Martial then ran on to one final smart pass from Mkhitaryan, before he was substituted, to spring past the West Ham defence and side-foot beyond Hart. Then Pogba curled in a 20m shot. The scoreline was emphatic. Just like the performance. It was music to the fans' ears.
Ahil's date at Adira's party @katrinakaif ????
A post shared by Arpita Khan Sharma (@arpitakhansharma) on Dec 10, 2017 at 12:42am PST
New Delhi: Adira's birthday party was a big extravaganza for all the Bollywood celebrities. From Kareena Kapoor and Katrina Kaif to Sridevi and Rekha, actresses of all times were present to bless Rani's two-year-old. All the dads and moms of Bollywood were present with their young ones at Adira's wonderland.We got to see Shilpa Shetty with son Viaan, Shah Rukh Khan with AbRam, Kareena Kapoor with Taimur, Karan Johar with Yash and Roohi, and also Katrina Kaif with a baby. Now whose baby was Katrina playing with? Well it is Ahil Sharma , nephew of her very favourite Salman Khan and son of Salman's sister Arpita.Take a look at the adorable duo.
Helping to End Addiction: NIH Initiative Addresses Opioid Epidemic
This article originally appeared here.
Share this content:
linkedin
google
Email
Print
The HEAL Initiative will focus on addiction prevention through an improved understanding of mechanisms underlying the development of chronic pain.
National Institutes of Health (NIH) Director Francis Collins, MD, PhD, announced on April 4, 2018, the launch of the Helping to End Addiction Long-Term (HEAL) Initiative.1,2 This transagency effort seeks “to speed scientific solutions to stem the national opioid public health crisis.”
The agency has devoted $1.1 billion for research on mechanisms of pain, opioid misuse, and addiction for fiscal year 2018, an >80% increase in funding from 2016. This move was facilitated by the long-awaited increase in the research budget signed into law on March, 23, 2018.
The science-friendly budget, which adds $3 billion (8.3% increase) to the NIH's budget over last year's, was voted by Congress despite radical cuts for research funding that had been initially proposed by the White House.3
The HEAL Initiative seeks to tackle opioid addiction on 3 fronts: basic research to further elucidate the neurobiologic mechanisms involved in both addiction to opioids and pain; implementation research, with the development of new models for both pain and opioid use disorder (OUD); and research on effective combinations of Medication-Assisted Treatment (MAT) and behavioral treatment approaches to OUD.2
NIH-funded research that has contributed to addressing the opioid epidemic in recent years includes the development of naloxone hydrochloride nasal spray (Narcan) for the reversal of opioid overdose and compiling evidence supporting the use of buprenorphine for the treatment of OUD. In addition, an increasing body of studies indicates the effectiveness of nonpharmacologic approaches to pain management (eg, acupuncture, mindfulness meditation, and yoga).
In partnership with biotechnology and pharmaceutical sectors, the HEAL Initiative will focus on addiction prevention through an improved understanding of mechanisms underlying the development of chronic pain and of factors that may increase the risk for OUD developing. A data-sharing collaborative, a network of clinical trials “that will allow multiple new and repurposed compounds to be tested simultaneously for effectiveness,” and the identification of biomarkers of increased risk for transition from acute to chronic pain, will be leveraged to address these goals. In collaboration with the NIH's Brain Research through Advancing Innovative Neurotechnologies (BRAIN) Initiative, which supports the development of improved neuroimaging technologies and of proteomics, genomics, and other –omics, the HEAL Initiative endeavors to identify new molecular targets for the treatment of chronic pain as well as biomarkers that may predict treatment response. Another avenue of research supported by the HEAL Initiative is the identification of genetic and social factors that predispose to OUD.
The development of immunotherapies seeking to prevent synthetic opioids and heroin from passing the blood-brain barrier, research into effective MAT/nonpharmacologic combined approaches, and the evaluation of treatments for and consequences of neonatal opioid withdrawal syndrome, will all contribute to designing better treatments for opioid misuse disorder and addiction.
At the launch of the HEAL Initiative at the National Rx Drug Abuse and Heroin Summit, Dr Collins declared, “Over the last year, NIH has worked with stakeholders and experts across scientific disciplines and sectors to identify areas of opportunity for research to combat the opioid crisis. The focus of these discussions has centered on ways to reduce the over prescription of opioids, accelerate development of effective non-opioid therapies for pain, and provide more flexible options for treating opioid addiction. NIH is committed to bringing the full power of the biomedical research enterprise to bear on this crisis.”
References
The Kentucky Department of Education has released the latest school report cards, and while both Mercer County school systems are happy this year, they don't have any good grades to show for it. Since 2009, KDE has posted online school and district report card information about test performance, teacher qualifications, student safety, awards, parent involvement and more.
However, this is a transition year. The KDE did not assign labels to school districts. Even so, Burgin Independent and Mercer County School Districts are happy with their report cards for the 2016-17 school year.
BURGIN INDEPENDENT
Burgin officials were pleased with this year's results, which showed the district building on its success last year, when they were named a district of distinction. Burgin Superintendent Will Begley was proud to note Burgin achieved a 100-percent novice reduction in math.
While the state did not rank school districts this year, many districts—Burgin Independent included—did. According to figures compiled by Burgin from the accountability summary spreadsheet, Burgin ranked third out of seven nearby school districts. Burgin High School ranked second, trailing only Boyle County, and Burgin Middle School ranked third, trailing Boyle and Casey County.
Begley was disappointed Burgin Elementary ranked 16th out of 20 nearby elementary schools, but attributed that to the small class sizes at Burgin compared to the other school districts.
“That's part of the beast of being a small school,” Begley said. “We're happy with what we have.”
MERCER COUNTY SCHOOLS
Mercer officials have conflicting emotions about this year's report card. Just when they feel like they've started to turn things around, the state did away with the rankings.
“Last year it killed us,” said Superintendent Dennis Davis. “This year it would have helped us.”
According to figures provided by school officials, Mercer County Intermediate School made progress in all three areas of achievement, gap and growth. The gap score—which is based on the performance of state and federally designated groups within the student body— increased the most, moving from a 37.3 in 2015-16 to a 68.5, while achievement increased from 66.3 to 69.2 and growth increased from 54.8 to 59.8. There were increases in achievement scores for on-demand writing, reading, mathematics, social studies and language mechanics.
Last year, the school district was penalized for not reducing the number of students learning at a novice level. This year, Mercer Intermediate met 93-percent of its novice reduction targets in reading and math. King Middle School also recorded significant increases while Mercer County Senior High School improved in achievement, gap, college and career readiness and graduation rate.
“We moved dramatically from where we were a year ago,” said Davis, who said the Mercer Board of Education approved spending $50,000 last year in transportation and meal costs for after school tutoring. This year, spending was increased to $100,000 and tutoring began earlier in the school year.
To learn more, check out this week's issue of The Harrodsburg Herald.
Dive Brief:
The Department of Education staff is actively updating data on the College Scorecard, meaning that the initiative is most likely here to stay, reports Inside Higher Ed.
The scorecard has been applauded as a sign of higher ed transparency by some, but also criticized by many groups for lacking context and unfairly ranking down schools that take in high risk students.
Though the Trump Administration never said it intended to eliminate the initiative, the plan to keep it going means that administrators will have to continue considering their institution's ranking on it.
Dive Insight:
The scorecard, which was established in 2015, has been met with hesitation from a lot of university administrators. Intended to give families a better idea of whether they are making a good investment in a particular university, it has been criticized by groups like community colleges, for failing to count many of their students and devaluing the type of education they provide. In other cases, universities have complained that the data is just incorrect, as updating the system — by collecting and validating the data — is a difficult and time consuming process, particularly with limited staff support, reports Inside Higher Ed.
Though it outwardly reflects transparency in higher ed, the scorecard's continuance could be an issue for universities, particularly those that take in high-risk students, which must manage a potentially poor ranking against institutional missions to educated underserved populations. The Trump Administration has pledged to make some updates to the service that were not included in the previous administration, such as using data from the Student Achievement Measure so that the tool is more accurate.
As we reported earlier, Piaggio India have launched the Vespa Red priced at Rs 87,009 (ex-showroom). There is more to this product than meets the eye. Although the scooter remains the same mechanically, its vibrant coat of paint is not just a marketing gimmick.
Vespa have announced that they will donate $50 (Rs 3,300 approx.) to the Global Fund to fight AIDS in India for every scooter sold in the country. They went on to add that the money generated from the sale of one scooter can provide more than 165 days of life-saving medication.
The new scooter was unveiled by Bollywood actor and UN Women Goodwill ambassador, Farhan Akhtar. In addition to presenting the scooter, Akhtar was gifted a scooter, becoming the first owner of the Vespa Red in India.
Globally, the Vespa 946 is sold in a completely-red avatar and Vespa donate $150 to (RED) for each scooter sold. In India we won't be seeing the Vespa 946 Red. Instead, we will have to be content with the 125-cc Vespa Red scooter in a similar fully-red paint scheme, from the alloy wheels to the seat. The 125-cc engine continues to make 10.06 PS at 7,500 rpm and a peak torque of 10.6 Nm at 6,000 rpm.
For the price, Vespa are also offering exclusive Vespa Red merchandise – a helmet, a T-shirt, and a hat.
(RED) are an organisation founded in 2006 and have raised more than $450 million for the Global Fund to help people ailing from tuberculosis, AIDS, and malaria. One of their primary intentions is to make sure that a mother with HIV does not pass the virus to her unborn child.
We wish Vespa and (RED) the best in their endeavour to create a world where no child is born with the fatal virus.
Story: Joshua Varghese
Please tell us why (optional)
This is an experimental feature. Give us your feedback. Thank you for your feedback.
© Ahmad Al-Rubayea/AFP/Getty
Smoke signals Iraqi forces with Popular Mobilisation Unit support await orders during their advance on the Islamic State group's fallen stronghold of Hawija
© David Becker/Getty
Dash to safety Country music fans flee the Route 91 Harvest festival in Las Vegas where Stephen Paddock shot and killed 59 people
© David Ramos/Getty
Up in arms Spanish police try to prevent people voting in the Catalan independence referendum in Sant Julia de Ramis, near Girona, on Sunday
© Phil Noble/Reuters
You're fired Theresa May receives a P45 termination of employment form from Simon Brodkin during her address to the Conservative party conference in Manchester
© Brian Cahn/ZUMA Wire/dpa
Top dog A competitor in the Super Air semi-finals at the 2017 Splash Dog National Championships in Gardnerville, Nevada
Focal point Kim Jong-un beams from a portrait at a photo exhibition marking the 20th anniversary of his father's election as head of the Workers' Party of Korea
© Jonathan Ernst/Reuters
Light relief Donald Trump tosses rolls of paper towels to people at a hurricane aid distribution centre in San Juan, capital of storm-battered Puerto Rico
© Toby Melville/Reuters
Playtime Visitors to London's Tate Modern art gallery enjoy the ride on part of the ‘One Two Three Swing!' installation by the Superflex collective from Denmark
© Abir Abdullah/EPA
Health checks A doctor examines a 10-day-old Rohingya baby at a medical centre in Ukhiya, Cox's Bazar, Bangladesh
© Jayne Kamin-Oncea/USA Today Sports/Reuters
Face off Briante Weber of the Los Angeles Lakers gets to know Emmanuel Mudiay of the Denver Nuggets at Citizens Business Bank Arena in Ontario, California
© Matthias Oesterle/ZUMA Wire/dpa
Lone star Catalan independence activists wave estelada flags during a strike in protest at Spanish police action to prevent voting in Sunday's referendum
© Ueslei Marcelino/Reuters
Done deal President Michel Temer of Brazil during a ceremony marking National Micro and Small Enterprises Day at the Planalto Palace in Brasília
© A Saeed Faruqui/PTI/dpa
Key personnel Newly recruited prison officers on parade in Bhopal in the central Indian state of Madhya Pradesh
The Wyoming Department of Education released some information for rolling out the new WY-TOPP test with the new format.
The Spring 2018 WY-TOPP window is fast approaching (April 16-May 11). This is the testing window where participation is required for most grades.
Here are a few general talking points and reminders from Wyoming Superintendent Jillian Balow:
Online with multiple item types (e.g., enhanced multiple choice, constructed response, technology enhanced, performance task)
Testing time is limited to 1% of the school year (e.g., 9 hours for elementary, 10 for middle school, and 11 for high school); this is for “actual testing time” and does not include test prep, breaks, or time reading the instructions
Comparability across states – students' scores are to be comparable to students' scores from other states
Readiness check and training SHOULD HAVE ALREADY been conducted to ensure schools have a smooth online test administration
Not only is this a new assessment, aligned with our state content and performance standards, it is also a new format. Thus, ensuring that stakeholders in your community have an understanding that assessment data is just one measure of school success, is essential.
Advertisement - Story continues below...
This year, maybe more so than in recent years, it is important to pull data together from formative classroom assessments, district benchmark assessments, and the WY-TOPP to tell the assessment story for your students in your district.
“Student success is richer than assessment data, yet sometimes that seems to be the main focus. Our improved and refined accountability system puts a greater emphasis on student growth and a well rounded education and this will be reflected in this year's performance ratings,” said Balow in a press release.
By Oghenefego Obaebor
FORMER Permanent Secretary in the Federal Ministry for Youths and Executive Vice-President, Dr. Tunji Olaopa, has said that rather than just teaching undergraduates basic curriculum, institutions of higher learning should engage in motivational talks and programmes which seek to expose students to probable real life challenges that precede success.
Speaking at the Caleb University distinguished lecture series on Harnessing Business Opportunities for National Development, Olaopa said that hardwork, moral and the need for delayed gratification should be enforced in schools.
According to him, apart from the school, institutions such as the church and mosque should deemphasise prosperity and miracle while teaching youths and lay more emphasis on morals and hardwork before success. “Youths have to learn the act of squeezing water out of stone which means doing the unusual in order to break grounds,” he said.
While lamenting that the country does not recognise merit, he urged teachers to maintain continuous teaching of merit, adding that merit and hardwork pay at last.
He said: “Teachers should talk to students on hardwork because Nigeria does not recognise merit. In Nigeria, it is the third best that occupies the most valuable positions. It is the message that the market communicates that determines the character of the people.
“Those who think hardworking students are stupid, those who laugh at students who spend most of their time reading, will regret it later in life when they see them being successful. In the end, these are the people that get the best jobs and occupy positions of value in the society.”
He noted that there is value in stamina when the road becomes rough.
Meanwhile, in his lecture, he charged the government to create enabling environment for businesses to thrive in the country. He said: “It is not enough for students to be taught business, government and the society must create an environment for business to thrive.
“Government must continuously look at the gaps between the rich and the poor, between the literate and the illiterate, between they have and they have not. It is critical if you don't have the orientation before you graduate.”
‘'Government must do more to facilitate capital,they must provide technical services for starters and support them in all areas. That is what other nations like India are doing. They create an enabling environment for their citizen to do business. Their government make their people go through competitive materials, be selected and exempted from tax until they grow. That is how most of these brands emerge.
LAGOS—HUMAN rights lawyer, Mr. Femi Falana (SAN), has filed a fundamental human rights enforcement suit before the Federal High Court in Abuja on behalf of a journalist, Jones Abiri, who has been held in the custody of the Department of State Security for about two years without charge.
The court papers obtained on Wednesday showed that the suit filed on Tuesday, sought among other prayers an order directing the DSS to pay to the journalist the sum of N200m in damages for the illegal violation of his fundamental rights.
The suit prayed for a declaration that the detention of the journalist in Abuja without access to his family members, friends and medical doctors since his arrest on July 21, 2016 “is illegal and unconstitutional”.
Falana argued that the detention “violates” the applicant's fundamental rights” including, rights to personal liberty, dignity of person, fair hearing, health and association, as well as freedom of association.
He also contended that Abiri's rights which were violated by the DSS were guaranteed by sections 34, 35 and 40 of the Constitution as well as Articles 11 and 16 of the African Charter on Human and Peoples' Rights (Ratification and Enforcement) Act.
While praying for order directing the DSS to pay to the applicant the sum of N200m as “general and aggravated damages”, Falana urged the court to also make “an order directing the immediate release of the applicant (Abiri) from the custody of the respondent (DSS) forthwith”.
He also prayed the court to make “an order restraining the respondent from further violating the applicant's fundamental rights in any manner whatsoever, and howsoever without lawful justificiation”.
A litigation clerk in Falana's law firm, Mr. Paul Ochayi, said in an affidavit filed in support of the suit that Abiri was arrested without warrant by “the armed agents” of the DSS in Yenagoa, Bayelsa State on July 21, 2016.
The affidavit added that the DSS added that “there is no court order which authorised the detention of the applicant” and that the agency, “has not charged the applicant to any court”.
AUGUSTA,Ga (WJBF) Augusta is still waiting to be paid for having its employees and equipment working on private property.
Last week Commissioners voted to authorize a settlement with Lincoln County property owners for 54 hundred dollars.
This was for the cost a city mini excavator and city employees working at the site back in March.
City Administrator Janice Allen Jackson explains how the city reached that total.
“The owners were very receptive in terms of paying the costs associated with the work that was done up there basically in simple terms identified the number of days the people who worked the value of that equipment if you were to try and rent that equipment from a local company and came up with a total that they agreed to pay,” said Jackson.
We asked Jackson why the equipment the employees went to the property and she said according to the sheriff's office report they were directed by former Landfill Director Mark Johnson.
Johnson resigned his position in June.
Electrical apps for iOS & Android by Pro Certs Software. BS 7671 18th Edition versions coming soon. www.procertssoftware.com
Smart Electrical Apps for the Smart Electrician
Media Contact
Pro Certs Software Ltd
***@pro-certs.com Pro Certs Software Ltd
End
-- With the release of the 18th edition of the IET wiring regulations due in 2018 Pro Certs Software announce the development of a brand-new user friendly electrical certificates app for 2018 "Pro Certs". The new Pro Certs app is specifically designed with the user in mind to ease the burden of form filling as well as saving you time.The electrical app will produce Electrical Installation Certificates (EIC), Minor Works Certificates (MW) and Electrical Installation Condition Reports (EICR).Pro Certs Software are offering a select few free uses of the Beta version prior to publishing. If you would like to be considered as a Beta tester of the App where you will be able to send us your improvement ideas or comments then register your interest here: http://www.procertssoftware.com/blog/electrical-certificates-app-software-coming-soonAside of an Electrical Certificates App Pro Certs Software have a number of Electrical Apps in the App stores under the publisher "Pro Certs Software".These apps include:> Single Cable Calculator> Max Zs Values> kVA Calculator> Adiabatic Calculatorcheck out the full suite of apps in the app stores or visit: http://www.procertssoftware.com/ for further info.Pro Certs Software are offering a select few free uses of the Beta version of the new "Pro Certs" Electrical Certificates App prior to publishing.If you would like to be considered as a Beta tester of the App where you will be able to send us your improvement ideas or comments then register your interest here: http://www.procertssoftware.com/ blog/electrical- certifica... Follow us on social media to get the latest app development news.Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/procertssoftware/Twitter: https://twitter.com/ProCertsYouTube: https://www.youtube.com/procertssoftwareWebsite: http://www.procertssoftware.com/Other: http://electrician-apps.com/
Jordan Pickford girlfriend: Who is Megan Davison? England player's rumoured fiancée details revealed
England goalkeeper Jordan Pickford is rumoured to be engaged to girlfriend Megan Davison, his childhood sweetheart.
Jordan Pickford, 24, became the nation's hero when England faced Columbia in the final sixteen of the 2018 World Cup.
The young Everton goalkeeper managed to save a crucial spot kick in the penalty shootout, propelling England into the quarter finals, and was cheered on by 22-year-old girlfriend Megan Davison.
Cin cin A post shared by M E G S (@megan_davison_) onMay 16, 2018 at 11:36am PDT
Jordan and Megan have reportedly been together since the age of 14, when they met at the St Robert of Newminster school in Sunderland.
Engagement rumours have been swirling after the couple spent some time holidaying in Barbados just before the World Cup began. Megan has since been pictured wearing a sizeable ring on her wedding finger - but neither have confirmed the news.
Credit: Getty - Megan has been wearing a big diamond on her wedding finger
Megan posted some enviable pictures on her social media pages of her and Jordan enjoying the tropical paradise.
Barbados is a hotspot for engagements, as England captain Harry Kane got down on bended knee to long-term girlfriend Kate Goodland last year.
Jordan and Megan currently live in Altrincham, near Everton, in order for Jordan to be able to serve his club.
Megan graduated with a 2:1 from the University of Sunderland last year, and, as a self-confssed football fan, has continued to support her beau in his goalkeeping conquests.
Megan recently shared a throwback snap on her Instagram, aged 12, dressed head to toe in a patriotic ensemble.
Bands, Beacons and Bystanders is a new exhibition exploring Orange and loyalist culture by east Belfast artist and photographer George Robb.
The collection of images shows bonfires, marching bands, Twelfth parades and other aspects of celebration associated with the Loyal Orders.
Embrace Studios artist and photographer George premieres this solo exhibition in the Duncairn Centre for Culture & Arts in north Belfast, with the collection going on display from today (Friday October 6).
Robb's photographs, which feature Orange bands, images of the 11th night bonfires and 12th of July parades, are interesting for the ways in which they document the celebratory mood of these events rather than probing their military associations or anti-nationalist agenda, as is sometimes to the fore, creating an at times unjustifiedly negative impression of flute band culture.
Joanna Johnston, visual arts development officer, Arts Council of Northern Ireland, said: “This work stems from Robb's life experiences of living in in east Belfast since the age of six.
“A large part of his upbringing was associated with going to see ‘the bands', the Loyal Orange Order demonstrations, 11th night bonfires and the 1st of July Somme Commemoration Parade on the Beersbridge Road.”
Bands, Beacons, and Bystanders is at the Duncairn Centre for Culture & Arts until October 23.
COMMENT:
Taxpayers' Union Executive Director Jordan Williams claimed in the Herald today that "the average public sector employee earns about a third more than a private sector counterpart".
This claim clearly defies common sense. If you could get a 35 per cent pay rise by taking a public sector job, who would bother with private sector jobs?
Free money like this just doesn't exist. According to the latest round of salary survey by YUDU, analysed by Herald Data Editor Chris Knox, the median annual salary for public sector workers is $57,100 while the median annual salary for private sector workers is $57,900.
Advertisement
In other words, they are more or less the same.
So how did the Taxpayers' Union come up with such a wildly different result? The problem is that they compared all private sector jobs with all public sector jobs.
The private sector contains many low wageworkers, in industries like retail or hospitality, whereas the public sector are mainly salaried professional jobs, often requiring university education. They are comparing apples with oranges.
Williams preempt this by saying "you may be concerned that it's comparing apples and oranges – public servants tend to be more educated, for example... but it doesn't explain why the gap has grown." Drawing from the same data, he claims that the gap between the two has opened up from "18.9 per cent in 1990 to 34.6 per cent in 2017".
Has the gap grown?
This second claim suffers from the same problem, because it doesn't account for the differences in occupation types in the public and private sector. However, we have a great source of data from Statistics New Zealand's Labour Cost Index, which breaks down wage and salary changes by occupation, in both the public and private sectors.
While the data only goes back to 2009, it shows that in every single occupation, public sector salary has grown slower than private sector salary.
Williams' second claim is also untrue.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
NEW YORK (AP) — Movie mogul Harvey Weinstein is on indefinite leave from the company he co-founded while an internal investigation into numerous sexual harassment allegations against him is completed.
The board of directors of The Weinstein Co. said Friday that Weinstein's future with the company depends on his therapeutic progress and the results of the internal investigation.
The announcement came a day after The New York Times reported that Weinstein has over the years reached at least eight legal settlements with women over alleged harassment.
“We believe it is important to learn the full truth regarding the article's very serious accusations, in the interests of the Company, its shareholders and its employees,” the company said.
The statement is signed by four of six remaining board members.
The board named attorney John Kiernan of the firm Debevoise & Plimpton LLP as the head of the internal investigation. It did not give a time frame for when the investigation would be completed.
The statement says it is essential for The Weinstein Co. to have a culture where women can work with respect and without fear of harassment or discrimination.
The New York Times expose chronicled allegations against Weinstein from actress Ashley Judd and former employees at both the Weinstein Co. and Weinstein's former company, Miramax
Leadership of The Weinstein Co. will be assumed by Weinstein's brother, Bob Weinstein, and David Glasser, the company's chief operating officer and president.
The Weinstein Co. board of directors has pressured Weinstein to step down from the company he helped create, said a person familiar with the board's deliberations who was not authorized to speak publicly. Weinstein has resisted, hoping to weather the storm. Discussions between Weinstein and the board have been heated and contentious, the person said.
Weinstein on Thursday issued a lengthy statement that quoted Jay-Z and asked for “a second chance.” He and his lawyers, including Charles J. Harder, have also in statements and interviews criticized the New York York Times' report, though neither has referenced anything specific.
The Weinstein Co. board of directors are composed largely of investors like Tudor Group founder Paul Tudor Jones and WPP Group executive Lance Maerov. Board member Dirk Ziff, a billionaire investor, resigned Thursday.
Messages to Ziff and current board members were not returned Friday.
In an interview with The Associated Press on Friday, Weinstein attorney Lisa Bloom both defended Weinstein and acknowledged he'd been “stupid.” She saluted the women who have come forward to allege wrongdoing but said many allegations were overblown and consisted of Weinstein telling a woman she “looked cute without my glasses.”
Congressional Democrats, including Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer and potential 2020 presidential contender Elizabeth Warren, on Friday began giving charities thousands of dollars in donations they had received from the disgraced Hollywood titan.
Weinstein and his family have given more than $1.4 million in political contributions since the 1992 election cycle, nearly all of it to Democratic lawmakers, candidates and their allies, according to the nonpartisan Center for Responsive Politics.
(© Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
