Our photo from our files this week takes us back to 1969.
These characters were involved in a Young Farmers' Club quiz evening at Caythorpe but does anyone know who they are? Note the fashions and styles of the day!
Were you among those joining in the Young Farmers quiz at Caythorpe in 1969? EMN-181104-140646001
Where would the event have been held?
Currently there are only a handful of clubs remaining in the Sleaford area - Heckington, Harmston and Billinghay, with the organisation keen to revive and boost membership in them, reminding young people that you do not need to be connected to farming to be involved and they offer a wide range of social opportunities and events.
Call 01522 568989 or 07421 004003 or visit: www.lincsyfc.org.uk
After Sri Lanka lost a wicket before they had even scored a run, Dhananjaya de Silva and Kusal Silva wiped 187 runs off Bangladesh's 513 [Read More]
—–
Source: Bangladesh news from Cricinfo
ARLINGTON, Texas (AP) — The mother of a Texas man who was fatally shot by police last year says sheriff's deputies recently turned up at her mother's home and tried to serve a warrant for the dead man's arrest.
Dee Crane told The Associated Press on Wednesday that Tarrant County deputies came to the house in Arlington this month, making her family "hysterical all over again."
Sheriff's office spokesman David McClelland hasn't responded to messages seeking comment.
Twenty-three-year-old Tavis Crane was killed in February 2017. Authorities say he ran over an Arlington police officer while attempting to flee a traffic stop.
Officer Craig Roper entered Crane's car and fatally shot him. Crane's two-year-old daughter and two friends were also in the car. They were not hurt.
A grand jury took no action against Roper.
Restaurant chain, Nando's, is giving away free chicken to A-level students across the UK this week.
“On August 17 anyone picks up their A-Level (or equivalent) results will be able to grab themselves a free quarter chicken or Firestarter* on that day,” a Nando's spokesman confirmed.
Nando's
“Just bring your results papers, ID and spend a minimum of seven pounds in any restaurant across the UK (excluding Scotland) and you will be eligible.
“Don't worry Nando's don't need to see your grades, unless you want to brag about them!”
The deal does not include Wing Roulette or All Together Now and the offer is open to students who are legal residents of the UK with the exception of Scotland.
The offer runs until 17th August 2017 and can only be redeemed once.
For mor information and the terms and conditions visit the Nandos website.
NJPW
Do you love New Japan Pro Wrestling, especially lovable heel (tweener? antihero babyface?) faction Los Ingobernables de Japon? Do you love gimmicky beauty products, especially face masks? First of all, why are we not already best friends??? Second of all, LOOK AT THIS:
That, my friends, is the “BUSHI BEAUTY FACE MASK,” and NOT ONLY the Bushi Beauty Face Mask, but the full “BUSHI En serio BEAUTY SET!”
Speaker Pantaleon Alvarez on Monday gave a sermon to officials of the Philippine Charity Sweepstakes Office (PCSO) for operating the small town lottery (STL) even though this has been used as front for illegal gambling operations.
During the games and amusements committee hearing in the House of Representatives, Alvarez said nowhere in the PCSO charter is there a provision allowing the PCSO to operate STL.
Alvarez said Republic Act 1169 or the PCSO Charter only allows the office to “hold and conduct charity sweepstakes races, lotteries, and other similar activities.”
ADVERTISEMENT
When told by PCSO Legal Department Manager Anna Inciong that the PCSO charter is a special law conferring power on the PCSO to hold charity races, lotteries and other similar activities on a national scale, Alvarez said the office is only using STL operations to justify “jueteng” or the numbers racket.
Philippine news updates, jueteng, Speaker Pantaleon Alvarez
READ: PCSO eyes P30B from STL operations in 2017
“Huwag na tayo magbolahan. Naghahanap lang kayo ng justification para sa jueteng. Kaya nga kontrolado yung mga binibigyan niyo ng partnership,” Alvarez said.
(Let's not fool each other. You're just looking for a justification for jueteng. That's why you control those you grant with partnerships.)
Alvarez said the partnership of PCSO with authorized STL agents is illegal.
“We are telling you that what you are doing is illegal. Congress is the one that gave you your Charter. Saka kami na mismo ang nagsasabi sa inyo na mali yung ginagawa niyo dahil yan ay wala sa charter ninyo (We are telling you now that what you're doing is wrong, because that is not provided in your charter),” Alvarez added.
READ: Hire drug ‘surrenderees' as STL collectors, minority solons urge
He warned that the PCSO could face charges before the Ombudsman for allowing STL operations.
“Dapat itigil niyo yan unless gusto niyo mahabla sa Ombudsman for doing things that you are not authorized,” Alvarez said.
(You should stop that unless you want to be sued before the Ombudsman for doing things that you are not authorized.)
Alvarez said the PCSO charter only allows for national lotteries, not local lotteries at the provincial level.
“Kaya naging local yan to accommodate and legalize the jueteng operators,” Alvarez said.
(That only became local to accommodate and legalize the jueteng operators.)
For his part, PCSO chairperson Jose Corpuz said the STL operations have been in place when he was appointed to the office.
Corpuz said the PCSO charter needed to be amended to allow the PCSO to conduct more games to raise charity funds.
“This is the mandate of PCSO and the marching order was to generate revenue for government for the use of our people. When we got here, there is already STL,” Corpuz said.
Alvarez urged the PCSO to cancel all STL operations in the country if it does not want to face a complaint before the Ombudsman.
“It would be better if you stop and cancel all the contracts issued to STL. Congress will be the complainant against you in the Ombudsman,” Alvarez said.
Corpuz already faces a graft and ethics breach complaint before the Ombudsman for allegedly restricting new applicants from entering the STL business while benefitting the existing STL licensees.
READ: 8 PCSO officials face complaint over expansion of small-town lottery
STL outlets have been suspected of being a front for illegal gambling. Ironically, the PCSO started STL in 1987 to stamp out “jueteng.” Both involved betting on two-number combinations.
In a previous hearing before the games and amusements committee during the 16th Congress, the National Bureau of Investigation bared procedural lapses in the STL operations in at least seven provinces.
READ: NBI bares procedural lapses in small-town lottery operations
The House committee then learned that these STL outlets do not use the point of sales terminals, a machine used to place bets and to forward the receipts to a central database for sales reporting.
This allowed STL operators to underreport their sales, cheating government of revenues from the lotto.
Instead of using the terminals to collect bets, the STL operators allowed the use of papelitos, or small sheets of paper, for betting instead of PCSO-printed tickets, in violation of the implementing rules and regulations governing the STL.
SIERRA MADRE, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--Wound Care Advantage (WCA), in collaboration with internationally renowned podiatric surgeon Dr. David G. Armstrong, the Southwestern Academic Limb Salvage Alliance (SALSA) and Gen1 Research, has launched Advanced Discovery, a new investigative research alliance dedicated to revolutionizing patient care through evidence-based science. Advanced Discovery will offer access to an international network of advanced wound and hyperbaric treatment centers, laying the groundwork for meaningful investigative research. In partnership with approved manufacturers and research facilitators, the Alliance will evaluate a variety of diagnostic and treatment modalities with a unified goal of positively impacting wound healing outcomes while reducing the cost of treatment. Gen1 will provide extensive administrative support and infrastructure for the studies.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006719/en/
Chronic wounds affect approximately 5.7 million patients in the U.S., costing the healthcare system more than $20 billion annually. 1 This burden is growing, due to a rapid increase in diabetes and vascular disease, an aging population, and rising healthcare costs. In fact, the cost of diabetic foot ulcers is greater than that of the five most costly forms of cancer 2 and diabetic foot ulcer patients are twice as costly to U.S. Medicare as those with diabetes alone. 3
By combining WCA and SALSA resources, Advanced Discovery offers wound care product manufacturers a competitive advantage by providing access to extensive de-identified clinical data from a stable pool of participants. Advanced Discovery will harness electronic clinical data collected from more than 42,000 patients and 880,000 wound assessments over the past 16 years; data will also be provided by SALSA, which has affiliations with universities and colleges around the world, including Keck School of Medicine at USC, one of the busiest clinical units in the country with more than 10,000 patient visits per annum.
SALSA is led by Dr. Armstrong, who brings vast experience and knowledge of wound care-specific research to the table. With an intense focus on the diabetic foot, wound healing and amputation prevention, Dr. Armstrong has produced more than 470 peer-reviewed research papers in dozens of scholarly medical journals.
“By collaborating with Dr. Armstrong and partnering with one of the world's leading research teams, Advanced Discovery is poised to make a significant impact on the wound care industry,” said Mike Comer, CEO of Wound Care Advantage. “We're committed to facilitating safe and ethical research, and always focusing on what's best for the patient. As we celebrate our 16 th year, we look forward to the next 16 as we intensify our efforts on revolutionizing wound treatment and giving a better quality of life to our patients.”
“In the past, access to clinical studies and next-generation research was only available to a select few,” said Dr. Armstrong. “We're upending that system and, in doing so, we can heal more patients and help them live better lives.”
For more information about Advanced Discovery, please call Wound Care Advantage at 888-484-3922 or visit www.thewca.com.
About David G. Armstrong, DPM, MD, PhD
Dr. Armstrong is Professor of Surgery and Director of the Southwestern Academic Limb Salvage Alliance (SALSA) at Keck School of Medicine of University of Southern California (USC). He holds a Master of Science in Tissue Repair and Wound Healing from the University of Wales College of Medicine and a PhD from the University of Manchester College of Medicine, where he was appointed Visiting Professor of Medicine. He is founder and co-Director of the Southwestern Academic Limb Salvage Alliance (SALSA). Dr. Armstrong is co-Editor of the American Diabetes Association's (ADA) Clinical Care of the Diabetic Foot, now in its third edition.
About Wound Care Advantage
Founded in 2002 and headquartered in Sierra Madre, California, Wound Care Advantage is a leading provider and manager of outpatient wound care and hyperbaric treatment centers. WCA forms collaborative partnerships with hospitals and medical centers across the country to help them build and manage patient-centered wound care treatment programs. For more information, visit http://www.thewca.com.
About Gen1 Research
Gen1 provides partner organizations with everything needed to execute research, from highly qualified on-site coordinators to proprietary data analytics & research management software. Their experience and data-driven approach facilitates accurate forecasting and delivery of on-time, credible results. For more information, visit www.gen1research.com.
1https://emedicine.medscape.com/article/1298452-overview2https://diabeticfootonline.com/2013/10/11/new-data-diabetic-foot-complications-cost-of-5-most-costly-cancers-in-the-usa/3https://diabeticfootonline.com/2013/11/05/burden-of-diabetic-foot-ulcers-for-medicare-and-private-insurers/
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006719/en/
CONTACT: Wound Care Advantage
Norma Velvikis
Director of Corporate Communications
nvelvikis@thewca.com
888-484-3922 x215
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA CALIFORNIA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: HEALTH BIOTECHNOLOGY CLINICAL TRIALS HOSPITALS OTHER HEALTH RESEARCH DIABETES NURSING SCIENCE GENERAL HEALTH PHYSICAL THERAPY
SOURCE: Wound Care Advantage
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 08:16 PM/DISC: 04/24/2018 08:16 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006719/en
CHARLOTTE, Mich. (AP) — More women and girls are giving victim statements or having them read in a Michigan courtroom in a third sentencing hearing for Larry Nassar, the disgraced former gymnastics doctor who has been convicted of molesting people under the guise of medical treatment.
Nassar, 54, worked at Michigan State University and USA Gymnastics, the governing body that also trains Olympians. He was sentenced last week to 40 to 175 years in prison for assaulting seven people in the Lansing area; more than 150 statements were given in that seven-day hearing. He was sentenced in December to 60 years in federal prison for possessing thousands of images of child pornography.
Here are excerpts of some victims' statements from the hearing that started Wednesday in Charlotte, Michigan, where Nassar pleaded guilty to molesting three gymnasts at an elite club run by an Olympic coach:
___
Jessica Thomashow, 17, said Nassar molested her at ages 9 and 12 when she had rib displacement and a stress fracture in her ankle.
"You took advantage of my innocence and trust. You were my doctor. Why? I ask myself that question all the time. What you did to me was twisted. You manipulated me and my entire family. How dare you?"
She said at Twistars, injured gymnasts were instructed to see Nassar, not their family doctor. She said she wanted to be a sports doctor, but the dream "died" after Nassar's abuse.
Thomashow also testified in the first day of the earlier sentencing hearing. She is a victim in both the Eaton County and Ingham County criminal complaints.
___
Michigan State University student Katherine Ebert said she was a gymnast since the age of 5 and began seeing Nassar when she was 15.
"You are most vile, disgusting creature I have ever met," she told him in court. "There are black holes in my memory that come back as nightmares or flashbacks, not wanting to believe they're true."
___
Annie Labrie was a full-time gymnast through adolescence. She traveled to Twistars gymnastics club, spending 25 hours a week there, not including the hour-and-a-half drive each way. Nassar was her doctor for five years. Said she saw him for a back injury and was treated at Twistars, Michigan State and the basement of his home.
She said his treatments "made my skin crawl. I rejected my intuition anyway because every adult and authority figure around me assured me that this, that competing was the only option."
Labrie said she hid it from her parents, "because in Larry's words, 'They wouldn't understand.'"
"A pedophile cannot flourish in the way Larry did and in an environment that is not conducive to his behavior. ... It is imperative we as society do not view this as an isolated incident."
___
Tiffany Dutton said she was a competitive gymnast from a young age. She suffered back pain around age 12 or 13 and was referred to Nassar by coaches at age 14. She said she was inspired to come forward publicly by the people who appeared at the earlier hearing where Nassar was sentenced last week.
"On this day, I've decided to fully relinquish my anonymity as a symbol to myself that there is absolutely nothing I have to be ashamed or afraid of," she said. "Due to the bravery and courage of the many women who appeared in Ingham County to face our predator, I am no longer fearful. To all of them I will be ever grateful."
"It takes a monster to sexually assault a child. But it takes a monster backed by ego, experience and power — fueled by multiple institutions — to sexually assault a child in front of their own mother. It was uncomfortable and terrifying. But who was I to question the treatment that was supposed to heal me?"
Nassar's accusers have said that he would sometimes molest them even with their parents in the room and would use his body or a sheet to block their view.
John Elway fails to qualify for US Senior Open John Elway, current general manager and vice president of football operations of the Denver Broncos, reacts to his tee shot off the first hole as he competes in the U.S. Senior Open Qualifier at the Broadmoor East Golf Course, Monday, May 28, 2018, in Colorado Springs, Colo. (Dougal Brownlie/The Gazette via AP)
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo. (AP) -- John Elway will still be a part of the 2018 U.S. Senior Open . He just won't be playing alongside the likes of defending champion Kenny Perry.
The Broadmoor's notoriously knotty east course got the best of Elway in his Memorial Day attempt to qualify for the 39th Open championship, where he'll serve as the tournament's honorary chairman next month.
Playing Monday for one of two qualifying spots, Elway, who is a 1.4-handicap golfer, shot a 10-over 80 on a drizzly and cool afternoon on the dazzling but demanding course. That left him tied for 18th.
Elway acknowledged that pulling double duty at the Open next month was a pipe dream but cherished his round nonetheless.
''I haven't been playing very well. I haven't been playing much, either,'' Elway said. ''But it was fun to be out here and compete. It's a lot of work in that rough.''
Elway remained upbeat even after bogeying two of his last three holes following a 75-minute rain and lightning delay.
''It's good for me to play in these conditions,'' he reasoned. ''It makes me a better player.''
Elway started off strong but a double-bogey on the ninth hole sent him sliding down the leaderboard, where only one golfer broke par - Doug Rohrbaugh, an instructor at Snowmass, Colorado, shot a 1-under 69 to qualify for his fourth Open. Rohrbaugh also has NFL bloodlines: His uncle, John Meyers, was a defensive tackle for the Cowboys and Eagles in the 1960s.
Chris Johnson, of Castle Rock, Colorado, was the other qualifier, shooting a 2-over 72.
Elway's long-shot hopes began to fade when he put a ball into the water and then missed a short putt on No. 9.
''I was actually playing probably as good as I can play," Elway said .
His goal, he said, was to break 80, but the delay didn't do him any favors.
''Bad finish,'' he lamented.
Story Continues
The hour and 15-minute delay wasn't ideal for a man who celebrates his 58th birthday when the Open begins on June 28.
''I'm afraid to sit down, I'll get too stiff,'' Elway said as he signed golf balls and some of the No. 7 jerseys that dotted the 200 or so members of his gallery during the weather delay.
This marked just the fourth time the championship course also served as a sectional qualifying site.
Elway, who won two Super Bowls during his Hall of Fame playing career and another as the Denver Broncos' general manager, took up golf during the springs of playing career and refined his game after retiring in 1999. But he hasn't had as much time to work on his game since moving into the Broncos' front office in 2010.
His golf resume includes two Colorado Senior Open appearances, and he is past president of Cherry Hills Country Club in Denver.
With its always unnerving setups, the Open is already considered the toughest challenge in senior golf. Add in the nearly 6,500-foot altitude and the unforgiving rough and ''it's not going to be a birdie fest,'' Perry, the defending champ, said after getting in a practice round on the east course three weeks ago.
''It tests the player in every facet of this game. I think it's going to be a great championship. It's going to be tough and you're going to see a lot of guys struggling out there,'' Perry said.
Perry said during a recent visit to Broncos headquarters that Elway had his work cut out for him going from front office to the fairways.
''That course is going to test him mentally. He's been in the draft room getting ready for the season. He hasn't been practicing or preparing,'' Perry said. ''Just like anything you do, if you don't practice or prepare, it's hard to be successful.''
''He's right, it's difficult,'' Elway said. ''But like I said, it's always fun for me to get to play in these conditions. Plus, when you play these, you realize how good those guys are.''
---
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP-NFL
---
Follow Arnie Melendrez Stapleton on Twitter: http://twitter.com/arniestapleton
Dr. Victor S. Sierpina is the WD and Laura Nell Nicholson Family Professor of Integrative Medicine and Professor of Family Medicine at UTMB.
A burst water pipe in a village near Sleaford affected properties in several surrounding communities as well.
Anglian Water reported that homes in Osborn Way, Christopher Close and Godson Avenue in Heckington were without water from early in the morning on Saturday after the leak.
This had a knock on effect of low pressure in surrounding villages will engineer worked to fix the leak.
An Anglian Water spokesperson said: “We are really sorry customers in Heckington, Asgarby, Ruskington, Kirkby La Thorpe and surrounding areas may have experienced very low water pressure or no water at all on Saturday.
“We were alerted to a burst water pipe that morning and our engineers worked as quickly as possible in cold conditions to repair the damaged section of pipe. The repair was completed early that afternoon.”
The service was back on by 3pm.
Welcome back yak fans. Thank goodness spring is about to begin. I've had more ups and downs fishing this winter than a roller coaster ride. But, having said that, I have to think back and realize that I've also had at least one day for the personal record book (that day with the 14 snook). Lately, the bite has been good though clearly cursed. What I'm rambling about is that with the super-clear water we've had lately, I've literally sat in the middle of 150+ reds in about 4 different schools swimming around me and couldn't catch a cold! This, to say the least, is FRUSTRATING. There are several reasons for this as follows; a. they get spooky in clear shallow waters; b. if you can see them, they can see you; c. they keep shutting down due to all the fronts; and d. they just want to be a pain in the butt and drive me crazy. But, for every problem, there is a solution and the solution is dirt. Once you get back into the dirty, cloudy, dark waters, the bite is turned on . That means, back in the creek mouths and in the basins at the turns, incoming tides seem to be the best; but, both ends have been producing some nice fish. This pattern seems to be holding as my latest report (actually received as I sat working on this month's tale) was from my buddy Lew who, while fishing in some of my favorite spots, proceeded to continually call with updates. By the time he got to 20 reds, I told him to quit calling me! By the end of the day, he caught 35 reds while I sat at a desk–there ain't no justice. I'll let him live, though, because a good fishing buddy is hard to break in. Later in the day, his frustration gave me a warm feeling of satisfaction–I mean, come on, he's not supposed to catch fish when I'm not there, right? Moving on to the trout bite, as you will hear in the other reports, is turning on nicely. Your best bet is something under a cork or on a jig head. Gulp shrimp, gold bream little johns, and shrimp are bringing in upper and over slot fish. That's it this month. Lew finally quit calling, and I'm going to load up my yak. Tomorrow is my turn. Lew has to work and I can't wait to call him. ‘Til next time , Bruce
Antony Perry
5 October 2017: Nicholas Ivey credits his decision to study abroad two years ago with changing his entire career outlook and hopes to help students access similar opportunities through his new role as the University of Canberra's New Colombo Plan (NCP) Alumni Ambassador.
The NCP Alumni Ambassador initiative is designed to bolster the federal government-funded New Colombo Plan program, which is designed to lift knowledge of the Indo-Pacific by supporting undergraduate students to study and undertake internships in the region.
The University was awarded $1.3 million in funding in August to support more than 400 students across 11 programs in 2018.
Mr Ivey, who graduated from the University last month with a Bachelor of Commerce, spent three weeks in China in 2015 as part of a faculty-led study trip, funded under the NCP.
The trip saw students learn from prominent business identities as well as visit cultural sites. Mr Ivey said going inside the Shanghai Stock Exchange was a highlight.
He said seeing first-hand how business is conducted in a foreign country changed his career focus.
“The experience changed the pathway of my education and shifted my focus from financial planning to international business,” Mr Ivey said.
“I returned to Canberra and geared my entire degree towards Asia. The trip was the catalyst for me seeking out and completing a semester exchange program in Hong Kong through the University's Study Abroad office.
“The experience changed my entire perspective of the degree and my education, and my career is now focused internationally rather than locally and domestically.”
Mr Ivey is now putting his passion into practice working in the University's Study Abroad office.
Almost 400 current and former students at the University have participated in study trips funded under the NCP since the program began in 2014, while 17,000 students nationwide have studied abroad.
Mr Ivey has been an unofficial ambassador of the program since he travelled to China – such is his enthusiasm for the power of travel and education. He has jumped at opportunities to speak at events and promote the program in an unofficial capacity since 2015.
Mr Ivey said he was excited to begin his new formal role.
“In this role I want to tell the stories of students who participate in New Colombo Plan-funded programs by following their journeys from inception to completion. There are so many benefits to studying abroad and I was to share those messages with the masses.”
The program will run as a pilot in 2018, with each of Australia's 39 universities appointing an ambassador to spruik their offerings.
“The University has an incredible Study Abroad office which makes all of these programs possible,” Mr Ivey said. “There are so many pathways and opportunities available and I can't wait to help others explore them.”
Education Secretary Leonor Briones has expressed support for the efforts of a youth group to teach the younger generation of the perils of illegal drugs in a way that they can clearly comprehend—comic book anime format.
The anti-drugs comics entitled “Ang Estudyante—Umayaw at Nagwagi ng Magandang Kinabukasan,” are being distributed to public school students in order to deliver the government's anti-drugs message that can also target the interests of the younger generation.
Briones lauded the Young Filipino Christian Students Anti-Drug Movement for teaching the children about the dangerous effects of illegal drug abuse not just to themselves but also to their families and to the society in general.
ADVERTISEMENT
The secretary of the Department of Education (DepEd) said this form of information drive is necessary to educate the students of the ill-effects of illegal drugs to people and their surroundings.
Briones' message of support was included in a note printed on “Ang Estudyante—Umayaw at Nagwagi ng Magandang Kinabukasan,” which was conceptualized by Edgar Movido, founder of the movement.
“Exposing children to the anti-drugs materials would better equip them to make the right decisions for themselves so that they are not influenced or misled by those involved in illegal drugs,” Briones said in a statement.
She also cited the important role of parents and teachers in inculcating the proper values and supporting the productive endeavors of the young to distract them from the influence of illegal drugs.
Movido said the comic-magazine aims to promote awareness among our children about the perils of illegal drugs and the role of DepEd is crucial to the upbringing of our children.
The anti-illegal drug group is initially donating 10,000 copies of the comics to be distributed in public elementary and secondary schools in Metro Manila.
Movido also called on the help of local government units to support the information campaign so it can also be distributed for free in the provinces.
Last year, Briones ordered the inclusion of anti-illegal drug education in schools nationwide through the National Drug Education Program, in support of the government's campaign against illegal narcotics. /jpv
Orlando police say they foiled a suspected kidnapping attempt of singer Lana del Rey during her Friday concert.
Michael Hunt, 43, of Riverview, Florida, according to an arrest affidavit, has an extensive criminal history and allegedly posted a series of "social media threats to Elizabeth Woolridge Grant" before her scheduled performance at the Amway Arena, where thousands of fans attended.
ARRESTED: Michael Hunt, for aggravated stalking & attempted kidnapping w/a weapon. After receiving a tip we deemed a credible threat, OPD got to him before he could get near singer Lana Del Rey last night at her show at Amway Center. pic.twitter.com/twVrOSxNqF — Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) February 3, 2018
Police said in a tweet that working off information provided by a tipster, they "took investigative measures to locate Hunt" and managed to spot and capture him on Friday evening.
He was "approximately 200-feet from Amway Arena," where the police in the affidavit say only days before he had allegedly lodged threats on a social media account against the singer, whose real name is Elizabeth Grant.
The heavily redacted affidavit, dated Feb. 1, suggests that Hunt published "different posts" from Jan. 29 to Feb. 2, and as a result "victim Elizabeth Grant was in fear for her safety."
The affidavit also states that there "is a concern for public safety and Elizabeth Grant to due to comments made by Michael Hunt [sic] was considered to be self-destructive tendencies."
When they searched him, they said Hunt had Lana del Rey concert tickets and, according to the affidavit, he pulled a 3-inch blade folding knife that the man allegedly possessed.
Hunt, according to the affidavit, has a long criminal past with as many as "61 felony convictions from drugs to violent crimes."
After Hunt was read his Miranda Rights, the affidavit states, he was interviewed by cops and they determined that he "did so threat to confine and/or imprison victim Grant against her will and without lawful authority."
Hunt was then charged with aggravated stalking with a credible threat and attempted kidnapping with a weapon, according to an Orlando Police Department statement.
OPD Media release on arrest of Michael Hunt, 43, who stalked, made threats against singer Lana Del Rey. Working off a tip,OPD Officers were able to stop Hunt, who was armed with a knife, before he could get to the Amway Center. pic.twitter.com/mOsfGEwJIO — Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) February 4, 2018
Hunt is being held without bail in the Orange County Jail, authorities confirmed.
Attempts by ABC News' reach del Rey for comment were not immediately returned.
ABC News' Rex Sakamoto contributed to this report.
NEW YORK (AP) — Brook Lopez scored 19 points in his return to Brooklyn, making the Lakers' final basket with 1:28 left to help Los Angeles hold on for a 102-99 victory over the Nets on Friday night.
The Nets' career leader in scoring and blocked shots also had a big block down the stretch as the Lakers did just enough to avoid a third straight loss.
Julius Randle had 19 points and 12 rebounds, and Brandon Ingram added 16 points, 10 assists and eight rebounds for the Lakers. Josh Hart finished with 15 points and 14 rebounds, helping Los Angeles to a 56-38 advantage on the boards.
Spencer Dinwiddie had 23 points, nine assists and seven rebounds for the Nets. Rookie Jarrett Allen, playing the center spot Lopez occupied for nine seasons in New Jersey and later Brooklyn before getting dealt to Los Angeles in the trade that brought D'Angelo Russell to Brooklyn, had a season-best 20 points.
Allen was 6 for 6 for 16 points in the first half, but Lopez answered with 12 points in the third quarter, going 5 for 5 from the field with a pair of 3-pointers to send the teams to the fourth tied at 85.
The Lakers shut the Nets out for more than five minutes while scoring 11 straight to open a 96-87 lead, but then went cold as the Nets pulled to 99-97. Neither team scored for more than a minute until Lopez made it a four-point game, and the Nets couldn't get a tying 3-pointer after Randle made a free throw with 8.9 seconds left.
TIP-INS
Lakers: The Nets played a video tribute for Lopez between the first and second quarters. … Kyle Kuzma was drafted with the No. 27 pick, which the Lakers acquired from the Nets in the Lopez-Russell trade. … The Lakers attended the musical “Hamilton” on Broadway on Thursday night.
Nets: James Webb III made a 3-pointer in the first half for his first NBA points. The Nets said he was the first Boise State alum to score in the NBA since Coby Karl in 2007-08. … Russell finished with 15 points off the bench.
DUNKING LIKE DAD
With Larry Nance Jr. chosen Thursday for the Slam Dunk Contest during All-Star weekend, he'll have a chance to follow in his father's footsteps — or flight path. Larry Nance was an NBA high flyer who won the inaugural event in 1984 in Phoenix.
“His dad was obviously one of the all-time best and now he's got a chance to go and show what he can do,” Lakers coach Luke Walton said.
Walton also followed his father, Hall of Famer Bill Walton, to the NBA.
“Larry's obviously living his own career, he's doing his own thing, but there's something special when you get to do what your father did,” Walton added.
LIN'S INJURY
Jeremy Lin has been rehabbing in Vancouver after rupturing his right patellar tendon in the Nets' season opener. He declined to offer much specific about his treatment, but is working to not only heal the knee but also build up other parts of his body so he can come back quicker and stronger.
“To have a year off is really, how can I best maximize this time and also to put myself in a position where I'm not in this position again,” Lin said. “I mean this is sports so nothing's guaranteed, but just addressing a lot of muscle and balances, movement, deficiencies, all these different things.”
UP NEXT
Lakers: Visit Oklahoma City on Sunday.
Nets: Host Milwaukee on Sunday.
(© Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Tourists coming to gamble and party on the Strip will soon find something other than bright lights welcoming them to "Fabulous Las Vegas."
Billboards will serve as a stark reminder that investigators remain stumped about what drove a gunman to mow down concertgoers from a perch in a high-rise casino hotel last Sunday.
"We still do not have a clear motive or reason why," a frustrated Clark County Undersheriff Kevin McMahill said Friday. "We have looked at literally everything."
Investigators have chased 1,000 leads and examined Stephen Paddock's politics, his finances, any possible radicalization and his social behavior — typical investigative avenues that have helped uncover the motive in past shootings.
"We have been down each and every one of these paths," McMahill said. "We all want answers."
The FBI announced that billboards would go up around the city asking anyone with information to dial 800-CALL-FBI.
"If you know something, say something," said Aaron Rouse, agent in charge of the Las Vegas FBI office. "We will not stop until we have the truth."
Paddock, a reclusive 64-year-old high-stakes gambler, rained bullets on the crowd at a country music festival from his 32nd-floor hotel suite, killing 58 and wounding hundreds before taking his own life.
McMahill said investigators had reviewed voluminous video from the casino and don't think Paddock had an accomplice in the shooting, but they want to know if anyone knew about his plot beforehand.
In their effort to find any hint of his motive, investigators were looking into whether he was with a prostitute days before the shooting, were scrutinizing cruises he took and were trying to make sense of a cryptic note with numbers jotted on it found in his hotel room, a federal official said.
The U.S. official briefed by federal law enforcement officers wasn't authorized to discuss the matter publicly and spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity.
The official said investigators were interviewing other call girls for information and looking into at least a dozen cruises Paddock took in the last few years, including one to the Middle East.
It is unusual to have so few clues five days after a mass shooting. McMahill noted that in past mass killings or terrorist attacks, killers left notes, social media postings and information on a computer, or even phoned police.
"The lack of a social media footprint is likely intentional," said Erroll Southers, director of homegrown violent extremism studies at the University of Southern California. "We're so used to, in the first 24 to 48 hours, being able to review social media posts. If they don't leave us a note behind or a manifesto behind, and we're not seeing that, that's what's making this longer."
What officers have found is that Paddock planned his attack meticulously.
He requested an upper-floor room overlooking the festival, stockpiled 23 guns, a dozen of them modified to fire continuously like an automatic weapon, and set up cameras inside and outside his room to watch for approaching officers.
In a possible sign he was contemplating massacres at other sites, he also booked rooms overlooking the Lollapalooza festival in Chicago in August and the Life Is Beautiful show near the Vegas Strip in late September, according to authorities reconstructing his movements leading up to the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history.
His arsenal also included tracer rounds that can improve a shooter's firing accuracy in the dark, a law enforcement official told the AP. It wasn't clear whether Paddock fired any of the illuminated bullets during the massacre.
Paddock bought 1,000 rounds of the .308-caliber and .223-caliber tracer ammunition from a private buyer he met at a Phoenix gun show, a law enforcement official not authorized to comment on the investigation said on condition of anonymity.
Tracer rounds illuminate their path so a gunman can home in on targets at night. But they can also give away the shooter's position.
Video shot of the pandemonium that erupted when Paddock started strafing the festival showed a muzzle flash from his room at the Mandalay Bay resort, but bullets weren't visible in the night sky.
McMahill said investigators are looking into Paddock's mental health and any medications he was on.
His girlfriend, Marilou Danley, told FBI agents Wednesday that she had not noticed any changes in his mental state or seen indications he could become violent, according to a federal official who wasn't authorized to discuss the matter publicly and spoke to the AP on condition of anonymity.
Danley said she was unaware of any plans Paddock had when he sent her overseas to see family in her native Philippines. She was out of the country at the time of the attacks and has been labeled a "person of interest," though she's not in custody and is cooperating with authorities.
Because so few people knew Paddock well, investigators will have a harder time probing his background for clues or hints he may have dropped about his plans, Southers said.
There's "no one to say who's he mad at, what his motive is," Southers said. "The key to this case right now is the girlfriend."
———
Melley reported from Los Angeles. Associated Press writers Ken Ritter, Regina Garcia Cano and Josh Hoffner in Las Vegas; Jacques Billeaud in Phoenix; and Don Babwin and Michael Tarm in Chicago contributed to this report.
———
For complete coverage of the Las Vegas shooting, click here: https://apnews.com/tag/LasVegasmassshooting.
Kyrie Irving scored 37 points, Kevin Love added 27 and the Cleveland Cavaliers avoided another fourth-quarter collapse in Game 2, beating the Indiana Pacers 117-111 on Monday night to take a 2-0 lead in the series.
After squeaking out the opener by a point, LeBron James and Co. showed more intensity on defense, more swagger in general and won their 10th straight first-round game over the past three seasons.
However, they nearly blew an 18-point lead in the fourth as the Pacers got within four before Cleveland closed it out at the line.
James added 10 rebounds and seven assists, but had eight of Cleveland's 19 turnovers.
Game 3 is Thursday night.
Paul George scored 32 and Jeff Teague 23 for Indiana, which showed more fight, but now has a steep hill to climb to get back in the series. Cleveland is 12-0 when starting 2-0 in the postseason.
The Cavs vowed they would play better after their near-disaster in Game 1 and they backed up their talk, delivering the kind of performance that was routine last season but very rare in 2017.
Love scored 10 straight and drew a charging foul on Lance Stephenson in a span of two minutes as the Cavs opened an 89-70 lead. Irving closed the quarter by draining a 3-pointer over Stephenson and the All-Star made sure Indiana's antagonizing guard knew about it, yapping in his direction long after the horn sounded.
The Cavs still led 109-91 with 6:09 left, but the Pacers ripped off 13 straight points and were within 113-109 when George hit a 3-pointer with 20 seconds left.
It continued a disturbing trend for the Cavs, who have been giving up late, big leads with regularity.
The other hitch for Cleveland was that starting guard J.R. Smith didn't play in the second half because of a left hamstring injury. Iman Shumpert, who sat the opener, replaced Smith and played 20 solid minutes.
Despite losing the opener, Pacers coach Nate McMillian insisted his team hadn't lost any confidence.
"We believe," he said. "We came in believing, we still believe."
It just got a lot harder.
TIP-INS
Pacers: Glenn Robinson III returned after missing the past 12 games with a strained left calf. He scored four in nine minutes. ... C Al Jefferson was active, but didn't play. He's been out since March 26 with a sprained left ankle. ... George has made at least one 3-pointer in 19 consecutive playoff games. ... McMillan said the team was told by security officials to stay in their hotel Sunday night while Cleveland police searched for a suspected killer, who randomly murdered an elderly man while posting the shooting on Facebook. ... Indiana is 0-9 when dropping the first two games in a series.
Cavaliers: James (357) jumped Magic Johnson (358) for third place in career playoff steals and hopped Robert Parish for eighth in rebounds. ... A moment of silence was observed for Robert Godwin Sr., the 73-year-old tragically gunned down by the Facebook assailant. ... Stephenson had a strong workout with Cleveland in January before latching on with Indiana, but coach Tyronn Lue said his recent injury issues — groin surgery and an Achilles issue — dissuaded the Cavs from signing him. ... James has scored at least 30 points with 10 assists in 13 career playoff games, trailing only Jerry West (14) and Michael Jordan (15).
UP NEXT
After two days off, the series resumes in Indianapolis on Thursday. The Pacers went 29-19 at home during the regular season.
———
More NBA basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
FILE - In this Aug. 9, 2017, file photo, Washington Nationals pitcher Stephen Strasburg throws from the mound during a simulated baseball game, at Nationals Park in Washington. Strasburg has been on the disabled list with a nerve impingement in his right elbow since July 27, 2017. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster, File)
WOODBRIDGE, Va. (AP) — Stephen Strasburg didn't think he needed to go on a rehab start, so he made quick work of his brief trip to the minors.
The Washington Nationals right-hander struck out five and allowed three hits and one walk in a rehab appearance for Class A Potomac on Monday night. Facing the Salem Red Sox, Strasburg showcased good command of his fastball and good movement on his curveball as he allowed one earned run.
Strasburg threw 64 pitches, plus a few more in the bullpen to get up to the 75 the team had prescribed. Afterward, the 29-year-old sounded like he was eager to get back into major league action.
"I feel like I was ready to come back before this, but they wanted to be conservative, so hopefully this is enough," Strasburg said.
With a big lead in the NL East and the playoffs in mind, the Nationals have the ability to be conservative with Strasburg and several other injured players. They placed MVP candidate Bryce Harper on the 10-day disabled list Sunday with what general manager Mike Rizzo called a "significant" bone bruise in his left knee.
"We have a pretty sufficient lead in August," Harper said. "Of course that doesn't mean anything until you get there. But it does help out the fact that I can sit out a little bit and let it heal and let it rest and get to where I need to be."
Strasburg has been on the disabled list with a nerve impingement in his right elbow since July 27. He left two innings into his last start on July 23 at Arizona and has been working to get back since.
He said he felt good during a simulated game at Nationals Park last week and came out of the rehab start with the same feelings.
"I felt good," Strasburg said. "No issues. Felt strong throughout."
Strasburg said his plan was, "Go through my pitches, try and hit my spots." A double was the only ball hit hard off the starter who signed a $175 million, seven-year contract last year.
Last season the Nationals didn't have Strasburg in the playoffs because of injury and hope that's different this time around. In 2017 he's 10-3 with a 3.25 ERA and 141 strikeouts in 20 games.
If Strasburg cites no further issues coming out of his minor league start, he could be in line to pitch this weekend in his hometown of San Diego against the Padres.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
House Democrats, frustrated by what they see as GOP inaction and with an eye on midterm elections, on Tuesday held the first of what they hope to be several interviews with witnesses who have not been interrogated in the Republican-led Russia investigations.
Democrats on the House Judiciary and Oversight and Government Reform committees interviewed former Cambridge Analytica employee Christopher Wylie, who revealed that a data-mining firm affiliated with President Donald Trump's campaign gathered millions of Facebook profiles to influence elections.
Wylie's visit is part of a Democratic attempt to keep congressional focus on Russian meddling in the 2016 election and on whether Trump's campaign was involved. Democrats on the House Intelligence Committee plan to meet with Wylie on Wednesday. Republicans were invited to both meetings but declined to attend.
It was unclear if there were any new revelations in Tuesday's meeting, which lasted less than three hours and was attended by a handful of lawmakers. The Democrats said they would like to hold additional interviews, but it was unclear if any were scheduled.
At least one House Democrat who attended signaled a larger strategy was at play.
"The Republicans aren't always going to be in the majority," said Rep. Raja Krishnamoorthi of Illinois, a member of the Oversight panel, after he left the interview with Wylie. "So I think we have to do our due diligence, we have to lay the groundwork for what we would actually want to do if we take back the House and we are operating in the majority in the committee."
The GOP-led House Intelligence Committee shut down its Russian meddling probe last month, concluding after dozens of interviews that they didn't see any evidence of collusion or coordination between Trump's campaign and Russia. Democrats were furious, arguing that Republicans hadn't subpoenaed many witnesses they considered essential. The Republican chairmen of the Judiciary and Oversight panels declined to investigate the election meddling at all, saying they would instead leave that to special counsel Robert Mueller.
Still, Republicans on all three committees are investigating the Justice Department, looking into whether employees conspired against Trump in beginning its Russia investigation and whether the department's employees were biased in its investigation of Trump's 2016 opponent, Democrat Hillary Clinton.
In a joint statement after the Wylie interview, Democrats on the Judiciary and Oversight committees said he raised serious questions about security.
"We must do more to learn how foreign actors collect and weaponize our data against us, and what impact social media has on our democratic processes," the lawmakers said in a joint statement.
Wylie worked for the U.K.-based Cambridge Analytica from 2013 to 2015. In several interviews last month, he said the firm sought information on Facebook to build psychological profiles on a large portion of the U.S. electorate. He said the company was able to amass the database quickly with the help of an academic, Aleksander Kogan, who developed a Facebook app called "This is Your Digital Life" that appeared to be a personality test. Wylie has said he fears that data may have been turned over to Russians who aimed to interfere with the U.S. election.
Cambridge Analytica was backed by the conservative billionaire Robert Mercer, a hedge-fund manager who supported the Trump campaign. The firm's vice president at one point was Steve Bannon, who later became Trump's campaign chairman and White House adviser.
Leaving the interview, Wylie declined to say what was discussed but said he hopes that Congress can investigate Cambridge Analytica and whether the firm's "actions were compliant with American law."
"I hope so," he said. "That's why I came."
Welland's Rose Festival will look to former stronger partnerships with community organizations, increase the use of city-owned facilities, have a more inclusive parade route and include a mayor's picnic during Days in the park are just some of the ideas council will hear Tuesday night.
The Rose Festival's Grant Grice, vice-president and Erica Olsson, second vice-president, will talk about the 2018 plans at the committee meeting and give a rundown of 2017's event.
During the presentation, the two will present council with potential new events.
Those new events could include a bed race, cardboard boat regatta, skateboard/BMX event and Run for the Roses.
The proposed bed is a variation of the Welland Fireman's Parade bed race from the past, and is based on a world famous annual event from England, their presentation said. While the Run for the Roses would be a revival of a popular past Rose Festival event that has not been seen in recent years.
“Cardboard boat regattas are extremely popular globally. The Rose Festival had one cardboard kayak race organized by former Rose Festival president Wally Mole, and we are hoping to stage this 2018 event in Wally's memory,” their presentation said.
Groups the Rose Festival will look at approaching for stronger partnerships include the Seaway Mall, Niagara College and 91.7 Giant FM.
Existing events for next year's event include a media launch, art exhibit, coronation ball, days in the park, baby show, children's fishing derby, street dance and grande parade.
During their presentation, the pair will talk about 2017's Rose Festival, which saw 50 people in attendance for the medial launch, and the art exhibition take place at the Seaway Mall, which sponsored the show along with Patti's Place.
The coronation ball, held at the Riverstone Event Centre, saw 200 people come out for the crowning of the Rose Queen and her royal court. There's no mention of where 2018's event will take place as Riverstone Event Centre was sold and is now a church.
Days in the park, the two said in their report, saw more than 5,000 people attend Chippawa Park over two days, with food and craft vendors throughout the park, and things like pony rides, inflatables and face painting taking place.
The committee meeting gets underway at 7 p.m. in council chambers at city hall, 60 East Main St., Welland.
“Nic's one of those kids that we never had a doubt that he was going to live, eat, sleep, and breathe football.”
North Surry defensive coordinator Jordon Tucker had no trouble praising North Surry's most recent college signee, Nic Rodriguez.
“He's special to me because there are few kids that had it as hard as him from a coach,” Tucker said. “I expected a lot of him. Going into games, I pretty much expected him to know everything I knew.”
Rodriguez's hard work paid off when he signed his National Letter of Intent to play college football with Catawba College in the fall. Nic joined the Greyhounds four years ago, but the genesis of his journey with head coach Danny Lyons came long before high school.
Lyons spoke of a free camp held in Flat Rock held by the school six years ago. Rodriguez was one of only two players to take part in the camp. Lyons joked that he got to play every position that day.
Even back then, Lyons said there was something different about Nic. He was football savvy beyond his years and could do a little bit of everything.
“He's a kid that took every ounce of what God gave him and maximized it, at least in his high school career,” Lyons said. “My hope and prayer for him is that he maximizes it in his college career.”
“That's not just on the football field,” Lyons continued. “That's in the classroom and that's doing things right off the field.”
Rodriguez found his footing with the Hounds as a sophomore. A growth spurt and subsequent time spent in the weight room led to more playing time on North Surry's defense. Between his sophomore and junior years, Tucker said something just clicked with Rodriguez. He just got better and better on his way to becoming a team leader.
“Every time we got harder on Nic, he got better,” Tucker said. “If I asked him to do anything, whether for me, the team, or himself, he always did it. You don't get to coach a lot of kids like that.”
The rest of the Western Piedmont 2A Athletic Conference soon found out what the coaches already knew: Nic Rodriguez was a big-time player.
Rodriguez finished with more than 230 tackles between his junior and senior years. He finished second in total tackles on the Greyhounds both years while leading the team in assisted tackles.
In 2016, Rodriguez finished one tackle behind the team's leading tackler, Casey Hull, and just two tackles behind the top tackler in the conference. Rodriguez finished fourth in the conference in tackles as a senior, just six behind team leader Avery Simmons.
Tucker called Rodriguez's tackle count, “unbelievable.” Nic finished runner-up for Defensive Player of the Year in the WPAC.
When reminiscing of his time as a Greyhound, Rodriguez spoke more about his time playing with his teammates rather than his individual accomplishments.
“It was great being out there with all my family members and playing ball, just having fun,” Rodriguez said.
As for the future, Rodriguez is more than ready to suit up for the Indians.
“[I'm looking forward to] getting back out on the field,” Rodriguez said. “It feels like home playing out there.”
Nic Rodriguez poses with family and coaches before signing his National Letter of Intent Monday afternoon. https://www.mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/web1_DSC_0794.jpg Nic Rodriguez poses with family and coaches before signing his National Letter of Intent Monday afternoon. Cory Smith | The News Nic Rodriguez was a pivotal part of the record-setting 2017-2018 Greyhounds that won the WPAC for the first time in almost two decades. https://www.mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/web1_DSC_0812a.jpg Nic Rodriguez was a pivotal part of the record-setting 2017-2018 Greyhounds that won the WPAC for the first time in almost two decades. Cory Smith | The News Nic Rodriguez (5) escapes from a block and goes after a Walkertown running back in a game from the 2017 season. Rodriguez was one of the Greyhounds' top defenders in a record-setting 10-win season that included the school's first conference title since 2000. https://www.mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/web1_DSC_0543.jpg Nic Rodriguez (5) escapes from a block and goes after a Walkertown running back in a game from the 2017 season. Rodriguez was one of the Greyhounds' top defenders in a record-setting 10-win season that included the school's first conference title since 2000. John Cate | The News
Linebacker Nic Rodriguez signed his National Letter of Intent to Catawba College Monday
By Cory Smith csmith@mtairynews.com
Reach Cory on Twitter @MrCoryLeeSmith
Reach Cory on Twitter @MrCoryLeeSmith
The Buffalo & Erie County Botanical Gardens in South Park are one of the area's most visible environmental and historical sites. It received a stamp of approval last week when garden writers from across the country visited during their annual meeting here. However, the cultural center is facing serious long-term sustainability challenges.
Erie County bought the complex from the City of Buffalo in 1981, when years of neglect and city financial problems left it in danger of being demolished. Botanical Gardens President and CEO David Swarts said the facility is now on sound footing, but looking ahead.
"The collection itself, while it's fantastic and improving all the time, is not sufficient to bring in significant numbers of people to maintain the financial sustainability of this structure into the future," Swarts said. "So we have to take a look at: What can we do better? We've looked at other botanical gardens around the country and they were faced with similar kinds of challenges and we're moving forward."
The county just put almost $4 million into renovation of two of the glass houses to allow for new exhibits. One now houses aquatic gardens, while the other an Asian rainforest. However, Swarts said more needs to be done.
"Working very closely with the County of Erie, of course, houses two and three were completed and opened to the public in January and now we put together some money through grants and so on and so forth, through the county," Swarts said. "We're looking to do some major maintenance, particularly on the Palm Dome, the entrance to the Palm Dome. Some of the glass and other areas need to be addressed."
He said inside exhibits reflect the botanical gardens' future.
"It's a two-path system," Swarts said. "It gives us a lot of flexibility. So if you go in there, you will see plantings that our docents can use to educate the public, children that we bring in here on our educational programs and there's also a pleasure, sensory kind of experience."
Swarts said the South Buffalo landmark needs to figure out its place within the horticultural field and what specialties will attract visitors over the long haul. He compares the challenge to other major botanical gardens, such as in Pittsburgh. Its centerpiece is ecology and sustainability, like recapturing all of the water on its grounds for re-use, reminding people that plants and their growth keep us all going.
CLEVELAND (CBSNewYork/AP) — Jacoby Ellsbury will serve as New York's designated hitter in Game 2 of the AL Division Series against the Indians.
Yankees manager Joe Girardi is going with Ellsbury over Chase Headley because of his success in the past against Cleveland ace Corey Kluber. Ellsbury has batted .263 (5-for-19) in his career against Kluber, who went 2-0 with a 1.59 ERA in two starts against New York this season. Headley is just 1-for-14 against Kluber.
Game 2 at 5pm on @MLBNetwork. WE. WON'T. QUIT. pic.twitter.com/sqVfLuyDtu — New York Yankees (@Yankees) October 6, 2017
Ellsbury also finished the season strong, batting .314 over the final six weeks. He was 0-for-4 in Tuesday night's wild-card win over Minnesota.
The Indians won the opener 4-0 over the Yankees, who were held to three hits and got nothing from rookie slugger Aaron Judge. The MVP candidate struck out four times, but Girardi isn't worried about the right fielder, who slumped miserably after the All-Star break before a strong finish.
“I don't really have any concerns about it because as watching him go through some of his ups and downs this year, how he's always bounced back,” Girardi said. “So I'm not really too concerned about it.”
Indians manager Terry Francona made two moves with his lineup. Austin Jackson will start in left field against New York left-hander CC Sabathia, and Yan Gomes will catch Kluber. Roberto Perez started behind the plate in Game 1.
Also, Francona said there's a good chance Michael Brantley will start in left field in Game 3 at Yankee Stadium. Brantley missed 50 games over the final two months with an ankle injury.
However, Brantley, who is available off the bench in Game 2, has made huge progress in recent weeks and Francona is glad the All-Star is back. Brantley missed Cleveland's run to the World Series last year following two shoulder surgeries.
“He helps us win,” Francona said. “I'm excited for him because last year he missed out. This year, with a lot of hard work, he's now going to be a part of what we're doing. I know it will mean a lot to him, and because of that, it means a lot to us.”
(© Copyright 2017 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico (AP) — A United Nations expert on extreme poverty and human rights is meeting with hurricane victims in Puerto Rico, marking the first time such an envoy has visited the U.S. territory in recent history.
Special rapporteur Philip Alston's trip Monday comes as Puerto Ricans and some government officials voice complaints that the U.S. has not provided sufficient help after Hurricane Maria hit the island on Sept. 20.
The Category 4 storm killed dozens of people and destroyed tens of thousands of homes. Ten of the island's 78 municipalities are still without power, and thousands of businesses remain closed.
Alston told The Associated Press that there is a disproportionate number of Puerto Ricans living in poverty and that he's trying to assess the effectiveness of measures taken by the federal government.
17:13 Reported News Briefs Av 22, 5777 , 14/08/17 Av 22, 5777 , 14/08/17 Watch: Children 'shoot' policemen on Temple Mount Read more Arab children are documented pretending to shoot policemen on the Temple Mount a month after terrorists murder police at the Jerusalem holy site. ► ◄ Last Briefs
PHILADELPHIA--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--Bormioli Pharma, one of the world's leading glass and plastic packaging manufacturers for the pharmaceutical sector, offers its innovative dual-chamber AccuRec system as a solution for unstable drug formulations and to deliver value-added medicines.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005055/en/
Bormioli Pharma's AccuRec dual-chamber packaging system separates solvent and drug powder until time of administration, making it ideal for drug stability challenges and value-added medicines. (Photo: Business Wire)
AccuRec is a revolutionary dual-chamber packaging system that lets patients reconstitute, in a few easy steps, an impressive range of oral drug products right in the packaging container. Pre-dosed solvent and drug powder are stored in separate chambers in a tamper-evident and child-proof package; a simple twist releases the powder into the solvent at time of dosing.
Drug Stability
The AccuRec system, and the precise, effective reconstitution it allows, maximizes drug stability in reconstituted oral medicines by eliminating the need to include excipients with the active ingredient. Excipients are traditionally used in pharmaceuticals to make drugs more stable, but this can contribute to additional adverse side effects from drug toxicity, allergy, or intolerance i. AccuRec circumvents the need for excipients because the chambers prevent active ingredients from contacting and interacting with the solvent until the moment of administration.
Until now, reconstitution at the time of dosing has been complex and challenging for patients. The easy-to-use AccuRec system helps eliminate the chance for human error by providing guided self-administration and effective mixing of pre-dosed solvent and drug powder.
Value-Added Medicines
AccuRec's design makes it attractive for value-added medicines, which are medicines based on known molecules that address health care needs and deliver relevant improvements for patients, health care professionals, and/or payers ii. The value of existing medicine can be enhanced through a broad range of processes, including reformulation/repackaging.
Among the drivers for value-added medicines, patient non-adherence is the top-most compliance concern, according to IQVIA Institute iii. Of the estimated avoidable costs, non-adherence (57%) far outpaced delayed evidence-based treatment practice (13%), antibiotic misuse (11%), and medication errors (9%) among total avoidable costs. Value-added medicines are meant to deliver such benefits as greater convenience, improved compliance, a better patient experience, safety, better outcomes, or a more effective drug.
AccuRec is designed to improve the patient experience with easier, simplified drug reconstitution. Turning a complex procedure like reconstitution into an easy one can lead to better patient compliance and offer pharmaceutical companies new ways to solve dosing and compliance problems.
“We are very excited by the potential AccuRec offers to stakeholders across healthcare, from payers to patients,” says Anna Malori, Business Development Manager at Bormioli Pharma. “Its simplicity, accuracy, and design make it a suitable solution for drug stability issues and an attractive option for value-added medicines.”
Bormioli Pharma will exhibit AccuRec and a range of Type I Glass containers in Booth 2001 at CPhI North America, April 24-26, 2018 at the Pennsylvania Convention Center, Philadelphia, PA. The first at-scale commercial rollout of the AccuRec system with a drug manufacturer is expected in the second quarter of 2018.
About Bormioli Pharma
Bormioli Pharma exclusively serves the pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical market with integrated glass and plastic containers, closures and accessories for packaging, using state-of-the-art materials and technologies. This includes transparent and amber bottles in Type I, II, and III glass for a range of dosage forms, as well as child-proof and tamper-evident closures. These products are developed to guarantee drug integrity and improve patient quality of life. Bormioli Pharma is ISO 9001 and ISO 15378 (GMP) certified and registered with the main international control organizations.
i Pifferi, G. and Restani, P. (2003) Il Farmaco58 541-550. ii Medicines for Europe http://www.medicinesforeurope.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/4-Value-Added-Medicines_On-Value-Added-Medicines-20160526_AB.pdfiii IQVIA European Thought Leadership; IQVIA Institute 2012 “Responsible Use of Medicine”
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005055/en/
CONTACT: Bormioli Pharma
Anna Malori, +39 334 6182183
anna.malori@bormiolipharma.com
or
Brandwidth Solutions
Debra Harrsch, 215-997-8575
dharrsch@bwsmarketing.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA PENNSYLVANIA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: HEALTH BIOTECHNOLOGY PHARMACEUTICAL MANUFACTURING CHEMICALS/PLASTICS PACKAGING MEDICAL SUPPLIES
SOURCE: Bormioli Pharma
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 07:30 AM/DISC: 04/24/2018 07:30 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005055/en
12:27 Reported News Briefs Shvat 19, 5777 , 15/02/17 Shvat 19, 5777 , 15/02/17 Visiting Texan: Israelis 'delightful and welcoming' Read more
Rhonda Wieboldt, resident of Dallas, Texas, arrived in Israel last night for first time in her life. ► ◄ Last Briefs
Intelligence officials believe North Korean agents assassinated leader Kim Jong-un's exiled half brother, but if the whodunit seems settled, a very big question still looms: Why now?
Kim Jong Nam, reportedly killed by two female agents in a cloak-and-dagger operation in a Malaysian airport, had long been an embarrassment to North Korea's government — humiliated during a failed attempt to sneak into Japan to visit Disneyland and outspoken in opposing the rise to power of his brother, who had his uncle executed after taking over.
But the overweight gambler and fading playboy had kept his head down in recent years from his base in Macau. Kim Jong Nam was seen by many outsiders as only a minor distraction for North Korea's leaders, and certainly not an existential threat worth the risk of a potentially embarrassing assassination caper on foreign soil.
The spotty South Korean intelligence community ascribed the North's motivation in killing Kim Jong Nam, without any elaboration, simply to Kim Jong-un's "paranoia." There is a more intriguing possibility floating around Seoul, however: The tipping point in North Korea's bloody calculations may have been a largely ignored South Korean news story from last week.
A national daily, the Kyunghyang Shinmun, reported that Kim Jong Nam tried to defect to South Korea several years ago and had served, in the 2000s, as a middleman between disgraced current South Korean President Park Geun-hye and officials in North Korea.
Kim Jong-un may have clenched his teeth and carried on when he heard reports of his half brother's exploits in Macau casinos, and even when Kim Jong Nam, often photographed in an expensive, untucked, button-down shirt and newsboy cap, questioned in 2010 the need for a third generation of the Kim family to rule in Pyongyang.
But public reports in rival South Korea of alleged close dealings between a direct relative of North Korea's ruling dynasty and high officials in Seoul — and possible attempts to defect to the South — could have represented a serious challenge to a leader who portrays his family as the only legitimate power on the Korean Peninsula.
If a person with the blood of North Korea founder Kim Il Sung flowing in his veins was considering defecting to prosperous, democratic South Korea, what message did that send to North Korea's elite, or to the millions of poor and dissatisfied?
South Korea's spy agency, the National Intelligence Service, which has a spotty record in reading the goings-on in North Korea and often tries to paint the leadership as unbalanced, denied any defection attempt by Kim Jong Nam.
But Cheong Seong-Chang, an analyst at South Korea's Sejong Institute, raised the possibility that the assassination was linked to the newspaper report, which cites interviews with anonymous officials from the Europe-Korea Foundation, where Park served as a board member for a decade before stepping down ahead of the presidential election in late 2012, and computer files and emails that showed exchanges between Kim Jong Nam and the foundation's officials.
The newspaper reported that Kim Jong Nam, who was then living in Beijing, delivered a letter that Park wrote to Kim Jong Il, North Korea's second leader and Kim Jong-un's father, in 2005. The letter, according to the newspaper, showed Park requesting help on cultural exchange programs pushed by the foundation.
Jeong Joon-Hee, the spokesman of South Korea's Unification Ministry, previously said the government doesn't believe such a letter from Park, who has been impeached over a corruption scandal, was delivered to North Korea.
The newspaper also cited anonymous sources to report that Kim Jong Nam explored the possibility of defecting to South Korea, and also to the United States and Europe, in 2012 before giving up. The sources said Kim's talks with South Korea and the United States eventually fell through because of his excessive demands.
While the South Korean news report is a fascinating potential explanation for Kim Jong Nam's death, there are other possibilities — including that Monday's killing was the culmination of years of effort by North Korea.
Seoul's spy service told lawmakers Wednesday that North Korea had for five years tried to kill Kim Jong Nam, who had kept a low profile since his uncle and former protector, the North's former No. 2, Jang Song Thaek, was executed by Kim Jong-un in 2013.
The NIS, according to lawmakers, cited a "genuine" attempt by North Korea to kill Kim Jong Nam in 2012, but didn't elaborate. The lawmakers said the NIS told them Kim Jong Nam sent a letter to Kim Jong-un in April 2012, after the assassination attempt, begging for the lives of himself and his family. The letter said, "I hope you cancel the order for the punishment of me and my family. We have nowhere to go, nowhere to hide, and we know that the only way to escape is committing suicide."
Kim Jong Nam's links with China may have also played a role.
Beijing had long protected Kim Jong Nam, according to South Korea's intelligence service. China may have been interested in propping up Kim Jong Nam as a future North Korean leader should the current government in Pyongyang collapse.
Kim Jong-un would not have been pleased by knowledge that his brother was being used by Beijing as a pawn and potential replacement.
The Latest on efforts to make California an independent nation (all times local):
5 p.m.
Supporters of one long-shot bid to make California an independent nation are ending their effort. But another group plans to seek a statewide vote next year.
The secretary of state's office confirmed Monday that Marcus Ruiz Evans, vice president of the Yes California Independence Campaign, notified officials he intends to withdraw the California Nationhood ballot measure.
A new group, California Freedom Coalition, says it will file a new proposed ballot measure in coming weeks.
The movement drew extra interest after last year's election of Republican Donald Trump as president.
Yes California's president, Louis Marinelli, says in a message to supporters that he is seeking permanent residence in Russia.
Marinelli says his group had nearly 100,000 registered supporters. However, measures need more than 585,000 signatures to reach the ballot.
———
3:18 p.m.
Supporters of a long-shot bid to make California an independent nation are ending their effort to put it to a statewide vote next year.
The secretary of state's office confirmed Monday that Marcus Ruiz Evans, vice president of the Yes California Independence Campaign, notified officials he intends to withdraw the California Nationhood ballot measure.
The group's president, Louis Marinelli, says in a message to supporters that he is seeking permanent residence in Russia. He says supporters may try again to separate California from the United States at a later date.
The movement drew extra interest after last year's election of Republican Donald Trump as president.
Marinelli says the group has nearly 100,000 registered supporters. Supporters needed more than 585,000 signatures by July to put a measure on the ballot.
Fishing on a diversified fishery brings moments of excitement along with utter disappointment. After recently fishing a Bassmaster College Series event on Cherokee Lake in Tennessee, the different habits of smallmouth bass, largemouth bass and spotted bass were made evident.
DUNKIRK, N.Y. (AP) — Authorities say a 77-year-old western New York man has died after the ambulance transporting him from a Pennsylvania hospital to a nursing home crashed into a ditch.
New York State Police say an EmergyCare ambulance left the road at about 5:40 p.m. Tuesday, entered a ditch and hit a culvert in the Chautauqua (shuh-TAW'-kwuh) County town of Dunkirk, 35 miles southwest of Buffalo.
Troopers say the ambulance was taking Arthur McArthur, of Dunkirk, from the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center in Erie to a nursing home in Chautauqua County. Police say McArthur suffered fatal injuries in the crash and was pronounced dead at the scene.
The ambulance's 49-year-old driver was treated at a local hospital for non-life-threatening injuries.
The crash is under investigation.
The Latest on the Trump administration's change of policy on birth control (all times local):
1:05 p.m.
The top Democrat in the House says the Trump administration's decision allowing more employers to opt out of providing no-cost birth control to women is despicable.
Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi says in a statement: "This administration's contempt for women reaches a new low with this appalling decision to enable employers and health plans to deny women basic coverage for contraception."
The California lawmaker says Barack Obama's Affordable Care Act ensured access to preventive care for millions of women. She says Republicans, including House GOP lawmakers, have launched a "sickening attack" on women's health.
House Speaker Paul Ryan welcomed the decision, calling it "a landmark day for religious liberty."
———
11:20 a.m.
The Trump administration is allowing more employers to opt out of providing no-cost birth control to women by claiming religious and moral objections.
The administration has issued a long-expected revision to Obama-era rules. The rules require most companies to provide birth control as preventive care for women, at no additional cost. Under the Affordable Care Act, preventive services are supposed to be free of charge to employees and their dependents.
The Trump administration's revision issued Friday expands a religious exemption that previously applied to houses of worship, religiously affiliated nonprofit groups and closely held private companies.
The share of women employees paying for birth control pills has plunged to under 4 percent, from 21 percent, since contraception became a covered preventive health benefit, according to the Kaiser Family Foundation.
Buffalo Bills newly acquired receiver Jordan Matthews has a chip fracture in his sternum and is listed as week to week.
The team provided the update Monday, a day after Matthews hurt his upper chest in his first practice since joining the team in a trade with the Philadelphia Eagles. Matthews finished practice before being escorted off the field to be evaluated.
General manager Brandon Beane told The Associated Press the team was "still figuring it out" regarding the injury and recovery time.
The Bills are counting on Matthews to fill Sammy Watkins' spot after he was dealt to the Los Angeles Rams for cornerback E.J. Gaines and a second-round draft pick in a separate trade on Friday. Buffalo gave up starting cornerback Ronald Darby to acquire Matthews and a third-round draft pick from Philadelphia.
It's unclear when Matthews was hurt, though he did fall hard along the sideline while attempting to make a leaping catch in one-on-one coverage with cornerback Shareece Wright during a drill.
Aside from the draft picks, Matthews was the key addition in addressing Buffalo's more immediate needs on what is now a retooled group of receivers. Buffalo lost starter Robert Woods and speedster Marquise Goodwin in free agency this past offseason.
The Bills were looking for Mathews to play alongside Anquan Boldin, who was signed last week, and rookie second-round draft pick Zay Jones. Also competing for jobs are Walt Powell and offseason free-agent additions Andre Holmes and Rod Streater.
Though not considered as dynamic of a deep threat as Watkins, Matthews has been consistent in his first three seasons with the Eagles. He was Philadelphia's most productive receiver with 2,673 yards and 19 touchdowns. He became just the fifth NFL player to top 65 catches and 800 yards in each of his first three seasons.
Matthews was to have made his preseason debut Thursday, facing his former team when Buffalo plays at Philadelphia.
———
AP NFL website: www.pro32.ap.org and www.twitter.com/AP—NFL
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & Closed Captioning CBS 2 2017-2018 EEO Report Explore CBS 2 Jobs and Internships Connect with us on Facebook and Twitter […]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the largest, most experienced local news teams on the radio in America. Follow @WCBS880 WCBS helps listeners stay ahead of the […]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous around the world for its slogan, “YOU GIVE US 22 MINUTES, WE'LL GIVE YOU THE WORLD,” no other radio station […]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, but none have achieved the success and the popularity of the FAN. WFAN is the flagship station of four Tri-State […]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for news? E-mail us your newstips! Our offices & studios are located at 524 W. 57th St., New York, NY 10019. […]
Refuting common harmful myths about trans and gender-nonconforming people. Donate to order this gift now!
A critical analysis of Trumpism in the context of longer-term trends. Donate to order this gift now!
Image: Essential
Before I made the purchase of an Essential Phone, like everyone else, I scoured through review after review. My goal was to sift through the chaff and find something that would key me into understanding what was at the core of the PH-1. It didn't take long for a common thread to bubble up from the surface. That thread? A less-than stellar camera. The good news for me was that I don't consider a smartphone's primary function to be taking photos, so having the best camera available wasn't a top priority.
With that out of the way, it seemed the PH-1 met all of my needs, and did so at a price point that was right on the money. And thus, I made the purchase, and set aside my OnePlus 3 to embark on a journey with the newest underdog.
As many of you know, I'm a big fan of the underdog. I've been using Linux as my primary OS for decades, so I'm accustomed to watching a platform scrape and dig for attention and respect. However, after just two weeks of use, I'm convinced the PH-1 shouldn't be considered an underdog but a top dog, in a class by itself.
That's not to say it's perfect because it's not, but no device is (and anyone who believes otherwise is kidding themselves).
Now that I've had plenty of time to experience Essential's first foray into the smartphone market, I feel like I have plenty to say about the device. And, with that said, let's dive into the good and the bad.
SEE: Mobile device computing policy (Tech Pro Research)
The bad
I thought I'd flip the script and start with the bad. Why? Because there isn't much in the way of bad to be found. In fact, I have to trick myself into thinking "Maybe photos are more important than I originally thought!" before I can really come up with something negative of note to say about the PH-1.
It has been well documented that the Essential Phone's camera is lackluster. The software is a bit slow, and the low-light photos are far from great. The selfie camera also suffers from the software issues that hinder the main camera.
However, after four updates (that's right, four updates since I received the device, more on that in a bit), I've watched the camera app improve exponentially. It's still not nearly as good as the Pixel 2 camera app for instance, but it's passible. For anyone that doesn't consider photos to be a priority, the camera app will suffice.
The only other nit to pick is that the gorgeous case is the biggest fingerprint magnet I've ever seen. I'm constantly wiping the back down. Had this phone not been nearly as beautiful as it is, the fingerprints wouldn't concern me. But the PH-1 is one of the most elegant smartphones I have ever held in my hand, so my propensity is to keep it clean. Essential should be cleaning up in awards for hardware design—of that there is no doubt.
Finally, there is no headphone jack. That's okay for two reasons: Bluetooth headphones have come a very long way, and Essential included the necessary dongle so users won't have to toss their standard headphones or other devices that might make use of that common interface.
And that's it for the bad.
The good
There is almost too much to say here , so I'm going to boil it down to a few "essential" items.
First and foremost: the design. As I said, it's gorgeous. But even the titanium sides and ceramic back take a seat to the display. No it's not the most cutting edge (Essential went with an LCD display, instead of the more popular, flagship level, OLED option), but the edge to edge is absolutely beautiful. Essential essentially proved that a bezel-less device is very much possible and their home screen launcher makes perfect use of the screen real estate (Figure A).
Figure A
The one downfall is that not every app found in the Google Play Store makes use of that full screen. To Essential's credit, so far I've only found one app that didn't—Discogs (Figure B).
Figure B
Beyond the hardware, there's the stock Android (shipping with Android 7.1.1). If you're looking for nothing but essential Android, the PH-1 delivers. Upon arrival the device included the bare minimum software. There was zero bloat. Couple that with the speedy Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 processor paired with 4GB of RAM and 128GB of internal storage, and that barebones Android runs as smoothly as any flagship device. Period. Apps install quickly, start instantly, and run smoothly. The PH-1 easily stands toe-to-toe with my wife's Samsung Galaxy S8.
One very crucial aspect many users will appreciate is how quickly the PH-1 receives the Android Security Patch. Since initially turning on the device, my PH-1 has received four Android updates. Even though the device is running Android 7.1.1, it enjoys the most recent Security Patch (Figure C).
Figure C
The combination of beautiful and powerful hardware, and up-to-date barebones software make for an incredible experience.
Who's the ideal PH-1 user?
Let's make this easy:
If you're tired of devices shipping with bloat—and who isn't—the PH-1 might be the ideal device for you.
If you're constantly on-the-go, the titanium case is strong enough to withstand your brutal abuse.
If you're a fan of the underdog, the PH-1 is the perfect smartphone for you. The ratio of price to performance will absolutely blow you away. No other smartphone, regardless of manufacturer, enjoys this level of form and function. Essential has every right to stand with the leaders in the industry. It's every bit as cool as the iPhone X and as flexible as any Android device—all without the price found with most flagship smartphones.
If you like your devices to turn heads, the PH-1 is the perfect mix of brawn, brains, and beauty. The look of the PH-1 draws onlookers in, and the performance locks them in. The second you hold the PH-1 in your hand you'll know you've purchased a quality product. This is a flagship smartphone, there's no doubt.
What more needs to be said?
Bravo Essential, you've created something special.
Automatically sign up for TechRepublic's Mobile Enterprise Newsletter for more news and tips. Subscribe
Also see
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
Fallout has a pretty sturdy formula. You wake up in a Vault, a bomb shelter designed to keep you safe for decades or centuries after nuclear war, and go to explore the world, talk with people, and settle your disagreements amicably. Or shoot people in the face. Shooting people in the face remains a viable strategy! And it appears, this time around, you'll be strapping on the Pip Boy in Vault 76, deep in West Virginia.
If you pay attention, there are a few hints that while this vault is working fairly well and neither falls to raiders nor turns out to be some sort of gross or weird social experiment (well, insofar as we can tell from this brief teaser), something's still up. For one thing, it announces that “Reclamation Day” is at hand, and that the dwellers of this particular Vault went in in 1976. That's a bit later than usually occurs in the game's timeline. Also eyebrow-raising is that you're popping out in 2076, a good two centuries or so before the events of Fallout 3 and 4 and just shy of a century before the original Fallout. Interestingly, Vault 76 has been the “control” vault in the series, where people just live with no social experiments. Is that really unfolding here, though?
Is it a prequel? An alternate universe? Would not even nuclear weapons stop the career of John Denver, whose “Country Roads, Take Me Home” is covered in this teaser? Is this vault much older and its descendants are just being lied to? Actually we're not even sure that last one is worth phrasing as a question, since every vault has some weird social plan. But we'll just have to wait to find out: Bethesda will likely have more for us at E3.
Transcript for The Rev. Shawn Amos performs 'The Last Day I'm Loving You'
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
21:02 Reported News Briefs Shvat 18, 5778 , 03/02/18 Shvat 18, 5778 , 03/02/18 'The terrorist's wife and father-in-law were arrested' Read more Security forces work in Jenin-area town to capture terrorist responsible for murdering father of six in January. ► ◄ Last Briefs
Israel will not negotiate with hundreds of Palestinian prisoners who launched a hunger strike to press for better conditions, a government minister said Tuesday, adding that the organizer of the protest has been placed in solitary confinement.
If sustained, the strike led by Marwan Barghouti, a Palestinian leader jailed during the second Palestinian uprising, would be the largest in recent years.
It could heighten Israeli-Palestinian tensions at a time of renewed U.S. attempts to restart stalled peace negotiations. Israeli rule over the West Bank and east Jerusalem, territories captured during the 1967 war and claimed by the Palestinians as part of a future state, reaches the half-century mark in June.
The Palestinian prisoners seek better conditions, including more contact with relatives, and an end to Israel's practice of detentions without trials.
Israeli officials said some 1,100 prisoners joined the strike Monday.
Palestinian officials and activists put the number of hunger strikers at 1,300 and 1,500, respectively, saying it is difficult to get updates from inside the prisons.
They said some 6,500 Palestinians are currently in Israeli lockups. Israel calls them security prisoners — held for offenses ranging from stone throwing and membership in outlawed groups to carrying out attacks that killed or wounded Israelis. Several hundred are being detained without charges.
Barghouti, the strike leader, is a prominent figure in the Fatah movement of Western-backed Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas. Polls suggest that Barghouti, 58, is the most popular choice among Palestinians to succeed the 82-year-old Abbas.
Barghouti, a leader of the 2000 Palestinian uprising, is serving five life terms after being convicted by an Israeli court of directing two shooting attacks and a bombing that killed five people, including three Israelis. Barghouti, who disputed the court's jurisdiction and didn't mount a defense, has been in prison since 2002.
In an opinion piece published this week in The New York Times, Barghouti alleged that Palestinian prisoners and detainees in Israel "have suffered from torture, inhumane and degrading treatment, and medical negligence." He said he organized the hunger strike to fight back, after exhausting all other options.
Israeli Minister of Public Security Gilad Erdan said Tuesday that he believes the strike is politically motivated and that the prisoners have no legitimate complaints.
"These are terrorists and incarcerated murderers who are getting exactly what the international law requires," he told Israel's Army Radio. "My policy is that you can't negotiate with prisoners such as these... There is no reason to give them additional conditions in addition to what they already receive."
He said Israel has established field hospitals outside the prisons to respond to any immediate medical needs.
Erdan said Barghouti was transferred to another prison in northern Israel and was placed in solitary confinement.
"It doesn't have to do with publishing the article (in the New York Times) but rather that he is instigating mutiny and leading the hunger strike and that is a severe violation of the rules of the prison," he said.
Issa Qarakeh, a Palestinian government official dealing with prisoners, said most of those who joined the hunger strike were Fatah supporters. He said about 170 prisoners from Fatah rivals Hamas and Islamic Jihad also participated.
This undated photo released by the Arizona Department of Public Safety shows 14-year-old Joshua Cade Richardson, a suspect in the killing of TerriLynne Collins early Tuesday, Oct. 3, 2017, in the rural community of Concho, northeast of Phoenix. (Arizona Department of Public Safety via AP)
PHOENIX (AP) — A 14-year-old boy sought in the shooting death of a woman in eastern Arizona has been taken into custody, authorities said Wednesday night.
The Navajo County Sheriff's Office said the teen is a suspect in the killing of 54-year-old TerriLynne Collins during a struggle at her family's getaway property and future retirement home. Deputies said they took the teen into custody without incident Wednesday evening.
Phoenix-area lawyer Ernest Collins Jr. said he was on the phone with his wife who had called him as she went to a trailer on the rural property 160 miles northeast of Phoenix in response to a text for help from the couple's 18-year-old daughter.
Collins told The Associated Press that he was able to hear much of what happened during the fatal encounter in Concho, a small rural community.
Trooper Kameron Lee, an Arizona Department of Public Safety spokesman, provided the victim's identity but told the AP that investigators did not want to release additional information on the circumstances of the incident, including how TerriLynne Collins was killed.
Collins, an attorney in Mesa, was distraught at times during a phone interview with the AP.
He said he didn't immediately understand what was going on when his wife called him after midnight and woke him from a deep sleep. She was apparently walking to the trailer where their daughter and the daughter's friend were staying at the time.
As he listened to his wife confront the intruder, "I finally realized that she had someone at gunpoint," Collins said.
He immediately called a neighbor in Concho and asked her to send her husband to the Collins' property. The neighbor said he should call 911 instead. When Collins did that, he was told deputies were already dispatched and he believed his wife had called 911 before heading for the trailer.
Collins said he then got back on the call from his wife and heard her speak with the intruder, whom he thinks was wearing a ski mask and was armed with a knife.
"I heard my wife telling him, 'You're just a kid, you're just a stupid kid and you're going to ruin your life,'" Collins said.
The conversation went back and forth, with the suspect telling Collins' wife to shoot him in the head, the husband said.
"I'm yelling as loud as I can through the phone to shoot the (expletive), shoot him," Collins said.
Collins said his wife yelled at their daughter and her friend to run from the trailer and they did, with the daughter hearing a gunshot as she got outside.
"My wife did not come out of the trailer," the husband said.
Concho Elementary School District Administrator Steve Yoder said the boy was enrolled as a seventh-grader at the school for 10 days before switching back to homeschooling two weeks ago.
Collins said his wife of nearly 21 years was a devout Christian and "a very devoted mom" to their six children and that she loved the Concho area, where they planned to retire. "Everything that we ever wanted was up there and now it's just gone."
He said he didn't know the suspect.
___
Associated Press reporter Clarice Silber contributed to this report.
MELCROFT, Pa. (AP) — The Latest on (all times local):
4 p.m.
Police say the shooter in a deadly rampage at a Pennsylvania self-serve car wash has died.
Trooper Robert Broadwater says in a statement that 28-year-old Timothy Smith was pronounced dead at a hospital just before 9 p.m. Sunday.
Smith suffered an apparently self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head in the early Sunday shooting at Ed's Car Wash in Melcroft, a town about 55 miles (90 kilometers) southeast of Pittsburgh. He had been on life support.
Friends say Smith was a jealous ex-boyfriend of 25-year-old victim Chelsie Cline.
Also killed were 27-year-old William Porterfield, 23-year-old Courtney Snyder and 21-year-old Seth Cline. Another woman survived with minor injuries.
Cline had recently gotten involved with Porterfield. Porterfield's father tells the Tribune Review his son had a run-in with the shooter in the hours before the killings.
___
10:15 a.m.
The father of one of four people gunned down by a woman's jealous ex-boyfriend says the shooter had an altercation with his son at a bar hours before the deadly rampage.
Scott Porterfield tells the Tribune Review he's seen security footage from Tall Cedars lounge in Donegal, about 50 miles (80 kilometers) southwest of Pittsburgh, that shows the shooter placing his hand on his son Billy Porterfield's shoulder early Sunday morning.
He says a staff member asked Timothy Smith to leave.
Police say Smith soon after shot and killed Porterfield and three others at a self-serve car wash.
Twenty-five-year-old Chelsie Cline, 23-year-old Courtney Snyder and 21-year-old Seth Cline were killed, while another woman survived with minor injuries.
Porterfield's wife says that Chelsie Cline became involved with Porterfield last week.
___
Information from: Tribune-Review, http://triblive.com
Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke has good reason to worry about loyalty and respect among his staff, says a scientist-turned-whistleblower who resigned from his agency post Wednesday citing Zinke's “poor leadership” and “resume of failure.”
Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke has good reason to worry about loyalty and respect among his staff, says a scientist-turned-whistleblower who resigned from his agency post Wednesday citing Zinke's “poor leadership” and “resume of failure.”
During a speech to an oil industry group last week, Zinke said: “I got 30 percent of the crew that's not loyal to the flag.” The former Montana congressman's comment was met with outrage, including from a trio of groups representing retired Interior employees, which called the remarks “ludicrous” and “deeply insulting.”
Joel Clement — who blew the whistle on the Trump administration in July, alleging that he was reassigned for warning about the dangers of climate change to Alaska natives — told HuffPost late Wednesday, hours after submitting a fiery resignation letter, that morale at the agency is “in the toilet.”
Under Zinke and and President Donald Trump, he said, Interior employees are constantly “looking over their shoulder,” and those in management positions are “walking around miffed that they are not part of” key agency decisions.
“The secretary has lost the respect of far more than 30 percent of the staff,” Clement said.
Zinke's approach to running the agency was on display during a hearing of the Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources last month. Sen. Martin Heinrich (D-N.M.) took the opportunity to question John Ruhs, acting deputy director of operations at Interior's Bureau of Land Management, about a number of inaccuracies he identified in a leaked copy of Zinke's national monuments report, in which the interior secretary recommended Trump shrink or otherwise modify at least 10 protected sites. Heinrich asked Ruhs if local BLM staff who manage a pair of New Mexico monuments on the administration's chopping block were consulted as part of the administration's review.
Ruhs said BLM “did answer questions and provide data as necessary,” but that it was not involved in writing the report or asked to fact-check it for accuracy before it was sent to the White House.
Clement called Zinke's monuments report “par for the course.”
“When he gets briefed for a meeting, he receives briefing documents from career staff and he never reads them,” Clement said of Zinke. “When he delivers a product, like the review of the national monuments, it's sloppy and it's full of errors. And you can tell that the career staff's never had a look at that. He's trying to do this with his team of political temps.”
Clement added that the workforce is not fooled by its secretary's compliments — three days after his loyalty comment, Zinke told The Daily Signal the department “has great people” — or the efforts to boost morale.
“You can't make up for that lack of respect by throwing a video game and a couple of dog days in there,” he said. “Everyone just sort of rolls their eyes.”
Clement was referring to Zinke's establishment of “Doggy Days at Interior,” when employees are allowed to bring their canine companions to work, and the installation of a “Big Buck Hunter” arcade game in the cafeteria, a bizarre attempt to highlight the contributions the hunting and fishing communities make to conservation.
Clement drew national attention in July with a scathing op-ed in The Washington Post, accusing the administration of silencing science and sidelining him in hopes that he would quit. The seven-year Interior employee was among dozens of senior Interior staff reassigned in June as part of a sweeping reorganization — transfers now under investigation by the department's inspector general. Clement went from being director of the department's Office of Policy Analysis — where, among other responsibilities, he detailed the effects of global warming on Alaska's native communities — to a senior adviser at an office that, as he described it, “collects royalty checks from fossil fuel companies.”
After being pulled away from the job he loved, Clement struggled to envision a future at Interior. It became increasingly clear that the new post was not the right fit. Zinke's remarks about loyalty proved the final straw.
“It's profoundly offensive because it portrays a lack of understanding about the civil service and the mission of the agency,” he told HuffPost. “It made it clear that what he's trying to do is not work with the career staff and advance the mission ― he's trying to undercut the agency and its mission. And it became very clear that his interests were aligned with special interests, like the oil and gas industry.”
Interior did not immediately respond to a request for comment for this article.
The department's press secretary Heather Swift has previously come to Zinke's defense, telling The Washington Post that his comment about loyalty “was not a literal comparison to the flag of the U.S. or even the administration.”
“In the military structure, to which the secretary was alluding, the flag represents the command of an organization and the policies and procedures it seeks to implement,” Swift told the Post.
Since being sworn in in March, Zinke has met with a slew of oil and gas executives, and has spoken at industry conferences and a trade group's board meeting. On social media, he posts regularly about fossil fuels, while rarely mentioning the renewable energy sector. And like other Trump team officials, including Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt, Zinke has worked to roll back regulations to combat climate change, and worked to ensure a better future for coal, oil and gas. Still, he insists that he and Trump “don't pick winners and losers” and that he “favors an all-of-the-above energy strategy.”
Meanwhile, conservation has taken a clear backseat, as the administration pushes for so-called “energy dominance.”
Clement said that while there is still an “all-out assault” on climate science, it is less flagrant than in the months after Trump first took office. In order to make a difference in the field, however, Clement realized he had to move on.
Zinke's accusation about allegiance — which appeared to reflect the administration's wider mistrust of the people it employs — made the decision to quit a “no-brainer,” Clement said. And while he hopes to inspire other federal employees to speak out about what's going on, Clement says it's important that talented people remain at Interior, to hold Zinke and the administration accountable and not let them “run roughshod” over such agencies.
In his resignation letter addressed to Zinke, Clement wrote: “My thoughts and wishes are with the career women and men who remain at DOI. I encourage them to persist when possible, resist when necessary, and speak truth to power so the institution may recover and thrive once this assault on its mission is over.”
As for his next move, Clement doesn't have anything lined up. But he plans to do what he can to continue supporting those inside the department, and to be a voice for them.
″I'm thinking of setting up a hotline, a tip line, so that they can reach out to someone and not be worried about it,” he said. “But of course I'm going to need to find a job real soon.”
Read more about Clement's resignation here.
Jake Sheridan is getting a quality racing education this summer.
Every few weekends, he's trying to stick close to reigning champ Brandon Watson in the APC United Late Model touring series.
And on most Friday nights like this upcoming one, he's at Delaware Speedway battling with veteran speedster Jesse Kennedy in the local Case ‘N Drum Oil late model program.
“As a rookie, it's always fun to do both series,” the 15-year-old from Mt. Brydges said. “You're still figuring stuff out and there's definitely a lot more seat time. I think there's a benefit, but there is a lot of work switching back and forth.”
I'm really looking forward to coming back to these tracks again for Round 2 and seeing if we can do better, and then there's a big race at Jukasa, too. Jake Sheridan
He's catching on quickly. Thanks to a runner-up finish at the APC stop in Delaware last week after a third-place podium result in Peterborough, his No. 52 car is fourth in APC standings — one point ahead of 2016 champ Andrew Gresel. There are five races left on the nine-event schedule, resuming July 21 at Flamboro.
“Our goal going in was to win rookie of the year,” Sheridan said. “We were going for solid top 10 finishes. We thought that would be enough to seal it, but we've done better than we thought. Everyone is so close in the standings.
“This is a very competitive series and it's a big step for us. We didn't expect to be here this early and our goals have changed. Aiming for top five would be a big accomplishment.”
Earning a win would be an off-the-charts achievement.
“Brandon is the next one to beat,” Sheridan said. “He's a good runner and has a lot of experience. These finishes here, if we keep putting the pressure on him, hopefully, one of these will come our way.”
Kennedy has won four of the eight races on the local series. Sheridan, currently in second spot, has picked up two victories so far.
“Jesse has raced against my dad (Ron) a lot of years and there's definitely a lot to learn following him,” Jake said. “Delaware is all about building some experience and it's been very interesting racing against him.
“He's been great.”
The track built its local series around the APC tour. They don't run the same weekends, allowing competitors like Sheridan to dip into both pursuits.
“Next week, it's our only week off of the summer,” he said. “It's been busy, for sure. I've had to cut back on extra activities to focus on racing, but it's been worth it.”
That's not to say there haven't been some nervous moments.
In the Delaware race before the start of the APC opener at Sunset, Sheridan ran into trouble. He was leading but got knocked from behind and into the wall, causing extensive damage.
AT THE TRACK (This week at Delaware Speedway) Friday: Late models, V8 stocks, bone stocks run twin 25-lap features. Gates: Grandstand opens at 6 p.m. Races start at 7:30 p.m. It's Autograph Night. More info: www.delawarespeedway.com
“It was a rush to make it to Sunset,” he said. “We had one week to basically put the whole back half of the frame on and re-do all of it. We've had a lot of work to do since that early crash and I think we've come a long way.”
Sheridan finished 23rd at Sunset, then ninth two weeks later in the first Flamboro stop. Now, he's hovering around the fastest teams.
“The highlight so far was Delaware, to finish second at home with the people we know and on our track,” he said. “I'm really looking forward to coming back to these tracks again for Round 2 and seeing if we can do better, and then there's a big race at Jukasa, too.”
The APC finale, of course, will be at Delaware.
By then, Sheridan can show everyone exactly what he learned this year.
rpyette@postmedia.com
Twitter.com/RyanatLFPress
Transcript for Father apologizes after lunging at Larry Nassar in court
to the chaotic and emotional scene in a courtroom. A distraught father lunging at Larry Nassar, the former olympic doctor convicted of sexually abusing scores of young female athletes. The father had just heard his own daughters read their victim impact statements. He has now apologized but saying he wants Nassar to go to, quote, one of the deepest, darkest, hottest pits in hell. Erielle reshef joins us with more. Reporter: It was a dramatic day the father saying he was unable to contain himself. Judge, would a disastronaut father is a chance to say something? You son of a . Reporter: Raw emotion boiling over in a Michigan courtroom. Grant me five minutes in a locked room with this demon. Would you do that? That is not -- Yes or no? No, sir -- Would you give me one minute? You know that I can't do that. That's not how our legal system. Well, I'm going to -- Randall margraves charging Larry Nassar during another sentencing hearing. Let me have that . Stay down. I want that -- The father of three girls who say they were molested by Nassar tackled, cuffed and held in contempt. Do not behave like that. No one can behave like this. I wanna -- Well, you haven't lived through it. No charges. The judge speaking in court. I'm you were here. I can't say that I understand. I don't know what it would be like to stand there as a father and know three of your girls were physically and emotionally injured by somebody sitting in a courtroom. Reporter: Margraves saying he was incensed watching Nassar shake his head. Now I have to live with the fact that I failed to protect my daughters. Reporter: He was sentenced in another jurisdiction to 40 to 17 175 years. Michigan state university where he worked is under intense scrutiny for his case and other alleged sexual misconduct and confirmed it was served a search warrant. The interim school president said he was surprised because his lawyers are already discussing about handing over potential materials and documentation. Wrenching story. Thank you, erielle, appreciate
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
ATHENS, Greece (AP) — A Greek prosecutor has ordered an investigation into allegations of financial mismanagement in the local branch of UNICEF.
UNICEF said last week it was "terminating its arrangements" with its national committee in Greece "due to concerns arising out of a recent independent audit."
UNICEF said in a statement it has concluded that "the necessary reforms" in the Greek committee won't be achieved. It offered no further details.
An Athens prosecutor ordered the probe Tuesday following claims by the head of UNICEF's Greek committee that an audit of the local branch's finances revealed alleged mismanagement.
UNICEF has said it will continue its work with children in Greece through its regional office for Europe and central Asia, in collaboration with the Greek government and civil society partners.
The son and grandson of golf professionals, Justin Thomas couldn't think of a better major to win than the PGA Championship.
And at age 24, he couldn't think of a better time.
Youth is taking over the highest level of golf, and there were times Thomas felt left behind. Rory McIlroy already had four majors when he was 25. Closer to home was Jordan Spieth, a close friend since they were 14. Spieth won his third major at the British Open last month to give him three legs of the career Grand Slam.
"Frustration probably isn't the right word," Thomas said. "Jealously definitely is. I wanted to be doing that, and I wasn't."
Sunday at Quail Hollow was his moment.
Starting the final round two shots out of the lead, Thomas closed with a 3-under 68 for a two-shot victory to capture the final major of the year.
It required a little bit of good fortune, like when his tee shot bounced out of a tree and into the fairway on the par-5 10th hole, which ended with his 8-foot putt teetering on the edge of the cup for 12 seconds before gravity finally took over and the ball dropped for birdie.
"I didn't even see it go in," said Thomas, who had his back turned to the cup as he was asking caddie Jimmy Johnson how it didn't go in. Players are allowed reasonable time to get to the ball, and then they get 10 seconds before they hit the next shot, so he was well within the limit.
He seized control on the back nine with a chip-in for birdie from 40 feet on the par-3 13th hole.
Above all, it required plenty of grit, and Thomas showed plenty of that.
The key moment in his victory came along the infamous "Green Mile" at Quail Hollow, a brutal stretch of holes where players are trying to hang on with pars. Thomas had a one-shot lead over Hideki Matsuyama when he drove into the rough, and his approach tumbled into a bunker. He did well to get that out to 6 feet.
Matsuyama was spared by the thick rough behind the green that kept his ball from going into the water, and he had a good lie that allowed him to chip to 5 feet.
Thomas wasted no time over the putt and drilled into the center of the cup. Matsuyama missed and fell two shots behind.
And then Thomas effectively ended it with a 7-iron so pure that he let the club swirl through his hand as the ball soared over the water, onto the green and rolled out to 15 feet on the 221-yard shot to a peninsula green. His birdie putt swirled into the cup, and the rest was easy.
He finished with a bogey — his first since the third hole — when it no longer mattered. Thomas finished at 8-under 276.
He won by two shots over Francesco Molinari (67), Patrick Reed (67) and Louis Oosthuizen (70), none of whom were a serious threat as they played the 18th.
His real challenge was Matsuyama playing next to him, and Kevin Kisner, the 54-hole leader in the group behind him.
Kisner ran off two important birdies on the 14th and 15th holes to get within one shot, but the final stretch is no place to make up more ground. He three-putted from 100 feet on the 16th hole to fall two back, couldn't convert from long range on the 17th and hit into the water because of mud on his ball on the 18th.
Among those waiting for Thomas alongside the 18th green were his father and Spieth.
Mike Thomas, the longtime pro at Harmony Landing outside Louisville, Kentucky, spread his arms wide as he approached his only son and wrapped them around him. He also made sure to collect an important part of history.
Ever since his son was in elementary school, he has been collecting golf balls from his victory. The total is now 131. Asked if he made sure to get the ball Thomas used to tap in the final putt, Mike Thomas reached into his pocket, smiled and said, "You mean this one?"
The PGA Championship was important to Thomas to take his place among the young elite in the game, and it was important to his family. His grandfather, Paul Thomas, also was a club pro and has been a PGA of America member for 60 years. He was the first person Thomas called.
"As a kid growing up, you want to win all the majors. You want to win any major," Thomas said after his two-shot victory. "For me, the PGA definitely had a special place in my heart, and maybe a special drive. It's just a great win for the family, and it's a moment we'll never forget — all of us."
Spieth was there, too, wanting to celebrate with his friend.
The week began with Spieth's bid to complete the career Grand Slam, and it never got out of the gates. Thomas, endlessly referred to as "Spieth's close friend," emerged from his shadow with a major of his own.
"So awesome, dude," Spieth told him.
Spieth and Thomas first became close when they played the Junior Evian Masters in 2007. Thomas won the 36-hole event and got to play the pro-am the next day with LPGA great Juli Inkster. Spieth caddied for him.
Ten years later, they have won consecutive majors and head into the FedEx Cup playoffs battling for PGA Tour player of the year.
Longtime friends, now both are major champions.
Getty Image
Spencer Dinwiddie is one of the guys on the Brooklyn Nets who showed flashes during their rough 2016-17 campaign. A third-year player out of the University of Colorado, Dinwiddie didn't do too terribly much to start his career in Detroit before turning into one of the Nets' more consistent three-point shooters last season, knocking them down at a 37.6 percent clip.
With how the Nets are in rebuilding mode, a guy like Dinwiddie has a lot to gain this season. This doesn't just mean he can carve out a bigger role in Brooklyn's offense, but he can also establish himself as a 3-and-D player who deserves a bigger role on a contender somewhere down the road.
He would probably be stoked about this, not just because it would help him maybe win a ring some day, but because it would cause his Twitter to blow up. As we learned on Thursday night, Dinwiddie would like it if the NBA helped him expand his social media presence.
PHILADELPHIA (AP) -- Caleb Wood had 17 of his 22 points during the second half and overtime to help Pennsylvania beat Brown 95-90 on Friday night.
The Quakers (14-6, 4-0 Ivy League) closed on a 6-0 run over the final 1:11 of overtime.
The Bears (9-9, 2-3) trailed 93-90 when Zach Hunsaker missed a 3-point attempt with five seconds left. Wood made 1 of 2 free throws with four seconds left and Max Rothschild added another free throw in the final second.
Penn also scored the final six points of regulation, all on free throws, while Brown missed three field-goal attempts over the final three minutes of the period.
Antonio Woods added 21 points, Ryan Betley had 16, Rothschild 15 and Darnell Foreman 12 for Penn.
Desmond Cambridge had 29 points to lead Brown, the second-highest output of his freshman season. Brandon Anderson added 18 points, Hunsaker scored 14 and Tamenang Choh 12.
Brown made seven more field goals than Penn (35-28), but the Quakers had 44 foul shots and made 30 compared to the Bears who made 12 of 19 from the foul line.
PRISTINA, Kosovo (AP) — Environmentalists have staged a protest in Kosovo's capital Pristina asking the government to fight extremely high pollution.
Hundreds of people took part in Wednesday's protest, blaming the government and the local authorities for allowing hazardous levels of fine particulate matter, an air pollutant.
An air quality monitor installed in the United States embassy in Pristina measured pollution in the capital's air as "very unhealthy."
Pristina has severe air pollution problems due to the outdated power plants using coal, smoke from wood-burning stoves and exhaust fumes from old cars.
Local authorities decided to ban vehicles from other cities from entering the city, offering parking areas in the outskirts and free public transport.
A pumpkin spice-scented air freshener is being blamed for an emergency response at a school in Baltimore.The Cristo Rey Jesuit High School in southeast Baltimore was evacuated Thursday after a possible hazardous substance was found on the third floor. Students and staff were evaluated outside."We've sent out a message already to parents to make sure that we're in communications about the steps that we've taken to ensure the safety of all their kids," said Bill Heiser, president of the school.A spokesman for the Baltimore City Fire Department has confirmed the source was a pumpkin spice-scented air freshener.Two students and three adults were transported as a precaution, one of the adults were transported for an unrelated reason.
French President Emmanuel Macron has been notably active on the national scene since his election last year, launching initiatives aimed at modernizing France. He has also applied the same energy to foreign policy, with a global strategy dubbed "France is back.""Since his election a year ago, Emmanuel Macron has improved France's image around the world and re-established mutual trust with foreign countries," deputy director Bruno Tertrais of the Paris-based Foundation for Strategic Research said.A novice on foreign affairs, the French president, amid a state visit this week to the United States, has thrown himself into putting France at the center of the international stage. "Emmanuel Macron's foreign policy is realistic but not cynical," Tertrais said, "and he has a good understanding of the worldwide balance of power."Others share that sentiment."When comparing Emmanuel Macron's foreign policy with his two predecessors -- Nicolas Sarkozy and Franois Hollande -- there is a contrast," Thomas Gomart, director of the French Institute for International Relations, said. "He wants to enhance the stature of the French president by giving more significance to his addresses and his behavior."At home, the 40-year-old Frenchman has taken advantage of British Prime Minister Theresa May 's struggles with Brexit and German Chancellor Angela Merkel 's national political turmoil to become the main voice of the European Union. He is pushing for E.U. reforms and advocating deeper cooperation and integration among the 28 member states.On the military front, Macron has committed to promoting the G5 Sahel, an African regional security bloc comprising Chad, Mali Burkina Faso and Niger fighting terrorism in northern Africa. The French president mobilized the international community to help finance the G5 anti-terror military force.In Syria, the French president proved his capacity to coordinate with his U.S. and British counterparts earlier this month during a joint military operation targeting the Syrian regime's chemical facilities.On climate change , Macron declared last year that he wanted to "make our planet great again" after President Donald Trump decided to pull out of the Paris Climate Accord. He has since taken the lead on the issue by mobilizing public and private funding in the fight against global warming. During the One Planet Summit in Paris in December, banks and companies announced billions of dollars of intended divestment from coal, oil and gas.Finally, Macron has also played the role of mediator on the international stage by personally helping to resolve a political crisis between Lebanon and Saudi Arabia in November 2017."We have to assess foreign policy on the long term," Gomart, of the French Institute for International Relations, said. "But, undeniably, France's foreign policy is now more articulated, credible and serious."Despite all his efforts, however, the French president failed to persuade Trump to stay in the Paris Climate Accord. The U.S. president also threatened to pull out of the Iran nuclear deal , an agreement supported by France.On both issues, Macron's diplomatic skills will be tested more than ever in efforts to reverse Trump's positions.
Getty Image
Going to a show by yourself might seem taboo to some people, but it's not as odd as you may think: A recent study from UK Music (via NME) shows that nearly two thirds of young people have gone to a concert by themselves.
Came to the show alone y'all and it's amazing — Ani (@Anvbabe) October 6, 2017
Based on a survey of 500 people between the ages of 18 and 24, 65 percent said they've been to a show alone, and 98 percent of those people said they'd be happy to do it again, probably because 84 percent of them said they felt the music sounded better when without company. These people had a bunch of different reasons for going solo: 38 percent said their friends couldn't make it, 37 percent said their pals had different taste, and 31 percent said checking out the show at all was a last-minute decision.
My first concert alone was for FKA twigs I ended up getting a pic with her and talking to her band members 💕 — viri (@fkavtea) October 6, 2017
Countless online articles and Reddit threads — like this one, for example — have sung the praises of seeing live music on your own, citing a ton of solid reasons: There's no waiting on other people, you can stand or sit where you want, it can be easier to meet new people, you can stay as long or as little as you'd like, you can focus on the music more, there's no worrying about if anybody else is having a good time, and ultimately, you have more control over the situation.
i regret hesitating to buy sza tickets man… next time i'm not going to let being alone stop me from going to a concert. — 💉lesbian vampire💉 (@brandywign) September 30, 2017
There's an entire other set of benefits to going to a concert with friends, of course, but this study shows that checking out a gig by yourself is also a valid option, and in some scenarios, can be a better experience.
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) — Next week, people across the country will witness a historic solar eclipse.
On Monday, scientists talked about how you can make sure you have a great viewing experience right here in the Tri-State Area.
As CBS2's Elise Finch reported, a solar eclipse is what happens when the moon passes between the sun and the earth, blocking all or part of the sun.
On August 21st, a total solar eclipse will be seen in 14 states, starting in Oregon and ending in South Carolina.
Because the United States is the only country that will experience this, some are calling it the great American eclipse, and a lot of people are anxious to see it.
“It's something you look forward to, like a benchmark in your life seeing the eclipse,” Brooklyn resident Paula Guevara said.
“It's not common, it's an event like once in a lifetime, not exactly but it's difficult to see so I'm going to enjoy the opportunity,” Midtown resident Marina Carbi said.
“Get the special glasses, I'm really interested to see how this looks,” Upper West Sider Prabhodhini Lakshmanen said.
On Monday morning, Neil deGrasse Tyson — noted astrophysicist and author — lead a discussion about the upcoming eclipse at the American Museum of Natural History.
The Tri-State Area isn't in the 70-mile “path of totality,” meaning we won't see a total solar eclipse. But if skies are clear, all we have to do is step outside and turn our eyes to the sky to see the moon block about 70 percent of the sun.
Some New Yorkers say it sounds amazing, but they probably won't be watching.
“I don't have the time,” one man said.
Experts say even if you aren't really a science enthusiast, this is one event people in the Tri-State Area just shouldn't miss.
“People write poems about the idea of standing in somebody's shadow,” astrophysicist Jackie Faherty said. “When you stand in somebody's shadow, that invokes a feeling in you. And on August 21st, you get to stand in the shadow of the moon. We get to stand in the largest possible shadow that can be cast on this earth.”
If getting the protective glasses and finding a viewing party sounds like too much work, Tyson suggests a simpler way to enjoy the eclipse.
“Go into your kitchen and get a spaghetti strainer or colander, not the mesh, the kind with the holes in it,” he said. “Go outside and hold that up over the ground, each of those holes will act as a pinhole camera and you'll see hundreds of images of the crescent sun on the ground and you can watch the eclipse unfold safely.”
The best viewing will hit the Tri-State Area around 2:44 p.m. Monday, but don't be late! It will only last for about two minutes.
The last time the continental United States saw a total solar eclipse was 1979. The next one happens in 2024.
Seattle Seahawks defensive end Michael Bennett said Sunday he will sit during the national anthem this season to protest social injustice and segregation.
Bennett sat on the visiting bench during "The Star-Spangled Banner" before the Seahawks' preseason opener against the Los Angeles Rams, a decision he made prior to protests by white supremacists at the University of Virginia over the weekend. But what happened in Charlottesville, Virginia, including the death of a young woman when she was struck by a car deliberately driven into a group of counter-protesters on Saturday, solidified Bennett's decision.
"With everything that's been going on the last couple of months and especially after the last couple of days, seeing everything in Virginia, seeing what's going on out there earlier today in Seattle, I just wanted to be able to use my platform to be able to continue to speak over injustice," Bennett said.
"First of all, I want people to understand I love the military. My father was in the military. I love hot dogs like any other American. I love football like any other American, but I don't love segregation. I don't love riots. I don't love oppression. I don't love to gender slander. I just want to see people have the equality that they deserve, and I want to be able to use this platform to continuously push the message of that, you know, and keep journeying out and keep finding out how unselfish can we be as a society."
Bennett was at least the third prominent NFL player to protest during the anthem in the first full week of preseason games. Oakland Raiders running back Marshawn Lynch, a former teammate of Bennett's in Seattle, also sat during the anthem. Los Angeles Rams defensive end Robert Quinn raised his right fist, continuing his approach from last season following then-San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick's decision to kneel during the anthem.
Kaepernick is a free agent, and the controversy over his decision to protest the anthem and the form he used has not quelled, even as he remains unsigned.
Bennett said he is willing to deal with similar fallout.
"Of course I'm going to face backlash," Bennett said. "This is bigger than me. This is bigger than football. This is bigger than anything that we have. This is about people. This is about bringing opportunities to people, giving people equality. This is bigger than a sport."
Bennett said he had spoken to several other NFL players about possible protests, but had not talked with Lynch yet. While he acknowledged the possibility of more widespread and formally organized protests happening later, Bennett wanted to express himself.
"I think everybody has a time where they feel like they need to be who they are and stand up for what they believe in," Bennett said.
Seahawks coach Pete Carroll did not have a response to Bennett's actions, saying he only became aware of it after the game.
Bennett said the aim of his protest is to make people uncomfortable. In the process, he hopes to spur greater communication, understanding and involvement across racial, gender and socio-economic lines.
"Everyone is in their comfort zone right now," Bennett said. "Get out there and become uncomfortable. Go out there and see what it's like out there in society right now."
DETROIT -- Jewel Upshaw, the mother of a G League basketball player who died in March after collapsing on the court during a game, has filed a lawsuit accusing the NBA and the Detroit Pistons of negligence.
Zeke Upshaw, 26, played for the Grand Rapids Drive, a G League affiliate of the Pistons. He collapsed during a game at Grand Rapids on March 24 and died two days later .
The lawsuit, which seeks a jury trial, was filed Wednesday in U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York. The NBA and Pistons are named as defendants, along with SSJ Group and The DeltaPlex Arena.
The lawsuit alleges that medical personnel at the game failed to attempt lifesaving measures in a timely fashion.
Information from the Associated Press was used in this report
Apple is bringing a straight-to-series order of Dickinson to its video content lineup. Starring Hailee Steinfeld (Pitch Perfect, True Grit) it will be about 1800s poet Emily Dickinson (via Deadline).
[Apple TV Guide: All of the Original Video Content for Apple Music]
Haily Steinfeld as Emily Dickinson
Written by Alena Smith (The Affair, The Newsroom) Dickinson is will be a modern comedy despite the 1800s setting. It will explore themes of societal constraints, gender issues, and family from the perspective of Ms. Dickinson, who doesn't quite fit in.
Dickinson joins other Apple video content like Are You Sleeping, Amazing Stories, and others as written in our Apple TV guide. Ms. Steinfeld is an Oscar-nominated actress and was nominated for her performance in True Grit, and she was nominated for a Golden Globe as a lead in The Edge of Seventeen.
[Apple Signs 10 Episode Deal for ‘Are You Sleeping' TV Series]
Goldman Sachs had a rare miss in its first quarter results, the bank said Tuesday, as its typically best-in-class trading desks did not perform as well as its competitors. The bank's stock to fall in pre-market trading.
The New York-based investment bank earned $2.16 billion compared with $1.2 billion in the same period a year earlier. On a per-share basis, Goldman Sachs earned $5.15 a share versus $2.68 a share in the same period a year earlier. But Goldman's results were well below the $5.31 a share expected by analysts, according to FactSet.
In a statement, Goldman Sachs Chairman and CEO Lloyd Blankfein called the quarter "mixed" and that client activity was "challenged."
Unlike its competitors, Goldman's trading desks struggled in the first quarter. The bank's trading division had net revenue of $3.36 billion in the first quarter, down 2 percent from a year earlier and down 7 percent from the fourth quarter. Trading revenues in bonds, currencies and commodities was effectively flat in quarter while trading revenues for stocks were down 6 percent from a year earlier.
The hit to Goldman's trading in the first quarter is a rare misstep for a bank known to have some of the best traders on Wall Street. JPMorgan Chase, Citigroup and Bank of America's trading divisions all reported increases in trading last quarter.
Goldman's investment banking business grew profits in the quarter, but its growth was not all the different from its competition. Investment banking net revenue was $1.7 billion in the quarter, up 16 percent from a year earlier. Underwriting revenue rose 37 percent from a year earlier.
Firm wide, the bank's had net revenue of $8.03 billion compared with $6.34 billion in the same period a year earlier. That also missed analysts' expectations of $8.37 billion.
Shares of Goldman Sachs sank 3 percent in pre-market trading to $219.99.
After prominent Atlanta attorney Claud "Tex" McIver allegedly shot his wife, Diane, while in a car driven by their friend, Diane McIver turned around and said, 'Tex, what did you do?" according to the sole witness.
Diane McIver's friend, Dani Jo Carter, who was driving the car at the time, testified today at the trial of Tex McIver, who is charged with malice murder. Tex McIver has said the September 2016 shooting was an accident and has pleaded not guilty.
Hyosub Shin/Atlanta Journal-Constitution via AP, FILE
The McIvers were passengers in a car driven by Carter when they ended up driving through a "bad part of town" at night, Tex McIver previously told investigators, according to the Fulton County medical examiner's investigative summary.
Diane McIver was sitting in the front passenger seat; a replica of the inside of the car was on display in the courtroom and Carter gave some of her testimony from the replica's driver's seat.
Carter said Tex McIver said to his wife, "Darling, hand me my gun," to which Diane McIver replied, "Tex, I don't even know where your gun is."
According to Carter, Tex McIver responded, "It's in the console." Diane McIver opened the console and her husband said the gun was in a plastic bag; Diane McIver then picked it up and handed it to him, according to Carter.
Alyssa Pointer/Atlanta Journal-Constitution via AP
Carter was stopped at a red light when, "I heard a big 'boom,'" she testified. "I didn't know what it was, I thought there was an explosion somewhere. My head turned to the right and I looked out the window and wondered where there was an explosion. ... I did not realize that it was a gunshot right away."
"Diane turned around ... she said, 'Tex what did you do?" Carter said. "He said, 'The gun discharged.'"
Alyssa Pointer/Atlanta Journal-Constitution via AP
"She was breathing really hard and kind of panicking," Carter said, adding that Diane McIver was making "horrible" noises and eventually lost consciousness.
"I thought she was dying," Carter said.
Tex McIver "was holding her head and saying 'Diane, Diane,'" but he was not screaming, yelling or "hysterical," according to Carter. Tex McIver was also not looking to figure out where his wife's wound was, according to Carter.
Fulton County Sheriffs Office
Carter said Tex McIver told her to be careful driving because there might be people walking with baby carriages -- but Carter said she didn't slow down and drove to a hospital.
Carter said that while in a hospital waiting room, Tex McIver said into his phone, "I know this doesn't look good,” and shortly after that phone call, a criminal attorney came to the hospital.
Carter said as she and Tex McIver were in the room, he said, "I don't trust these guys. Dani Jo, I hate to see you get wrapped up in this. I've seen how these things can go down. ... You just need to say you came down here as a friend of the family."
Carter said she responded, "Tex, I just drove you into the emergency room."
Carter told the jury: "Because if I just drove down there as a friend of the family, there was no reason for me to be down at Emory hospital ... with no car at 10 o'clock on a Sunday night ... 15 minutes after his wife had been shot. How was I supposed to explain that?"
Carter said that Tex McIver then said to her, "'Well they don't know that.' .... I said, 'I can't lie.' ... He said, 'Oh, I'm not asking you to do that.'"
Diane McIver died at the hospital that night.
Prosecutors alleged in opening statements that Tex McIver planned and intentionally shot his wife to gain control over the couple's ranch, according to The Atlanta Journal-Constitution.
However, defense attorney Amanda Clark claimed, “They seemed like lovebirds even after 10 years of marriage ... and that is why he did not intentionally shoot her," the newspaper said.
Alyssa Pointer/Atlanta Journal-Constitution via AP, Pool
Tex McIver, who was arrested in December 2016, told The Atlanta Journal-Constitution in an exclusive phone interview in October 2016 that the shooting was an accident, saying he fell asleep in the car with the gun in a plastic bag in his lap.
Tex McIver told the newspaper he "was suddenly awoken. I lurched and the gun fired. ... I must have forgotten it was in my lap."
Peter Moskowitz reveals why gentrification is about much more than just fancy coffee shops. Donate to order this gift now!
Essays on the very real dangers of antisemitism and the false accusations used to defend Israel, with a foreword by Judith Butler. Donate to order this gift now!
LETTERS TO THE EDITOR POLICY: To submit a letter to the editor for possible inclusion in the paper, e-mail us at letters@danapointtimes.com or send it to 34932 Calle del Sol, Suite B, Capistrano Beach, CA 92624. Dana Point Times reserves the right to edit reader-submitted letters for length and is not responsible for the claims made or the information written by the writers.
HARRY TOUART, San Clemente
I stumbled upon a highly organized protest gathering at the Outlets at San Clemente on Jan. 20. While grabbing a coffee at Starbucks around 8 a.m., I noticed close to 200 people gathering under the parking structure. Most were carrying antigovernment slogans, such as slurs toward President Donald Trump, #Resist and #BlackLivesMatter signs. Several people were wearing those ridiculous looking protest beanies with the two knots on top.
I stopped by to ask the security guard what was up. He told me an organization had rented out the parking structure to bus everyone to an antigovernment protest. This was obviously a very clandestine place to set up and well planned, out of the public eye, hidden inside the parking structure. There were four large buses inside the structure that were loaded with people to ship to a protest. Some political organization spent a large sum of money to set this up.
If the owners of the Outlets of San Clemente are supporting this antigovernment movement then I will never spend another dime there and will boycott the Outlets, which already has a sore spot with much of the local population, and now they are offering support to disrupt our republic. What is it about these people that want to see our nation fail?
Authorities have discovered the source of the mysterious booms heard rocking a Pennsylvania neighborhood last week, ABC Philadelphia station WPVI reported.
The loud sounds -- which have been heard in Bucks and Lehigh counties -- resulted from someone setting off explosives in the middle of the night, according to WPVI. Police have not rounded up any suspects and are asking for the public's help in identifying the person or persons responsible, WPVI reported.
Residents in those counties, some whom live miles apart, have been reporting explosion-like sounds that apparently rattled their homes and shifted the ground beneath them since April, according to WPVI. There have now been more than 20 explosions.
Upper Black Eddy resident Nick Zangli told WPVI that locals shoot guns and set of fireworks in the area "for fun," but described the noises he heard as "above and beyond."
The first time Zangli heard the noises was May 12 at 3:35 a.m. -- the Saturday before Mother's Day, he said.
"I happened to be awake and it scared the heck out of me," Zangli said, adding that it caused him to jump out of bed. "It was definitely a very large explosion."
WPVI
Richland Township Police Chief Richard Ficco told WPVI last week that the reports typically come in overnight before dawn. Most of them detailed "the ground shifting, almost shaking" as well as moving ceiling tiles and rattling windows, Ficco said.
Zangli said another resident reported a large hole nearby along the side of Lonely Cottage Road the day after he heard the explosion for the first time.
"I stopped and looked at it," he said. "It was obviously an explosion. It had blown debris across the road and stuff."
WPVI
Haycock Township resident Sue Crompton told WPVI that she heard a loud boom near her trailer along Old Bethlehem Road that "actually rumbled the whole room."
Two Richland Township Police officers have also heard the noise, and one of them even saw a flash of light, the police chief said.
The Pennsylvania State Police, who are leading the investigation into the reports, did not immediately respond to ABC News' request for comment Wednesday.
The FBI and ATF are assisting state police in the investigation.
5 Best Ski Lodges In The U.S. A look at five of the very best ski lodges in the United States.
Five Must-See Destinations In ParisWithin the 41 square miles of Paris, France there are over 60 main attractions for visitors to discover ranging from Museums, Churches, Monuments and Squares as well as examples of contemporary and traditional architecture. This is far too many sites for the average tourist to attempt to visit during a short stay in the city of lights. Thus a list of the five most famous and must see attractions is in order.
PHOENIX (AP) — As some cities reaffirm support for sanctuary policies that protect immigrants, Phoenix finds itself in an unusual position to push back against any immigration actions by the new White House.
The Phoenix City Council on Wednesday will discuss a petition to adopt the sanctuary label, following the lead of Chicago, Los Angeles, New York and others in a city with one of the nation's largest populations of immigrants in the country illegally. But the effort is complicated by the fact that Arizona's landmark 2010 immigration law, known as SB1070, bars any Arizona city from becoming a sanctuary.
The Phoenix metro area is home to about 250,000 immigrants in the country illegally, according to a report last week from the Pew Research Center. The report is based on data from 2014. New York, Los Angeles and Houston have the highest number of immigrants who lack legal status.
Cities are doubling down on sanctuary policies in light of an order by President Donald Trump requiring immigration authorities to arrest and deport more people. The city policies vary but essentially bar local police from cooperating with federal immigration authorities.
Phoenix has a Democratic, immigrant-friendly mayor who has denounced Trump, but his hands are tied because of SB1070.
The law requires local police to question the immigration status of people suspected of being in the country illegally while enforcing other laws or in the course of an investigation. Most of the law was gutted by the courts, but city leaders say the surviving sections prevent local government agencies from restricting the enforcement of federal immigration law.
Still, pressure has mounted on Mayor Greg Stanton from immigrant advocacy groups who want the city to adopt sanctuary policies and from police and Republican leaders who oppose the measure.
City attorney Brad Holm says in a letter to the city manager that the petition for sanctuary status is "legally impermissible."
"It demands that the council break state law. If the petition were adopted, a court could fine the city for breaking the law, and the attorney general could seek forfeiture of state-shared revenue," Holm wrote.
Stanton last week blasted the Trump administration over the deportation of 35-year-old Guadalupe Garcia de Rayos, a Phoenix-area woman who until now had been granted leniency by Obama policies that aimed to protect immigrants without violent pasts and who have ties to the community. Garcia de Rayos was arrested in Phoenix during a routine check-in with U.S. Immigration Customs Enforcement and was deported the next day to Nogales, Mexico.
"Rather than tracking down violent criminals and drug dealers, ICE is spending its energy deporting a woman with two American children who has lived here for more than two decades and poses a threat to nobody," Stanton wrote on Twitter.
Stanton denounced Garcia de Rayos' deportation, but immigration activists called on him to use his power and not just his voice.
"If there was ever a time when we need your courage and we need you to stand up and we need you to put actions behind saying that Phoenix PD is not gonna become a mass deportation machine, it's now," said Francisca Porchas, of Puente Arizona, an immigrant rights group. "This is when we need Mayor Stanton, the city council, the state, everybody who is of conscience to stand up and defy this racist law."
MIAMI (AP) — James Johnson scored a career-high 31 points, Kelly Olynyk added 30 off the bench and the Miami Heat set a franchise single-game scoring record by beating the Denver Nuggets 149-141 in double overtime Monday night.
Miami's total was also an NBA season-high and helped the Heat get back to the No. 7 spot in the Eastern Conference standings. Houston and Oklahoma City each scored 148 in games earlier this season.
Wayne Ellington scored 29 points for the Heat. Nikola Jokic had 34 for Denver, while Wilson Chandler added 26 for the Nuggets.
Neither team was at full strength. For Miami, Dwyane Wade (left hamstring strain) missed his fourth consecutive game, and Hassan Whiteside (left hip pain) sat out his fifth straight contest. Denver was without leading scorer Gary Harris, sidelined again by a strained right knee that could keep him out several more days.
Denver led 16-5 after 3 1/2 minutes, and that was the only double-digit lead by either side for about the next three hours. It was airtight until the very final moments.
CAVALIERS 124, BUCKS 117
CLEVELAND (AP) — LeBron James scored 40 points as part of his third triple-double in four games and Cleveland beat Milwaukee as coach Tyronn Lue began his leave of absence to address health issues.
Lue said Monday in a statement he has been dealing with chest pains and loss of sleep, and that tests have offered no conclusion about what the issue is. Associate head coach Larry Drew will run the team in Lue's absence.
James scored 17 points in the third quarter and finished with 12 rebounds and 10 assists for his 16th triple-double this season and 71st of his career.
The four-time MVP took over in the third beginning with back-to-back 3-pointers. After not getting a foul called on a third attempt, he finished Cleveland's next possession with a massive dunk. He was fouled attempting another dunk and made both free throws the following time down.
76ERS 108, HORNETS 104
PHILADELPHIA (AP) — Joel Embiid had 25 points and 19 rebounds and Ben Simmons had a triple-double to lead Philadelphia over Charlotte.
Simmons had 11 points, 12 rebounds and 15 assists to help the Sixers keep alive their shot at finishing fourth in the Eastern Conference and earning home-court advantage in the first round of the playoffs.
The 76ers have one of the easiest schedules of any team the rest of the season. The Sixers would have to pass Washington and Indiana to grab the No. 4 seed and stave off a potential Toronto or Boston matchup for at least a round.
The Hornets missed 17 of 21 shots in the third (1 of 5 on 3s) to crush their chances of stretching a seven-point halftime lead.
PACERS 110, LAKERS 100
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) — Victor Oladipo sparked a decisive run and finished with 20 points, Myles Turner had 21 points and Indiana recovered from a poor start for a victory over Los Angeles.
The victory snapped Indiana's two-game losing streak.
Los Angeles was led by Kyle Kuzma with 27 points and Brook Lopez with 23, but the Lakers still lost their third straight.
Oladipo and Darren Collison got Indiana going with back-to-back 3-pointers midway through the third quarter for a 77-70 lead.
KNICKS 110, BULLS 92
NEW YORK (AP) — Tim Hardaway Jr. scored 22 points and Michael Beasley added 17 as New York beat Chicago.
Enes Kanter had 10 points and 13 rebounds, while Troy Williams added 11 for the Knicks.
Cristiano Felicio scored a career-high 17 points for the Bulls, who were missing their top three scorers and went 3-for-30 from 3-point range. Bobby Portis and Antonio Blakeney scored 16 points apiece.
NETS 118, GRIZZLIES 115
NEW YORK (AP) — Allen Crabbe and Caris LeVert each scored 22 points and Brooklyn beat Memphis.
Rondae Hollis-Jefferson had 16 points and 12 rebounds, and DeMarre Carroll scored 18 points for the Nets, who have two straight wins for the first time since Jan. 19-21.
Andrew Harrison, who missed Memphis' last nine games due to a right wrist injury, scored 19 points, and Brionte Webber had a career-high 15. The Grizzlies have lost 20 of 21.
___
More AP basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
23:15 Reported News Briefs Nissan 3, 5778 , 19/03/18 Nissan 3, 5778 , 19/03/18 Temperatures to peak on Tuesday It will be clear overnight with mist and cloudiness developing over the coastal plain on Tuesday. Otherwise clear with temperatures peaking above Monday levels before a significant drop but they'll remain unseasonably high. Clear to partly cloudy and slightly warmer on Wednesday. Significant warming on Thursday will bring temperatures back up to the Sharav extreme range with a chance of dust. Additional warming is expected on Friday, along with strong winds and a chance of dust. Tuesday highs:
Jerusalem: 23Celsius/73Fahrenheit;
Kinneret/Sea of Galilee: 28C/82F; Golan Heights:24/75;
Haifa, Tel Aviv: 22/71; Be'er Sheva: 27/80; Dead Sea: 31/87;
Eilat: 32/89 ► ◄ Last Briefs
HARTFORD, Conn. (AP) — Aetna is reporting a better-than-expected profit of $244 million for the fourth quarter.
The Hartford, Connecticut, company's per-share profit was 74 cents, or $1.25 when adjusted for one-time charges and costs. That beat Wall Street projections by 7 cents, according to a poll of industry analysts by Zacks Investment Research.
The health insurer posted revenue of $14.85 billion. Adjusted revenue was $14.74 billion, which is just shy of analyst expectations for $14.89 billion.
There was no early trading Tuesday in shares of Aetna Inc., which are up 7 percent this year.
_____
This story was generated by Automated Insights (http://automatedinsights.com/ap) using data from Zacks Investment Research. Access a Zacks stock report on AET at https://www.zacks.com/ap/AET
If Javascript is disabled browser, to place orders please visit the page where I sell my photos, powered by Fotomoto.
Transcript for President Trump to sign executive order targeting foreign work visas
President Trump is poised to sign an executive order in Wisconsin today highlighting his push to buy American and higher American and he orders aims to make changes to visa programs like the H one B which is often used by tech companies to attract high skilled workers from other countries. The White House says those B says undercut American's by bringing in cheaper labor. The order also calls for stricter requirements for the federal government to use American made products. Well on this tax day the current administration is fending off criticism about a lack of transparency. After thousands of protesters turned out across the country to call on president from to release his tax returns. The White House again citing ongoing audits but declined to provide proof of those audits. For explain why the president has a release taxes for the years that are not under audit. You always talk about to wilt under audit the president's is underwater. Is is it times to say Watson falls the president is never going to release his tax returns. We'll have to get back him. You what I mean you see. I mean really. We may know I sent it after your backyard and I think that forced he still wonders audit that statement still stands. Our Jonathan Karl there was Sean Spicer and Spicer also defended the president for his decision. To keep White House visitor logs secret he said they maintain the same policy. That other administrations did prior to the last one.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Manchester City's midfielders must accept rotation this season as Pep Guardiola picks through an enviable raft of alternatives in central areas.
David Silva and Kevin de Bruyne reprised their dual play-making roles of last season, and combined to set up Sergio Aguero's opener as City began their Premier League campaign with a 2-0 win at Brighton and Hove Albion on Saturday.
Fernandinho undertook the holding role, with Yaya Toure, Raheem Sterling, Leroy Sané and new signing Bernardo Silva all stationed on the bench at the Amex Stadium.
Guardiola believes the players at his disposal will help City achieve his desired playing style, and bounce back from a trophyless return last time around, but warned the array of international stars that patience will be required.
‘If they are not a little bit generous and a little bit kind, it will be difficult. There are a lot of games and everybody is going to play,' he told reporters.
‘If you want to play in a certain way that I like, to monopolise the ball, you need talent and we've got it. Our midfield position is really good.
‘Yaya, for example didn't play because of Fernandinho, but [Ilkay] Gundogan is coming back soon, with Kevin, with Silva, with Bernardo; Rash can play in that position, Phil Foden played outstanding in the pre-season.
‘All of them have a lot of quality. When a player has the ball and doesn't lose the ball, I love that. They keep it well and all of them are going to play.
‘Last season I rotated the team a lot and this season it's going to happen again. After that it depends on them, whether they accept my decisions or not.
‘If they don't accept it will be their problem, not mine.'
One man Guardiola conceded was unfortunate to miss out on the opening weekend was England winger Sterling.
‘In the line-up he deserved to play,' the former Barcelona boss said, having introduced the 22-year-old as a replacement for Gabriel Jesus. ‘He played awesome in there.
‘I would like to be generous to the guys who train good, but he knows that it is just the first game and there are a lot of games.
‘He has the quality to help us a lot in the small spaces and he has the quality to attack central defenders one-against-one, creating chances for the other ones. He will be so important for us.'
Even as Guardiola's rotation gets into full swing, with Everton next on the agenda in the Premier League, it seems unlikely that David Silva will spend too much time out of City's starting XI.
The Spain playmaker fulfilled his customary role as the team's creative fulcrum at Brighton, as he has since joining from Valencia in 2010.
‘He's a guy who likes to play, he is not afraid,' Guardiola added. ‘He has courage, especially in the bad moments, to ask for the ball and play and play and play.
‘I love to see the players when the situation is uncomfortable. But we depend on everybody, not just David alone.'
– This story originally appeared on FourFourTwo.co.za
French Open - Roland Garros Tennis - French Open - Roland Garros, Paris, France - May 28, 2018 Denmark's Caroline Wozniacki in action during her first round match against Danielle Collins of the U.S REUTERS/Gonzalo Fuentes
By Ossian Shine
PARIS (Reuters) - The most recently minted Grand Slam champion in tennis booked her second round French Open slot on Monday as Caroline Wozniacki overcame a stuttering start to beat Danielle Collins 7-6(2) 6-1 in Paris.
The Dane, who landed her first major at the Australian Open earlier this year in what was her 43rd Grand Slam attempt, generally prefers faster surfaces, but looked increasingly at ease once she had ironed out some early glitches.
Collins, coming into this tournament on a career-high ranking of 42, fought throughout but was unable to hold off Wozniacki who won on a bizarre point after the umpire ruled a Collins shot had been long while the American, her back turned, was preparing to play on.
Seeded two here, Wozniacki is one of six players who could end the tournament world number one.
(Editing by Christian Radnedge)
LONDON (AP) — Britain's information commissioner plans to apply for a warrant to access the servers of Cambridge Analytica, which allegedly used data mined from Facebook to help Donald Trump win the 2016 presidential election.
Commissioner Elizabeth Denham said in a statement Monday that she would request the warrant because Cambridge Analytica had been uncooperative with her investigation into whether the company illegally acquired and used Facebook data.
"This is a complex and far-reaching investigation for my office and any criminal or civil enforcement actions arising from it will be pursued vigorously," she said.
Denham launched her investigation after weekend reports that Cambridge Analytica improperly used information from more than 50 million Facebook accounts. Facebook has suspended the company from the social network while it investigates the claims.
Facebook said Monday that it has put its own audit of the claims on hold at the request of the U.K. information commissioner.
The New York Times and the U.K.'s Guardian newspaper reported that the U.K.-based company obtained Facebook account data without the users' knowledge and retained it after claiming it had been deleted. Chris Wylie, who once worked for Cambridge Analytica, was quoted as saying the company used the data to build psychological profiles so voters could be targeted with ads and stories.
Cambridge Analytica says the information was acquired from a contractor who was contractually obligated to comply with data-protection laws. None of the data was used in the Trump campaign, the company said.
"I'm not accepting their response so therefore I'll be applying to the court for a warrant," Denham told Britain's Channel 4. "We need to get in there, we need to look at the databases, we need to look at the servers and understand how data was processed or deleted by Cambridge Analytica."
The scandal has also triggered calls for further investigation from the European Union, as well as federal and state officials in the United States.
The head of the EU parliament said Monday that the bloc will investigate Facebook's role in the case.
"Allegations of misuse of Facebook user data is an unacceptable violation of our citizens' privacy rights," Antonio Tajani tweeted. "The European Parliament will investigate fully, calling digital platforms to account."
U.S. Sen. Ron Wyden of Oregon and Connecticut Attorney General George Jepsen, both Democrats, have sought written responses from Facebook. Massachusetts Attorney General Maura Healey, also a Democrat, promised an investigation.
U.K. lawmakers have already called on Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg to testify before a parliamentary committee.
___
Associated Press Writers Nick Jessdanun and Barbara Ortutay in New York contributed to this story
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
DHAKA, Bangladesh (AP) — Bangladesh's government condemned an attack on New York City's subway system, as it emerged that the suspect is an immigrant from the South Asian nation.
"Bangladesh is committed to its declared policy of 'Zero Tolerance' against terrorism, and condemns terrorism and violent extremism in all forms or manifestations anywhere in the world, including Monday morning's incident in New York City," the government statement said in a statement.
Police in Bangladesh said Tuesday that they were not in a position to comment on the suspect, identified by U.S. authorities as Akayed Ullah, a 27-year-old Bangladeshi immigrant. Ullah is accused of strapping a crude pipe bomb to his body and detonating it during rush hour Monday in an attack in which only he was seriously wounded.
Ullah arrived in the United States in 2011 and the Department of Homeland Security said he's a lawful permanent resident of the U.S. who was living in Brooklyn. He came to the U.S. on a visa issued to him based on a family connection to a U.S. citizen.
Law enforcement officials familiar with the investigation said Ullah had looked at Islamic State group propaganda online and told investigators he was retaliating against U.S. military aggression, but had no direct contact with the group. The people spoke to The Associated Press on the condition of anonymity because they weren't authorized to speak publicly about the blast.
Ullah's family in the U.S. said in a statement that it was heartbroken and deeply saddened by the suffering the attack has caused.
___
Associated Press writer Colleen Long in New York contributed to this report.
Lin-Manuel Miranda has recruited an all-star lineup for his new track “Almost Like Praying.”
Related: Lin-Manuel Miranda Unveils “Immigrants” Video
Marc Anthony, Ruben Blades, Camila Cabello, Pedro Capo, Dessa, Gloria Estefan, Fat Joe, Luis Fonsi, Juan Luis Guerra, Alex Lacamoire, John Leguizamo, Jennifer Lopez, Rita Moreno, Ednita Nazario, Joell Ortiz, Anthony Ramos, Gina Rodriguez, Gilberto Santa Rosa, PJ Sin Suela, Tommy Torres, and Ana Villafañe are all featured on the new song, which will raise money for hurricane relief in Puerto Rico.
Written by Miranda only last week, the original song borrows its title and instantly indelible hook from the classic show tune “Maria,” from West Side Story.
Check out the star-studded charity single below.
LAS VEGAS (AP) — Boxer Floyd Mayweather says on Instagram that he'll fight UFC star Conor McGregor on Aug. 26 in Las Vegas.
So the NBA 2016-2017 season is officially in the books and whether you like it or not, the Golden State Warriors are the champs!!!! The guys were so thrilled about their new status as champions, that they got all LITTY IN THE CITY of Oakland!!!! They had so much fun that they reportedly racked up over $150,000!!!! Check out the breakdown below!!!!
First up, the Warriors did the traditional champagne shower in their locker room where they went through 300 Bottles!!!!
#Warriors already have gone thru 300 bottles of champagne pic.twitter.com/c2VzIOaj6f — Ron Kroichick (@ronkroichick) June 13, 2017
Then the team decided that they weren't done celebrating their BIG win!!!! Next stop…a well-known nightclub named Harlot, according to Draymond Green. That's were it went down for real!!!! They reportedly went through 80 Bottles of champagne!!!! Here's a pic of Steph Curry holding up a humongous bottle of Moet which is valued at $15K a bottle!!!!
Steph loves champagne. (So do I). Alchemy sent us this pic of the Warriors at the Harlot Nightclub in San Francisco. pic.twitter.com/5K1OTg43Qy — Lisa Fernandez (@ljfernandez) June 13, 2017
The bottle was even engraved for the Champs!!!!
Warriors had custom engraved bottles of nectar rose at party in San Francisco last night pic.twitter.com/9AODAnGYVN — Darren Rovell (@darrenrovell) June 13, 2017
Kevin Durant even had his NBA Finals MVP trophy out with him on the town to celebrate with fan!!!!
Kevin Durant leaving Oracle with his Finals MVP trophy just now. Quite the scene pic.twitter.com/ja8Mtyaxiu — Anthony Slater (@anthonyVslater) June 13, 2017
The Warriors are expected to have their championship parade tomorrow morning at 10 a.m. At least that gives them enough time to sleep off their hangovers!!!! LOL!!!! Congrats guys!!!! Miami Heat, we're up NEXT for that championship of the 2017-2018 season RIGHT?!?!
{"id":49215251,"title":"White nationalists organize protest outside Charlottesville courthouse","duration":"1:53","description":"These organizers are blaming the police for not protecting them during Saturday's demonstration and vow to return for another rally.","url":"/WNT/video/white-nationalists-organize-protest-charlottesville-courthouse-49215251","section":"WNT","mediaType":"default"}
Following the violence in Charlottesville over the weekend, and President Trump's continued inability (until he had to do so) to directly condemn white supremacists' and neo-Nazis' actions, the White House and other members of the Trump administration scrambled to assure the press that the President totally meant “white supremacists” in his comments. Yet many others quickly took their own steps to say that white supremacy is not okay.
One person who did not mince words denouncing white nationalism was Pearce Tefft, a Fargo resident whose son Peter Tefft is a prominent white nationalist who was present in Charlottesville. In an op-ed for Inforum, a news site that covers North Dakota and Minnesota, the elder Tefft disavowed his son:
“I, along with all of his siblings and his entire family, wish to loudly repudiate my son's vile, hateful and racist rhetoric and actions. We do not know specifically where he learned these beliefs. He did not learn them at home. “I have shared my home and hearth with friends and acquaintances of every race, gender and creed. I have taught all of my children that all men and women are created equal. That we must love each other all the same. “Evidently Peter has chosen to unlearn these lessons, much to my and his family's heartbreak and distress. We have been silent up until now, but now we see that this was a mistake. It was the silence of good people that allowed the Nazis to flourish the first time around, and it is the silence of good people that is allowing them to flourish now. “Peter Tefft, my son, is not welcome at our family gatherings any longer. I pray my prodigal son will renounce his hateful beliefs and return home. Then and only then will I lay out the feast.”
Tefft goes on to say that it's not fair that the rest of the family is associated with his son's “twisted worldview” before asking his son to “renounce the hate, accept and love all.”
On Monday, Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier, the only black member of Trump's American Manufacturing Council, very publicly resigned his position as a presidential business advisor because of President Trump's tepid response to Charlottesville. Weirdly, President Trump condemned Frazier's decision within minutes on Twitter. Elsewhere on Twitter, a campaign to identify torch-wielders from Friday night's rally led to Cole White, a Berkeley hot dog restaurant employee, losing his job.
(Via Inforum)
Here is a recap of this week's episode of "What Would You Do?" with ABC's John Quiñones.
What would you do: Gender-appropriate toys
A young boy picks out a doll for his mother to buy him at a toy store. She is ashamed by his choice and wants him to select what she considers a boy's toy. A young girl wants to play with a truck, but her mother does not agree with her choice. What will other shoppers think when they see the mothers disapprove? Watch what happens:
What would you do: Half his age
A single father is introducing his daughter to his girlfriend for the first time. The daughter doesn't approve of his falling in love with a much younger woman. How will others react? Watch what happens:
What would you do: OCD waiter
A waiter's obsessive-compulsive disorder is upsetting a pair of diners who say it is affecting their dining experience. How will other customers react? Watch what happens:
What would you do: Roadside assistance
On a busy street, a motorist doesn't know how to change his flat tire. How quickly will passersby offer to assist? What happens when the stranded motorist is an attractive blond woman? What about a Muslim man? Watch what happens:
What would you do: Lesbian cake discrimination
A lesbian couple is being denied a wedding cake at a bakery because the owner says same-sex marriage is in conflict with his beliefs. With whom will the other customers side? Watch what happens:
JERUSALEM (AP) — The Israeli government has acknowledged it cannot expel African migrants against their will and has canceled all pending deportation orders.
In a statement to the Supreme Court on Tuesday, the state says: "It is not possible to implement expulsions to a third country without (migrants') consent."
Some 35,000 African migrants, mostly from Sudan and Eritrea, are in Israel. The government wants most of them to leave, but has not been able to find a way to expel them lawfully.
Last month, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu reached a deal with the U.N. to resettle half of the migrants in Western nations and absorb the rest. But hours later, he called it off, caving in to nationalist critics who said it wasn't enough.
"Don't worry, white people," Hari Kondabolu jokes on his comedy album, "Waiting for 2042."
“You were the minority when you came to this country. Things seem to have worked out for you.”
It is this sarcasm that distinguishes Kondabolu's particular style of comedy. He found his voice and a way to make racism funny. Yet his career path was not a linear one.
“I went from wanting to be a lawyer, to being an immigrant rights organizer, to being a comedian,” said Kondabolu. “So I kind of very slowly -- with subtlety and intention -- so that by the time we got to comedian [my parents] were already on board with ‘this is not going to be what we want.'”
It has, however, proven to be what millions of Americans want. Like most comedians, Kondabolu has built his audience over years – performing stand-up across the country, writing and performing on critically-acclaimed shows like "Totally Biased With W. Kamau Bell" (with whom he now hosts the Politically Re-Active podcast), and recording full-length comedy albums. But he's kept his audience -- a loyal and engaged following -- with his consistently unique, astute and unflinching observations on race and class and justice in America.
“People of color were where the jokes came from,” the Queens-raised, Brooklyn-based comic said about his early exposure to comedy. “We were the props. We were talked about. We didn't get to write the scripts and we didn't get to speak for ourselves. So what is it like when it's the other way around?”
Kondabolu's comedy carries with it the weight of our American reality. His words have now found their way onto protest placards and internet memes. One of his lines -- “Saying I'm obsessed with racism in America is like saying I'm obsessed with swimming when I'm drowning” -- has been shared widely on social media, and was spotted on marchers' signs following the death of Eric Garner, a Staten Island man who was killed by police officer Daniel Pantaleo in 2014.
The election of Donald Trump and the divisive language used during the 2016 presidential campaign, Kondabolu said, reveals how far we still have to go as a nation when it comes to civil rights. That equality, he argued, will never come about without all Americans actively working toward it.
“The idea that the civil rights movement is a living thing. It's not just a period of time,” he said. “There's something to be said for ignoring something, allowing something to happen. You're aiding and abetting in racism even if you're not actively taking part in it.”
Check out the full conversation on this week's episode of "Uncomfortable."
Download and subscribe to the "Uncomfortable" podcast on Apple Podcasts, Google Play Music, Stitcher, and ABC News podcasts.
Kondabolu was interviewed as part of a series called 'Uncomfortable," hosted by Amna Nawaz, that offers in-depth honest conversations with influential figures about issues dividing America.
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & […]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the […]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous […]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, […]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for […]
The legal battle between Taylor Swift and former Denver country radio DJ David Mueller is over.
Related: Taylor Swift Takes Stand in Trial Vs Former Denver DJ
A jury ruled in Swift's favor awarding her the symbolic $1 she was countersuing for, according to CNN.
In a statement Swift wrote:
I want to thank Judge William J. Martinez and the jury for their careful consideration, my attorneys Doug Baldridge, Danielle Foley, Jay Schaudies and Katie Wright for fighting for me and anyone who feels silenced by a sexual assault, and especially anyone who offered their support throughout this four-year ordeal and two-year long trial process.
I acknowledge the privilege that I benefit from in life, in society and in my ability to shoulder the enormous cost of defending myself in a trial like this. My hope is to help those whose voices should also be heard. Therefore, I will be making donations in the near future to multiple organizations that help sexual assault victims defend themselves.
The jury also found the singer's mother, Andrea Swift, and manager Frank Bell not liable for tortious interference.
Today in 5 Lines
White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said the “eroding level of trust” between the president and his national security adviser, Michael Flynn, drove Trump to ask for Flynn's resignation—an account that differs from those of White House reporters. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said it's highly likely that the Senate Intelligence Committee will investigate Flynn's talks with the Russian ambassador. Officials said F.B.I. agents interviewed Flynn shortly after Trump took office. The Office of Government Ethics issued a letter urging the White House to investigate Kellyanne Conway, a top adviser to Trump, and “consider taking disciplinary action against her” for endorsing Ivanka Trump's label. And Jason Chaffetz, chairman of the House Oversight Committee, asked White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus to provide more information on “widespread reports that sensitive information may have been shared or discussed in a common area at Mar-a-Lago” by Trump over the weekend.
Recommended: The Nationalist Right Is Coming for Priebus
Today on The Atlantic
‘Who Knew What, and When?': Krishnadev Calamur recaps key events leading up to the resignation of National Security Adviser Michael Flynn.
A Ship Without a Captain: Michael Flynn's resignation calls attention to problems within Donald Trump's National Security Council whose success “depends critically on the ability of a competent staff working directly for the president to orchestrate it.” (Eliot A. Cohen)
No Time to Waste: Donald Trump's Cabinet, “while growing, still has too many empty seats.” Andrew McGill illustrates how Trump's Cabinet compares with his predecessors' after the same amount of time in office.
Follow stories throughout the day with our Politics & Policy portal.
Snapshot
Testifying before the Senate Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Committee, Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen said the Fed will likely need to raise interest rates at an upcoming meeting. Joshua Roberts / Reuters More
Recommended: Why Flynn's Resignation Matters
What We're Reading
A New Normal: The Washington Post reports that White House aides, concerned about a potential staff shake-up, are trying “to avoid appearing ‘weak' or ‘low­ energy.'” (Ashley Parker and Philip Rucker)
‘The Political Assassination of Michael Flynn': The White House claims that Trump asked for his national-security adviser's resignation because he misled the administration. But, writes Bloomberg's Eli Lake, “a better explanation here is that Flynn was just thrown under the bus.”
Facing Reality: Sarah Kliff spoke with “people who struck out on their own—left a job, started a business, went back to school”—after the passage of the Affordable Care Act. Now, that career freedom is threatened as the law faces an uncertain future under the Trump administration. (Vox)
On the Downlow: While the Trump administration's daily activities take up the national spotlight, Congress has been getting to work. Not on big-ticket campaign promises, but “a hand-picked collection of discrete measures” aimed at dismantling Obama-era regulations. (Lisa Mascaro, The Los Angeles Times)
The Dog Who Caught the Car?: For years, Obamacare repeal has been “a winning Republican message—an indictment of its polarizing namesake, of big-spending Democrats and of the boogeyman of creeping socialism all rolled into one.” But how will Republicans do it—and will Trump support them? (Robert Draper, The New York Times Magazine)
Recommended: How to Build an Autocracy
Visualized
In Spicer's House: The White House press secretary has “upended some of the longstanding traditions” of the daily press briefings. Take a look at these graphics to learn how the process has changed. (Larry Buchanan and Karen Yourish, The New York Times)
Question of the Week
On Monday, February 20, we'll celebrate Presidents' Day. This week, we'd like to know: What U.S. president do you admire most—and why?
Send your answers to hello@theatlantic.com, and our favorites will be featured in Friday's Politics & Policy Daily.
-Written by Elaine Godfrey (@elainejgodfrey) and Candice Norwood (@cjnorwoodwrites)
Read more from The Atlantic:
This article was originally published on The Atlantic.
By Jason Keidel
» More Columns
Yes, some of us said the Yankees would be rather weak this year, based largely on the one diamond essential for any baseball club, starting pitching.
Then the Yanks, as projected, bombed the first week of the season. Aside from CC Sabathia, no one could sniff the sixth inning.
Now this. They've gone from the 1969 Yankees to the 1998 Yankees. The starters have been giving them length, and the bullpen has been untouchable. Speaking of length, the Bombers have lived up to their sobriquet, with bombs freckling the bleachers and beyond. Greg Bird hit a most monstrous shot Sunday night — one of 18 team home runs so far this young season — as the Yankees swept St. Louis out of the Big Apple, a sea of Cardinals red washing upon the banks of the Harlem River.
All this before the Yanks' win Monday night over the White Sox.
Many of you could say you saw this coming, but most of you would be lying. On Patriots Day, a most sacred (and solemn) day in Boston, it's the Yankees, not the Red Sox, who are the early surprise of the season. It is the Yankees who are tied for the AL lead with nine wins so far this season. It is the Yankees who are the only MLB team to start 7-0 at home this season. (Atlanta is 3-0.) It is the Yankees who are the most scalding squad in the sport, the only team to win eight straight overall.
The Yanks have scored the third-most runs (67) in Major League Baseball, are fourth in batting average (.267), fourth in home runs (18), fourth in slugging percentage (.452), and lead all of MLB in on-base percentage (.353), and walks (58). And while their reputation is as an Earl Weaver, station-to-station lineup, get on base then wait for the three-run homer, the Yanks are also second in stolen bases (12).
And they are doing all this, let me remind you, without Gary Sanchez, the Bomber who is supposed to be the king masher of them all.
While their rotation was rotten to open the season, the Yankees' pitching has now swung (quite severely) the other way. Again, out of all MLB teams, the Yankees are fourth in ERA (3.19), sixth in BAA (.220), fifth in strikeouts (122), fourth in earned runs (36), third in walks (33), first in strikeouts per nine innings (10.13), first in strikeouts per walk (3.90) and third in WHIP (1.15). So essentially, the Yankees' pitching is in the top five in the sport in every salient statistic. (BAA, K/per BB, and K/per 9 IPs don't include Monday night's game against Chicago.)
Maybe the Cardinals are just slow out of the gate, but the Yankees are simply smoking teams, leaving vapors behind. Pick a pitcher, a batter, or night, and the Bombers are doing it all. It's early, of course, and no pennant was ever won or lost in April. And while many of us branded the Bombers an averaged ball club — and we could still very well be right — there's no nobility in hiding behind our keyboards or under our desks.
Of course, we prematurely lurch toward the good or bad after a small sample. But few saw 9-4. Not after their woeful start. Maybe it means nothing, but a late-inning rally against Baltimore on April 9 kept the Yanks from plunging to 1-5. They haven't lost since. Their current pitching stats are even more eye-popping when you consider Sabathia was the only starter to reach the sixth inning that first week. When you consider their ace, Masahiro Tanaka had a swollen 11.74 ERA after two starts. When you consider the rest of the rotation after CC had hemorrhaged 18 runs over 16 2/3 innings.
For now, at least, the Yankees are making cynics, like yours truly, look silly. So if you'd like a pundit or two to eat some pinstriped crow, here's one volunteer, at the carnival sitting gingerly on that seat while you chuck the ball that plunges us into the water.
For now, at least, we get wet, while the Yankees stay hot.
Follow Jason on Twitter at @JasonKeidel
A rise in the number of homeless people and beggars on the streets of Leighton Buzzard of late has been reported.
A number of people have contacted the town council about the situation, who have alerted Central Beds Council as it is charged with addressing homelessness issues.
A town council spokesman said: “We have received correspondence from residents and businesses concerned for the welfare [of those on the streets]. The concerns raised have been passed to Central Bedfordshire Council as the social care provider.
“In terms of town council support, the Town Mayor has chosen the homeless as one of his charities for this year. Furthermore, the homeless service has successfully applied for and received both general and guaranteed grants from the town council for its work in supporting the night shelter at the Black Horse.”
The fallout continues from disgraced doctor Larry Nassar's molestation of young athletes within USA Gymnastics, including the resignation of the governing body's entire board of directors. Several sports have been impacted by sexual misconduct and abuse cases involving authority figures and children in the past decade. Among them:
GYMNASTICS:
Nassar, a 54-year-old former doctor for USA Gymnastics and member of Michigan State's sports medicine staff, admitted to molesting athletes while he was supposedly treating them for injuries. Nassar was the U.S. national team's doctor from 1995 to 2015.
Some of the more than 150 women and girls who have accused him said they complained about his behavior as far back as the late 1990s. Olympians McKayla Maroney, Simone Biles and Aly Raisman are among his accusers. Nassar was sentenced to up to 175 years in prison .
Michigan State President Lou Anna Simon resigned and athletic director Mark Hollis retired in the wake of the case.
SOCCER:
In November 2016, a handful of former soccer players broke their silence about the sexual abuse they suffered at the hands of youth coaches. The effect has been bigger than they could have imagined.
According to the most recent figures issued by a specialist police unit investigating non-recent child sexual abuse in British soccer, 294 alleged suspects have been identified and the number of victims stands at 839, ranging from age 4 to 20.
One former coach, Barry Bennell, is currently on trial in Liverpool, England, accused of 48 counts of child sexual abuse against a total of 11 complainants. He has already pleaded guilty to seven counts of indecent assault.
FOOTBALL:
Jerry Sandusky , a longtime assistant coach at Penn State under Joe Paterno, is serving up to 60 years in prison for sexually abusing 10 boys between 1994 and 2009. He met his victims though a charity he ran for at-risk youth.
Penn State's former president, Graham Spanier, and two other ex-administrators, Tim Curley and Gary Schultz, were prosecuted for child endangerment for not reporting a 2001 complaint about Sandusky showering with a boy. Sandusky's arrest a decade later blew up into a scandal that led to Paterno's dismissal in 2011.
As of last year, Penn State had paid nearly $250 million in fines, settlements and other costs associated with the scandal.
SWIMMING:
In 2010, a report on the television news program 20/20 addressed sexual abuse within the sport, noting that 36 coaches had been banned for life. That list has since grown to nearly 150 coaches.
Andy King was sentenced to 40 years in prison in 2010 for molesting girls training with the San Jose Aquatics Club. He was charged with 20 counts of lewd acts with girls 15 and younger. He was alleged to have impregnated one of his victims when she was 14.
In 2008, Central Indiana Aquatics coach Brian Hindson was accused of setting up hidden cameras in locker rooms. He pleaded guilty to charges including distribution, production and possession of child pornography and was sentenced to 33 years in prison.
USA Swimming executive director Chuck Wielgus, who died last year, came under fire for his handling of sex abuse cases. While he at first denied culpability, he later apologized in a blog post: "I wish my eyes had been more open to the individual stories of the horrors of sexual abuse. I wish I had known more so perhaps I could have done more."
HOCKEY:
Boston Bruins forward Sheldon Kennedy came forward in 1997 with claims he was sexually abused by Canadian youth coach Graham James beginning in 1984 when he was 14. Some six players ultimately said they had been abused by Graham, including Theo Fleury. Graham served two different stretches in prison.
Graham was a prominent coach in the Western Hockey League, leading the Swift Current Broncos to the Memorial Cup title in 1989. He was named Man of the Year by The Hockey News following the championship, an honor the publication later rescinded.
Kennedy has since become an advocate for victims' rights.
SANTO DOMINGO, Dominican Republic (AP) — Negotiators from Venezuelan's government and opposition say they'll return home to consult with their supporters on potential aspects of an accord to settle the nation's deep divides.
The leaders emerged Wednesday from the latest round of closed-door negotiations in the Dominican Republic with contrasting assessments of how far the negotiations have advanced.
Venezuela's Minister of Communications Jorge Rodriguez said a tentative deal had been signed, but opposition lawmaker Julio Borges said they'd only reached an agreement on certain points.
Borges said there's no deal until both sides agree to all agenda items.
Both sides are flying back to Caracas for consultations and are expected to return Monday.
The opposition is pressing for fair presidential elections, among other demands. The government wants the opposition's help in easing international sanctions.
Fishing on a diversified fishery brings moments of excitement along with utter disappointment. After recently fishing a Bassmaster College Series event on Cherokee Lake in Tennessee, the different habits of smallmouth bass, largemouth bass and spotted bass were made evident.
As deliberations in Bill Cosby's sexual assault trial continue into a fourth day Thursday, nerves are frayed, patience is shot and no one is certain when it will all end.
Some jurors appeared angry, the judge sounded exasperated and accuser Andrea Constand's mother broke down in tears Wednesday.
The sequestered jury has been at it for more than 27 hours since getting the case Monday, pausing a half-dozen times to revisit key evidence, including Cosby's decade-old admissions that he fondled Constand after giving her pills.
Judge Steven O'Neill seemed vexed at times as the court staff struggled to answer the jury's requests. One batch of requested testimony hadn't even been transcribed yet.
But when jurors asked to stop for the day Wednesday night, O'Neill was effusive with praise — encouraging their diligence as they weigh charges that could put the 79-year-old Cosby in prison for the rest of his life.
"This is an incredible jury that has just acted with incredible dignity and fidelity," O'Neill said. "I don't have any higher praise. You have taken your task so seriously."
Cosby is charged with three counts of aggravated indecent assault. Each carries a maximum 10-year prison term, though the counts could be merged at sentencing if he is convicted.
The case has already helped demolish his nice-guy reputation as America's Dad.
Cosby has wavered between stoic and smiling as he awaits his fate, but gave a brief thumbs-up as jurors listened to a court reporter reread his January 2005 police interview.
In it, he claimed Constand showed no ill effects from the 1 1/2 Benadryl pills he gave her to help her relax, and that she never objected to his behavior during the 2004 encounter at his suburban Philadelphia home.
Constand testified last week that she was paralyzed by the pills and unable to fight Cosby off. Her mother, Gianna Constand, pulled a cloth from her pocket to wipe away tears Wednesday as she listened to the testimony.
Cosby's lawyers maintain Constand was a willing sexual partner.
Some jurors closed their eyes and tilted their heads down as they listened to the police interview. One slunk down in his seat, looking angry.
"Can you find 12 people who will agree? That's the question," said criminal lawyer Alan J. Tauber, who wasn't involved in the case.
The Associated Press does not typically identify people who say they are victims of sexual assault unless they grant permission, which Constand has done.
———
For more on Cosby, including trial updates, historical photos, videos and an audio series exploring the case, visit http://www.apnews.com/tag/CosbyonTrial.
Conor McGregor and Floyd Mayweather, following an initial report by Yahoo Sports, took to their social media to confirm that their boxing match is indeed official.
What began as a dream – or a nightmare according to some on-lookers – is now a reality.
Mayweather vs. McGregor is slated to take place on Aug. 26 in Las Vegas. We don't yet know which venue will host, but it will either be the MGM Grand Garden Arena, Mayweather's home away from home for the past decade, or the newer, more lucrative T-Mobile Arena.
TRENDING > Floyd Mayweather vs. Conor McGregor Finalized for August
Stay tuned to MMAWeekly.com as more details emerge!
Follow MMAWeekly.com on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram
1241 81st Ave.
8656 MacArthur Blvd.
1929 26th Ave.
4220 Aberfoil Ave.
1921 26th Ave., #24
According to rental site Zumper , the median cost of a 1-bedroom in Oakland is around $2,100/month--but what does the low-end pricing on a rental actually look like?We searched listings for studios and 1-bedroom apartments to find the cheapest listings available right now, but these prices and availability are subject to change.Listed at $1,000/month, this 180-square-foot studio apartment at 1241 81st Ave. in Fitchburg is 39.4 percent less than the median rent for a studio in Oakland, currently estimated at around $1,650/month.This studio features tile flooring, wooden cabinets and granite countertops, but pets are not allowed.Per Walk Score ratings, this location is friendly for those on foot, is fairly bikeable and has good transit options.(See the complete listing here .)Here's a 1-bedroom, 1-bathroom apartment at 8656 MacArthur Blvd. in Toler Heights that's going for $1,625/month.Amenities on the building include on-site laundry, assigned parking and storage space. The apartment features hardwood floors, granite countertops and plenty of cabinet space, but pets are not permitted.According to Walk Score, the surrounding area is car-dependent, has minimal bike infrastructure and has solid transit options.(See the full listing here .)Then there's this 450-square-foot apartment with one bedroom and one bathroom at 1929 26th Ave. in Reservoir Hill/Meadow Brook that's listed at $1,649/month.Building amenities include on-site laundry and secured entry, but pets are not allowed. The unit features hardwood floors, custom cabinets, stainless steel appliances and a ceiling fan.Walk Score indicates that the surrounding area is quite walkable, has some bike infrastructure and offers many nearby public transportation options.(See the listing here .)Listed at $1,725/month, this 700-square-foot, 1-bedroom, 1-bathroom apartment is located at 4220 Aberfoil Ave. in Chabot Park.In the unit, the listing promises hardwood floors, in-unit laundry, stainless steel appliances, a swimming pool and a large backyard. Good news for pet guardians: cats and dogs are permitted.Per Walk Score ratings, the surrounding area requires a car for most errands, isn't particularly bikeable and offers limited transit options.(Here's the listing .)This 1-bedroom, 1-bathroom apartment, situated at 1921 26th Ave. in Reservoir Hill/ Meadow Brook, is listed for $1,749/month for its 550-square-feet of space.Amenities offered in the unit include hardwood floors, custom cabinets, stainless steel appliances, in-unit laundry and secured entry, but animals are not permitted.Per Walk Score ratings, the surrounding area is friendly for those on foot, is bikeable and offers many nearby public transportation options.(See the listing here .)---
NEW YORK (AP) — Jahlil Okafor finally got the fresh start he wanted.
Okafor was the consensus No. 1 high school player in his class, won a national championship at Duke, and averaged 17.5 points and seven rebounds in his rookie campaign for the Philadelphia 76ers.
Then things changed drastically.
Okafor struggled with injuries and a logjam at his position in his second season.
"When I first got drafted there, we already had Nerlens (Noel) there, Joel (Embiid) was there, so we're trying to have three starting centers on the same team," Okafor said Monday at his introductory news conference with his new team, the Brooklyn Nets.
"It just never really was the right fit."
The 76ers traded Okafor along with seldom-used guard Nik Stauskas and two draft picks to the Nets on Thursday. Philadelphia got forward Trevor Booker from Brooklyn.
Okafor also had off-court problems during his time in Philadelphia. He got a speeding ticket for driving 108 miles per hour and was suspended by the 76ers for two games after in an altercation outside of a Boston nightclub with a heckler.
"Speeding obviously is illegal," Okafor said. "I know that's not what you're supposed to do. I guess you just learn how the page can turn on you and how everything can flip. I can't really say I learned anything, because you know going in that's not right. You just learn from your mistakes, but (it was) a tough thing that I went through, I got past, and I'm looking to better times now."
Okafor, the third overall pick in the 2015 draft, joins D'Angelo Russell, the second overall pick in the same draft class, on the Nets.
"We're just very excited to get on the court together," Okafor said. "You never would've thought the number two and number three picks would be playing on the same team a few years after, but like I said, everything happens for a reason and I'm really excited."
Russell also had problems on and off the court with the team that drafted him. He was criticized for recording a video of former Lakers teammate Nick Young that aired sordid details about Young's private life. The Lakers gave up on Russell and drafted Lonzo Ball as his replacement.
"I feel like we're similar in that we have a lot to prove," Okafor said. "I know he's working his (butt) off as well. Right now he's rehabbing, trying to get back on the court. I think we both have a chip on our shoulder and we have a lot to prove. We're definitely similar in that regard."
Okafor understands he has areas to improve, mainly defense and rebounding.
"I'm not a perfect player," Okafor said. "I'm 21. There are things that I need to work on, that I have worked on and that I'll continue to work on."
He's excited about fulfilling his potential with a new team.
"I feel really motivated right now, but I've always been motivated," Okafor said. "This is the first time where people are against me in a sense because I've always been the hyped-up guy. It's something new for me to experience, so I'm glad that I am experiencing it."
___
More NBA basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & […]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the […]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous […]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, […]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for […]
16:35 Reported News Briefs Iyar 9, 5778 , 24/04/18 Iyar 9, 5778 , 24/04/18 Live: Trump, Macron meet at White House US President Donald Trump and his French counterpart Emmanuel Macron are now meeting at the White House. ► ◄ Last Briefs
Greg Palast exposes the GOP's suppression of the vote in this investigative documentary! Donate to order this gift now!
Close Get email notifications on Angela Wilson daily!
Your notification has been saved.
There was a problem saving your notification.
Whenever Angela Wilson posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link.
Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items.
2017 marked the conclusion of one of the National Library of Australia's most ambitious technology overhauls
This year marked the conclusion of one of the largest technology projects ever undertaken by the National Library of Australia, with the organisation completing an overhaul of its core digital library systems.
The NLA's Digital Library Infrastructure Replacement Program (DLIR) represented a massive investment in the organisation's ongoing ability to grow and manage its massive collections as well as collect new and emerging digital formats.
The five-stage, six-year DLIR program kicked off in 2011. A core goal of the DLIR was replacing key digital library applications that had reached end of life, with first three stages focused on replacing legacy systems and building systems that managed digitisation. The last two stages focused on new functionality in the area of digital collecting capability, the library's chief information officer David Wong told Computerworld.
Wong said the applications had been built using “legacy programming languages,” and employed in-house developed frameworks which the CIO noted is now considered a “big no-no”. The age and nature of the underlying codebases meant both maintenance and upgrades were a struggle.
But it was not just ease of maintenance that drove DLIR. The library also had to enhance digital preservation of material, manage at-risk digital formats, and ensure that its systems were able to scale to meet growing demands.
“There were things that were missing, from a functionality viewpoint, in digital preservation,” Wong said. “Our systems just didn't meet the expectations of our digital preservation area.”
The NLA wanted more from its digital library systems “to ensure content could be collected, stored, preserved and accessible for generations to come,” the CIO said.
“It's a bit of a funny point because IT people tend have a different view to librarians when it comes to digital preservation,” he explained. “We think if the content is digitised and accessible, then Bob's your uncle, that's all there is to it.”
Librarians have to look at things differently, Wong explained, including recording not just bibliographic metadata but provenance and preservation metadata.
“Then they need to make sure the formats the content is stored in are formats that will last,” the CIO said.
“A lot of content requires specific software to access it,” he added. “Like a WordStar file needs WordStar. To a digital preservation specialist, having things described properly and in the right formats is very important. From an IT perspective, we tend to oversimplify things and say, ‘You can just get an emulator.'”
In addition to digital preservation of material, the library has in recent years had to face the challenge of digital formats.
“I think it's one thing digitising physical content; it's another thing collecting new formats, like e-books, social media, websites,” Wong explained.
In 2015, changes to the Copyright Act enabled the NLA to significantly broaden its efforts to preserve Australia's digital cultural heritage.
Those changes gave the library the ability to collect digital-only publications in a way that it had previously collected physical publications.
The legislation enabled the NLA to issue a request for electronic material that it considers belongs in its Australian collections, regardless of whether that material was first published on a locally hosted website or one hosted in another country.
Although the changes to the Copyright Act gave the library the legislative mandate to collect digital publications, it was still necessary, through the DLIR, to build the systems to support formats such as eBooks and PDFs.
But even without bringing new and emerging media into the picture, the library's systems needed to be able to scale significantly, Wong said.
“There's a lot of content out there and our collection doubles every four years,” he explained. “That's just via business-as-usual collection growth — so when you add in new collection types and content, the rate of increase of the collection size is not quite exponential but it's increasing far more rapidly.”
The emergence of the Internet of Things and ultra-high-definition video formats will add to the challenge.
“We need infrastructure to support not only increased volumes of content but also user growth and computational power needs,” Wong said.
A final driver for the program was the changes in end-user expectations, the CIO said. People are increasingly seeking to access content on an array of mobile devices and expect rich, interactive experiences.
Building digital infrastructure
Originally $7 million was earmarked for DLIR but the program grew to around $15 million — reasonable, Wong said, given that there was nothing on the market that would meet the organisation's requirements.
Although an approach to market by the NLA drew offers to build the systems the library needed, the cost would have been far larger, he added.
“Building in-house, and buying components where mature market solutions were available, to be part of a broader digital library ecosystem, was a good approach,” he said.
Of the $15 million, around $3 million was spent on sourcing off-the-shelf commercial solutions.
The CIO believes that getting an external software implementer to build the systems would have at least doubled the cost.
Some of the commercial vendors in the space have products that are “very rudimentary,” he added. “When we look at what state libraries and other overseas libraries have achieved, there have been numerous advantages with our approach.”
Java and MySQL (as well as an open source graph database) played key roles in building out the systems. The library team employed open source technologies whenever possible and sought to use established frameworks.
“We tried finding a framework for content repositories but for the size of the collection and for our requirements we didn't find anything out there that was suitable,” the CIO said.
“We had to do ‘bake your own' quite often. To be honest, I was a little bit uncomfortable with writing so much code, but looking at the NLA and tradition and history, we've built systems for many years and have successfully scaled them and maintained them.”
The NLA's new ecosystem of digital library applications deliver end-to-end support for digitising content, collection management, metadata and digital content storage, content delivery and content discovery.
On top of that there are user engagement features, such as those incorporated in the library's Trove search engine that allow readers to correct the OCR output for digitised publications as well as tag, comment and make lists.
“There are various workflows in the range of systems to manage different content types,” Wong said. For example, the NLA's system for harvesting web content is specific to web archives collection.
“Same with the other content types that we've got — there are workflows optimised to manage books journals, and different ones to manage oral history and unpublished manuscripts,” the CIO said.
The library considered shifting to a single, unified system, with single workflow, content repository and delivery systems. “I think you have the whole conundrum of, when you try to build something generic, how complex does it get?” Wong said.
“The other thing is, over time, even though our systems were old and end of life, they were developed and improved over time — so there's a lot of IP in the workflows, a lot of optimisation. To throw that away and just chuck it all into a generic workflow, it means you lose a lot of the efficiency.
“We've tried to find a balance between keeping it simple and customising. I think we've reduced the number of workflows but still support the needs of specific collections and content types.”
The future
With one of the most significant technology programs ever attempted now behind it, the NLA's technology team now has the space to plot out future enhancements to the library's systems.
As with other CIOs, Wong said he is faced with the challenge of “keeping the lights on”, while also attempting to find opportunities to innovate.
“We're in the process now of trying to think about what we need to do, going forward,” Wong said.
Because the library has relied so much on in-house development efforts, it needs to work on a sustainable approach to maintaining its systems over the medium and long term.
There's also significant duplication in the organisation's application portfolio, with Wong noting that the library can be “a little bit siloed”. Addressing that will be a big priority for Wong's team, the CIO said.
He said a key driver for improvement at the moment is the user expectations that come from the popularity of Internet giants such Google, Facebook and Netflix.
“People expect Google-like search when they're searching for stuff,” he said. “People expect Facebook-like for social. And people expect Amazon's buying experience; you get customised recommendations and it's easy to buy things with one click.
“People use those sites and then come to our services and, over time, they're going to expect us to be like that.”
The CIO said he's assessing the potential application of machine learning approaches across a range of areas. Opportunities include running automatic image captioning across the NLA's substantial image collections as well as automatically cataloguing articles, and improving Trove's OCR quality.
Another area of development that he's got his eye on is digital assistants and bots. “Rather than have people call librarians to ask questions, perhaps we can have a digital assistant that can respond to the queries, tapping into the vast indexes and content stores that we have,” the CIO said.
Transcript for 'The Flash' star Keiynan Lonsdale on his music career
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
NEW YORK (AP) — She's once, twice, three times a Sports Illustrated swimsuit cover lady.
Kate Upton is once again gracing the cover of the annual issue, becoming only the fourth woman to do so three times. This year, she's making the splash with three different covers.
Other women who did the cover three times include Tyra Banks, Heidi Klum and Christie Brinkley, who also is featured in this year's edition with her two daughters. Elle Macpherson holds the record with five cover appearances.
Other notables in this year's edition include former cover girl Chrissy Teigen, an expectant mother and athletes including tennis champ Serena Williams and Olympic gold medal gymnast Simone Biles.
“Sex and the City” actress Cynthia Nixon officially announced her primary challenge to New York's Democratic Gov. Andrew Cuomo on Monday.
In a video announcement, the actress states: “I love New York. I've never lived anywhere else."
Nixon also attacks Cuomo for “a string of indictments for corruption, his failure to fix the New York City subway, and his support for a backroom deal which handed Republicans control of the state Senate, resulting in the failure of numerous pieces of progressive legislation,” in her release announcing her candidacy.
The video, which aims to introduce her to voters, shows her at home with her wife Christine and son Charlie, and walking her son Max to school.
In the coming weeks, Nixon will travel across the state to hear from voters, according to an announcement from her campaign.
Her message also echoes the outsider, progressive message other candidates have invoked this year.
“We are sick of politicians who care more about headlines and power than they do about us. It can't just be business as usual anymore,” she said.
This would be Nixon's first bid at political office but she has long been an activist on political and social issues, particularly for LGBT issues and education issues. The actress, best known for her role as the practical lawyer Miranda on HBO' "Sex and the City," was born in New York.
Her announcement video emphasizes her long ties to the city and that she is a graduate of its public schools. It emphasizes her life as a New Yorker, showing her walking the streets and taking the subway.
I love New York, and today I'm announcing my candidacy for governor. Join us: https://t.co/9DwsxWW8xX pic.twitter.com/kYTvx6GZiD — Cynthia Nixon (@CynthiaNixon) March 19, 2018
Nixon has been an outspoken critic of Cuomo and his administration. Her bid comes as the Democratic Party looks to reconcile divides among its liberal and more moderate wings, a breach that has its roots in the 2016 election.
Cuomo, the son of legendary New York Gov. Mario Cuomo, is making his bid for a third term. He has $30.5 million in his campaign account, according to New York election records.
The actress is a longtime ally of the New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio. Nixon's wife, Christine Marinoni, works in de Blasio's administration as a special adviser for community partnerships in the Department of Education.
Dimitrios Kambouris/Getty Images
Her announcement video ends with her on the train as the announcer says "Next stop, Albany."
The gubernatorial primary is Sept. 13.
SJSC RIGA International Airport
(VAS ,,Starptautiskā lidosta ,,Rīga'''')
Reg.No 40003028055, address - Lidosta “Rīga” 10/1, Mārupes novads, LV-1053
P: (+371) 67207135, F: (+371) 67211767, www.riga-airport.com
hereby announces an open tender procedure “Major repair of five passenger boarding bridges” (Identification No RIX 2018/220-AK).
Proposals shall be submitted before 5 July 2018; 11.00 in the Electronic Procurement System e-tender subsystem.
If the Applicant wishes to participate in the proposal opening meeting, the Applicant's representative shall present a personal identification document - an identification card (eID) or a passport.
Contact person: Julija Āboltiņa, senior legal officer of the Procurement Unit
T: (+371) 67060442, e-mail: J.Abotina@riga-airport.com
The Terms of Reference of the tender pdf
The Terms of Reference of the tender_TRANSLATION
As remnants of Subtropical Storm Alberto spread into the Great Lakes region, people are keeping a weary watch on dams and hillsides as rains from the storms have triggered floods and mudslides in the Appalachians of the Southeast.
So far, four dams being closely watched by a state team of special engineers were holding up, North Carolina Gov. Roy Cooper said Wednesday.
But Cooper went ahead and declared a state of emergency for his hard-hit mountain counties, saying the forecast for the rest of the week calls for isolated heavy rain storms that could instantly cause flooding in areas that have had 20 inches (50 centimeters) of rain in the past 15 days.
"This storm isn't yet over. I'm urging people to keep a close eye on forecasts," Cooper said.
Alberto, while still spinning like a classic tropical storm, has managed to make its way since a Memorial Day landfall in the Florida Panhandle to just outside of Chicago. Forecasters said it would still bring rain and gusty winds to the Great Lakes this week.
Alberto's heavy rains have been widespread. Scattered flooding was reported in several states from Alabama through Tennessee, Kentucky, Illinois, the Carolinas and Virginia and West Virginia.
In Hopkinsville, Kentucky, high winds and heavy rains gave Sherry Key a fitful night's sleep.
"I have dogs and they're terribly afraid of storms, so they were on top me all night," said Key, an airport office manager.
The worst of the flooding was in the Appalachian Mountains. Up to 7 inches (18 centimeters) of rain caused flooding in Helen, a mountain town in Georgia, the National Weather Service said.
Atlanta station WAGA-TV reported that several roads near the downtown area of that German-styled tourist destination were shut down because of the rising water. No injuries or structural damage have been reported.
Two deaths had been reported during the storm's passage. A television news anchor and a photojournalist were killed Monday in North Carolina while covering the weather, when a tree became uprooted from rain-soaked ground and toppled onto their SUV, authorities said. WYFF-TV of Greenville, South Carolina, said news anchor Mike McCormick and photojournalist Aaron Smeltzer died.
In the mountains of North Carolina, two Department of Transportation workers survived a close call when their dump truck was swept away by a mudslide in McDowell County while trying to clean debris from an earlier slide. The men were able to climb from the overturned truck and stand on its side in the Catawba River until they were rescued, Gov. Cooper said.
Authorities in Cuba say Alberto left four people dead there as the storm drenched the island in heavy rain. Interior Minister Julio Cesar Gandarilla said late Tuesday they died as a result of "recklessness" during the storm. He gave no details. The deaths occurred as authorities worked to contain an oil spill in central Cuba's Cienfuegos Bay that followed the flooding of nearby oil refinery.
___
Collins reported from Columbia, South Carolina. Associated Press Reporter Jack Jones, also in Columbia, contributed to this story.
This information is a news release from Comcast:
NASHVILLE, Tenn. – December 11, 2017 – Comcast announced today it is hosting a virtual employment fair aimed at reaching the company's national goal of hiring 10,000 military members and their spouses by the end of 2017. Nearly 100 retail sales consultant and call center sales representative positions are available across Tennessee.
The online event will take place on Wednesday, December 13 from 5-7 p.m. (CST) and is open to the military community nationwide.
Applicants are required to RSVP by registering at https://lnkd.in/eYC-6fP or by texting #ComcastTN with their name, e-mail & phone number to 561-402-2294.
Interested candidates can also visit Comcast's employment website at http://careers.comcast.com to review the job description of the available positions.
Supporting the U.S. military and their family members is a proud Comcast NBCUniversal tradition. Since 2010, Comcast NBCUniversal has hired more than 13,000 members of the military community (veterans, National Guard and Reserve members, and military spouses).
Comcast offers a variety of benefits, policies, and services to support employees in the military and their families at every stage of their transition—before, during, and after training or deployment. These include:
· Military Concierge Service Team: A dedicated military concierge service that helps employees and their families understand the enhanced benefits and policies, and navigate the processes related to transitioning between Comcast and military duties.
· Supplemental Pay: Eligibility for supplemental pay for three years.
· Paid Time Off: Employees may take up to 15 days paid time off for annual Guard and Reserve required training.
· 401(k) and Employee Stock Purchase Plan: Employees on military leave of absence can treat military supplemental pay as 401(k), Savings Starter and ESPP-eligible, and continue to contribute to those plans using supplemental pay deductions while on leave. They can also make up contributions while on leave.
· Health & Welfare Benefit Plans: Employees on military leave of absence can keep their Comcast benefits plan beyond the first 60 days of leave (contributions can also continue based on the plan in which they are enrolled), or elect the government benefits plan.
· Courtesy Services: Employees who are on military leave of absence can keep Courtesy Services for the duration of the absence (up to five years).
· Transfer Assistance: Employees who are spouses of active duty military who need to relocate due to qualified deployments or base transfers may receive transfer assistance in the form of job search and/or financial benefits.
For more information, visit www.comcastcareers.com/military.
Diamondbacks ace Zack Greinke will start this season in the dugout.
Arizona manager Torey Lovullo said Monday that Greinke won't pitch on opening day because of what's perceived to be a minor health issue.
Greinke exited his latest start after one inning because of tightness in his groin. He's scheduled to pitch again in spring training Wednesday.
The Diamondbacks don't want to push him to be ready for their first game March 29 at home against Colorado. Without this wrinkle, Lovullo said Greinke would've started the opener for the third straight year.
"Every staff has a No. 1 and he fit the bill perfectly," Lovullo said. "He won 17 games last year. He was our staff ace."
Lovullo said he wasn't ready to say who would start against the Rockies. The likely candidate is Robbie Ray, who went 15-5 with a 2.89 ERA last year.
"There's a strategy," Lovullo said. "We don't just look at opening day. We look at opening day and then beyond, so probably five or six days beyond that day. And we want to make sure that we hit things just right to get it to the point where we have good matchups all the way through."
ELSEWHERE AROUND THE GRAPEFRUIT AND CACTUS LEAGUES
RED SOX 6, PHILLIES 5
Boston ace Chris Sale gave up four runs on five hits and three walks in five innings. He also struck out six. Mookie Betts hit two doubles and Xavier Bogaerts homered for the Red Sox. Aaron Altherr homered for Philadelphia.
MARLINS 9, NATIONALS 1
Washington ace Max Scherzer was tagged for three homers and six runs in six innings. Adam Eaton and Anthony Rendon each had two hits for the Nationals. Miami starter Trevor Richards worked four innings and allowed one run.
ASTROS 2, METS 0
Justin Verlander pitched seven shutout innings and Carlos Correa homered for Houston. Steven Matz struck out nine in six innings for New York.
ORIOLES 4, TIGERS 2
Baltimore starter Chris Tillman allowed one run in five innings. Detroit starter Michael Fulmer struck out five in five innings and gave up two runs. Dixon Machado doubled twice for the Tigers.
PIRATES 11, TWINS 8
Miguel Sano, who had three hits, and Brian Dozier homered for Minnesota. Josh Bell, Jose Osuna and Christopher Bostick connected for Pittsburgh.
BRAVES 6, BLUE JAYS 0
Julio Teheran pitched 6 2/3 shutout innings, striking out five and allowing four hits. The Atlanta ace has an 0.87 ERA this spring. Toronto starter Aaron Sanchez allowed two hits over 6 1/3 innings.
INDIANS 5, GIANTS 4
Yonder Alonso hit two home runs off San Francisco starter Johnny Cueto. Alonso had three hits and drove in four runs. Cueto allowed four runs and seven hits in 4 1/3 innings. Cleveland starter Josh Tomlin gave up three runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings. University of Virginia alum Jarrett Parker, dogged by retriever jokes from his teammates after his Cavaliers were ousted from the NCAA tournament by the University of Maryland-Baltimore County Retrievers, hit his third spring training home run in his bid to make the 25-man roster.
The Indians released outfielder Melvin Upton Jr., who hit .189 in 18 spring games. The 33-year-old spent last year in the minors, seeing limited action for the Giants' Triple-A team while slowed by injuries.
WHITE SOX 15, DIAMONDBACKS 2
Matt Davidson, who homered, and Adam Engel each had three hits for Chicago and leadoff man Yoan Moncada got two hits and drove in three runs. Carson Fulmer pitched four hitless innings for the White Sox. Arizona relievers Neftali Feliz and Kris Medlen both got roughed up.
NEW YORK (AP) — A federal judge who ordered a detained immigration rights activist facing deportation to be immediately released raised "grave concern" over the argument that he had been targeted because of his political activities, a concern also expressed by immigrants and their advocates over his and others' cases.
During a hearing in Manhattan federal court on Monday over the detention of Ravi Ragbir, U.S. District Judge Katherine B. Forrest asked a prosecutor what U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement had gotten out of detaining the activist. Ragbir has been fighting deportation for years following a wire fraud conviction and is executive director of the New Sanctuary Coalition of New York City, a coalition of 150 faith-based groups.
Ragbir was taken into custody on Jan. 11 when he checked in with immigration authorities and was told that he was being detained. In her ruling, Forrest called his treatment "unnecessarily cruel" and ordered that he be immediately let out of detention. She also refused a government request to halt her order for a possible appeal.
"It ought not to be — and it has never before been — that those who have lived without incident in this country for years are subjected to treatment we associate with regimes we revile as unjust, regimes where those who have long lived in a country may be taken without notice from streets, home, and work. And sent away."
In a footnote, Forrest wrote, "The Court also notes with grave concern the argument that petitioner has been targeted as a result of his speech and political advocacy on behalf of immigrants' rights and social justice."
Ragbir's lawyer, Alina Das, said in court papers that Scott Mechkowski, deputy field office director at the ICE office where Ragbir was detained, told her on Jan. 8 that he felt "resentment" about Ragbir's previously scheduled check-in on March 9.
She said Mechkowski told her that he had heard statements that Ragbir had made to the press and that he continues to see him at prayer vigils outside his Manhattan office. She said he also expressed anger that elected officials accompanied Ragbir to his check-ins, and he asked why lawyers bother to include so many letters from the community in efforts to keep Ragbir in the country.
Assistant U.S. Attorney Brandon Waterman labeled the claim that Ragbir was targeted as "pure speculation" and said the government had seen no evidence in support of that contention.
In a statement, ICE said it "does not target unlawfully present aliens for arrest based on advocacy positions they hold or in retaliation for critical comments they make. Any suggestion to the contrary is irresponsible, speculative and inaccurate."
Immigrants and their advocates have been claiming in recent weeks that ICE is targeting those who speak out against detention and deportation, pointing to Ragbir and his group's co-founder, Jean Montrevil, who was deported to Haiti a couple of weeks ago.
They also cite cases like that of Eliseo Jurado, the detained husband of an immigrant woman who is an activist and has claimed sanctuary from deportation in a church, and Maru Mora Villalpando, an activist and citizen of Mexico living in Bellingham, Washington, who said she got a letter from ICE putting her in deportation proceedings despite her not having any kind of criminal record.
Ragbir's wife, immigration attorney Amy Gottlieb, said she was moved "by the judge's powerful language about what it means to live in a democracy."
U.S. Rep. Nydia M. Velázquez, a New York Democrat, said she hopes Ragbir will go to Washington for Tuesday's State of the Union address. Gottlieb had already accepted Velazquez's invitation.
The citizen of Trinidad and Tobago, a legal U.S. resident since 1994, fought deportation after his Sept. 12, 2001, conspiracy and wire fraud conviction for accepting fraudulent loan applications while working at a now-defunct loan company. Placed into removal proceedings, he was detained nearly two years before his 2008 release. The U.S. Supreme Court refused legal relief in October 2011. Subsequent court efforts failed. His attorneys have filed other appeals, which have still to be decided.
Transcript for United Airlines issues new rules to employees for dealing with bumped passengers from overbooked flights
Next tonight new fallout for united airlines. The company issuing new rules for employees specifically when it comes to bumping passengers and after that doctor was dragged off that united plane by police, tonight a new claim involving a couple heading to their wedding. Here's ABC's chief business correspondent Rebecca Jarvis. Reporter: A week after this video forced a national debate over passenger rights -- new tales of turbulence. They said it was not their problem. Reporter: This Utah couple on their way to their wedding in Costa Rica, claiming they were kicked off a united flight this weekend for sitting in the wrong seats. United says they were removed because they repeatedly tried to move to upgraded seats without paying extra. Even though we moved to the right seats, we were still taken off the plane. Reporter: In-flight disputes under the microscope as airlines roll out new rules. Delta authorizing supervisors to offer nearly $10,000 to volunteers giving up their seats for overbooked flights, and at united they will no longer ask seated passengers to give up seats for crew members. We have learned a lot, and we will do better, and that's what I promise. Reporter: To avoid getting bumped your best bet is to skip late day flights, and remember to be decisive. Once you volunteer to give up that seat, you often can't change your mind. David, if you're in a position to take a later flight let the agent know as soon as you get to the gate. You can even name your price on the offer. Rebecca Jarvis with us. Thank you.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Harvard University is teaming up with Google to reduce the use of harmful chemicals in building products and materials.
Organizers say the initiative announced Wednesday targets chemicals used in consumer products like furniture and carpets that science has shown have potential negative health effects.
The goal is to create a set of tools using the latest research to inform decisions by large institutions, purchasers and manufacturers with the hope of increasing demand for healthier alternatives. Organizers said there are more than 80,000 chemicals in use, some associated with long-term health and environmental problems.
The collaboration is an initiative of the Center for Climate, Health, and the Global Environment launched Wednesday at the Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health.
The center is led by former Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Gina McCarthy.
SUMMIT, N.J.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--Celgene Corporation (NASDAQ:CELG) today announced additional phase III data analyses evaluating the efficacy and safety of ozanimod, a novel, oral, selective sphingosine 1-phosphate 1 (S1P 1 ) and 5 (S1P 5 ) receptor modulator, versus interferon beta-1a (IFN β-1a) (Avonex ® ) in patients with relapsing multiple sclerosis (RMS). These additional data analyses from the SUNBEAM™ and RADIANCE™ Part B trials are being presented at the 2018 American Academy of Neurology (AAN) Annual Meeting in Los Angeles, April 21-27, 2018.
“These new analyses of the pivotal SUNBEAM and RADIANCE Part B trials provide robust evidence that supports ozanimod as a potential new therapeutic option in a broad spectrum of patients with relapsing multiple sclerosis,” said Ludwig Kappos, M.D., Chair of the Department of Neurology at the University of Basel and a presenter of one of the abstracts. “The reduction in annualized relapse rates with ozanimod in these trials was consistent across a range of pre-specified subgroups versus interferon beta-1a.”
The phase III SUNBEAM and RADIANCE Part B studies evaluated two doses of oral ozanimod (1 mg and 0.5 mg ozanimod HCl) compared with IFN β-1a in patients with RMS. In the new analyses, several pre-specified subgroups, including disability severity at baseline (EDSS ≤3.5 vs. EDSS >3.5), presence of gadolinium-enhanced lesions at baseline and prior treatment with disease-modifying therapies, were assessed. Data from these analyses, to be presented in an oral session on April 25, show dose-dependent effects of ozanimod on annualized relapse rates (ARR) versus IFN β-1a across these subgroups that were consistent with the primary endpoint of both SUNBEAM and RADIANCE Part B.
A pair of poster presentations on April 24 examined reductions in brain volume loss, a measure associated with multiple sclerosis (MS) disease progression, for ozanimod compared with IFN β-1a. As previously reported for SUNBEAM at one year and for RADIANCE Part B at two years, whole brain volume loss was reduced relative to IFN β-1a for both the 1 mg dose of ozanimod and the 0.5 mg dose. For both doses, all comparisons were nominally significant.
Additional data in the presentations from exploratory endpoints examined volume loss of specific segments of the brain. Increasing evidence suggests that disease-related damage to grey matter is of major importance in MS. The data analyses to be presented show reductions in cortical grey matter loss and thalamic volume loss are consistent with the reductions in whole brain volume loss seen in SUNBEAM at one year for ozanimod compared with IFN β-1a. Likewise, reductions in cortical grey matter loss and thalamic volume loss are consistent with the reductions in whole brain volume loss seen in RADIANCE Part B at two years.
In the clinical trials, adverse reactions that occurred in at least 5 percent of patients in either ozanimod treatment group, with at least a 1 percent difference greater than the IFN β-1a group, were nasopharyngitis, headache, increased alanine aminotransferase, upper respiratory tract infection, hypertension, increased gamma-glutamyltransferase, pharyngitis and urinary tract infections.
Ozanimod is an investigational compound that is not approved for any use in any country.
About SUNBEAM ™
SUNBEAM is a pivotal, phase III, multicenter, randomized, double-blind, double-dummy, active-controlled trial evaluating the efficacy, safety and tolerability of two doses of oral ozanimod (0.92 mg and 0.46 mg, equivalent to 1 mg and 0.5 mg ozanimod HCl, respectively) against weekly intramuscular interferon beta-1a (Avonex ® ) over a 12-month treatment period. The study included 1,346 people living with RMS across 152 sites in 20 countries.
The primary endpoint of the trial was ARR during the treatment period. The secondary MRI endpoints included the number of new or enlarging hyperintense T2-weighted brain MRI lesions over 12 months, number of gadolinium-enhanced brain MRI lesions at month 12 and percent change from baseline in brain volume at month 12.
An analysis of the time to onset of 3-month confirmed disability progression was pre-specified using pooled data from both the SUNBEAM and RADIANCE Part B phase III trials.
About RADIANCE ™
RADIANCE Part B is a pivotal, phase III, multicenter, randomized, double-blind, double-dummy, active-controlled trial evaluating the efficacy, safety and tolerability of two doses of oral ozanimod (0.92 mg and 0.46 mg, equivalent to 1 mg and 0.5 mg ozanimod HCl, respectively) against weekly intramuscular interferon beta-1a (Avonex ® ) over a 24-month treatment period. The study included 1,320 people living with RMS across 147 sites in 21 countries.
The primary endpoint of the trial was ARR over 24 months. The secondary MRI endpoints included the number of new or enlarging hyperintense T2-weighted brain MRI lesions over 24 months, number of gadolinium-enhanced brain MRI lesions at month 24 and percent change from baseline in brain volume at month 24.
An analysis of the time to onset of 3-month confirmed disability progression was pre-specified using pooled data from both the SUNBEAM and RADIANCE Part B phase III trials.
About Ozanimod
Ozanimod is a novel, oral, selective, sphingosine 1-phosphate 1 (S1P 1 ) and 5 (S1P 5 ) receptor modulator in development for immune-inflammatory indications including relapsing multiple sclerosis, ulcerative colitis and Crohn's disease.
Selective binding with S1P 1 is believed to inhibit a specific subset of activated lymphocytes from migrating to sites of inflammation. The result is a reduction of circulating T and B lymphocytes that leads to anti-inflammatory activity. Importantly, immune surveillance is maintained.
Selective binding with S1P 5 is thought to activate specific cells within the central nervous system (CNS). This has the potential to enhance remyelination (when the body is able to repair damaged myelin after inflammation is reduced) and prevent synaptic defects. Ultimately, neurological damage may be prevented.
About Multiple Sclerosis
Multiple sclerosis (MS) is a disease in which the immune system attacks the protective myelin sheath that covers the nerves. The myelin damage disrupts communication between the brain and the rest of the body. Ultimately, the nerves themselves may deteriorate — a process that's currently irreversible. Signs and symptoms vary widely, depending on the amount of damage and the nerves affected. Some people living with MS may lose the ability to walk independently, while others experience long periods of remission during which they develop no new symptoms. Multiple sclerosis affects approximately 400,000 people in the U.S. and approximately 2.5 million people worldwide.
Relapsing multiple sclerosis (RMS) is characterized by clearly defined attacks of worsening neurologic function. These attacks — often called relapses, flare-ups or exacerbations — are followed by partial or complete recovery periods (remissions), during which symptoms improve partially or completely with no apparent progression of disease. Approximately 85 percent of patients with MS have the relapsing form of the disease, compared with 10-15 percent with progressive forms of the disease.
About Celgene
Celgene Corporation, headquartered in Summit, New Jersey, is an integrated global pharmaceutical company engaged primarily in the discovery, development and commercialization of innovative therapies for the treatment of cancer and inflammatory diseases through next‐generation solutions in protein homeostasis, immuno‐oncology, epigenetics, immunology and neuro‐inflammation. For more information, please visit www.celgene.com. Follow Celgene on Social Media: @Celgene, Pinterest, LinkedIn, Facebook and YouTube.
Forward-Looking Statements
This press release contains forward-looking statements, which are generally statements that are not historical facts. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the words “expects,” “anticipates,” “believes,” “intends,” “estimates,” “plans,” “will,” “outlook” and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are based on management's current plans, estimates, assumptions and projections, and speak only as of the date they are made. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement in light of new information or future events, except as otherwise required by law. Forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties, most of which are difficult to predict and are generally beyond our control. Actual results or outcomes may differ materially from those implied by the forward-looking statements as a result of the impact of a number of factors, many of which are discussed in more detail in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and our other reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.
Hyperlinks are provided as a convenience and for informational purposes only. Celgene bears no responsibility for the security or content of external websites.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005339/en/
CONTACT: For inquiries, please contact:
Celgene Corporation
Investors:
Patrick E. Flanigan III, 908-673-9969
Corporate Vice President, Investor Relations
or
Media:
Catherine Cantone, 908-897-4256
Senior Director, Corporate Communications
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA CANADA CALIFORNIA NEW JERSEY
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: HEALTH CLINICAL TRIALS PHARMACEUTICAL OTHER HEALTH
SOURCE: Celgene Corporation
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 07:30 AM/DISC: 04/24/2018 07:31 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005339/en
Transcript for New York surgeon found dead in Park Avenue apartment
Their questions surrounding the weekend death of a prominent New York City trauma surgeon. Doctor dean large body was found in his park avenue apartment on Sunday police say he had a knife in his torso. Reports say the doctor was home with his eleven year old daughter and there were no signs of forced entry into the apartment. Doctor Lawrence treated it U2 frontman bonanno after the singer was injured in a biking accident in 2014.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
New York (AP) — Gold futures trading on the NY Merc Monday:
(100 troy oz.; dollars per troy oz.)
SOUTHAMPTON, England (AP) — Southampton says it has sacked Frenchman Claude Puel after one year as coach of the Premier League club.
The south coast club said in a short statement that it had "terminated the contract of Claude Puel with immediate effect" and that "the search for a new management team is underway."
Puel guided the team to last season's League Cup final, where it narrowly lost to Manchester United in February, and an eighth-place finish in the Premier League.
Getty Image
Not everyone can make the All-Star team, and all the chatter about expanding the rosters to 15 misses the point about All-Star selections entirely. All-Star spots are reserved for only the creme de la creme. Given the exclusive nature of the honor, there are always going to be omissions that people like to characterize as “snubs,” regardless of whether that term is even apt in most cases.
Once you start digging into the evidence and considering all the mitigating factors, there are only a very small handful who you can argue qualify as snubs, and even some of those dubiously so.
Regardless, today we pay tribute to the biggest snubs from the 2017 NBA All-Star Game. As always, gripes – respectful or otherwise – can be made in the comments.
TAIPEI (Taiwan News) – Philippine singer, actor, and YouTuber Mikey Bustos debuted a music video featuring his impressions of Taipei at a press event on July 3 as part of a promotion campaign to boost bilateral tourism by the Department of Information and Tourism of Taipei City.
The 4-minute clip, lyricized and sung by Mikey himself, tells a story about how he has a crush on a girl from Taipei who is sweet and amiable and takes him on a tour of the capital of Taiwan.
To shoot the music video, Mikey said he had the opportunity to taste a remarkable variety of signature local delicacies including beef noodle, mango shaved ice, xiaolongbao, stinky tofu, and more. “Taipei is a wonderful city boasting a great deal of cuisines and many marvelous things,” said Mikey, who recommended the tourist bus as a transportation means to explore the city.
The tourism agency also took the opportunity to announce a host of travel deals in collaboration with the Philippine Straits Travel Agency, EVA Air, and the Taipei Sightseeing Bus to lure visitors from the Southeast Asian country. The packages, spotlighting itineraries from gastronomical attractions to cultural spots, will be available starting July 5.
According to the Taipei Economic and Cultural Office in the Philippines, Taiwan has seen a surge of tourist arrivals from the Philippines since the implementation of the visa waiver program last November. 2017 reported a 68 percent year-on-year increase in the number of Filipino visitors, while this year a 60 percent hike was logged between January and May compared to the same period last year.
(Photo by Taipei City Government)
After facing her own monster head on, Katie Bailey has wasted no time dedicating her life to help others find the courage to do the same.
Katie was 9 years old when her big brother, James Bailey, began abusing her on a weekly basis while their parents worked long hours outside their Syracuse home. The sexual assaults continued until she was 12.
She said nothing at first, keeping quiet about the horrors she endured while her big brother was supposed to be babysitting her, but the pain became too much to bear.
“For 10 years, I felt like I was in solitude, keeping the secret to myself,” Katie, 23, told InsideEdition.com. “Finally, when I said something, there was this network of individuals there to help me through the trial, help me find my voice.”
When she came forward in 2013 after learning her brother had been kicked out of the family's home, Katie was met with support from her loved ones, police, prosecutors and advocates trained to help her heal, she said.
Read: Woman Speaks Out Against Brother Who Raped Her as a Child
“I never once got called damaged… ‘damaged' means broken goods,” she said. “Advocates see you as a gem; you can get cleaned up and polished. Advocates — they're trained how to ask questions, how to approach people who have been victimized.”
It was working with those people that helped Katie build up the strength to help other sexual assault survivors.
“My passion for this is worth being shared,” she said. “But in order to help other people, I needed to help myself. And I've conquered my biggest fear.”
James Bailey, now 31, was arrested in 2015 and was found guilty of sexual abuse in March.
Earlier this month, Katie stood at her brother's sentencing hearing to explain the effects of his actions, speaking directly to the man who should have been her protector but instead was the source of relentless pain.
"I felt extremely vulnerable, because all my emotions from the abuse and the pain and the suffering I went through — it reemerged," she said. "But I had the right to have a say and my voice was finally, literally, being heard. Even if he didn't care about it — he was very emotionless, he didn't seem to care. I felt strong, I did everything I needed to and I got justice.”
Read: 2 High School Students Arrested After Allegedly Sexually Assaulting Girl At School
James Bailey was sentenced to 32 years in prison, the maximum punishment allowed under law.
His conviction and sentencing has been a weight off of Katie, who said she's now ready to move on.
She is set to graduate in May from SUNY Cortland with a degree in criminology, her second degree, having already studied criminal justice at Onondaga Community College. And she's preparing to move, looking for homes in Ithaca with her longtime boyfriend who she said has been a beacon of courage and bravery throughout her journey.
And most importantly, she's ready to help others, saying she's going to pursue a career working with law enforcement to help survivors.
“I've had both men and women contact me and they've said I've given them courage,” Bailey said. “The courage you need to find is the courage within yourself. You need to know what you say can and will be heard by the right people. Trust your voice will be heard. Everything I held in for years, I gave to these people — and now my brother is going to prison. And I'm happy."
Watch: Why Graduating from Stanford University Students Showed Solidarity With Rape Survivor
Related Articles:
Which dish would you rather eat: slow-roasted caramelized zucchini bites, or lighter-choice zucchini?
If the first choice sounds more appealing, you're not alone: A new study finds that people are more likely to choose vegetable dishes with tantalizing names.
The study involved a six-week experiment staged in a Stanford University dining hall. Each weekday, the dining hall served up one of eight vegetable dishes during lunch. The way the vegetables were prepared and displayed didn't change, but the labels used to describe the dishes did. [How to Eat Healthy in 2017]
Each time a dish was served, the researchers randomly selected one of four descriptions for the dish: a basic description, a "healthy restrictive" description, a "healthy positive" one and an indulgent one. For example, for butternut squash, the basic description was simply "butternut squash," the healthy restrictive label was "butternut squash with no added sugar," the healthy positive description said "antioxidant-rich butternut squash" and the indulgent description called the dish "twisted garlic-ginger butternut squash wedges."
Each day during lunch, the researchers secretly recorded how many people selected the veggie dish. In addition, they weighed how much of the dish was left at the end of lunch, compared with how much was prepared before lunch began.
More than 8,000 out of nearly 28,000 diners chose a vegetable dish over the study period, and the "indulgent" dishes reigned supreme: More diners, on average, chose the vegetable when the indulgent description was used, compared with the three other descriptions. And when the healthy restrictive description was used the fewest diners selected the vegetable.
Compared with vegetables using the "healthy restrictive" description, 41 percent more diners chose the same dish when it had the indulgent description, the researchers found. And 35 percent more people chose the dish when it was given the indulgent description than when the same dish was labeled with the "healthy positive" description. The indulgent description was selected by 25 percent more people than the basic description.
In addition, people ate more of the vegetable dishes when the researchers used the indulgent descriptions, the study found. When vegetables were assigned the indulgent description, 23 percent more of the dish was served compared with the basic description. And 33 percent more of the dish was served compared with the healthy restrictive condition.
Simply giving the vegetables a more indulgent description "significantly increased the number of people choosing vegetables and the total mass of vegetables consumed compared with basic or healthy descriptions, despite no changes in vegetable preparation," the researchers, led by Bradley Turnwald, a doctoral candidate in psychology at Stanford University, wrote in the study.
The findings challenge an existing technique that aims to promote healthy eating by touting the healthful properties of certain food (for example, by calling a dish antioxidant-rich butternut squash), the researchers wrote. Rather, the study supports previous research that found using creative labeling, such as superhero characters to promote veggie consumption in kids, is effective.
The researchers noted they were unable to measure how much food the diners actually ate after plating their serving, but added that an earlier study found that people eat, on average, 92 percent of self-served food.
The study was published today (June 12) in the journal JAMA Internal Medicine.
Originally published on Live Science.
Editor's Recommendations
Organizers of president-Elect Donald Trump's inaugural parade say the marching band of Alabama's oldest private, historically black liberal arts college has accepted an invitation to perform.
The move comes as historically black schools like Howard University, which marched in President Barack Obama's first inaugural parade, said they didn't apply to march at Trump's inauguration.
The move has lit up Talladega College's social media sites with a sharp debate about the band's decision to participate. Some people voiced strong opposition, while others support the band's participation.
The Presidential Inaugural Committee announced Friday that the Talladega College Marching Tornadoes was among 40 groups, including high school bands and military organizations, scheduled to perform in the parade.
Talladega College officials haven't returned phone calls and emails seeking comment.
HBO
This post contains spoilers for Game Of Thrones Season 7 Episode 5 “Eastwatch”.
Game Of Thrones introduced some intriguing developments about Jon Snow's parentage, assembled a squad, announced a pregnancy (that may not be real), and more in Sunday night's episode, “Eastwatch” (our review here). Though it may not have had as much dragon death from above this week, it was still an entertaining episode, and — as usual — Twitter lit up with plenty of jokes.
People were looking forward to some escapism:
I gotta say, after the past three days, it would be really satisfying to watch a dragon fuck shit up again this week. — Connor Ferguson (@csferguson) August 14, 2017
Perhaps the biggest moment was when Gilly stumbled upon proof that Jon may be the legitimate — not bastard — son of Rhaegar Targaryen and therefore higher than Daenerys in the line of succession. And yet, Samwell ignored her discovery:
RHAEGAR AND LYANNA WERE MARRIED
GUYS THIS IS NOT A DRILL
THIS IS NOT A DRILL!!#GameOfThrones #ThronesYall pic.twitter.com/IbsEVga7sa — Game of Anxiety (@Gryazar) August 14, 2017
Sam interrupting Gilly as she makes THE MOST IMPORTANT REVEAL in #GameOfThrones is every woman's experience in every meeting ever — Abigail Brooks (@_abigailbrooks) August 14, 2017
Gilly:
*learns how to read*
*Discovers the truth to the biggest mystery in the entire series*
*Is ignored*#GameOfThrones #ThronesYall pic.twitter.com/sK57RGM7Rv — Penelope 💜🐳🐎 (@dailyunnie) August 14, 2017
For one day a year since 1878, the South Lawn of the White House has been open to the public. And this year, thousands of children will head to the White House for its biggest social event: the annual Easter Egg Roll.
The White House Easter Egg Roll dates back to the presidency of Rutherford B. Hayes and is among the office's oldest traditions.
See more news-related photo galleries and follow us on Yahoo News Photo Tumblr.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
(This May 28th story corrects ages for Cubs Scouts to 5 to 10 years old, not 7 to 10 years old. Corrects enrollment of girls to 4,500, not 3,000.)
By Katharine Jackson
MCLEAN, Va. (Reuters) - On a front line of the gender equality battle in the United States is Den 13, a suburban Virginia Cub Scout unit made up of girls on their way to next year becoming the first female Scouts in the Boy Scouts of America.
The girls, who are 8 to 10 years old, say they appreciate the outdoor challenges of scouting: finding the route to a waterfall on a wrinkled map, crossing a creek and encountering a snake.
After more than a century as a bastion of boyhood, the Boy Scouts of America announced in October that this year it would begin letting girls join the 5- to 10-year-old Cub Scouts. More than 4,500 girls joined an Early Adopter program this spring.
In 2019, the girls of Den 13 in McLean, Virginia, will be among the first female members of the newly named "Scouts BSA" program, which until the change will still be called "Boy Scouts" and only admit boys aged 11 to 17.
Scouting alongside boys is no issue for 10-year-old Dani Hyder.
"I don't really mind as long as I get to do it," she said. "I don't care what gender the people I'm doing with are."
Like others in her den, 10-year-old Lilly Rumpf went on hikes and family camping trips, but watched from the sidelines as her brother rose through the ranks of the Boy Scouts.
"It was like he got to do all the cool things, and I didn't," she said. "So when I got involved in this, it was really cool."
Boy Scouts of America said admitting girls is making life easier for families with brothers and sisters who want to follow the same path.
"I think our program offers both genders exactly what we want young people to learn and embrace as they grow up," said Les Baron, scout executive for the Boy Scouts National Capital Area Council.
The move comes as attitudes toward gender change and after decades of declining membership. Boy Scouts of America now has about 2.3 million members, a drop of about one-third since 2000. The organization decided to admit openly gay scouts in 2014, and last year welcomed transgender members.
As Boy Scouts of America widens its scope, the Girl Scouts of the USA is reaffirming its commitment to girls.
"Girl Scouts has always proudly owned the 'Girl' in Girl Scouts, and our programming is, and always will, reflect the fact that we are girl-led and girl-centric," the organization said in a statement.
The Boy Scouts held annual meetings in Dallas last week with many awaiting news of a uniform change with different cuts for girls and alternatives like Capri pants and "skorts," or skirts with shorts inside.
For now, the Den 13 girls wear shirts embroidered with "Boy Scouts of America," standard olive shorts, resting their ponytails and braids on plaid neckerchiefs.
Heading to the waterfall, Den 13 took a wrong turn down a dead end trail.
"I kind of like that we got lost," said Hiro Rose, enjoying the river view. After consulting their map, the girls quickly found their way.
For Dani, the best part of the hike was obvious. "Actually having a snake crawl, like slither across my shoe."
(Reporting by Katharine Jackson; Editing by Mary Milliken and Lisa Shumaker)
EMBED >More News Videos Golden State Warriors Coach Steve Kerr was full of emotion as he remembered Spurs Coach Gregg Popovich's wife as a friend and someone who's been "courageously fighting a battle with some health issues over the last few years."
The Warriors are back home and will try to close out their series against the Spurs tonight, in Game Five of the first round of the NBA playoffs.Golden State is looking to bounce back after losing Game 4 in San Antonio.Spurs head coach Gregg Popovich will not be on the sideline for the third straight game, after his wife passed away last week.Tip off at Oracle Arena is at 7:30 p.m.
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
Conservative commentator and former Bush White House speechwriter David Frum is clearly no fan of Anthony Scaramucci. Frum has been anti-Trump for quite a while, earning him praise with the #Resistance despite his questionable past, but it really comes through here as he coaxes “The Mooch” out of the mild-mannered television version of Anthony Scaramucci.
Scaramucci almost seems docile and level-headed when he first arrives onto the Real Time set for a friendly chat with Bill Maher. They joke about Donald Trump‘s lawsuit against Maher for claiming he is the “spawn of his mother having sex with orangutan,” and he even has a nice rapport going with fellow guest Donna Brazile. But then Frum gets personal:
Jihadist group says one of its "soldiers" killed two policewomen and a student in Belgian city of Liege.
The Islamic State (ISIS) jihadist group on Wednesday claimed one of its "soldiers" killed two policewomen and a student in the Belgian city of Liege on Tuesday, AFP reported
The group made the claim on its Amaq propaganda agency.
"The author of the attack on the city of Liege in Belgium is a soldier of the Islamic State," the group had said in a statement published on Amaq's Telegram account.
ISIS said "he led the attack in response to calls to target the countries of the U.S.-led international coalition," which is fighting the terror group mainly in Syria.
The attacker, identified as Benjamin Herman, repeatedly stabbed two policewomen in Liege on Tuesday before using their own firearms to kill them, according to investigators in Belgium.
The 31-year-old also shot dead a student sitting in a parked car in the center of the industrial city.
Amateur footage of the attack obtained by AFP showed the gunman shouting "Allahu Akbar" as he walked through the streets during the rampage.
ISIS last year claimed a stabbing attack in Brussels, in which a 30-year-old Somalian man stabbed soldiers with a machete before being shot dead.
Brussels has been hit by several terrorist attacks in recent years. In June of 2017, an ISIS sympathizer set off a bomb at a Brussels Central Station.
In March 2016, terrorists affiliated with ISIS carried out a coordinated attack at Brussels Airport in Zaventem and Maalbeek metro station in the city, killing 32 people.
MOSCOW (CBSNewYork/AP) – U.S. intelligence agencies and Congress will continue to investigate Russia's involvement in the 2016 presidential election, even after President Donald Trump fired his national security adviser for providing inaccurate accounts of his contacts with the Russian ambassador last year.
Democrats argue that an independent investigation is the best way to get answers about the Trump administration's ties to Russia. But Republican leaders continue to refuse to consider this option and say the three congressional investigations underway are enough.
Trump's national security adviser, Michael Flynn, resigned late Monday. The White House said he misled Vice President Mike Pence about his contacts with the Russian ambassador.
In a resignation letter, Flynn said he gave Pence and others “incomplete information” about his calls with Russia's ambassador to the U.S. The vice president, apparently relying on information from Flynn, initially said the national security adviser had not discussed sanctions with the Russian envoy, though Flynn later conceded the issue may have come up.
In the letter, he also blamed “the fast pace of events” during the presidential transition for causing him to “inadvertently leave out key details of phone calls with the Russian ambassador prior to inauguration.”
White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said there was “exhaustive and extensive questioning” of Flynn on multiple occasions over his conversations with Russia's ambassador to the U.S., and the Justice Department informed the White House on Jan. 26 about Flynn's conversations during the transition.
Spicer said Tuesday that Flynn either mislead Vice President Mike Pence and others, or forgot “critical details” about his call with Russia's ambassador to the U.S., creating “a critical mass and an unsustainable situation.”
“The real scandal here is that classified information is very illegally given out by “intelligence” like candy,” Trump tweeted Wednesday. “Very un-American!”
The real scandal here is that classified information is illegally given out by "intelligence" like candy. Very un-American! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 15, 2017
Trump also took a jab at Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton.
“This Russian connection non-sense is merely an attempt to cover up the many mistakes made in Hillary Clinton's losing campaign,” Trump said on Twitter Wednesday.
This Russian connection non-sense is merely an attempt to cover up the many mistakes made in Hillary Clinton's losing campaign. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 15, 2017
Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov has denied reports of intercepted phone calls between Russian intelligence officials and members of Trump's presidential campaign.
The New York Times said that the Russians made contact with Paul Manafort, who briefly served as Trump's campaign chairman. Current and former U.S. officials interviewed by the Times declined to identify other Trump associates contacted by the Russians.
Speaking to reporters in Moscow, Peskov, spokesman for President Vladimir Putin, pointed to the anonymity of the sources, saying that the reports “are not based on any facts, do not point to actual facts.”
(TM and © Copyright 2017 CBS Radio Inc. and its relevant subsidiaries. CBS RADIO and EYE Logo TM and Copyright 2017 CBS Broadcasting Inc. Used under license. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
NEW YORK (AP) — Stocks that moved substantially or traded heavily Monday:
Bluebird Bio Inc., up $30.65 to $201.80
Bluebird and Celgene reported positive results from an early clinical trial of a multiple myeloma treatment.
Apple Inc., up $3.30 to $172.67
The website Apple Insider said the company is delivering new iPhones to customers at a faster pace.
Spark Therapeutics Inc., down $25.66 to $47.72
Spark plunged and competitor BioMarin climbed after both reported data on experimental treatments for hemophilia A.
HSBC Holdings PLC, up 83 cents to $50.20
The bank said the Justice Department will ask a court to dismiss deferred criminal charges after it strengthened safeguards against money laundering.
Scana Corp., down $2.79 to $42.38
The company offered to give the site of a failed nuclear reactor project to a South Carolina utility.
Chesapeake Energy Corp., up 15 cents to $3.83
Oil and gas prices rose as a major North Sea pipeline will be shut down to fix a crack.
Overstock.com, up $9.93 to $55
The online discount retailer accepts payment in bitcoin, and rose as trading in bitcoin futures started.
Canadian Solar Inc., up 54 cents to $17.79
The company said Chairman and CEO Shawn Qu offered to take the company private for $18.47 a share.
Newt Gingrich speaks at the National Press Club on June 16, in Washington, D.C. Gingrich claimed Tuesday gun control laws should "catch up" to new gun technology.
House and Senate Republicans have largely shied away from discussing gun control in the wake of Sunday's mass shooting in Las Vegas that left 58 people dead and hundreds more injured. Many of the GOP legislators have stated they do not want to “politicize” what's been called the deadliest mass shooting in the nation's recent history.
That is, until GOP operative Newt Gingrich, the former House speaker, broke ranks during an interview with Fox News Wednesday.
Long a Second Amendment advocate—and one who has not contended for or held political office since resigning from the House in 1999—the former Georgia congressman appeared to alter his stance by stating that gun control statues had to “catch up” as “technology changes,” according to Mediaite.
“I also think some of the technology has to be looked at…,” Gingrich said. “Look, if there is something that makes it easy to convert a semi-automatic into an automatic, maybe that does have to be looked at and put under the federal firearms act, which makes it illegal to have a genuinely automatic weapon.”
Gingrich seemed to be referencing the “bump stock,” an attachment that can allow a rifle to fire faster. The suspected Las Vegas shooter, Stephen Paddock, reportedly had 12 guns in his hotel room and a sniper perch fitted with a bump stock.
“It strikes me as a practical common sense thing that we ought to find some way to make—take that particular device and make it part of the illegal to have an automatic weapon,” Gingrich said.
A day after the shooting, Democrats came out en masse to call for more regulations on guns, while Republicans like current House Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell extended “thoughts and prayers.”
Other top Republican leaders passed on discussing gun rights laws so soon after the shooting.
"I just think politicizing this terrible tragedy is beyond disgusting and we ought to wait a respectful period of time, out of respect for people who lost their lives or were injured before we get into the push and shove of politics around here," Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn (R-Texas) said.
But Cornyn and others have evidently opened the door to passing legislation, particularly when it comes to bump stocks. He reportedly called for a congressional hearing on the matter Wednesday afternoon, according to Bloomberg.
Representative Bill Flores (R-Texas) also called for a ban.
“Based on the videos I heard and saw, and now that I've studied up on what a bump stock is—I didn't know there was such a thing—there's no reason for it,” Flores told The Hill. “I have no problem from banning myself from owning it.”
Related Articles
Member of Knesset Dov Khenin (Joint Arab List) called on the Knesset, Monday, not to remove the parliamentary immunity from prosecution of Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu. Speaking from the Knesset podium, Khenin said, "We must not turn the Knesset into a field court for anyone," and that things should be clarified via an investigation and - if need be - a trial.
Khenin also said, "Even for serious crimes, one does not remove the immunity of a Knesset member this way because that immunity is a significant tool in the work of the Knesset members. I am also against suspending the prime minister from the Knesset before he is convicted."
When Megan Olson lands in South Korea for the Winter Olympics next week, she'll feel something that is both surreal and vivid.
An intoxicating sense of belonging.
A deep sense of loss.
Pride, for the motherland she barely knows after being secretly adopted away.
The 33-year-old social worker from Minnesota is joining dozens of fellow South Korean adoptees who are returning to their birth country for the 2018 Winter Games in Pyeongchang.
Many endured cultural, racial and national identity issues stemming from an international adoption phenomenon that peaked in the 1980s. Now, the once-in-a-lifetime Olympics experience will satisfy an internal pressure for some adoptees to justify being where they came from, even though it won't erase the fact that they were once sent away with shame and en masse.
"I think I really wanted to go back. It feels like it's home but at the same time, when I get there, I'm not home. I don't really know where I belong," Olson said.
The Olympics will also reconcile a part of their life journey that has been book-ended by an era of complete economic transformation for South Korea.
Much of that rise happened at the same time the small Asian country, lacking a solid social welfare system, dispersed an estimated 200,000 of its Korean-born children, according to Richard Lee, a University of Minnesota professor who studies adoptees.
The cultural diaspora reaches more than a dozen countries around the globe, including in western Europe, North America, Australia and New Zealand. But for South Korea, the timing of the adoption boom coinciding with their costly 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul is still a subject of criticism among some.
No longer in the shadows of the devastating Korean War era, the country over the past half century has become a powerhouse on the world stage, thanks to its fortunes in tech, cultural reach from pop music, and famously rigorous education system.
All the while, a majority of those South Korean orphans landed in the U.S. They grew up largely with white parents in the western world where adoption is seen as a humanitarian endeavor. Now adults, they've come of age and some have risen in the worlds of politics, fashion and entertainment.
That such orphans are now successful enough to afford an elite experience like the Olympic Games has surprised some of the locals in a patriarchal society where adoption is taboo.
Keziah Park of the International Korean Adoptee Service called it a "slap in the face" for status-driven South Koreans. The Seoul-based nonprofit since the 1990s has organized trips and birth-search pilgrimages for adoptees.
"When they left, they were orphans and they were abandoned. No could take care of them. But when they come back, it's a symbolic journey to Koreans observing them," Park said.
She added: "It really changes the mindset of Koreans. It allows Korea as a society to reflect on the choices they made."
The pressure to justify being there can also be distressing if they have already gone back to find their birth stories as a practical matter: to learn about their genetic health, or find out what happened to them as young children. And even if their adoptive families are supportive of their pilgrimage back, it can be difficult to reconcile their identity and feelings for the country when they lack Korean family ties.
Park organized the week-long Olympics tourism trip hoping to ease that internal conflict. It will include the opening ceremony and sporting events. They're also hoping to meet Marissa Brandt, an adoptee raised in America who will play for the Korean women's hockey team.
"Although they have an intrinsic purpose to be there, they don't have anyone welcoming them to be there, so they felt it was meaningless," Park said. "That purpose to be there, the adoptees want more than you think."
More than two dozen adoptees are expected on the trip, including those now living in Norway, Denmark, Italy, France, Australia and the U.S.
Olson, of Robbinsdale, Minnesota, said she thinks about going back to South Korea so often that it can wear on her husband. But each time she's there, she asks herself if it should be the last visit because it's so emotionally draining.
Olson found her birth parents a few years ago through their adoption agency in Seoul. Their meetings have left her distraught, frustrated and unfulfilled. Olson's desperate to understand her true life story but her Korean parents appear indifferent.
She says she was adopted in 1985 as a baby but discovered that they kept a son born a year after Olson. The adoptee doesn't know why her birth parents made those choices. They've only confirmed that she's a secret they'll never tell their other children.
But this upcoming trip to South Korea will offer a welcome reprieve to Olson's heartaches.
It will be about connecting with fellow adoptees who share this profound experience that they didn't choose to have.
It will be about eating the food that's been missing their whole lives, yet tastes so much like home.
It will be about experiencing the glitz and glam of The Olympic Games, though even that is not without fraught.
"I don't know who I would cheer for. Should it be the U.S.? Should it be Korea? It's super minute but something I think about," Olson said.
Ella and Tony LeVeque are two other adoptees who found the Olympics to be the perfect reason to go back to their birth country. The couple met at another adoptee gathering in Seoul before marrying in 2014.
"We obviously really like watching the Olympics. We tally up America versus Canada," said Ella LeVeque, a 31-year-old recruiter who was adopted as a baby to Ottawa, Canada. "And just being able to be there and represent South Korea, too, we're going to be able to be proud of all of it."
The two now live in Galesburg, Michigan. Neither has found their birth families.
Tony LeVeque, a 35-year-old hospital administrator, was adopted to central Michigan when he was 4 years old. He didn't feel much of a connection as a child when his adoptive parents showed him recordings of the 1988 Games in Seoul. Like many others, he also struggled with his identity before connecting with his roots in adulthood.
"It's difficult trying to find your own way," he said of the Korean adoptee experience. "What type of man or woman am I supposed to be in America?"
Matt Galbraith, 36, of Hawaii, said he'll spend time with his birth family after the Olympic events. He was adopted with his birth brother when he was 5 years old. They grew up in a happy home in the Phoenix area after enduring a dark year with unhappy memories at an orphanage in Munsan, near the Demilitarized Zone bordering North Korea.
Galbraith said he found his birth mother in 2009, taking a leap of faith by going to Seoul while he was stationed in Japan with the U.S. Navy. The woman asked Galbraith for forgiveness after a hotel worker helped reunite them.
He learned that the single mom put her boys up for adoption because she became infected with tuberculosis. Without money or support, she feared the worst and hoped her sons could have a better future that way.
"I was adopted when I was a little bit older. I remember having memories with them," Galbraith said of his birth family. "I knew that they were still there."
___
Follow Sally Ho at https://twitter.com/_sallyho
___
AP Sports Writer Dave Campbell contributed from Robbinsdale, Minnesota.
A big screen showing of Spice World The Movie comes to the Odeon Milton Keynes for one spsecial showing next month.
September marks 20 years since the film was originally released. And the 6pm showing on Friday, September 29, will be a nostalgia-filled chance to re-live whatever the plot was (not sure, but Richard E Grant was in it)
St. Louis Cardinals pitcher Alex Reyes needs season-ending Tommy John surgery on his right arm.
General manager John Mozeliak confirmed the diagnosis after an MRI. Reyes didn't throw his scheduled bullpen session Tuesday because of a sore elbow.
The 22-year-old Reyes made his major league debut Aug. 9 and was 4-1 with a 1.57 ERA in five starts and seven relief appearances. His fastball averaged more than 97 mph.
Reyes, a candidate for the final spot in the starting rotation, had been feeling soreness in the days leading up to camp. He was also expecting to pitch for the Dominican Republic in the World Baseball Classic.
Incoming White House press secretary Sean Spicer said on Sunday that the White House may have disproportionately punished Russia by ordering the expulsion of 35 Russian diplomats.
"One of the questions that we have is why the magnitude of this? I mean you look at 35 people being expelled, two sites being closed down, the question is, is that response in proportion to the actions taken? Maybe it was; maybe it wasn't but you have to think about that," Spicer told ABC News.
ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. (AP) — Federal legislation to expand the Amber Alert child abduction emergency notification system in Native American communities across the country has cleared its last hurdle before heading to the full U.S. Senate for consideration.
The legislation is in response to the 2016 deadly abduction of 11-year-old Ashlynne Mike on the Navajo Nation, the largest American Indian reservation in the U.S.
The high profile case raised questions about gaps in communication and coordination between tribal and local law enforcement.
Sponsor John McCain, R-Arizona, said authorities did not issue an Amber Alert for Ashlynne until the morning after family members reported her abduction.
The girl was found dead in a remote area near the New Mexico-Arizona border after police have said she was abducted by a stranger in a case that McCain described as devastating. FBI data shows 7,724 Native American children listed as missing in the U.S., McCain said.
The measure was endorsed this week by the Senate Indian Affairs Committee and has bipartisan support from lawmakers from Montana, New Mexico and North Dakota.
The measure would make permanent and expand the tribal Amber Alert pilot program, which provides training for tribes to operate their own alert systems. Grant funding would be available, and the U.S. Justice Department would be required to assess the capabilities of tribal Amber Alert systems.
Amber Alerts are triggered when authorities notify broadcasters and transportation officials about abductions — resulting in a barrage of public messages via the media, cellphones and alerts on highway electronic signs.
After years of struggling to develop an emergency notification system, the Navajo Nation — which spans parts of Arizona, New Mexico and Utah — is now implementing a new system and training officers.
Ashlynne was lured into a van near her school bus stop on a Monday afternoon in May 2016.
Tom Begaye Jr. of Waterflow, New Mexico, has pleaded not guilty to murder and other charges in Ashlynne's death.
He told investigators he sexually assaulted the girl and struck her twice in the head with a crowbar and that she was still moving when he left her in the desert, according to court documents.
An Amber Alert was not issued in New Mexico until around 2 a.m. the morning after Ashlynne's disappearance, leading to outcry that the public did not get information about a child in danger during crucial hours of the search for her.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Latest on President Donald Trump and North Korea (all times local):
6:45 p.m.
The Trump administration is considering nominating the commander of U.S. forces in the Pacific, Adm. Harry Harris, to fill the long-vacant ambassadorship to South Korea.
That would entail a shuffle in the administration's plans for key diplomatic assignments. Harris has already been nominated to be ambassador to Australia. And the change would come only several weeks before a planned summit between the U.S. and North Korea.
A White House official and a congressional aide describe the plan on condition of anonymity because they are not authorized to discuss them by name.
The aide says the State Department and the governments in both Australia and South Korea have been informed that the administration is looking at a switch of postings for Harris, although nothing has been made official yet.
Harris' Senate confirmation hearing for the Australia post had been scheduled to take place Tuesday but was postponed.
___
11:35 a.m.
President Donald Trump says North Korea wants to hold a high-stakes meeting "as soon as possible" and he is praising Kim Jong-un as "very open" and "very honorable."
Trump is addressing his upcoming plans to meet with the North Korean leader during his discussions at the White House with French President Emmanuel Macron.
Trump's praise for the North Korean dictator stands in stark contrast to his past comments in which he referred to Kim as "Little Rocket Man." The Trump-Kim meeting is expected in May or June.
South Korean President Moon Jae-in is meeting with Kim on Friday to kick off a new round of high-stakes nuclear diplomacy with Pyongyang.
TRENTON, N.J. (CBSNewYork) — As Gov. Chris Christie wraps up his second and last term in office, a new public opinion poll shows New Jersey residents are saying good riddance.
As WCBS 880's Peter Haskell reported, it had looked like Christie's approval rating could not have sunken any lower. But now it has.
A Quinnipiac poll indicated that only 15 percent of New Jersey residents who responded approved of Christie's performance, while 81 percent did not.
That is the worst rating for any governor in any state surveyed by Quinnipiac University in more than 20 years.
“It's almost like a death watch,” said Maurice Carroll of the Quinnipiac Poll.
The rating does not bode well for Christie's lieutenant governor, Kim Guadagno, who is the Republican candidate for governor against Democrat Phil Murphy.
The poll showed 55 percent support for Murphy and 26 percent for Guadagno.
Roughly half of voters admitted they have not heard enough about either candidate.
He warned fans against doing the same.
James McAvoy has denied reports he ate 6,000 calories a day to bulk up for his new film role, and warned fans against trying the same thing.
The X-Men star, who is currently filming his new movie Glass, said he is concerned some people will try to follow in his footsteps.
He wrote on Instagram: “Seeing a lot of articles saying that I ate 6000 calories a day to get bigger and leaner.
“Just to set the record straight incase anyone decides to give this a go. I have never done this.
“The quote is taken from an interview I did for a movie called ‘Split', not the one I'm on right now which is called ‘Glass' .
“The interview was done at the beginning of the year and me saying “I ate 6000 calories a day” is inaccurate,was meant as a joke and is being widely used out of context.
“The truth is that this time around I gained more muscle weight and got leaner by not counting a single calorie.
“Good old @magnuslygdback had me eating a lot but nowhere near the 6000 calorie mark. In fact we didn't count a single calorie.
“We counted macros…I think probably a healthier way of tracking intake.
“I'm sure most people would never dream of copying the advice of some article/s on the internet about some actor but I know some would and id be gutted if they laboured under bad advice or worse yet seriously harmed their health.
“6000 a day might work well for somebody but I've got zero experience or info on that being the case.
“Guys and girls in the gym and out…this IS NOT how I got the results I got.please don't copy. enjoy your workouts or non workouts.stay healthy and eat well to enjoy if you can!”
The actor will return as Kevin Wendell Crumb and his 23 other personalities in Glass, which will be a sequel to both Split and the 2000 thriller Unbreakable starring Bruce Willis and Samuel L. Jackson.
Glass is due to be released in the UK on January 18 2019.
By Robyn Collins
Britney Spears plans to continue her Las Vegas residency after the mass shooting at the Route 91 Harvest Festival.
Related: Britney Spears Shares Fashion Week Runway Show from Home
Spears posted a message to her social media accounts letting fans know that the show must go on. “We'll get through this together. See you Wednesday,” she wrote adding the hashtag #VegasStrong.
Spears will be performing her Britney: Piece of Me residency at Planet Hollywood through December.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Texas sophomore guard Andrew Jones, who was diagnosed with leukemia in January, is seeing improvement in his condition, his family announced on Saturday.
"We do want everyone to know that in the last two weeks, Andrew has made some positive strides," his family said in a statement released by the school. "He's even been able to get out of bed and move around some, which is a huge difference from when he was first diagnosed in Austin."
Jones, whose condition was announced on January 10, was moved to the University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center in Houston on Jan. 19, where he continues to undergo treatment.
The 6-foot-4 Jones was second on the team in scoring (13.5 points per game) before his diagnosis. He was a McDonald's All-American coming out of MacArthur High School in Irving, Texas, and averaged 11.4 points per game as a freshman. He declared for the NBA draft after his freshman season but eventually withdrew his name and chose to return to school for his sophomore season.
The Longhorns host No. 12 Oklahoma on Saturday. The team has seen significant support from those around the program as well as opposing teams for Jones since his diagnosis.
"We are very appreciative of the outpouring of love and support for Andrew and our family, and we do ask that you continue to keep Andrew in your daily thoughts and prayers," the family said. "We know there's a long battle ahead, but together we will win this fight."
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE Atlantic Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Tampa Bay 49 34 12 3 71 175 125 Boston 48 29 11 8 66 157 119 Toronto 51 28 18 5 61 162 146 Florida 48 20 22 6 46 136 159 Detroit 48 19 21 8 46 126 146 Montreal 49 20 23 6 46 129 156 Ottawa 48 15 24 9 39 125 168 Buffalo 50 14 27 9 37 115 166 Metropolitan Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Washington 49 29 15 5 63 150 138 Pittsburgh 52 28 21 3 59 156 155 New Jersey 49 25 16 8 58 147 147 Columbus 49 27 19 3 57 131 137 Philadelphia 49 24 17 8 56 141 141 N.Y. Rangers 50 25 20 5 55 153 151 N.Y. Islanders 51 25 21 5 55 173 184 Carolina 50 23 19 8 54 139 155 WESTERN CONFERENCE Central Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Winnipeg 50 29 13 8 66 164 136 Nashville 47 29 11 7 65 145 123 St. Louis 51 30 18 3 63 148 130 Dallas 50 28 18 4 60 155 134 Colorado 48 27 18 3 57 157 139 Minnesota 49 26 18 5 57 144 140 Chicago 49 23 19 7 53 146 136 Pacific Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Vegas 48 32 12 4 68 164 128 San Jose 49 26 16 7 59 145 138 Anaheim 51 25 17 9 59 144 142 Calgary 49 25 16 8 58 137 135 Los Angeles 49 26 18 5 57 139 121 Edmonton 49 22 24 3 47 135 157 Vancouver 49 19 24 6 44 127 159 Arizona 50 12 29 9 33 118 172
NOTE: Two points for a win, one point for overtime loss. Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs.
Monday's Games No games scheduled
Tuesday's Games
Pittsburgh 5, San Jose 2
Florida 4, N.Y. Islanders 1
Anaheim 3, Boston 1
Carolina 2, Ottawa 1
New Jersey 3, Buffalo 1
Minnesota at Columbus, 7 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Montreal at St. Louis, 8 p.m.
Chicago at Nashville, 8 p.m.
Los Angeles at Dallas, 8:30 p.m.
Vegas at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Colorado at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
N.Y. Islanders at Toronto, 7:30 p.m.
San Jose at Detroit, 8 p.m.
Philadelphia at Washington, 8 p.m.
Thursday's Games
Toronto at N.Y. Rangers, 7 p.m.
Montreal at Carolina, 7 p.m.
St. Louis at Boston, 7 p.m.
Florida at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Anaheim at Ottawa, 7 p.m.
Philadelphia at New Jersey, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Los Angeles at Nashville, 8:30 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Dallas at Arizona, 9 p.m.
Colorado at Edmonton, 9 p.m.
Chicago at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Friday's Games
Washington at Pittsburgh, 7 p.m.
Detroit at Carolina, 7 p.m.
San Jose at Columbus, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
Sadness over damage done to a #SanJose native species & wildlife reserve by an “over-zealous” volunteer. Santa Clara Valley @audubonsociety advocate (in photo) explains impact. At 4:40pm Only on @abc7newsbayarea #abc7now pic.twitter.com/qO4jtY490S — David Louie (@abc7david) March 19, 2018
Stewards of a wildlife and native plant sanctuary in San Jose are in shock over damage done by a volunteer maintenance worker.It's feared that nesting birds have been displaced after their habitat was destroyed.There is a fenced in area at Overfelt Gardens Park that is special.It's a wildlife sanctuary and native plant area highly prized by volunteers, who have been nurturing it for years. However, two weekends ago, an "over-zealous "volunteer came through with a power saw and hatchet, leaving behind a mountain of cuttings from Toyon bushes and at least five oak trees.Volunteers are shocked at the damage after many have worked so hard to protect it as a habitat for birds, wild animals, insects, and plants. This is where people can see willow flycatchers and the bollas spider."I'm sure this person thought he was doing a good thing," said Shani Kleinhaus, an environmental advocate with the Santa Clara Valley Audubon Society. "Apparently he told one of our volunteers that he wanted to plant a butterfly garden. Well, this was a butterfly garden."San Jose's recreation and parks department relies on 600 volunteers to help with maintenance with its limited budget.The cut oak trunks show evidence a power saw was used, even though power tools are banned in the city's public parks. The volunteer was supposed to work within walkways, cutting down only dead, low-hanging tree branches, but the destruction extends deep into the sanctuary."There's only one volunteer manager-coordinator, and there are over 200 parks in the city with volunteers all over," said Jean Dresden, coordinator for San Jose Parks Advocates. "How can they all be supervised closely?"The city has asked the state to investigate if any wildlife has been harmed. A survey by volunteers last fall identified the garden as home to 193 species, including 91 birds that nest here in springtime."Those birds will come back, and their home is gone," said Dr. Kleinhaus. "This is a home gone for a lot of birds, and it's a very tough time of year for them. They'll look for another place. They'll build another nest, but this had value."A spokesperson for the city's recreation and parks department said the volunteer responsible for what happened will be given a second chance. However, if he fails to follow instructions again, he will be banned from future clean-ups. The volunteer's name has not been released.
Lincoln City's Holidays and Frivolities: December Highlights for Central Oregon Coast
Published 12/08/2017 at 6:45 PM PDT
By Oregon Coast Beach Connection staff
(Lincoln City, Oregon) – The land of Glass Float Drops and seven miles of smiles is making plenty of waves for December. Lincoln City, on the central Oregon coast, is providing plenty to partake in when it comes to events, and not just the holidays. There's food happenings, a robust music scene, a special glass float drop around New Year's Eve (on top of the usual weekend drops), whale watch week and some big fun for New Year's celebrations.
Here's a hefty lineup of things going on for the month.
December 9. Siletz Bay Music Festival presents an afternoon with pianist Cary Lewis and violinist Sarah Kwak. Performance at 3 p.m. and $30 includes light refreshments. Tickets may be purchased at SiletzBayMusic.org or by calling 541-992-1131. Lincoln City, Oregon.
December 14. Holiday Dive-In Movie. Bring your favorite air mattress, inner tube or deck chair, then sit back and relax in the pool or on the deck while you watch Frozen on the Jumbotron. That's right: in the pool at the Community Center. 6:30 - 8:30 p.m. Cost: $5 per person. 541-994-2131. Lincoln City, Oregon.
December 15 – 16. 5th Annual North Pole Express. Take a magical ride on a virtual journey to the North Pole! There will be hot cocoa, cookies, and Santa will be there with a special gift for each child, ages 3 – 11. On Friday, the North Pole Express “departs” at 5:45 p.m. and “arrives” at 8 p.m. On Saturday, it “departs” at 12:45 p.m. and “arrives” at 3 p.m. Ticket price $17.95. Chinook Winds Play Palace. Lincoln City, Oregon. 541-996-5790.
December 16. 5th Annual Jingle Bell 5K Jog/Walk. Open to runners, joggers, walkers, baby strollers and pets. Costumes are recommended but optional, and bells will be provided. 9:30 a.m. To register, visit www.lincolncity.org or call 541-994-2131. Lincoln City Community Center. Lincoln City, Oregon.
December 16. Outbound Traveler live. Upbeat campfire music on banjo, guitar, fiddle, flute and bouzouki will keep your feet moving along with vocal harmonies that will melt your heart. $15 in advance. 7 p.m. Lincoln City Cultural Center. Highway 101. Lincoln City, Oregon. 541-994-9994. Website.
December 16. Hands-On Tamales. Come and learn how to make delicious tamales right at home. $75 per person includes meal and beverage. 11 a.m. - 2 p.m. Lincoln City Culinary Center. Highway 101. Lincoln City, Oregon. 541-557-1125 Website.
December 21. Lincoln Pops Big Band. Dance or just listen to the sounds of the 40's, 50's and 60's. Adults $6 and Students $3, children under 6 are free. 7:30 p.m. Gleneden Beach Community Club, 110 Azalea Street, Gleneden Beach, Oregon (just south of Lincoln City). 541-563-5067. Website.
December 21. Chicago-Style Deep Dish Pizza Demo. Learn the secrets to authentic Chicago-style pizza. 6 p.m. Lincoln City Culinary Center. Highway 101. Lincoln City, Oregon. 541-557-1125 Website.
December 22 – 23. 5th Annual North Pole Express. Take a magical ride on a virtual journey to the North Pole! There will be hot cocoa, cookies, and Santa will be there with a special gift for each child, ages 3 – 11. On Friday, the North Pole Express “departs” at 5:45 p.m. and “arrives” at 8 p.m. On Saturday, it “departs” at 12:45 p.m. and “arrives” at 3 p.m. Ticket price $17.95. Chinook Winds Play Palace. Lincoln City, Oregon. 541-996-5790.
December 24. Christmas Eve Concert with Kids Sing Out (KSO). A free concert of sacred and secular music on Christmas Eve. 7 p.m. Admission is free. Lincoln City, Oregon. 541-996-4045. Website.
December 27 – 31. Winter Whale Watch Week on the Oregon Coast. Watch as majestic gray whales migrate south to Baja, Mexico, where they give birth to their calves. In Lincoln City: top floor of Inn at Spanish Head. 541-765-3304 or visit oregonstateparks.org.
December 30 – January 1. 100 glass art pieces will be hidden along the 7-1/2 miles of public beach in Lincoln City, from the Roads End area to Siletz Bay. Lincoln City, Oregon. 541-996-1274 or Website.
December 31. New Year's Eve Bash with the Lincoln Pops Orchestra. Celebrate in style with the Pops. Tickets include light hors d'oeuvres and a champagne (or sparkling cider) toast at midnight (beer and wine sold separately). $45 per person/$80 per couple. 8:30 p.m. Lincoln City Cultural Center. Lincoln City, Oregon. 541-994-9994. Website. --- Where to stay for these events - Where to eat - Map and Virtual Tour. More Lincoln City below:
More About Oregon Coast hotels, lodging.....
More About Oregon Coast Restaurants, Dining.....
Coastal Spotlight
LATEST Related Oregon Coast Articles
Back to Oregon Coast
Contact Advertise on BeachConnection.net
All Content, unless otherwise attributed, copyright BeachConnection.net Unauthorized use or publication is not permitted
CBS Local– As reports of a shooting taking place in the early morning hours at a baseball field involving government officials came in, most were naturally first concerned with the well-being of those involved.
Once it was revealed that none of the participants suffered life-threatening injuries, the second thought many had been, ‘what in the world were congressmen doing on a baseball field at 7 a.m. ET?'
The answer is preparing for the Congressional Baseball Game, of course.
The game is a tradition started in 1909 that pits Democratic and Republican members of Congress against one another in an effort to raise money for charity. Last year, more than $500,000 was raised.
This year the game is on June 15 at 7:30 p.m. ET. Participants aren't given uniforms, instead they wear jerseys local to the areas they represent.
It's the big day! Can you guess which Louisiana jersey I'll be wearing at tonight's Congressional Baseball Game? #tbt pic.twitter.com/6zxRxa6Dss — Rep. Steve Scalise (@SteveScalise) June 11, 2015
Flake and Scalise celebrating together after last year's Congressional Baseball Game. pic.twitter.com/7WsSY9Vh4e — Emily Jashinsky (@emilyjashinsky) June 14, 2017
The Democratic team has dominated in recent times, having won seven straight games before tasting defeat last year against the Republicans. The all-time series is tied at 39-39, with one tie.
In 1958, the game had temporarily been put to a halt because it had become “too physical,” so clearly the game can mimic the floor of congress from time to time.
Fans show up to the event typically to the tune of 10,000 at Nationals Park. Tickets can be purchased for $10 through MLB.
Last year, President Barack Obama attended the game for a few innings, but made sure not to seem partial towards one party or the other by spending time in both dugouts.
COPENHAGEN, Denmark (AP) — After impressing at the World Cup, Iceland goalkeeper Hannes Halldorsson has been sold by Danish team FC Randers to Azerbaijan champion Qarabag.
Iceland exited the tournament at the group stage but Randers' sporting director Soeren Pedersen says the performance of the 34-year Icelander "hasn't gone unnoticed." Halldorsson's tournament was highlighted by saving a penalty kick from Lionel Messi in a 1-1 draw with Argentina.
Pedersen said Wednesday that the club got "a concrete bid from Qarabag, which we have accepted." Details of the deal were not released.
Halldorsson, who played 69 games for the team, said "it is time for me to try something else and embark on a new adventure."
Milwaukee Brewers' Keon Broxton (23), Domingo Santana and Hernan Perez (14) celebrate following the team's baseball game against the St. Louis Cardinals, early Thursday, June 15, 2017, in St. Louis. The Brewers won 7-6. (AP Photo/Jeff Roberson)
ST. LOUIS (AP) -- Eric Thames homered and drove in three runs, Matt Garza pitched five innings in his first start after a short stint on the disabled list, and the Milwaukee Brewers held on to beat the St. Louis Cardinals 7-6 Wednesday night.
Eric Sogard added a two-run double to lead a four-run second inning as Milwaukee improved to 18-13 on the road.
Aledmys Diaz hit a two-run homer for the Cardinals, who nearly recovered after falling behind 6-0. St. Louis has lost two in a row after winning four straight.
Closer Corey Knebel came on with two outs in the top of the eighth after a one-hyour rain delay and got the last four outs for his 10th save in 13 chances.
Thames, who entered the game in a 1-for-15 skid, had a two-run homer in the first and an RBI double in the second against starter Mike Leake (5-6).
Garza (3-2) allowed four runs and five hits. He suffered a chest contusion while running into teammate Jesus Aguilar on June 3 and missed one start.
Milwaukee jumped out to a 6-0 lead with two runs in the first and four in the second against Leake, who dropped his fourth successive decision..
Diaz's blast off reliever Jacob Barnes in the eighth brought St. Louis to 7-6.
The contest was delayed twice by rain, with the delays totaling 1 hour, 50 minutes.
FIRST INNING MAGIC
The Cardinals had given up a total of just two runs in the opening inning during their first 34 home games. Thames doubled that total with his two-run homer.
WONG REMOVED
St. Louis INF Kolten Wong was removed before the sixth inning due to right forearm tightness.
Wong, who went 1 for 2, has hit safely in six consecutive games since coming off the disabled list June 6 with a left elbow strain.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Brewers: RHP Garza was removed from the 10-day disabled list in time for the start. RHP Neftali Feliz was designated for assignment to make room for Garza.
Cardinals: LHP Marco Gonzales was returned to Triple-A Memphis after he started the second game of the day-night doubleheader on Tuesday. Gonzales gave up five runs on six hits in 3 1/3 innings.
UP NEXT
Brewers: RHP Zach Davies (7-3, 4.74) will start in the final game of the four-game series on Thursday. Davies is 2-0 with a 2.81 ERA in five career starts against St. Louis.
Cardinals: RHP Michael Wacha (3-3, 4.50) will start for the Cardinals in the finale game of a seven-game homestand. Wacha has gone six innings or more in eight of 11 starts this season. He has a 4-0 career mark against the Brewers.
Shakib Al Hasan's request to rest during the South Africa Tests also contributed to the coach's resignation, according to BCB president Nazmul Hassan [Read More]
—–
Source: Bangladesh news from Cricinfo
The family of a young boy killed in a grisly accident at a rotating restaurant in Georgia has released his photo.
Charlie Holt, 5, was at the Sun Dial restaurant with his family Saturday when he wandered a few feet away to have a look at the view on the 72nd floor of the building in downtown Atlanta.
Read: Man Says He Was Nearly Electrocuted While Lying in Bed With iPhone: 'It Was God Who Saved Me'
He somehow became lodged in a five-inch space between a table, which was rotating, and a wall.
"His whole body was caught in between maybe four or five inches of space and his head took the brunt of the injury," police told WXIA. "It crushed his little, small body."
Sgt. Warren Pickard of the Atlanta Police Department said staff and patrons at the restaurant immediately tried to give first aid to the boy.
"They were moving furniture, they were pulling chairs — chairs that were bolted to the floor — they were pulling them up to try to get the child out," Pickard said.
He suffered a head injury and later died at the hospital, according to authorities.
"Just very tragic,” Pickard said. “I simply think he lost sight of his parents and panicked, and found himself in that situation. A small child doesn't know what to do in those moments.”
A spokesperson for the North Carolina family released a statement Saturday asking for “prayers and privacy.”
Read: College Student Died of Asphyxia After Pancake-Eating Contest, Autopsy Reveals
“No words can express their loss,” the statement read, according to WBTV. “If you have a loved one, please give them an extra hug today.”
The Sun Dial is currently closed until further notice. An investigation is being conducted by the Occupational Health and Safety Administration.
Watch: Mother Dies After Being Impaled by Beach Umbrella in Freak Accident
Related Articles:
NEW DELHI (AP) — India's government has asked WhatsApp to take immediate action to prevent the social media site from being misused to spread rumors and irresponsible statements like those blamed for recent deadly mob attacks.
At least 20 people have been killed in mostly rural villages in many Indian states by attacking mobs that were inflamed by social media. Victims were innocent people accused in the viral messages of belonging to gangs trying to abduct children.
India's ministry of electronics and information technology said in a statement late Tuesday the lynchings were tied to "irresponsible and explosive messages" circulated on WhatsApp. It wasn't specific on preventative measures it expected.
The social messaging platform owned by Facebook said in a blog it would institute awards for research on "spread of misinformation" on its platform.
It's the stuff of spy novels. North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un's older half-brother Kim Jong Nam died mysteriously at the Kuala Lumpur airport, and both South Korean and Malaysian media report it was likely some sort of poison attack.
Several questions surround his suspicious death, but perhaps the biggest is: Who would want Kim Jong Nam dead?
The eldest Kim brother has led a quiet existence outside North Korea for decades, except for making headlines when he tried to enter Japan in 2001 on a fake passport. He later said he was trying to go to Tokyo Disneyland.
That Kim has remained out of the limelight is rather remarkable given he's the son of Kim Jong Il, North Korea's notorious former dictator.
"You would live anonymously too if people were gunning for you," says Michael Madden, a visiting scholar at Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies who runs the site North Korean Leadership Watch.
"Kim Jong Nam has lived a very leisurely life, primarily in a condo that the Kim family owns in Macau," Madden says. Kim is widely known for his love of gambling and clubs. Madden also says Kim Jong Nam manages the family's personal fortune overseas, which includes homes in Singapore, Beijing and Paris.
Kim's fate took a turn Monday morning, while he was in transit at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport. Something caused Kim's sudden death.
Malaysian media are showing closed-circuit camera images in which two women cover a traveler's face with cloth. Police say emergency responders rushed the man, whose travel documents identified him as "Kim Chol," to the hospital, but he died en route.
"It probably is the strangest story that I have encountered about North Korean elites and the Kim family and Kim family politics," Madden says.
In South Korea Tuesday, Unification Ministry spokesman Jeong Joon-hee confirmed the identity of the dead traveler.
"The government is certain that the murdered individual is Kim Jong Nam. We have not confirmed the exact cause of death," Jeong said.
Kim could have died of natural causes, given his sedentary lifestyle and the family's reported issues with gout and high blood pressure. But if he was killed, theories run the gamut as to why.
Some believe Kim was punished for skimming from the family fortune he handled, or that he was the scapegoat in a power play by elites wanting to get back into leader Kim Jong-un's good graces. But they're all just guesses, says Madden.
"Nobody knows, and I don't think we will know the full story about the death of Kim Jong Nam for many years," he says.
As with so much about North Korea, even a man's demise is dressed in mystery.
Haeryun Kang contributed to this post from Seoul. Chan Kok Leong contributed to this post from Kuala Lumpur.
A car was intentionally rammed into a pizzeria east of Paris Monday night, leaving one person dead and seven injured, according to the French Interior Ministry.
The driver was arrested after the incident in Sept-Sorts, 55 kilometers (34 miles) east of Paris, a ministry spokesperson told CNN.
There are no indications that the incident was terror-related, a spokeswoman for the Paris Prosecutor said.
The French National police tweeted that an operation was ongoing and asked people to respect the security perimeter, in order not to affect the rescue operations.
SEATTLE (AP) — Mike Hopkins is frantically scrolling through the photo album on his phone. Stored deep in the collection of screen shots, aerial images from his many plane trips and family pictures is an image that helps define what he's trying to build in his first season as Washington's head coach.
It's a picture of a quote. And it has a connection to his favorite band, Pearl Jam.
"When you trust people that you work with and let them have their freedom, that's when the chemistry happens. That's when the real art goes down," Hopkins reads, looking at the photo of a quote attributed to Pearl Jam bassist Jeff Ament.
Building chemistry. Forming the foundation. Those are the underlying principles of what Hopkins has done in the 10 months since he left all he knew at Syracuse for the chance to turn around the Huskies' program. It's one of the most surprising stories in college basketball. The Huskies are 15-6 overall and 5-3 in Pac-12 play with a huge week coming up against No. 25 Arizona State and No. 9 Arizona that will go a long way in determining Washington's NCAA Tournament hopes.
Any talk about the NCAAs seemed ridiculous when the Huskies gathered for their first practice in the fall. Now it's a realistic goal entering February.
The Associated Press was given an inside look at the Huskies program last week as they prepared for their matchup with rival Washington State. What stands out most about Hopkins' first season is how the narrative has changed. Six months ago, most were wondering why Hopkins left Syracuse as the coach-in-waiting behind Jim Boeheim.
Now, the story has become about the foundation Hopkins has created and where might the Huskies go from here.
"We set our goals real high," Washington guard David Crisp said. "We know the work that we've put in every day. For it to have something come true, one of your goals, it feels good to have that hard work pay off."
___
Before every home practice, the signs are affixed to a wall or railing. They are foundational pillars for Hopkins' program. They are not subject to debate.
"Be comfortable being uncomfortable."
"Multiple effort mentality."
"Own the ball."
"Always moving forward."
There are more than a dozen in all, placed at each end of the floor. The last may be the most important to Hopkins. This is a program that's endured its lumps in recent seasons, going from a perennial Pac-12 contender to missing the NCAAs for six straight seasons. Hopkins had to win over his players upon his arrival, recruiting them to stay then proving what he was selling works.
"This is all really a test tube thing," Hopkins said. "I'm bringing what I've learned. We've got an established staff that has a lot of experience. We talk a lot and try to figure out how can we make that better. And even when I got the job I thought of the old BASF commercials, 'We don't make the products, we make the products you buy better.' So how can we evolve and grow and do things different?"
On this day, it means running practice in an entirely different way. Hopkins puts 60 minutes on the clock. It will continue to tick away, but errors or lack of effort will add time. One of Hopkins' assistants came up with the idea. Generally, Washington practices aren't long — 75 to 120 minutes depending on the day — but this was a new take.
Hopkins finds a few flaws and time is added. When freshman Michael Carter III fails to run the correct set, five minutes are added. Hopkins voices his displeasure, but stops to instruct Carter and leaves him with a high-five.
It's one of the few times Hopkins inserts himself into practice. He lets his assistants — Dave Rice, Cameron Dollar and Will Conroy — coach. There's no micromanaging.
"I wanted to hire people I felt I could learn from, guys that would be better than me in other areas and then be like any team," Hopkins said. "We're all learning from each other."
___
Ninety minutes before tip-off Hopkins invites the broadcast crew into his office. It's a relaxed environment in a room that is decidedly bland. The only items hanging on the walls are a giant purple "W'' behind his desk and the TV tuned into one of the dozens of games being broadcast this day.
If this seems abnormal, it is. Washington has done away with game day shootaround. Hopkins values rest over having players going to the arena, getting geared up and going through a simulated practice only to do that again to get ready for the game. The team meets for film and a meal the night before games, but doesn't reconvene until the pregame meal a few hours before tip.
At least his second cup of Starbucks sits on his desk with 'Hop' written in black ink. This crew hasn't done a Washington game yet this season, so much of the session is Hopkins describing his philosophy, the implementation of that system and ultimately why the Huskies are in the Pac-12 race.
Hopkins is himself: laughing, gregarious, honest. He points to wins over Kansas and Southern California on the road as validating moments, but notes the Huskies have faltered after those big wins. A sign of growth would be beating the Cougars after last week's road win at Colorado.
___
Two mint candies sit on the scorer's table at all times. Spearmint to be exact. If one gets taken, it's immediately replaced. Occasionally, a different hard candy will be grabbed by Hopkins or a member of his staff, but it's almost always a mint.
For two hours, Hopkins will cycle through his stash of mints while directing the Huskies to a convincing 80-62 win over their rivals from Washington State. There have been times this season when Hopkins has needed to yell at his players. This night is not one of them.
The only time he screams is when he's raining praise in a timeout huddle after two perfect possessions of ball rotation on offense led to open shots. They were part of an 18-2 run Washington used to close the first half. After Noah Dickerson's dunk to give Washington a 31-28 lead, Hopkins turns to the Huskies student section and yells, "Let's go," asking for more noise, knowing the Cougars are rattled.
The student section was once named after former coach Lorenzo Romar. It may be named after Hopkins soon enough.
His evening ends with him summoning walk-ons off the bench. He takes note that three of Washington State's six 3-pointers came in the final minutes with reserves in the game. He finds a moment after he finishes his postgame radio duties to shake hands with a fan wearing a Syracuse hat.
"It's everything I always thought it would be, and even better," Hopkins said. "That's not because our record or wins and losses, but experience. ... It feels great to be stretched, and challenged and pulled. It's been incredible."
___
More AP college basketball: www.collegebasketball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25
RICHMOND, Va. (WRIC) — The United States Department of Education's Office for Civil Rights (“OCR”) has given notice it will open an investigation into allegations that the Richmond Public Schools' disciplinary policies and practices unlawfully discriminate against African-American students and students with disabilities.
In August 2016, Legal Aid Justice Center and the ACLU of Virginia filed a complaint with OCR on behalf of two individual students and the Richmond chapter of the NAACP, alleging that RPS' discipline policies punish African-American students and students with disabilities more harshly and more frequently than their peers.
On April 12, OCR notified complainants that the office would open an investigation. During the investigation, OCR will collect and analyze information from the complainants, the Richmond Public Schools, and any other relevant sources. The letter did not indicate how long an investigation would take, or when the results would be released.
“I am very pleased to learn that OCR has opened an investigation into Richmond Schools because of the complaint filed by Just Children. I remain extremely concerned about the treatment of minority and special needs students throughout my district which is why I have requested a district-wide investigation into disparate treatment.” said Congressman A. Donald McEachin (Va.-04). “This is a positive first step and I strongly encourage the OCR and the DOE to initiate expeditiously a broad and in-depth investigation, as I have requested. Thank you, Just Children, for your critical and outstanding work on behalf of our students.”
The complaint alleges that during the 2014-15 school year, African-American students with disabilities were 12.91 times more likely than white students without disabilities to be short-term suspended, according to data provided by the Virginia Department of Education. New data has surfaced since the Complaint's filing indicating that RPS continues to exclude an astonishing number of students each school year and those troubling discipline disparities remain.
According to Virginia Department of Education data, RPS suspended 4,680 students at least once during the 2015-16 school year. African-American students made up nearly 75 percent of the student population but 90.4 percent of students who were short-term suspended and 94.2 percent of students who were long-term suspended. While students with disabilities made up 17.7 percent of the student population, they accounted for 29.8 percent of students who were short-term suspended and 37.4 percent of students who were long-term suspended.
“These disparities have persisted too long,” said Rachael Deane, legal director for JustChildren, LAJC's child advocacy program. “We applaud the opening of an investigation, and ask OCR to conduct a swift but thorough investigation of unfair discipline in RPS.”
Complainants allege that the student code fails to clearly define misconduct and prescribes overly harsh consequences for relatively minor misbehavior. The complaint calls for alternative approaches to discipline that would address instances of student misconduct while improving overall school climate. It argues that Richmond Public Schools could eliminate discrimination and more effectively ensure safe and orderly schools through the use of positive behavioral interventions and supports, social and emotional learning programs and restorative justice processes.
“We are confident that the OCR investigation will shed light on and bring corrective relief to systematic disparities based on race and disability in RPS' application of discipline,” said Leslie Chambers Mehta, legal director for the ACLU of Virginia. “This is a first step towards eradicating the school-to-prison pipeline in Virginia's capital city.”
ANCHORAGE, Alaska (AP) — An Alaska police officer has been cleared in last year's fatal shooting of a suspect who had been placed in the officer's patrol car and managed to start driving it away.
The state attorney general's office says in a letter to Seward police that it was reasonable for Officer Michael "Eddie" Armstrong to use deadly force in the Oct. 1 shooting of Micah McComas.
Armstrong had handcuffed McComas and put him in the back of the car after drugs were found in his wallet during a traffic stop.
McComas somehow got into the car's front seat and tried to drive off while the officer was outside.
The officer was knocked down by the car and opened fire, hitting McComas.
The events happened in the city of Seward, south of Anchorage.
Grain futures were lower Monday in early trading on the Chicago Board of Trade.
Wheat for March delivery was down 3.20 cents at $4.1560 a bushel; Dec corn lower 1.20 cents 3.3860 a bushel; March oats lost 2.20 cents at $2.3960 a bushel while January soybeans was 4.40 cents lower at $9.8520 a bushel.
Beef mixed and pork was lower on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange.
December live cattle was down .05 cent at $1.1553 a pound; January feeder cattle was down .03 cent at $1.4520 a pound; December lean hogs was up .18 cent at $.6385 a pound.
KNOXVILLE, Tenn. (WATE) – The Knox County Health Department has added two more neighborhoods to its mosquito spraying schedule after both a human and a bird tested positive for West Nile virus.
The health department says this is the first confirmed human case in Knox County of West Nile this year, and the first case since 2013. That person is still recovering. The entire state averages around 20.4 cases of West Nile per year.
West Nile is transmitted from infected mosquitoes, not from animal to person from casual contact or from person to person. Most people who are infected have no symptoms, but one in five come down with a fever and other symptoms like headache, body aches, joint pains, vomiting, diarrhea or rash. Most of those people recover completely, but less than one percent develop a serious, potentially fatal neurological illness.
The Dixon Road and Deane Hill areas will be sprayed on October 9, weather permitting, between 8:45 p.m. and 2 a.m. Follow-up spraying is scheduled on October 23 during the same timeframe.
Dixon Road spray area:
Steeplechase Subdivision
Summer Oaks Subdivision
The Reserve Farragut
Rockwell Farms
Deane Hill spray area:
Deane Hill Drive west of Morrell Road
Twining Drive
Kendall Road from Luxmore Drive to Twining Drive
Luxmore Drive east from Kendall Drive
Bosworth Road
Bardon Road
Moneta Road
Luscombe Drive west to Pocanno Road
Pocanno Road
Jerdan Road
Sabre Drive east from Nobscot Road
Navarre Drive
The health department says you can prevent mosquito bites and reduce mosquito habitats by:
Apply repellants to skin often; these can include lotions, liquids or sprays. The CDC recommends the use of repellants containing DEET, Picaridin, oil of lemon eucalyptus or para-menthane 3, 8-diol, and IR3535. The duration of protection varies by repellant. Read labels on products to determine when reapplications are necessary for optimal protection.
Wear socks and long, loose and light-colored shirts and pants.
Treat clothing with permethrin or purchase pretreated permethrin clothing.
Dispose of, regularly empty, or turn over any water-holding containers on your property such as tires, cans, flower pots, children's toys and trash cans.
To prevent breeding in large water-holding devices, including bird baths or garden pools, use larvicides such as mosquito torpedoes or mosquito dunks. If used properly, larvicides will not harm animals.
More tips can be found at http://www.knoxcounty.org/health/mosquitoes.php
Greg Palast exposes the GOP's suppression of the vote in this investigative documentary! Donate to order this gift now!
MORGANTOWN, W.Va. (AP) — A winter storm expected to hit the Northeast is forcing at least one college basketball team to alter its travel plans for the third round of the NCAA Tournament.
West Virginia's athletic department announced Monday night the Mountaineers will leave a day early for Boston. WVU says it will depart Morgantown on Tuesday instead of Wednesday.
Fifth-seeded West Virginia meets top-seeded Villanova in the East Region semifinals at TD Garden on Friday night.
The National Weather Service says the bulk of the wind-driven snow and sleet is expected to hit New Jersey, Maryland, Delaware and parts of eastern Pennsylvania before heading off to Massachusetts early Thursday.
A winter storm in the East during the 2017 tournament also prompted teams to scramble their travel plans.
____
More AP college basketball: https://collegebasketball.ap.org; https://twitter.com/AP_Top25 and https://www.podcastone.com/ap-sports-special-events
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Tampa Bay 49 34 12 3 71 175 125 Boston 48 29 11 8 66 157 119 Washington 49 29 15 5 63 150 138 Toronto 51 28 18 5 61 162 146 Pittsburgh 52 28 21 3 59 156 155 New Jersey 49 25 16 8 58 147 147 Columbus 50 27 19 4 58 133 140 Philadelphia 49 24 17 8 56 141 141 N.Y. Rangers 50 25 20 5 55 153 151 N.Y. Islanders 51 25 21 5 55 173 184 Carolina 50 23 19 8 54 139 155 Florida 48 20 22 6 46 136 159 Detroit 48 19 21 8 46 126 146 Montreal 49 20 23 6 46 129 156 Ottawa 48 15 24 9 39 125 168 Buffalo 50 14 27 9 37 115 166 WESTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Vegas 48 32 12 4 68 164 128 Winnipeg 50 29 13 8 66 164 136 Nashville 47 29 11 7 65 145 123 St. Louis 51 30 18 3 63 148 130 Dallas 50 28 18 4 60 155 134 San Jose 49 26 16 7 59 145 138 Minnesota 50 27 18 5 59 147 142 Anaheim 51 25 17 9 59 144 142 Calgary 49 25 16 8 58 137 135 Colorado 48 27 18 3 57 157 139 Los Angeles 49 26 18 5 57 139 121 Chicago 49 23 19 7 53 146 136 Edmonton 49 22 24 3 47 135 157 Vancouver 49 19 24 6 44 127 159 Arizona 50 12 29 9 33 118 172
NOTE: Two points for a win, one point for overtime loss. Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs.
Monday's Games No games scheduled
Tuesday's Games
Minnesota 3, Columbus 2, SO
Pittsburgh 5, San Jose 2
Florida 4, N.Y. Islanders 1
Anaheim 3, Boston 1
Carolina 2, Ottawa 1
New Jersey 3, Buffalo 1
Tampa Bay at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Montreal at St. Louis, 8 p.m.
Chicago at Nashville, 8 p.m.
Los Angeles at Dallas, 8:30 p.m.
Vegas at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Colorado at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
N.Y. Islanders at Toronto, 7:30 p.m.
San Jose at Detroit, 8 p.m.
Philadelphia at Washington, 8 p.m.
Thursday's Games
Toronto at N.Y. Rangers, 7 p.m.
Montreal at Carolina, 7 p.m.
St. Louis at Boston, 7 p.m.
Florida at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Anaheim at Ottawa, 7 p.m.
Philadelphia at New Jersey, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Los Angeles at Nashville, 8:30 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Dallas at Arizona, 9 p.m.
Colorado at Edmonton, 9 p.m.
Chicago at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Friday's Games
Washington at Pittsburgh, 7 p.m.
Detroit at Carolina, 7 p.m.
San Jose at Columbus, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
CBS Local — A new report from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) is drawing a disturbing connection between obesity and over a dozen forms of cancer.
According to the department's latest edition of Vital Signs, at least 13 different types of the disease have been linked to being overweight or obese. U.S. health officials say 40 percent of all cancer diagnoses in the country were associated with obesity in 2014. Older Americans were at even great risk as two-thirds of the cases were in adults between 50 and 74.
“A majority of American adults weigh more than recommended – and being overweight or obese puts people at higher risk for a number of cancers,” CDC director Brenda Fitzgerald said. “By getting to and keeping a healthy weight, we all can play a role in cancer prevention.”
The findings also pointed to the number of obesity-related cancers growing over the last decade. The study found that cancers tied to obesity increased by seven percent between 2005 and 2014. That number did not include colorectal cancer. Cancers that weren't associated with obesity declined in the U.S. by 13 percent.
Overweight & obesity are associated with at least 13 different types of cancer. Read more in new #VitalSigns. https://t.co/sw5me4tr4P pic.twitter.com/JwOdmbThQH — President's Council (@FitnessGov) October 3, 2017
“What we need to talk about is preventing cancer, eating better,” Ohio State University professor Theodore Brasky said. “Those approaches are cost effective and have a bigger impact. It's so much easier to not get cancer than to have to deal with treating it.” According to the CDC, two out of three adults in the U.S. were overweight in 2014.
A female Michigan doctor was charged on Thursday with performing female genital mutilation on minor girls aged 7.
This is the first time an indictment for FGM has been filed against a doctor since FGM on minors was outlawed in the United States twenty years ago.
Jumana Nagarwala, 44, performed the procedures in the Henry Ford hospital in Detroit. If guilty, she will face up to 10 years in prison.
"Despite her oath to care for her patients, Dr Nagarwala is alleged to have performed horrifying acts of brutality on the most vulnerable victims," Acting Assistant Attorney General Kenneth Blanco said in a statement. "The Department of Justice is committed to stopping female genital mutilation in this country, and will use the full power of the law to ensure that no girls suffer such physical and emotional abuse."
One of the girls was told the procedure would "get germs out of her," while the other described pain radiating down to her ankles.
Nagarwala has denied the accusations.
According to statistics, half a million US girls are at risk of undergoing FGM.
One of the biggest mysteries of 2016 will come to an end sometime this month. Samsung will make public the results of its months-long investigation into what caused several Galaxy Note 7 smartphones to turn into flames later this month , according to a report on Reuters. From the report:Samsung has also previously noted that it was working with several third-party sources and experts to figure out what could have caused the error. A popular theory among many is that Samsung attempted to further slim the form factor of the Galaxy Note 7, which resulted in the battery to be held too tightly within the device -- which in turn, caused the layers of lithium cobalt oxide and graphite to touch
A British banker sentenced to life in prison for the gruesome slayings of two Indonesian women appeared in a Hong Kong court on Tuesday in a bid to appeal his conviction.
Lawyers for Rurik Jutting presented their arguments in the semiautonomous Chinese city's Court of Appeal.
They were requesting the court's permission for an appeal, on the basis that the trial judge gave incorrect instructions to the jury on deciding their verdict.
The nine-person jury last year convicted the Cambridge University-educated Jutting of the 2014 killings of Seneng Mujiasih, 26, and Sumarti Ningsih, 23.
The case shocked residents of Hong Kong, while also highlighting wide inequality and seedy aspects usually hidden below the surface.
Jutting, 32, watched the proceedings from the dock Tuesday, wearing eyeglasses with dark frames and a blue dress shirt and often leafing through a bundle of court documents as he followed along. During a break he chatted with the three uniformed court officers sitting alongside him.
Jutting worked for Bank of America-Merrill Lynch, while Sumarti and Seneng arrived in Hong Kong as foreign maids but ended up as sex workers. During the trial, jurors were shown graphic iPhone video evidence shot by Jutting of him torturing Sumarti and snorting drugs.
Jutting attempted at the trial to plead guilty to manslaughter, which the court rejected. His defense argued that he was under diminished responsibility.
On Tuesday, Lawyer Gerard McCoy told the three-judge appeal panel that the trial judge made a "fatal error" in his directions to the jurors on how to consider whether Jutting was suffering from a psychiatric disorder.
STX Entertainment
The outrageous Happytime Murders trailer was only asking for trouble by including loads of puppet ejaculation. And although the project is directed by Brian Henson, son of Muppet creator Jim Henson, Sesame Street is not happy about the raunchy nature of the film and, late last week, filed a lawsuit to accuse STX Entertainment of appropriating their brand while simultaneously tarnishing the Muppets' reputation. Well, the Happytime Murders creators are taking the legal threat in stride, and they've enlisted a puppet-lawyer for a public response. As one does.
Free, Esq., an “STX Entertainment lawyer,” has issued a statement (courtesy of the Huffington Post), in which he stresses the cultural relevance of letting folks know what Henson puppets do when they're off the clock:
“STX loved the idea of working closely with Brian Henson and the Jim Henson Company to tell the untold story of the active lives of Henson puppets when they're not performing in front of children. Happytime Murders is the happy result of that collaboration and we're incredibly pleased with the early reaction to the film and how well the trailer has been received by its intended audience. While we're disappointed that Sesame Street does not share in the fun, we are confident in our legal position.”
Fred also wisely points out that the Happytime Murders is only intended for an adult audience, who he feels will appreciate the “adorably unapologetic” ways of these Henson puppets. Here's a look at Fred — he looks like a real courtroom shark — and as of yet, there's been no further response from Sesame Street.
STX Entertainment/Huffington Post
(Via Huffington Post)
The U.S. Department of Justice announced on Monday that the FBI arrested an Oklahoma man for allegedly trying to detonate what he thought was a vehicle bomb at a bank in downtown Oklahoma City, CNN reports.
The arrest took place on Saturday. A criminal complaint filed Sunday alleges that the 23-year-old man, Jerry Drake Varnell, tried to detonate what he believed was a van full of explosives that he had parked next to an Oklahoma City bank and was arrested after the attempt, at around 1:00 a.m.
PACK IT AND PROTECT IT
As a service to our customers, Just Box IT offers high-quality moving boxes and a wide variety of packing supplies at a reasonable price. We can help you with tips on how to pack different types of items.
CONVENIENT - VERSATILE - SAFE
Go Green Mobile Storage is a safe, reliable and affordable way to store your goods. It's easy and convenient. Save yourself the stress and hassle of renting, loading and driving a rental truck. Cut your labor time - load and unload only once. Move and store on your schedule.
CONTACT CUSTOMER SERVICE
LEBANON, TN
Just Box IT
680 Tennessee Blvd.
Lebanon, TN 37087
Office: 615-453-9912
Fax: 615-453-0779
Go Green Storage
680 Tennessee Blvd.
Lebanon, TN 37087
Office: 615-453-2288
Fax: 615-453-0779
Just Box IT
307 Babb Dr.
Lebanon, TN 37087
Office: 615-453-9912
Fax: 615-453-0779
MT. JULIET, TN
Just Box IT
9601 Lebanon Rd
Mt Juliet, TN 37122
Office: 615-754-1235
Fax: 615-453-0779
A century ago, it was one of the biggest names in retail. Now, even Sears officials say its future could be in doubt — though they say they have plans to make sure the retail icon survives.
Nancy Koehn with the Harvard Business School says in its early days — Sears Roebuck and Co. was like Amazon is today — a retailer of great disruption.
For Sears, it meant a path-breaking strategy of offering all sorts of merchandise in catalogs and building department stores in remote places with ample parking.
"It wasn't the Internet, but it was the same idea that no matter where you are you can touch and feel and imagine what these different products could mean in your life by virtue of an outreach, a distribution channel that an imaginative and gutsy retailer — in this case Sears — had created and then invested in and then enlarged," Koehn says.
Elgin, Ill., about 40 miles northwest of Chicago, is one town where Sears' innovation is clearly visible. Drive through the streets of one neighborhood and more than likely there will be a Sears Roebuck mail order kit house on one of the lots.
Dr. Rebecca Hunter, an architectural historian, stands on the porch of one of them — an arts and crafts style bungalow listed as "The Osborne" in the Sears catalog. It's one of about 200 Sears homes in Elgin.
"It's a phenomenon that gained popularity in the 1920s," Hunter says. "Mostly your framing boards were cut at the mill and numbered so that your builder would know how to put them together."
Between 1908 and 1940, Sears sold blueprints and approximately 70,000 pre-cut kit houses. It was a small part of the company's booming business. Sears' stature is far smaller these days amid a constantly changing retail landscape which brought with it the dominance of Amazon, the rise of e-commerce and big-box discount retailers.
It's left brick-and-mortar stores reeling. Despite its merger with Kmart in 2005, Sears has consistently lost millions of dollars each quarter.
The retailer has closed hundreds of stores, slashed jobs and sold off key assets like the Lands' End clothing line and its legendary Craftsman brand — although both brands continue to be sold at Sears. Independent retail analyst Sucharita Mulpuru says these changes haven't worked.
"There are just so many onerous forces relating to competition," she says. "I think that no matter what they do, they are fighting a losing battle."
In a memo, CEO Eddie Lampert says Sears is taking decisive action to return to profitability and to become a new kind of retailer. Some analysts accuse Lampert of sucking the value out of the company, selling off its most marketable assets. Then there's that line in Sears' recent annual report to federal regulators — which states "substantial doubt exists related to the Company's ability to continue as a going concern."
But Leena Munjal, a Sears senior vice president in charge of retail operations, says that reports of the company's demise are exaggerated.
"Do we have challenges? Absolutely," she says. "Just like many of the retailers out there and we are all trying to figure out what are the changes we need to make to our business models to be able to rise to those challenges."
Sears' transformation plan includes a membership program called Shop Your Way. Customers collect points they can redeem when they shop at Sears. The company's also worked on ways to make it more convenient for customers to shop online, or on their phones.
The Sears at Woodfield Mall, about 30 miles northwest of Chicago, is huge. There are clothes, fitness equipment and aisles of gleaming appliances. Carla and Jeremy Lang push their twin 18-month-old sons in a stroller while looking at ovens and stoves. Carla Lang says they've heard about the store's financial troubles.
"We've read stuff online that they may be closing stores and what not, but we still come here," she says. "It's close by, and like I said we've had success with purchasing things."
There are others though, loyal past shoppers, who haven't been in a Sears for years. Susan Mullen has fond memories of the store, but says she's not sure Sears' efforts to transform itself will work.
"It fits no niche. It's not a discount place. It's not high end," Mullen says. "It has no identity anymore. I guess it tried to be everything to everybody and it was very successful at that. But now it's nothing to nobody, which is sad."
But Munjal says that as a company with more than $20 billion in sales, Sears is still important to many and she invites former customers to give the company another chance while it implements changes. It's all part of the effort to counter the predictions of a slow death for Sears, while bolstering the reputation of a company that's been in business for more than a century.
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Suddenly, the Big Three is down to one. With star guard Chris Paul in Houston and face-of-the-franchise Blake Griffin traded to the Detroit Pistons, only DeAndre Jordan is left from the power trio that propelled the Los Angeles Clippers to relevance.
Jordan becomes a free agent this summer and could be gone, too, if he isn't traded by the Feb. 8 deadline. Lou Williams, leading the NBA in scoring off the bench with 22.2 points per game in his 13th season, might be trade bait, too.
Griffin's stunning departure on Monday — seven months after he signed a $171 million, five-year contract — has paved the way for the Clippers to have plenty of salary-cap room next season, putting them in position to snag a big-name free agent.
"With the future flexibility comes great opportunity," said Lawrence Frank, executive vice president of basketball operations. "It's going to be an exciting time, not just presently but also going forward."
The once-beleaguered franchise has never lured a major free agent, just as it has never gotten past the second round of the playoffs.
"We feel we'll always be an attractive place for players to come," Frank said. "With the goal being that we want to be in a position to compete for an NBA championship, that flexibility is paramount in order to add the talent we want to add to the team."
Exactly, Frank said, why the Clippers had to deal their resident superstar.
"As much as we valued Blake and all his contributions, we knew there may be a ceiling on the group as presently constructed and we were going to have to make some hard decisions," he said. "We couldn't be afraid to be bold."
Still, the move appeared to catch Griffin and his teammates by surprise.
"I know he was shocked," forward Sam Dekker said. "This is his team. This is all he knows. I'm sure he's nervous and it kind of made him probably sit down for a second and re-evaluate everything."
Austin Rivers, son of coach Doc Rivers, said, "No one saw it coming. I didn't even believe it when I heard it."
In exchange for their five-time All-Star forward, the Clippers got forward Tobias Harris, guard Avery Bradley and center Boban Marjanovic, along with draft picks.
"As long as I look around this place, I don't see any (championship) banners," the elder Rivers said. "And until we do that, we've got to keep mixing it up."
When Paul headed for Houston, the Clippers got Patrick Beverley in return and acquired Danilo Gallinari in a sign-and-trade deal.
That hasn't worked out so well.
Beverley has missed most of the season after having knee surgery in November. Gallinari returned Tuesday night from yet another injury, having missed 35 games this season with a variety of issues.
At 25-25, the Clippers are unlikely to win 50 games for a sixth straight season. Griffin played a major role the first five times that happened in franchise history.
But he was often injured during his nine years in Los Angeles, starting with a broken left kneecap that delayed his rookie season.
"You're looking at the other teams out there and comparing yourself. If you're not good enough or if you don't think you can beat them or if you think you need more help, then you have to do something about it," Rivers said. "To do something, sometimes you have to take chances. You have to mix it up and change it and see where you can go in the future."
___
More AP NBA coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
U.S. President Donald Trump addresses a joint news conference with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau at the White House in Washington, U.S., February 13, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump supports the goal of peace between Israel and the Palestinians, even if it does not involve the two-state solution, a senior White House official said on Tuesday.
Speaking a day before Trump holds a White House meeting with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, the official said peace was the ultimate goal.
"Whether that comes in the form of a two–state solution if that's what the parties want, or something else," the official said, adding that Trump would not try to "dictate" a solution.
Failure by a U.S. president to explicitly back a two-state solution would upend decades of U.S. policy embraced by Republican and Democratic administrations. It has long been the bedrock U.S. position for resolving the long-running Israeli-Palestinian conflict and has been at the core of international peace efforts.
Any sign of a softening of U.S. support for eventual Palestinian statehood could also anger the Muslim world, including Sunni Arab allies, which the Trump administration needs in the fight against Islamic State and to back efforts against Shi'ite Iran.
Trump considers Middle East peace a "high priority," the White House official said. The president has given his son-in-law, Jared Kushner, the job of negotiating a peace deal.
"We would want to work on it very quickly," the official said.
Trump's choice for U.S. ambassador to Israel, David Friedman, who has not yet been confirmed by the Senate, will not be involved in the president's discussions with Netanyahu on Wednesday, the official said.
Friedman advocates settlement building and has questioned the two-state solution.
The White House said earlier this month that Israel's building of new settlements or expansion of existing ones in occupied territories may not be helpful in achieving peace.
The statement was a shift in tone for Trump, who signaled during the campaign that he could be more accommodating toward settlement projects than his predecessor, Barack Obama.
(Reporting by Steve Holland; Writing by Eric Beech; Editing by Eric Walsh)
There were no injuries in the incident.
About 40-50 people were in The Glade Church at the time of the incident, Moore said. The weapon apparently discharged while the gun owner, who had a carry permit, stood at a guest service desk.
The gun was in the gun owner's left pocket, and it is not clear if something else was in the pocket and caused the gun to fire, Moore said.
The bullet went through the floor and caused damage to the carpet. It did not hit anyone, including the gun owner.
“It was on Easter Sunday, so of course it's going to be a crowded church,” Moore said. “This is one of those situations where, as a gun owner, with great power comes great responsibility. A permit-holder is legally and ethically responsible for every single bullet fired out of a weapon. Fortunately, no one was hurt.”
The investigation is considered ongoing, and the gun owner was not immediately identified.
“Investigators will consult with the district attorney on any possible charges that may stem from this incident,” Moore said.
The hidden secret of the coast: Cape Meares, a lighthouse, Oceanside, Netarts and Pacific City
Where the Columbia meets the Pacific, Land of Lewis & Clark and loads of atmosphere & history
TravelParanormal.com allows you to submit your own creepy tale or debunk one - or see up-to-the-minute news headlines about travel and the paranormal.
News Headlines from All Over Oregon Need to scan Oregon headlines? Constantly updated news from all over Oregon: a comprehensive, up-to-the-minute display of news headlines from a variety of media
Oregon Coast Oceanfront Lodging, Hotels, Rentals
A Guide to Oregon Coast Seafood Restaurants, Dining
Find us on Google+
iTunes Movies U.S. charts for week ending January 28, 2018:
iTunes Movies US Charts:
1. Geostorm
2. Blade Runner 2049
3. American Made
4. Ghost in the Shell
5. Only the Brave
6. A Bad Moms Christmas
7. Dunkirk (2017)
8. The Foreigner (2017)
9. It (2017)
10. Thank You for Your Service (2017)
iTunes Movies US Charts - Independent:
1. Home Again (2017)
2. The Final Year
3. Wind River (2017)
4. Marshall
5. Please Stand By
6. Loving Vincent
7. Columbus
8. Kickboxer: Retaliation
9. Brad's Status
10. The Killing of a Sacred Deer
_
(copyright) 2018 Apple Inc.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Local residents near the new Greenfield Avenue pedestrian crosswalk are asking motorists to please slow down.
The new crosswalk that was created in the summer has proven difficult to keep safe, according to residents in the area.
“I'm definitely avoiding the corner completely now,” said Ed Janes.
His family was helping to promote safety on the new crosswalk with this photo of Owen and Eric, both 7, Isabella, Kailena and Rosie, all 9.
They had seen how difficult it is for motoroists to see the crosswalk when driving west-bound up the hill on Greenfield.
After taking the photo and standing guard for their children, Janes and his wife watched as a woman talking on her cell phone narrowly avoided being hit by a pickup truck.
Awareness from both pedestrians and motororists is required as this new crosswalk becomes more travelled.
The message: Please slow down and cross carefully!
by
Scoring was at a premium when the Niagara Falls Canucks hosted the Pelham Panthers Friday night at Gale Centre.
Canucks netminder Zach Moore and Eric Schneider, his counterpart between the Pelham pipes, put on a goaltending clinic combining to stop 58 of 59 shots in a 1-0 Niagara Falls victory.
The shutout was Moore's fourth of the Greater Ontario Junior Hockey League season and his third versus the Panthers.
Hayden Broomhead's 23rd goal of the season 9:44 into the second period accounted for the scoring in the Golden Horseshoe Conference game.
“Zach was key for us tonight obviously, he got a shutout in a big game for us,” Canucks owner-head coach Frank Pietrangelo, himself a former goaltender, said on a night when his team had difficulty generating offence.
“I think if we had let in one or two goals, we would have had problems trying to come back in the game.”
Moore lowered his goals-against average to 2.68 while increasing his save percentage to .908. The win was his 21st of the regular season.
“I just tried to match the other goalie and do what I can to make the extra save,” he said. “The guys in front of me did the rest.”
Pietrangelo was pleased with the result. With his team's performance? Not so much.
“We have to score when we have chances,” the Niagara Falls native, a Stanley Cup winner with the 1991 Pittsburgh Penguins, said. “We didn't execute properly, our power play wasn't very good.
“I know we were missing a few bodies, but it wasn't a good enough performance.”
Shots on net were 31-28 in favour of Niagara Falls.
The Canucks went 0-for-3 on the power play; the Panthers, 0-for-2.
Fourth-place Niagara Falls swept the season series with Pelham six wins to none and improved to 27-11-0-4.
The seventh-place Panthers lost their seventh in a row to fall to 13-25-1-3 in league play.
The Canucks visit the 9-27-1-5 Fort Erie Meteors Saturday at 7:15 p.m., while Pelham is home to Fort Erie in a 2:30 p.m. matinee Sunday.
Niagara Falls leads the Meteors in this season's Battle of the Niagara Parkway five wins to none, 10 points to one.
Pelham is 2-1-1-1 in head-to-head play versus Fort Erie.
-With files from Bernd Franke, regional sports editor
A new effort is under way to raise $250 million to shore up San Francisco's aging seawall.Some political leaders say without it AT&T Park, new condo developments and Fisherman's Wharf would all be at risk.The San Francisco Seawall runs from Fisherman's Wharf down to Mission Creek and offers three miles of flood protection.It's served the city well and allowed the waterfront to grow and thrive. But now it's over 100 years old and showing its age.Cracks can be seen all along seawall on the Embarcadero.The fear is with the threat of a major quake and rising sea waters the wall won't be able to withstand nature's pounding and protect the waterfront, which now includes old favorite likes the Ferry Building, and new favorites like the Giants' ballpark and the new Warriors' arena under construction."Despite climate deniers, we know that the estimates of sea level rise by the end of this century are anywhere from 4 to 6 feet. We need to fix this seawall," Assemblyman David Chiu said.Chiu and State Senator Scott Wiener were surrounded by city leaders Monday as they introduced a new bill.Measure AB 25-78 would create a special tax district to divert state tax dollars to seawall improvement. and allow the city to sell bonds against future tax revenue.It's expected to raise $250 million adding to the $500 million they hope to raise with a bond measure on the November ballot.That's still just a drop in the bucket.The full seawall improvement cost is estimated at $5 billion.But consider that San Francisco's waterfront is home to $100 billion in assets and economic activity.
We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on!
Go to form
MK Yoav Kisch (Likud), the chairman of the Knesset Internal Affairs Committee, is promoting a bill to regulate construction for Jewish residents of the historic City of David in Jerusalem.
The City of David is the site where Jerusalem stood during the times of the Israelite Kings David and Solomon about 3,000 years ago. It is currently a national park. Several Jewish families have already purchased pre-existing homes in the City of David.
The committee approved for a first reading a bill submitted by MK Nurit Koren of the Likud, which states that in a specific case, the construction of a residential neighborhood in the area of ​​a national park will be approved, including the preparation of existing buildings and the use of residential areas.
The law, drafted in conjunction with the Elad organization, gives appropriate consideration to preserving the historical and archaeological values in the national park, according to MK Kisch.
MK Kisch said that "The City of David is an inseparable part of the history and heritage of the Jewish people in the Land of Israel and in Jerusalem in particular. The settlement there existed long before the site was declared a national park, and it is important for the continuation and expansion of the hold of the Jewish people in the Land of Israel and in all parts of Jerusalem, our capital."
Representatives of the Attorney General and the Planning Administration objected to the proposal, but MK Kish held the vote: "This is a great day for Jerusalem and the City of David," said Kish, promising to "finish the legislation."
LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--, a global procurement intelligence advisory firm, has announced the release of their ‘ . ' The insights and data in this report provide a strategic analysis of the supply markets, factors influencing purchasing decisions, procurement best practices, pricing models, supplier landscape, and an analysis of the supplier capability matrix for the . This report breaks down the data and analysis behind the procurement of fruits and vegetable processing equipment and acts as an all-inclusive guide for making smart purchasing decisions.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006326/en/
Fruits and Vegetable Processing Equipment Procurement Report (Graphic: Business Wire)
“An increase in the consumption of processed fruits and vegetables in emerging economies such as India and China will drive the growth of the market,” says SpendEdge procurement analyst Bhuvaneshwari Udayakumar. “Also, North America and Europe are the largest producers of fruits and vegetable processing equipment, owing to the increased cultivation of fruits and vegetables,” added Bhuvaneshwari.
Looking for more insights from this report?
SpendEdge sample reports are free of charge and provide insights that focus on cost-saving aspects of procurement and optimization of category spend.
Procurement analysts at SpendEdge highlight the following top three market trends that are contributing to the growth of the Global Fruits and Vegetable Processing Equipment Market:
Focus on adoption of advanced processing technologies by buyers Growing prospects for processed food equipment market due to surge in demand for organic fruits and vegetables in Europe Rise in government initiative for increased trade of processed fruits and vegetables
This report is available at USD 1000 discount for a limited time only:
Focus on adoption of advanced processing technologies by buyers
In the fruits and vegetable processing equipment market, the suppliers are adopting various advanced technologies to meet the rising demand from the consumers. This helps the buyers increase the efficiency and quality of the food items.
Growing prospects for processed food equipment market due to surge in demand for organic fruits and vegetables in Europe
In the recent years, there has been considerable growth in the production of organic fruits and vegetables. This ensures the limited addition of artificial colors, chemicals, and flavors and further ensures purity and quality for the buyers.
Rise in government initiative for increased trade of processed fruits and vegetables
In the fruits and vegetable processing equipment, the governments across the globe are taking initiatives to improve inter-regional trade. This also helps to scale up the base of food processing machinery and equipment.
to gain detailed insights into the current market trends.
Get unlimited access to all our reports. Our Insights platform provides ready-to-use procurement research reports, the latest supplier news, innovation landscape, markets insights, supplier tracking, and much more at the click of a button.
We also reports meeting clients' requirements.
Related Reports:
About SpendEdge
SpendEdge shares your passion for driving sourcing and procurement excellence. We are a preferred procurement market intelligence partner for Fortune 500 firms and other leading companies across numerous industries. Our strength lies in delivering robust, real-time procurement market intelligence that helps to source and procurement professionals make informed decisions. These innovative procurement solutions help enterprises transform structural capabilities, improve execution efficiency, and fast-track time to savings.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006326/en/
CONTACT: SpendEdge
Anirban Choudhury
Marketing Consultant
US: +1 630 984 7340
hello@spendedge.com
KEYWORD:
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: MANUFACTURING OTHER MANUFACTURING
SOURCE: SpendEdge
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 05:15 PM/DISC: 04/24/2018 05:15 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006326/en
NEW YORK (AP) — In Washington, even a name change is fraught with political drama.
The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is pushing to be referred to as the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection, a surface level, but notable change for the agency tasked with protecting consumers against debt collectors and banks.
Officials say the change reflects the bureau's legal name, but critics say it underscores the abrupt ideological turn the bureau has taken since Trump-appointee Mick Mulvaney took over. The 2010 Dodd-Frank Act did create a "Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection" but that name has rarely been used, except occasionally in court filings.
Under Mulvaney, the bureau has proposed revisiting the regulations and policies the Obama administration put in place, and has also reduced the number of enforcement actions it has taken.
— Main Menu — Home News - Local News - News Updates - Ohio News - National News - World News - News Briefs - Financial - Entertainment - Comics & Puzzles - Courier Road Report Sports - Local Sports - National Sports - Sports Extra - - MLB Highlights - - PGA Tour - - NASCAR Racing - - NFL Talk - - College Football - - NBA Basketball - Sports Buzz Ohio - Blanchard River Buzz - Orange & Black Attack - NASCAR Racing Life - Life News - Inside Editions - - Weekend Edition - - Clipper Coupons - - Online Circulars - - Today's Obituaries - - Parade - - Findlay Bicentennial - Celebrations Weekly - Community Calendar - City Directory - Courier Bridal Obituaries - Published Obituaries - Today's Obituaries Opinion - Editorials - Columns - - Historical Highlights - Letters to the Editor - Feature Blogs - Reader Polls Weather - School Delays - Event Cancellations - Traffic Conditions - CourierCam - Flood Portal The Docket Classifieds - Search Classifieds - Employment - Real Estate - Rentals - For Sale - Vehicles - Garage Sales Map - Open House Map - Ad Rates - Place Ad - Credit Application - Legal Notices Media - Photos - - The Flood of 2007 - Video - Photo Sales - CourierCam - SocialFindlay - Broadcast - - WFIN -1330 AM - - WKXA -100.5 FM - - 106.3 The Fox Member Service - Manage Account - Member Guide 2016 - Member Rewards - Sales Locations - Courier Directory - Submission Forms - Ad Rates Archives
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
LAKE PLACID, N.Y. (AP) — Jamie Greubel Poser drives a bobsled for the United States. Her husband competes for Germany. And her sister hails from South Korea.
That all intersects at the Pyeongchang Olympics.
Greubel Poser is looking to add to her medal collection after winning a bronze at the Sochi Games four years ago. Her husband, Christian Poser, will compete in likely medal-contending sleds for Germany in the two- and four-man events. And they'll race in the homeland of Greubel Poser's adopted sister, who has not been in South Korea since she was an infant 18 years ago.
"It's amazing and it's definitely what makes this Olympics so meaningful and special to me," Greubel Poser said. "I can't wait to be there and just have it be real. When I was in Sochi that was what made it really feel like the Olympics for me, knowing that my family was in Russia. So knowing that my family will be in South Korea, especially my sister, is just going to make this the best time ever."
Here's another element to her Olympic tale: She could most definitely win.
It won't be easy. Canada's Kaillie Humphries has been the world's best this season and is looking for her third consecutive Olympic gold medal, while longtime U.S. star Elana Meyers Taylor drove to silver at the Sochi Games. There's a clear perception around women's bobsledding that those are the best two drivers in the world, and it's been that way for some time.
To change that thinking, Greubel Poser likely needs Olympic gold.
"It's definitely fuel to the fire," Greubel Poser said.
When the track in Pyeongchang played host to a World Cup event last winter as its dress-rehearsal for the Olympics, Greubel Poser and Aja Evans prevailed to lead a gold-silver finish by the Americans. Greubel Poser and Evans were the bronze-winning duo for the U.S. in Sochi despite having limited time in a sled together beforehand. USA Bobsled decided to pair them again in Pyeongchang.
This wasn't Greubel Poser's best World Cup season; she was fourth in the final standings, albeit with one victory and two runner-up finishes. But she's also the only women's driver on the planet who knows what it takes to win in Pyeongchang.
"It all came together that week," Greubel Poser said.
In her last 44 major international races, Greubel Poser has six wins, six silvers and 16 bronzes — meaning she emerges from races with a medal 64 percent of the time. And out of her 11 medal-winning starts over the last two years, Evans has been in the sled for eight of them.
"She's after the same thing that I'm after now, which is the same thing we were after in Sochi," Evans said. "We felt like we didn't have enough time together before Sochi. Jamie's like a driver version of me. You can see it in her eyes. She's got no problem with confidence. She's going for it every time she touches the ice, and I really, really like that."
In other words, every race means a lot to Greubel Poser.
There's no denying that this one will mean considerably more.
Elizabeth Greubel has never been trackside for one of her sister's races; she's still in high school, and the schedules have never really aligned to give her time to head to a World Cup venue. But the whole family has been planning to be in Pyeongchang for some time, and it was one of the first thoughts that went through Greubel Poser's head when South Korea was announced as the winner of this Olympic bid seven years ago.
It's been a motivating factor ever since.
"My sister knows I'm an Olympian, but when I'm with my sister, I'm her sister and not an Olympic athlete," Greubel Poser said. "She humbles me. She humbles me real quick. I love her for that. I think she's excited for me because it's the Olympics, and of course it's interesting for her to go back and see where she was born."
This is Greubel Poser's second Olympics, after narrowly missing a spot on the team as a push athlete for the Vancouver Games in 2010. Not getting to those games was what made her decide to switch to driving, and her career has been going the right way ever since.
And now comes an opportunity for what would be the ultimate victory for her entire family, on her sport's biggest stage.
"This was meant to be," Greubel Poser said. "I know what I'm capable of doing, I know what I've done, and I'm ready to go do it."
___
More AP Olympics coverage: https://wintergames.ap.org
Cities across the U.S. are working to limit their emissions of climate-change gases turning to solar power, among other tactics.
In 2016, programs focused on bringing the benefits of photovoltaic solar power to business and residents helped to expand that capacity with record-breaking growth.
Advances in solar technology, improved costs, and strong community support are now an integral part of shaping local, state, and federal policies for clean energy.
DON'T MISS: Most electric-car-friendly U.S. cities: new ranking puts Portland on top
In fact, the report Shining Cities 2017 says that solar-energy policies are more critical to successful solar adoption than any other factor, even including the number of days of sunshine in a region.
One case in point: Snow-Belt city Indianapolis ranks fourth in solar photovoltaic power capacity installed per capita, beating out the two Sun Belt cities of Albuquerque and Phoenix.
San Diego is at the top of the charts for total solar power installed, displacing Los Angeles for the first time in 3 years.
View photos BlueIndy electric-car sharing station and European Bollore BlueCar, Indianapolis, Indiana, May 2014 More
Honolulu came in third, although it won this year's award for the most solar installed per capita.
Kansas City and other municipalities have pursued updates to their existing policies with zero-cost initiatives that reduced red tape to make it simpler for residents to install solar panels on their homes.
Baltimore has increased its solar capacity by 60 precent through strong net-metering policies, under which homeowners receive credits for renewable energy returned to the grid, as well as loan programs for small businesses and non-profits that surmount the high initial costs.
READ THIS: Solar power hits new U.S. heights: utility use exceeds home panels
The top 20 cities now account for nearly as much solar photovoltaic generating capacity as the entire country did back in 2010.
There remains room for growth, however.
It's estimated that the majority of the cities researched have developed only 2 percent of their possible solar PV potential.
View photos Plug-in electric cars at PSE+G facility in Newark, New Jersey More
Newark led that particular statistic; the largest city in New Jersey now uses 15 percent of its technical solar capacity.
The report suggests different ways to sustain the momentum of solar photovoltaic installations as costs of the panels continue to decline.
Local governments can implement ordinances to ensure new buildings and homes are prepared for simplified solar installations, or coordinate group purchases of solar panels for discounted rates.
CHECK OUT: France Will Pave Roads With 620 Miles Of Solar Panels
At the state and federal levels, policy could be introduced to mandate net-metering rates, low rate financing, and further technological research.
Cities that have implemented clean energy policy have proven that they will see results.
Cost savings, cleaner air, and ultimately, improved health will await those who implement clean energy policy.
— Matt Pilgrim
_______________________________________
Follow GreenCarReports on Facebook and Twitter.
The UFC is in jeopardy of losing its UFC 222 main event, on March 3 in Las Vegas.
According to sources, featherweight champion Max Holloway has suffered an injury that will prevent him from defending his title against Frankie Edgar.
The UFC has not officially pulled Holloway from the event, but is expected to do so shortly. The promotion is already in the process of exploring other options for its main event.
This will mark the second time a title fight between Holloway and Edgar has fallen through. The two were supposed to meet at UFC 218 on Dec. 2 in Detroit, but Edgar was forced out with an injury.
Fighting out of Waianae, Hawaii, Holloway (19-3) is riding a 12-fight win streak. ESPN ranks Holloway the No. 5 pound-for-pound fighter in the world.
Edgar (22-5) has not fought since May 2017.
UFC 222 takes place at T-Mobile Arena.
By Captain Daniel Espinosa • Maverick Sport Fishing
Costa Rica may not have the same sharp contrasts between the seasons for weather, but with the New Year changes are happening in the fishing scene.
Mahi are showing up in numbers this year. It has been a while. Boats out of Los Suenos are reporting multi fish mahi counts on a regular basis. Some yellowfin tuna continue to populate local waters as well.
All well and good, but the big news are the marlin. Costa Rica has become known as the top blue marlin fishery anywhere right now, mostly due to the incredible action on the local sea mounts. The news is that marlin are much closer in now.
Several Grand Slams of three different bill fish species on one day have been reported in the weeks surrounding New Year's. The 50' Maverick, Open Fly, reported two Grand Slams in two days including one involving three species of marlin. Not many of those world-wide in any year.
Lots of boats, big and small, are reporting multi marlin days out of Los Suenos on day trips. Double digit blue marlin continue to be reported from the sea mounts.
Sailfish are showing up in increasing numbers with several boats going double digits recently.
Seas are calm to dead flat many days, and the heavy rains are mostly gone now. Great fishing, great food and accommodations, with lots for non-fishing people to do while warming the pan for a big mahi feast.
Fish Los Suenos, we do.
Captain Daniel Espinosa has been fishing these waters for almost 30 years, starting at the age of 14. Born in Quepos, Daniel first fished as a Captain at age 17, and has not finished yet. Currently General Manager of Maverick Sportfishing Yachts, Daniel is owner of the Spanish Fly which he ran full time for 12 years, releasing a documented count of over 10,000 bill fish releases. His lifetime total exceeds 22,000. A pioneer in sportfishing in Costa Rica, Daniel has captained tournament winning boats in several Central American countries. His wins include the Los Suenos series and the WBS World Championship. He lives with his wife and family in the Los Suenos area.
People look at a burned vehicle at the site of car bomb attack in a busy square at Baghdad's sprawling Sadr City district, in Iraq January 2, 2017. REUTERS/Ahmed Saad
By Kareem Raheem and Ghazwan Hassan
BAGHDAD/TIKRIT, Iraq (Reuters) - An Islamic State car bomb killed 24 people in a busy square in Baghdad's sprawling Sadr City district on Monday, and the militants cut a key road north from the capital to Mosul, their last major stronghold in the country.
An online statement distributed by Amaq news agency, which supports Islamic State, said the ultra-hardline Sunni group had targeted a gathering of Shi'ite Muslims, whom it considers apostates. Sixty-seven people were wounded in the blast.
U.S.-backed Iraqi forces are currently fighting to push Islamic State from the northern city of Mosul, but are facing fierce resistance. The group has lost most of the territory it seized in a blitz across northern and western Iraq in 2014.
The recapture of Mosul would probably spell the end for its self-styled caliphate, but the militants would still be capable of fighting a guerrilla-style insurgency in Iraq, and plotting or inspiring attacks on the West.
Three bombs killed 29 people across the capital on Saturday, and an attack near the southern city of Najaf on Sunday left seven policemen dead.
Monday's blast in Sadr City hit a square where day laborers typically gather.
Nine of the victims were women in a passing minibus. Their charred bodies were visible inside the burnt-out remains of the vehicle. Blood stained the ground nearby.
"The terrorists will attempt to attack civilians in order to make up for their losses, but we assure the Iraqi people and the world that we are able to end terrorism and shorten its life," Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi told reporters after meeting with visiting French President Francois Hollande.
ROAD TO MOSUL
Since the drive to recapture Mosul began on Oct. 17, elite forces have retaken a quarter of the city in the biggest ground operation in Iraq since the 2003 U.S.-led invasion that toppled Saddam Hussein. Abadi has said the group will be driven out of the country by April.
As clashes continued in and around Mosul on Monday, Islamic State also targeted military positions away from the main battlefield, killing at least 16 pro-government fighters and cutting a strategic road linking the city to Baghdad.
Militants attacked an army barracks near Baiji, 180 km (110 miles) north of the capital, killing four soldiers and wounding 12 people, including Sunni tribal fighters, army and police sources said.
They seized weapons there and launched mortars at nearby Shirqat, forcing security forces to impose a curfew and close schools and offices in the town, according to local officials and security sources.
Shirqat mayor Ali Dodah said Islamic State seized three checkpoints on the main road linking Baiji to Shirqat following the attacks. Shelling in Shirqat had killed at least two children, he told Reuters by phone.
In a separate incident, gunmen broke into a village near Udhaim, 90 km (56 miles) north of Baghdad, where they executed nine Sunni tribal fighters with shots to the head, police and medical sources said.
At least three pro-government Shi'ite militia fighters were also killed and seven wounded when militants attacked their position near Udhaim with mortar rounds and machine guns, police sources said.
(Writing by Stephen Kalin and Ahmed Rasheed; Editing by Mark Trevelyan)
Getty Image
In October, a federal court ruled that transgender members of the military who had filed a lawsuit, and those planning to sue, over President Trump's ban on transgender service members were likely to win and blocked the ban from taking effect. After multiple branches of the military announced their intention to delay implementing the ban until an official order was made, it appeared that the ban wouldn't have to be followed at all. In another sign that Trump's ban might never become official, the Pentagon announced it would begin accepting transgender recruits into all branches of the military starting on New Year's Day.
While the Pentagon aims to accept transgender new recruits per the court ruling, government lawyers are hoping to secure a delay of the Jan 1 deadline. Per the Washington Post:
Officials are “taking steps to be prepared” to bring in the first transgender recruits on Jan. 1, as required by a federal court order issued recently, said Army Maj. David Eastburn, a Pentagon spokesman. He declined to comment further, citing open litigation, but said that the Defense Department and Justice Department are consulting on the issue.
Shortly after President Trump announced the ban, Secretary of Defense James Mattis organized an expert panel to review the issue of transgender service members and deliver a new policy based on that panel's report that would go into place in the first few months of 2018. A previous study by the Pentagon found that there were between 2,500 and 7,000 transgender people among the active U.S. troops, but Secretary Mattis has called those numbers into question in the past.
(Via Washington Post)
“Designated Driver” is a well-known catchphrase and there are public service announcements aplenty on the dangers of driving while impaired (DWI). But what about riding with impaired (RWI) people?
Motor vehicle crashes are the leading cause of death and injury in the young, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). Previous research has shown that impaired drivers are more likely to be male, have previous driving offenses, risky driving behaviors and troubled family backgrounds. But this type of driver will likely also have a history of riding with the impaired.
Researchers at Colorado State University and Colorado School of Public Health looked at data from the NEXT Generation study that followed a group of more than 2,000 teens (they began in 10th grade) from 81 schools across America as they emerged into adulthood. They looked at driving-related behaviors in relation to alcohol, marijuana and illicit drug use, with data from two years -- one year after high school and, again, two years after high school.
The survey asked, “How many times in the past 12 months did you ride with someone drinking alcohol,” asking again for marijuana and illicit drugs, like ecstasy or cocaine. Researchers also asked who was driving and if the students participated in binge drinking or used marijuana in the past 30 days.
One in three young adults reported being a passenger of an impaired driver at least once in the past year. To break it down further, 23 percent of drivers were marijuana-impaired, 20 percent alcohol-impaired and 6 percent illicit drug-impaired.
STOCK/Getty Images
These drivers included older adults -- of concern because impressionable youth can “model” what they've lived, and driving with impaired adults at the wheel may influence their own choices as adults.
“Parents should be a role model by not driving while impaired, and real friends should stop their friends from driving after using substances -- if using substances cannot be stopped,” said author Kaigang Li, Ph.D., in a press release.
In the second year of the study, increased odds of riding with impaired people were highest with an alcohol-impaired peer driver (four times higher than the first year after high school), next to a marijuana-impaired older adult driver (three and a half times greater than the first year), an alcohol-impaired older adult driver (nearly three times), and a marijuana-impaired peer driver (slightly over two times).
Who was the most likely to choose to get in the car?
Young women were more likely than young men to RWI the first year that the study followed them. They found that 25.1 percent of young women said they were passengers in a car with an impaired driver compared to just 21.9 percent of young men. But it evened out the next year with 32.9 percent of young women opting to ride in a car with someone impaired, in comparison to 33.2 percent of young men.
Hispanics were nearly five times more likely to ride with an impaired illicit drug user the second year. Those not in college or attending community college were more likely to RWI than those in four-year colleges, and the same trend was seen in those that were unemployed or working part-time compared to peers with full-time jobs.
“These behaviors are not isolated, especially in young people. When one risk behavior is present, it can definitely influence other behaviors," said Li. “We want them to conclude that ‘friends don't let friends engage in risky behaviors.' If they know that their friends don't do these risky things, they won't do it themselves.”
Overall, the researchers hope their findings will encourage young adults to transfer what they've learned about not drinking and driving to not riding with a driver who's "altered."
Dr. Najibah Rehman, MD, MPH, is a third-year preventive medicine resident at the University of Michigan, working in the ABC News Medical Unit.
The market for a peculiar type of clay is looking up thanks to improved prospects for oil and gas drilling and to cat owners who use the stuff to soak up their pets' business.
Over 90 percent of all bentonite mined in the U.S. and almost half worldwide comes from beds of ancient volcanic ash in Wyoming. Some call bentonite the mineral of 1,000 uses: It clarifies wine and other alcoholic beverages, forms an impervious liner to keep landfills from leaking, removes ink during paper recycling, and goes into a slew of homeopathic remedies.
But two of the biggest uses are in kitty litter and drilling mud, the goop pumped down oil and gas wells during drilling to keep the bit cool and carry cuttings to the surface.
As the oil and gas industry's fortunes rise and fall, so can bentonite's. Over the past two years, bentonite mining companies that do a lot of business with the oilfield services industry suffered while the oil and gas industry experienced its worst slump in 20 years or more.
Now, oil and gas prices have recovered somewhat, and petroleum companies look to drill more soon. Bentonite sales likewise show new signs of life, said Rick Magstadt, vice president of manufacturing for bentonite miner Wyo-Ben Inc.
"I'm not going to hex it by saying that I think it's going to be a lot better, but we expect a better year than we did last year," Magstadt said.
Bentonite assists drilling because of a property called thixotropy, which causes drilling mud to liquefy in the friction of drilling and solidify when the motion stops.
Cat litter has helped the industry ride out the oil and gas downturn, said Wyoming Mining Association Executive Director Travis Deti.
"The pet litter industry has been very steady," Deti said. "That's a remarkable thing that I don't think people realize. We're kind of like the pet litter capital of the world."
Drilling mud accounts for the largest portion of Wyo-Ben's business, while kitty litter and environmental lining round out the company's top three markets, Magstadt said.
Other bentonite mining and processing companies focus almost exclusively on kitty litter, and business has been steady, said Tom Thorson, president of Black Hills Bentonite, which gets 80 to 90 percent of its business from Clorox and other companies that make kitty litter.
Bentonite kitty litter isn't terribly kind to the environment because it comes from surface mines and flushing the stuff, which can absorb up to 10 times its weight in water and swell up to 16 times its original size, isn't a good idea. Bentonite-based kitty litter — millions of tons a year — takes up space in landfills and doesn't decompose.
But alternatives, such as corn-based litter, haven't really caught on despite growing demand for environmentally friendly pet products, said Shannon Brown, an analyst with the market research firm Packaged Facts.
Cat owners often find that biodegradable kitty litters, which can be quite a bit more expensive, doesn't work as well as bentonite-based litters, she said.
"They either don't like them or their cats don't like them. And so, in many cases, people will try them and then just go back to their standard, clay litter," Brown said.
Nationwide, sales of kitty litter approached $2.9 billion last year. Three-quarters of cat owners buy kitty litter and three-quarters of those buy clay clumping kitty litter, according to Packaged Facts.
Recently the U.S. Bureau of Land Management approved Wyo-Ben's plans to expand a bentonite pit near Thermopolis in north-central Wyoming. It was a rare bit of good news for Wyoming's mining industry, hit hard by a downturn in coal and a recent BLM coal-leasing moratorium.
Wyoming, the top coal-mining state, produces about as much coal in four days as the state's nine bentonite mines do all year. The 4.3 million tons of bentonite mined nationwide last year was down 10 percent from the year before, according to the U.S. Geological Survey.
Bentonite mining and processing continues to employ almost 700 people in Wyoming, thanks in no small part to cat owners.
"It doesn't sound that sexy, but it's good for business," Magstadt said.
———
Follow Mead Gruver at https://twitter.com/meadgruver
The Los Angeles subway system is expanding and so too are the number of prehistoric fossils being recovered as crews dig beneath the city.
Since work on one extension began in 2014, workers have routinely turned up fossilized remains of rabbits, camels, bison and other creatures that roamed the region during the last Ice Age. But Paleontologist Ashley Leger says "the big one" uncovered by her team is the intact skull of a juvenile mammoth.
California's stringent environmental laws require scientists to be on hand at certain construction sites. Transportation officials say paleontologists have staffed all L.A. subway digs beginning in the 1990s, when work started on the city's inaugural line.
The Latest on the search for 12 boys and their soccer coach in a cave in northern Thailand (all times local):
1:05 p.m.
The Thai official overseeing the rescue operation of a soccer team trapped in a flooded cave says the boys and their coach may not all be extracted at the same time depending on their health.
Chiang Rai provincial Gov. Narongsak Osatanakorn said Wednesday that "all 13 may not come out at the same time. If the condition is right and if that person is ready 100 percent, he can come out."
He said authorities will evaluate their readiness each day and if there is any risk will not proceed.
He said the team is currently recuperating.
Authorities are still determining the best way to get the team out of the cave, options that include diving.
———
12:50 p.m.
Thai authorities are working to with navy SEALs to run a fiber optic internet line into a flooded cave in northern Thailand where 12 young soccer players and their coach are trapped.
Communication technician Phoowanart Keawdum said Wednesday that once the cable is installed, phone calls to the cave will be possible.
Authorities tried to do the same Tuesday, but the equipment was damaged by the water.
In the latest videos released by the Thai navy, the boys and coach say they're fine. The group entered the cave in northern Thailand on June 23 before flooding cut off the main entrance. Rescuers are studying how to extract them safely.
———
11:10 a.m.
Thailand's navy is continuing to release videos of the young soccer players trapped in a flooded cave in northern Thailand.
The two latest videos posted to a navy Facebook page late Wednesday morning show a navy SEAL treating minor cuts on the feet and legs of the boys with antibiotic ointment. Several of the boys are seen smiling as they interact with the navy SEAL, who cracks jokes.
Other boys are seen sleeping under foil warming blankets.
A previous video released early Wednesday showed the boys saying they were healthy.
———
10:35 a.m.
The Thai official overseeing the rescue operation of a soccer team trapped in a flooded cave says the boys have been practicing wearing diving masks and breathing.
Officials have said that teaching the 12 boys and their coach to dive may be the only way to get them out of the cave, but other options are being explored.
Chiang Rai provincial Gov. Narongsak Osatanakorn said Wednesday that while the team has been practicing with masks, he doesn't believe they have attempted any practice dives.
He said it is unknown when an extraction could be attempted, but it is unlikely to be Wednesday.
He said any extraction has to be "100 percent safe."
———
8:55 a.m.
The soccer teammates stranded more than a week in a partly flooded cave say they are healthy on a new Thai navy video.
The boys and their coach introduce themselves individually with the camera turning to show a Thai navy SEAL with them. They smile at times and interact with the SEAL who asks questions.
Some appeared to be wearing a change of clothes since they were found late Monday and most were wrapped in foil warming blankets.
The video lasting about a minute was recorded sometime Tuesday and was posted on the navy SEAL Facebook page Wednesday morning.
The group had entered the cave in northern Thailand on June 23 before flooding cut off the main entrance. Rescuers are studying how to extract them safely.
WASHINGTON (AP) — A lawsuit against a North Carolina city for allegedly discriminating against an African-American-owned television network will go forward after the Supreme Court declined to get involved in the case.
The Supreme Court's announcement Monday that it would not get involved in the dispute leaves in place a ruling of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 4th Circuit earlier this year that revived the lawsuit. A trial court had initially dismissed it.
Black Network Television claims the City of Greensboro rescinded a $300,000 economic development loan because of race. The city says race had nothing to do with it. Appeals court judges ruled 2-1 that the lawsuit had been improperly dismissed.
ST. PETERSBURG, Russia (AP) — A merry band of about a thousand yellow-clad Sweden fans stayed after the game, singing in a stand behind the goal and ignoring repeated requests from the stadium announcer to make their way out.
Their team had just reached a World Cup quarterfinal for the first time in 24 years, and they were going to enjoy the moment.
The object of their affections was clear.
"It feels quite extraordinary and quite strange," Sweden coach Janne Andersson said. "The fact that they are staying on after the game, calling out and shouting my name, just makes you want to go out and thank them."
So he did, emerging back out from the dressing room with captain Andreas Granqvist to applaud the block of supporters who had been the most vocal throughout the 1-0, round-of-16 win over Switzerland on Tuesday.
In 39 years as a player and then a coach, Andersson hasn't worked outside Sweden, and many of his clubs were in the country's lower leagues, like Alets and Laholms.
Bespectacled, thick set and with short, cropped hair, the 55-year-old Andersson has no global profile, although that might be about to change with a quarterfinal against England on Saturday.
Through his insistence on working as a team (or as a "collective," as he often says), Andersson has changed the national team's philosophy. No more cult of the individual — Zlatan Ibrahimovic ruled the team for more than a decade before retiring from international play in 2016 — but instead an emphasis on the team.
"If I'm the symbol, I can live with that but this is very much about the team, not about me or any other individual," Andersson said. "Football is a team sport and this team really personifies that approach. We share. We work for each other on and off the pitch. I'm incredibly happy it's paying off. Football is a game played by a team. Never forget that."
Was that an indirect reference to Ibrahimovic, who often refers to himself as "God" or a "lion?"
Sweden is doing better at this World Cup than it ever did with Ibra.
Andersson's Sweden is hard-working, well-drilled, tough to break down — and dull to watch.
"I would not call you boring," Switzerland playmaker Xherdan Shaqiri told Swedish reporters after Tuesday's game, "but people at home may not like watching you."
Sweden has three shutouts in four games despite a possession disadvantage: 29 percent against Germany, 35 percent versus Mexico and 37 percent against Switzerland. Tactics include long passes to 6-foot-4 (1.92 meter) striker Ola Toivonen and throw-ins into the penalty area with the hope of flick-ons.
"We are right on the mark everywhere," midfielder Albin Ekdal said. "It's incredibly difficult to score against us."
After the victory against Switzerland, Andersson deflected a question about whether Sweden is starting to think about winning its first World Cup. Its side of the bracket opened with the exits of Germany, Spain, Portugal and Argentina.
"If you start to lower the bar or the level of ambition, that's not going to make for satisfaction," he said.
___
More AP World Cup coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/WorldCup
___
Steve Douglas is at www.twitter.com/sdouglas80
AMMAN, Jordan (AP) — Jordan's king has assured the Palestinians he will defend their "legitimate rights" to independence and a capital in east Jerusalem in dealings with the international community.
Abdullah II met Monday with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas, who is pushing back against last month's U.S. recognition of contested Jerusalem as Israel's capital.
Jerusalem forms the emotional centerpiece of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. President Donald Trump further infuriated the Palestinians last week when he declared Jerusalem now "off the table."
Jordan's royal court said after the Abbas meeting that the king "affirmed Jordan's continued efforts in all international forums to defend the Palestinian cause."
Saeb Erekat, an Abbas aide, said the two sides agreed to coordinate positions and that "great efforts are now being made to limit the damage" from the Trump policy pivot.
If you've ever tried out a new beer and wanted to make notes of it to remember for later, these beer tracking apps can help. Pull out your iPhone on your next trip to the micro brewery and become a beer connoisseur.
BrewBarrel
BrewBarr lets you track, rate, and browse through your beer drinking history. Write notes in the app, then add the beer name, brewery name, style, rating, and photo. Intelligent sorting includes being able to sort beers by brewery, date added, and rating. Plus, the Brew Inbox lets you share notes with other users. | BrewBarrel – Free
Barly
The machine learning behind Barly tries to learn your beer tastes over time. It then makes recommendations for you. View tap lists from bars and breweries nearby, which includes over 100,000 venues. See ratings from the community and set your own rating. Finally, you can check into venues within the apps and leave reviews. | Barly – Free
Beer Brains
Not only can you keep track of beers, rating, and notes, Beer Brains lets you scan the barcodes of beer in the store to create a sort of wish list. It works with or without an internet connection so your inventory, wish list, ratings, and notes are all stored locally on your iPhone. | Beer Brains – US$0.99
It's the kind of goal that makes fans groan because, man, he probably should've stopped that.
A shooter skating down the wing or even behind the net fires the puck between a goaltender and the near post for a short-side goal. It looks like it shouldn't go in, but it has been happening a lot more this season as players figure out what goalies are doing ... or at least trying to do.
"Those goals, they don't look good, but I think if people knew how hard it was to do that maneuver, they might be a little less quick to jump to judgment on the goalies," Chicago Blackhawks goalie Scott Darling said.
That maneuver is called the "Reverse VH" and it's the most widespread way for goalies to cover the post and not allow soft goals to be scored. An opposite of the previously-used "VH" stance, it means a goalie's pad against the post is horizontal along the ice while the back leg is vertical.
The Reverse VH is more effective than its predecessor, but as NHL Network analyst and former goaltender Kevin Weekes has said : Short side has become the new five holes. And everyone in hockey knows it.
Brian Boucher, another retired goalie turned analyst, said you can't go two or three nights without seeing a short-side goal somewhere around the league . As recently as Thursday night, Colorado Avalanche captain Gabriel Landeskog went short side on Stanley Cup-winning Pittsburgh Penguins goaltender Matt Murray on a textbook sharp-angle shot that looks like a bad goal but is more the product of shooters understanding techniques.
"Guys are realizing that the sharp-angle shots are extremely difficult to stop," Vezina Trophy-winning goalie Braden Holtby of the Washington Capitals said. "You do see more and more guys trying it because it's a high-quality scoring chance. Guys figure out trends now. They kind of figure them out a little quicker than they used to, which isn't great for us."
Jonathan Quick led the Los Angeles Kings to two Cups by using the Reverse VH and taking advantage of his Gumby-like athleticism. The stance, which originated in Sweden a few years before, took off in the NHL after Quick won the Cup in 2012 and now it's a go-to for most goalies.
Goaltending analyst Justin Goldman points out that when a skater is coming down the ice, there's actually more room for the puck on the short side than the far side because there's less distance for it to travel. More short-side goals isn't a result of the Reverse VH being a bad stance, but instead he believes it's goalies overusing it and losing the cat-and-mouse game between them and shooters.
Too often goalies drop to their knees into the Reverse VH and become sitting ducks for Alex Ovechkin, Sidney Crosby, Joe Pavelski and some of the best snipers around.
"The shooter knows the goalie's going to drop into this stance, which means he can release a puck a half a second or a half a step sooner than usual and he knows what his target is before he even looks up and sees where the goalie is," Goldman said. "They're almost over-anticipating what a shooter is going to do before he actually does it and the shooter has the capacity now, he has the wherewithal and he has the accuracy to pick that spot."
Darling thinks some goalies are still mastering the relatively new Reverse VH, and 2006 Cup-winner Cam Ward of the Carolina Hurricanes acknowledged he still uses the old VH style because he's more comfortable in it. Ward looks at Tuukka Rask of the Boston Bruins as someone who can push side-to-side with power out of the Reverse VH, and Goldman called 2013 Vezina winner Sergei Bobrovsky of the Columbus Blue Jackets the "posterchild" for doing it right.
"It's a tough position to get fully square, but when the puck's behind the net it gives you good coverage for pass outs and things like that," Philadelphia goaltender Steven Mason said. "It's complicated, but I think sometimes it can be overused."
Flyers teammate Jakub Voracek said he just shoots "wherever it's open," but that's often the short side nowadays. When the best shooters can anticipate a goalie going down early and putting the puck where he isn't, Goldman said it's so difficult to get back up that the key is being patient and staying upright longer.
"The problem is because goalies rely on this stance so often, they're dropping down into it before the puck is actually off the shooter's stick," Goldman said. "You want the shooter to make the first move. You want to hold your feet. You want to keep yourself as patient as possible so you read what the shooter does first and then you react."
Easier said than done, perhaps, even for the best in the game. A lot has changed since Boucher set the consecutive shutout record in 2003, and he doesn't even know if he'd be able to perfect the Reverse VH and deal with the expectations of goaltenders today.
"You've got to be in position to make the second and third saves because at the end of the day it's about keeping the puck out of the net," Boucher said. "Whether it's your fault or it's not your fault, if you don't keep it out of the net you're going to have a tough time winning games and you're going to have a tough time having a job."
MUSICAL COACHES
Michel Therrien became the fifth coach fired this season when the Montreal Canadiens canned him Tuesday and replaced him with Claude Julien, who was fired by Boston last week. Julien took five more days to get a new job than Bruce Boudreau did when fired by Washington on a November Monday in 2011 and joining the Anaheim Ducks on Wednesday.
MILESTONE WATCH
After registering a point Tuesday in the Penguins' win over Vancouver, Crosby is one away from 1,000 for his career . He's at 756 games now and will soon become the second-fastest active player to hit 1,000 after the ageless Jaromir Jagr.
GAME OF THE WEEK
The Blue Jackets host the Penguins on Friday in what very well could be a first-round playoff preview.
LEADERS
Points: Crosby (Pittsburgh), Connor McDavid (Edmonton), 61; Goals: Crosby, 30; Defenseman points: Brent Burns (San Jose), 59; Goals-against average: Devan Dubnyk (Minnesota), 1.97; Save percentage: Dubnyk, .933.
———
Follow Hockey Writer Stephen Whyno on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/SWhyno .
LAS VEGAS -- The Nevada State Athletic Commission intends to re-evaluate the disciplinary action it took against UFC lightweight champion Conor McGregor in October.
McGregor, 28, met with NSAC Chairman Anthony A. Marnell III and Executive Director Bob Bennett on Tuesday in Las Vegas to discuss his written request for the regulatory body to reconsider its disciplinary order against him.
Per NSAC protocol, an NSAC chairman has the authority to grant a motion for reconsideration filed by a sanctioned athlete. That motion is then voted on by commission members and, if passed, reopens the case to a new disciplinary hearing.
Marnell is expected to grant McGregor's request during the commission's monthly meeting in March.
The NSAC originally fined McGregor $75,000 and ordered him to produce an anti-bullying public service announcement with a production value of a minimum $75,000. He was also ordered to perform 50 hours of community service.
The order stemmed from McGregor's actions during a UFC fight week news conference last August, during which he threw water bottles and drink cans in the direction of his opponent,? Nate Diaz, inside the MGM Grand Hotel and Casino.
At the time of his initial disciplinary hearing in October, McGregor, of Dublin, was primarily focused on avoiding any suspension that would have prevented him from a scheduled lightweight title fight at UFC 205 on Nov. 12 in New York.
Shortly after that hearing, UFC president Dana White publicly stated McGregor had informed him that he never wished to fight in the state of Nevada again. McGregor later told RollingStone.com that he didn't see Nevada in his "foreseeable future."
On Nov. 18, six days after becoming the first fighter in UFC history to hold titles in multiple weight classes, McGregor filed a formal petition for judicial review of the NSAC's order in Nevada District Court. That case remains open for the time being.
The NSAC has undergone changes since McGregor appeared before the commission via conference call in October. Longtime commissioner Pat Lundvall's tenure with the NSAC came to an end in October. Former commissioner Michon Martin is no longer with the NSAC, as well.
It's worth noting that Lundvall made the initial motion to fine McGregor $150,000, which amounted to 5 percent of his $3 million purse to fight Diaz at UFC 202. And during deliberations, Martin suggested an even higher fine amount of $300,000, which was ultimately shot down.
The NSAC's pending decision to reopen McGregor's disciplinary order could have a direct effect on the recent developments regarding a potential megafight between McGregor and retired pound-for-pound boxing great Floyd Mayweather Jr.
In order for that fight to happen in Las Vegas, which is historically Mayweather's preferred location, McGregor would require a professional boxing license. Prior to submitting an application for that license, McGregor would need to settle any outstanding disciplinary orders with the commission.
Diaz was fined $50,000 for his part in the August incident. Diaz initially stood up from the news conference and began to walk out. As McGregor yelled to him from the stage, Diaz tossed a bottle in his direction, which prompted McGregor to return fire. The $50,000 represented 2.5 percent of Diaz's purse.
It's unknown at this time whether Diaz will file a similar request to reopen his disciplinary case with the NSAC, but sources told ESPN.com the commission would likely consider that request as well.
It's rare for an athletic commission to reopen a disciplinary case after a sanction has already been voted on. Most recently, and famously, the NSAC reached a settlement with UFC welterweight Nick Diaz in January 2016. After it initially suspended Diaz for five years, the commission reduced his sentence to 18 months.
By Nick Zieminski and Daniel Trotta
NEW YORK (Reuters) - A Bangladeshi man set off a homemade pipe bomb strapped to his body in a crowded New York City commuter hub during the morning rush hour on Monday, officials said, immediately calling it an attempted terrorist attack.
The suspect, Akayed Ullah, 27, was taken to a hospital after suffering burns from the explosive device, which was attached to his body with Velcro and zip ties and did not fully ignite, officials said. Investigators told Reuters they believe the attack in midtown Manhattan was intended to be a suicide bombing.
The blast, which occurred around 7 a.m. (1200 GMT) in a busy underground passageway between the subway station underneath the Port Authority Bus Terminal and the Times Square subway station, sent commuters fleeing for the exits and police officers rushing to the scene, as officials scrambled to reroute trains and shut down streets.
Three people, including a police officer, suffered minor injuries.
The attack came just six weeks after police say an Uzbek man, Sayfullo Saipov, plowed a truck through a crowd of pedestrians along a bike path in lower Manhattan, killing eight in an act for which Islamic State later claimed responsibility. In September 2016, a man injured 31 people when he set off a homemade bomb in New York's Chelsea neighborhood.
In recent years, numerous people claiming to be inspired by Islamic State have carried out attacks across Europe, the Middle East and the United States.
A law enforcement official familiar with the Ullah investigation said investigators have found evidence that he watched Islamic State propaganda on the internet.
'AMATEUR-LEVEL'
The weapon used in Monday's attack was "amateur-level," New York Governor Andrew Cuomo said at a news conference near the explosion site. He told CNN the homemade bomb may not have fully ignited, possibly limiting the damage.
Officials said the attempted bombing underscored New York City's status as a target for such attacks, citing the attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, which killed more than 2,750 people in New York and nearly 3,000 people in all, and the 1993 World Trade Center bombing, which killed six people.
"Let's be clear, as New Yorkers, our lives revolve around the subways," Mayor Bill de Blasio said at a news conference. "And let's also be clear, this was an attempted terrorist attack."
In a statement, President Donald Trump said the attack emphasized the need for U.S. immigration reforms.
"America must fix its lax immigration system, which allows far too many dangerous, inadequately vetted people to access our country," he said.
The president also criticized the visa program that allowed Ullah to enter the United States in 2011 because he had family members already in the country, saying such family visas are "incompatible with national security."
Ullah lived with his mother, sister and two brothers in Brooklyn and was a green card holder, said Shameem Ahsan, consul general of Bangladesh in New York.
Authorities did not immediately comment on Ullah's motives. When asked whether Ullah had claimed any connection to Islamic State, New York Police Commissioner James O'Neill said, "He did make statements but we're not going to talk about that right now."
Several U.S. officials familiar with the investigation told Reuters there was no immediate information indicating Ullah was previously known to any American spy or law enforcement agency for any connection to militants or terrorism, though a connection could still be found.
Ullah is from the Bangladeshi city of Chittagong and is a U.S. resident, said the country's police chief. He had no criminal record there and last visited Bangladesh on Sept. 8, the chief said.
Ullah had a black cab/limousine driver's license from 2012 to 2015, the New York Taxi and Limousine Commission said.
Monday's incident was captured on security video, police said. Video posted on NYPost.com showed smoke and a man lying in a long tunnel that connects sections of the sprawling Times Square subway station. A photograph showed a man lying facedown, with tattered clothes and burns on his torso.
'EVERYBODY WAS SCARED'
The explosion turned a normal start to the work week into a chaotic scene.
"There was a stampede up the stairs to get out," said one commuter, Diego Fernandez. "Everybody was scared and running and shouting."
A train rammed into a passenger bus, the motor of which died on railway tracks in the Vladimir region of Russia on October 6. The drivers could not start the engine because of a problem with a battery. 19 people, including one child, were killed in the accident, but the bus driver survived.
The Mercedes bus was reportedly carrying 55 citizens of Uzbekistan to Moscow. There were two drivers in the bus, nationals of Kazakhstan, one of them was killed.
The accident occurred at 03:29 a.m. in the area of the Pokrov station of the Vladimir region, when a train traveling from St. Petersburg to Nizhny Novgorod crashed into the bus on the railway tracks. The train driver tried to stop the train, although to no avail. The break path of the train was said to be over 700 meters. Thirty-four passengers of the bus survived.
Pravda.Ru
Louis Tomlinson suffered the devastating loss of his mother, Johannah Deakin, in early December, but it looks like the 25-year-old is facing 2017 with renewed energy—and apparently a little partying.
The One Direction star greeted the new year with what appears to be a post-celebration hangover selfie, shared to his Instagram on Sunday morning.
Clad in a wool-lined denim jacket with a hoodie underneath, Tomlinson's bleary eyes stared directly into the camera. “I've felt better ! Hello 2017 !!” he captioned the photo. Maybe he's felt better, but he looks good—and that counts for something!
Deakin died after a fierce battle with leukemia at age 43, just a few weeks before her famous son's birthday.
“It is with immeasurable sadness that Johannah Deakin's family said goodbye to Johannah in the early hours of Wednesday, Dec. 7,” her loved ones said in a statement. “Earlier this year Johannah was diagnosed with a very aggressive form of leukemia that required immediate and continuous treatment. We respectfully request that the family are given time and space to grieve in private.”
Days after her death, Tomlinson carried out a perviously scheduled appearance on The X Factor, as was his mother's wish. He dedicated an emotional version of his new single “Just Hold On” to her.
TAIPEI (Taiwan News)—A first batch of unused fuel rods purchased for the Fourth Nuclear Power Plant has likely been transported out of Taiwan on Wednesday morning, but authorities have refused to confirm, according to a CNA report.
The report said eight cargo vehicles allegedly carrying fuel rods were waiting at Keelung Harbor in northern Taiwan for the goods to be lifted onto a cargo ship, as people concerned with the operation looking on.
A person wearing a vest bearing the words “radiation protection unit” refused to make a comment when asked by a CNA reporter whether fuel rods were being transported out of the country, the report said. Another wearing a “Lungmen Power Plant” (another name for the Fourth Nuclear Power Plant) helmet waved his hands, signaling that he didn't want to make a comment either, according to the report.
Seven or eight police officers from Keelung Harbor Police Department were at the wharf to secure the operation, and none of them was willing to talk about the operation, according to the report. A yellow van bearing the words “Lungmen Nuclear Power Plant” was parked beside the wharf, and inside the vehicle were a few yellow strips among other stuff printed with nuclear logos and the words “UN3328 radioactive material," CNA reported.
After the loading was completed, the ship left the port.
State-run Taiwan Power Company (Taipower) didn't want to confirm that the operation was about shipping out the first batch of the Fourth Nuclear Power Plant's fuel rods citing confidentiality agreement, according to the report.
Liu Wen-chung (劉文忠), head of the radioactive waste management department under the Atomic Energy Council, said his office had approved Taipower's application to transport the fuel rods overseas, the report said.
Taipower plans to transform the Fourth Nuclear Power Plant into a comprehensive power park, and ship the 1,744 fuel rods in the plant out of the country by the end of 2020, a move the company said would reduce manpower and save NT$100 million asset management fee a year.
While fans of the ‘Fast & Furious' – and, most vocally, Tyrese Gibson – may be fretting over the push-back of ‘Fast & Furious 9,' there's still some cause for excitement: the Luke Hobbs/Deckard Shaw spin-off movie will be arriving in the meantime. And there's a very exciting director said to be in the mix.
Variety report that ‘Iron Man 3' director Shane Black has been named as a candidate to call the shots on the as-yet untitled ‘Fast & Furious' spin-off set to centre on Dwayne Johnson and Jason Statham's characters from the high octane action franchise.
Announced by studio Universal within weeks of ‘Fast & Furious 8's record-breaking release, the spin-off – which would have been teased by post-credits scene which was cut from the film at the last minute, allegedly at the insistence of actor/producer Vin Diesel – aims to capitalise on the chemistry the two hard men built up, as adversaries forced to work side-by-side.
Writer-director Shane Black at the LA premiere of 2016's ‘The Nice Guys' (Credit: Nicky Nelson/WENN.com) More
Should he land the job (Variety stress that talks have not yet taken place), Shane Black is an exciting and entirely logical choice for the director's chair. As the writer of ‘Lethal Weapon,' Black pioneered the action buddy movie format which caught on like wildfire in the late 1980s and into the 1990s.
Since becoming a director, Black has continued to specialise in comedic interplay between odd couples: 2005's ‘Kiss Kiss Bang Bang' and 2016's ‘The Nice Guys' respectively cast Robert Downey Jr and Val Kilmer, and Russell Crowe and Ryan Gosling as mismatched detectives with a gift for trash talk – all of which would be ideal for a Hobbs/Shaw movie.
Moreover, Black's no slouch at directing large scale action, as he proved with Marvel mega-hit ‘Iron Man 3,' and all being well will prove once more in 2018 with ‘The Predator.' On top of all this, Black's also had some dealings with Dwayne Johnson, having provisionally cast him as the lead in his in-development ‘Doc Savage.' However, with that film seemingly stuck in limbo, this ‘Fast & Furious' spin-off might prove a more than adequate interim project.
Play nice now, boys… (credit: Universal) More
So, here's hoping that Black does indeed wind up behind the camera on the first ‘Fast & Furious' spin-off movie – although, again, it should be emphasised that no deals are on the table yet, as screenwriter Chris Morgan is still at work on the script.
It also remains unknown whether Charlize Theron, who was initially rumoured to be part of the spin-off, will also reprise her ‘Fast & Furious 8' role here.
The Hobbs/Shaw movie is scheduled to hit screens on 16 July 2019, whilst ‘Fast & Furious 9' will now open on 14 February 2020. Meanwhile, Shane Black's ‘The Predator' will open on 3 August 2018.
Read More:
Gore Verbinski in talks for Gambit
The Bride of Frankenstein remake delayed
2017 UK box office avoids US slump
CINCINNATI -- Cincinnati Bengals cornerback Adam Jones went on a verbal tirade against a reporter just minutes into the team's first open interview period of the offseason on Monday.
Jones was speaking to the media for the first time since he was released from jail after an arrest in January. He spoke for only four minutes before he yelled at a reporter who'd asked whether Jones had anything to say to the fans about his arrest. Jones announced before the interview that he would not be taking any questions related to the arrest.
Jones entered alcohol-related treatment program and anger management in the offseason after his arrest on charges of harassment with a bodily substance, assault, obstructing official business and disorderly conduct. Jones' felony charge stemmed from an incident in which police say he spit on the hand of a nurse at the Cincinnati jail. He was also caught on camera cursing at a police officer and telling him "I hope you die tomorrow."
Cincinnati prosecutor Joe Deters dropped the felony charge in March?and said Jones' insistence on staying in the anger management program beyond the normal limits factored into his reasoning.
"I know you said you were thankful for the organization. Is there anything you have to show to fans, have to prove to the fans for them to welcome you back since there were a lot of people upset with the way things went down in the offseason for you?" Jones was asked on Monday morning.
"Didn't I just tell you don't ask me that?" Jones said. "Turn around. Go back that way. See you. Next question."
Jones then walked away after declaring the reporter was not allowed to ask him any more questions for the rest of the year. He walked across the locker room to the restroom before turning around and coming back to berate the reporter. Jones repeatedly cursed at the reporter and said it was a "dumbass question." Bengals coach Marvin Lewis eventually entered the room to speak with Jones.
Just a few minutes earlier, Jones answered an question from the same reporter on how he felt about the support from the Bengals organization after the arrest.
"Words can't express my feelings for the organization, Mr. Brown, coach Lewis, my teammates, the city of Cincinnati," Jones said. "This is home for me, so I'm very eager be here and I don't take it for granted."
The Bengals declined to comment on Monday's incident.
Jones has been in off-the-field trouble several times over the course of his career, which almost came to an end after he was suspended by the NFL for the entire 2007 season because of an incident in a Las Vegas nightclub that resulted in a man being paralyzed. Jones was ordered to pay $12 million in damages to the victim for his role in the incident.
Jones has been with the Bengals since 2010 and was voted a team captain for the first time last year.
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) — A false alarm set off a stampede at Penn Station last week, and now some are worried that it could happen again – and that Penn Station is not prepared.
A chain of events led to a panic on Friday. First, a disabled NJ TRANSIT train led to widespread delays and left the train depot packed and crammed.
Then, as frustrated passengers crowded the platforms, Amtrak police used a Taser on a suspect, which some people mistook for the sound of gunshots.
“We received several dozen 9/11 calls from Penn Station and on 34th Street from Seventh Avenue to Broadway. All of those calls were determined to be unfounded,” NYPD Chief William Morris said. “Given our experience dealing with similar situations, we were able to quickly review all the 9/11 calls and determine that there were no actual shots fired.”
But terrified travelers ran in fear for their lives, leaving behind luggage, clothing and even shoes. As CBS2 Political Reporter Marcia Kramer reported, at least 16 people were injured as they fled what they thought was a terrorist attack.
“It probably will happen again,” said security expert and former FBI agent Manny Gomez.
But there is even more troubling news. Officials admitted that there needs to be a better plan for dealing with panicked crowds at Penn Station – fears that could easily be set off in the post-9/11 world.
CBS2's Kramer asked the Steven Santoro, the executive director of NJ TRANSIT, if there was a contingency plan to deal with panicked situations like the one Friday night and also to deal with large crowds.
“So at Penn Station, Amtrak is the owner of that facility,” Santoro said. “What we intend to do based on the last three incidents is to get together with Amtrak and make sure we have the proper crowd control. We need to talk to Amtrak and make sure that there is a proper plan.”
Is there a proper plan? Mike Tolbert – a spokesman for Amtrak, which shares tracks with NJ TRANSIT and the Long Island Rail Road – said: “Friday's crowding situation remains under review.”
Tolbert later insisted, “There is a communications plan and constant coordination with both LIRR and NJ TRANSIT.”
New Jersey state Sen. Robert Gordon (D-Fair Lawn) said the rail agencies had better hop to it.
“We need to do contingency planning, because these events are going to happen more frequently,” Gordon said.
The Metropolitan Transportation Authority said there is a plan for crowd problems on the LIRR tracks at Penn.
“What we do when we know there's an incident that could cause massive crowding, we'll actually meter off and barricade some entrances so that we can help sort of control and meter the crowding that comes in,” said MTA spokeswoman Beth DeFalco.
Gomez said more needs to be done, including a coordinated communications system for notifying passengers.
“The problem here was there was no information, and the lack of information caused that spark which eventually caused that stampede,” Gomez said.
Kramer asked Santoro whether he was satisfied with the NJ TRANSIT response to the events of Friday night.
“No – obviously, the crowds were still there,” Santoro said. “We need to get with Amtrak and work out a better plan for our customers.
Gov. Andrew Cuomo is calling for first all responders at Penn Station to be trained in how to handle an anxious public. A representative for Gov. Chris Christie called the situation “unacceptable.”
The MTA said on Friday night, Amtrak police placed two people into custody for disobeying orders and used a Taser on one of them.
Amtrak later released a statement, saying the suspect was in custody. It also said the station was not evacuated and remained open.
The suspect remained hospitalized for psychological evaluation and was expected to be arrested after being discharged.
Meanwhile Monday, Amtrak said the NJ TRANST train that caused the massive crowding at Penn Station – and left passengers trapped on board for three hours – was stalled by mechanical problems involving the train's pantograph, or power collector. Amtrak infrastructure was not to blame, the agency said.
AP Photo/Matt Rourke
It was a rough day for the already-roiled U.S. health insurance market: One giant merger was abandoned, another is threatened by infighting, and a major insurer announced it will stop selling coverage on public exchanges in 11 states. Both merger deals had already been rejected by federal regulators and judges, but the companies were considering appeals to those decisions. Now they both appear to be off. Aetna said it was abandoning its planned $34 billion purchase of Medicare Advantage provider Humana early Tuesday. Then, later in the day, Cigna said it is suing Anthem to kill a $48 billion acquisition bid. The deals were conceived as a way to help the insurers increase their enrollment and cut down on expenses in part so they could operate profitably in the public insurance exchanges established as part of the Affordable Care Act. Big insurers have been hit with substantial losses from the exchanges, even though they represent a relatively small part of their overall business. Many have already cut back their offerings, and that has slashed customer choices in many markets around the country. The collapse of one deal and the uncertain future of the other could hurt shoppers on the exchanges next year by leaving them with even fewer options and potentially higher prices. Humana told investors late Tuesday that it was abandoning it exchanges in all 11 of its states as of the beginning of next year. Humana, based in Louisville, Kentucky, was the only insurer on exchanges in 16 Tennessee counties, according to data compiled at the start of the 2017 open enrollment period by the Associated Press and health care consulting firm Avalere. That means customers in those counties may have no way to buy coverage with help from government tax credits next year unless another insurer decides to enter those markets. Every exchange in the U.S. had at least one insurer selling coverage on it for 2017, according to Larry Levitt of the non-profit Kaiser Family Foundation, which studies health care issues. Morningstar insurance analyst Vishnu Lekraj said it's possible all the four insurers involved in the deals could leave the exchanges. Aetna Chairman and CEO Mark Bertolini raised that possibility months ago. He said that if his company's planned, was blocked, “we believe it is very likely that we would need to leave the public exchange business entirely,” according to court documents filed in that case. Aetna, based in Hartford, Connecticut, says it lost $450 million last year on ACA-compliant coverage, while the company booked an overall profit of $2.27 billion. Its loss on ACA-compliant business was $100 million more than it expected. Bertolini said recently that his company would announce by April 1 whether it will remain in any of its exchanges. “We're looking at everything,” he said. Government and industry officials have said President Donald Trump's administration and congressional Republicans are weighing measures to stabilize the wobbly exchanges. Insurers have been pushing them to act soon. “The clock is definitely ticking for the Trump admin to provide some clarity around what the rules will be,” Levitt said. In suing to end its tie-up, Cigna, based in Bloomfield, Connecticut, it wants more than $13 billion in damages from its onetime-companion Anthem, the Blue Cross-Blue Shield insurer, which is based in Indianapolis. Cigna says it is seeking a $1.85 billion termination fee from Anthem and billions more in damages for what it says were Anthem's breaches of the merger agreement. The insurer says the damages include the amount Cigna shareholders would have received if the merger had not failed. It noted that Anthem assumed full responsibility for litigation strategy and getting the necessary regulatory approvals, suggesting that it was Anthem's responsibility to push the deal through. “Cigna fulfilled all of its contractual obligations and fully cooperated with Anthem throughout the approval process,” the insurer said in a statement. An Anthem spokeswoman says Cigna has no right to end the deal, and it remains committed to closing the transaction. The insurer had just filed on Monday paperwork to appeal the federal court ruling. Anthem and Aetna put their acquisition bids together in 2015 and touted them as a way to grow enrollment and reap savings that they would then pass on to consumers. The deal would have given Aetna the opportunity to significantly expand its presence in Medicare Advantage coverage, which involves privately run versions of the federal Medicare program for people who are over 65 or disabled. But the Department of Justice had sued last summer to stop the deals, due to concerns about how they may affect prices and consumer choices. Federal judges then rejected the acquisitions in separate rulings filed earlier this year. The deals would have combined four of the nations' five largest insurers. UnitedHealth Group is the largest. — AP Data Journalist Meghan Hoyer contributed to this report from Washington, D.C.
Comments
comments
It has always been a dream of mine to work on a sport fishing boat but if you weren't brought up in the business it takes some work to get there.
Everybody has to start somewhere and for me it was inshore fishing with my dad and brother on an old nitro bass boat.
I remember watching all the charter boats coming in and thinking to myself, “I can't believe people are getting paid to go fishing”.
Little did I know there is a lot more work that goes into working on a boat than just backing down on blue marlin and washing the boat.
If you want to work in this industry you must be eager to learn and willing to do some work for free.
I remember being excited when friends would let me hang out in the cockpit while they cleaned the boat. I would always make sure to help and ask a thousand questions about fishing while doing it.
Finally, I started getting asked to come ride along and that's when my addiction set in, I knew that I wanted to make a career out of it.
What I lacked in knowledge I made sure to make up for in work
First impressions go a long way and what I lacked in knowledge I made sure to make up for in work.
There is always something to do in the cockpit and there is no reason to sit down.
Making the mates job easier will lead to another invitation and make them more willing to share their knowledge and experience.
Some of the best experience you can get is when you go fish on other boats, everyone has their own way of doing things.
As I started to fish with different charter boats and fill in for other mates I started to develop my own methods.
I would always, and still always, write detailed notes in my log book
Whether you're watching the captain drive on a fish or watching the crew do something a little bit different, you can always take away knowledge every time you go out.
I would always, and still always, write detailed notes in my log book on the way home about things I liked or new ideas I came up with.
The sport fishing industry is small and word spreads fast, each and every boat you step on could be a new job opportunity or a reference to add to your resume.
Before someone hires you for a job they are going to make sure to call around to other captains.
Make sure to present yourself professionally and remember your next job opportunity could be right in front of you.
Patrick Brogan
You may also enjoy reading: The Southside Report July Fishing Forecast
The U.S government has provided more than $55,000 to Cambodia for the preserving of personal items belonging to prisoners at a Khmer Rouge prison and torture center in the 1970s.
The project agreement was signed Monday by U.S. Ambassador to Cambodia William Heidt and Cambodian Secretary of State for Ministry of Culture and Fine Art Chuch Phoeurn. The funding aims to preserve and maintain 3,000 to 5,000 items of clothing, shoes, hats and belts belonging to prisoners who were detained at the Khmer Rouge's main Tuol Sleng prison facility.
Under the 1975-79 Khmer Rouge regime, an estimated 17,000 Cambodians were tortured at the center, known as S-21 prison, and then killed. An estimated 1.7 million Cambodians died from execution, starvation and inadequate medical care under the rule of the ultra-communist group.
Heidt said the timing of the project is critical since the items are slowly deteriorating. The prisoners' belongings tell the extremely personal and heartbreaking stories of the victims of the Khmer Rouge and include clothing, hats and other items from both adults and children.
"If you look closely, you even can see that some items still show blood and sweat stains," Heidt said. "The conservation work will carefully preserve the textiles without removing this historical evidence. Each piece carries its own history and we recognize how important it is to preserve this story for future generations."
Chuch Phoeurn welcomed the U.S. funding and said the preservation of the belongings is important because they can help educate young Cambodians. He said some of the items will be displayed at the Tuol Sleng Genocide Museum.
WATCH: @Lin_Manuel Miranda talks raising money for Puerto Rico, new passion project being called the "'We are the World' of this moment." pic.twitter.com/diuXFPLzrA — Good Morning America (@GMA) October 6, 2017
Everyone on the track pic.twitter.com/oCKcWUax5R — Lin-Manuel Miranda (@Lin_Manuel) October 6, 2017
In a single being called the '''We are the World' of this moment,'' celebrities including Lin-Manuel Miranda, Jennifer Lopez and Luis Fonsi are coming together to raise money for hurricane victims in Puerto Rico.After Hurricane Maria devastated the island late last month, only 7 percent of Puerto Rico has power back as of this week, ABC News reports , and less than half have regained access to water.Miranda, the creator and originator of the title role ofon Broadway, knows firsthand how people with family in Puerto Rico felt after the hurricane hit."There was this terrible silence while we all waited to hear from our families," he told, "and my social media, my Facebook, my Twitter, was filled with, my friends and my family: 'Has anyone heard from Isabela? Has anyone heard from San Juan?'"Those social media posts inspired Miranda to write a song that included the names of all the towns and cities on the island. In "Almost Like Praying," he also employs lyrics from the musical, which features Puerto Rican characters.In two weeks, the Emmy, Grammy and Tony-winning artist wrote the song, coordinated with the artists, and recorded the track, which was released late Thursday. A prolific Twitter user, Miranda said that he tweeted at artists he wanted to include whose phone numbers he didn't have.He gave a shout-out to all the artists included in the song on Twitter, including Jennifer Lopez, Luis Fonsi of "Despacito" fame, Rita Moreno and Camila Cabello.With so many stars involved, putting the song together required "everyone moving mountains," Miranda said. Puerto Rican rapper PJ Sin Suela was first able to reply to Miranda less than a week ago when he regained power, and he was unable to send his recording. Fortunately, Gloria Estefan, who is also involved, had plans to travel to Puerto Rico."I go, 'Can I get you a memory stick?'" Miranda recalled. "That night I get an email, it's a picture of Gloria Estefan and Emilio Estefan holding the memory stick. And he [Sin Suela] is on the track."Miranda said 100 percent of proceeds will go to the Hispanic Federation, a group of Latino nonprofits in the United States, which is currently raising money for Hurricane Maria victims.
YouTube
We're only one week removed from WWE's big two-night Superstar Shake-Up, and already we have our first “whoops, that didn't quite go how we expected it to.” It's a real bummer.
One of the moves you may have missed or overlooked from the Raw roster acquisitions was that Zack Ryder moved from Smackdown to Raw. Bonus points for you if you remembered which roster Ryder was on BEFORE the Shake-Up. But both Ryder and WWE were hoping this could be the start of a new chapter for the man, who has been signed to WWE for over 10 years now.
Just look no further than the most recent Ryder-themed WWE YouTube video, which was uploaded a week ago and is titled “Zack Ryder is ready for new opportunities on Raw.”
SALT LAKE CITY (AP) — The mother of Utah man imprisoned in Venezuela for nearly 1½ years is circulating a new audio recording of her son talking about how he's suffering without medical care.
Laurie Holt said Monday that she's sharing the recording Joshua Holt sent by cellphone so people can hear how dire the situation is. She's calling on Venezuela to release him on humanitarian grounds.
In the short recording, he talks about throwing up all night, feeling dizzy and struggling to think.
The 25-year-old traveled to Venezuela in June 2016 to marry a woman. The couple was arrested at her family's Caracas apartment by police who alleged Holt was stockpiling weapons.
Their families say they're innocent.
Joshua Holt has a hearing scheduled Tuesday in Caracas, but most of his previous hearings have been canceled.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The U.S. Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives could reconsider the lawfulness of "bump stock" devices like the ones used by the Las Vegas gunman only if Congress amends existing gun laws or passes new legislation banning the accessories that allow semi-automatic rifles to mimic machine guns.
The agency, in describing its processes generally on Friday, indicated that Congress, already preparing for next year's mid-term elections, will be responsible for decisions about regulating or banning the devices. The National Rifle Association and some lawmakers had been encouraging the firearms agency to re-examine its judgment in 2010 that the devices were legal and not regulated under U.S. firearms laws. Such a move could have removed some of the political liabilities involved with asking lawmakers to impose new gun controls.
But neither the design of the bump stock nor gun laws have changed since ATF issued its original finding, making it legally problematic and politically untenable for the agency to reverse course.
And it was not immediately clear whether President Donald Trump or Attorney General Jeff Sessions, who oversees the firearms agency, could order it to re-evaluate its 2010 judgment about bump stock devices.
The accessories fit over the stock and grip of a semi-automatic rifle and allow the weapon to fire continuously, some 400 to 800 rounds in a single minute. Bump stocks were found among the gunman's weapons and explain why victims in Las Vegas heard what sounded like automatic-weapons fire as the shooter rained bullets from a casino high-rise, slaughtering 58 people in a concert below and wounding hundreds more.
Sudden endorsements of controls came almost simultaneously from the NRA and the White House.
The NRA, which famously opposes virtually any hint of new restrictions called on ATF "to immediately review whether these devices comply with federal law. The NRA believes that devices designed to allow semi-automatic rifles to function like fully automatic rifles should be subject to additional regulations."
Moments after, at the White House, press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders praised the announcement. House Speaker Paul Ryan added his support, as have other top Republicans.
But even with the unusual concession, it is extremely rare that the ATF would reconsider its previous evaluations unless federal law changes. That could be seen as an admission that its earlier evaluation was legally flawed.
The ATF provides the guidance when a manufacturer asks the agency to evaluate a firearm or accessory to determine if it can be sold or if its sale is restricted by either the Gun Control Act or the National Firearms Act.
Changes to existing law or new laws can prompt the agency to reclassify an item, as can alterations to the device or weapon.
The ATF stressed that its classification is specific to each item submitted. And it is based on the most current laws on the books at the time, as well as on a physical examination of the item.
The nation's largest gun lobby and most Republicans have stood firmly in recent years against stricter gun regulations, even as one mass shooting after another horrified the nation. Even gunfire that left House Majority Whip Steve Scalise near death at a baseball practice earlier this year didn't change the equation.
But this time, the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history, combined with the opportunity to back a limited change that could potentially be accomplished administratively, spurred a shift.
The device, which retails for around $200, is not known among gun dealers as an item that is hugely popular. It causes the gun to buck back and forth, repeatedly "bumping" the trigger against the shooter's finger. Technically, that means the finger is pulling the trigger for each round fired, keeping the weapon a legal semi-automatic. Because it creates a significant rocking motion it also means that the gun is "spraying" bullets and it's difficult to hit a target.
___
Associated Press writers Lisa Marie Pane in Atlanta and Sadie Gurman in Washington contributed to this report.
A Navenby dance group has handed over £1,200 to LIVES First Responders - money which was raised at their dance events in 2017.
Husband and wife team Colin and Karen Brewer, who are professional dance teachers, teach dancing throughout Lincolnshire and hold social dances each week with their group called Dancing with KCB. At each social dance they undertake fundraising for a different charity each year.
In 2017 they selected LIVES as their charity and were ‘thrilled' to have raised £1,200.
The funds were presented to Emma Tancred from LIVES by Karen and Colin Brewer at their afternoon tea dance on January 22.
The group is holding several Saturday Night Social dances in Navenbythis year - with the next dance set for February 10 at The Venue in Grantham Road, Navenby, from 7.30-10.30pm.
Entry is £4 per person including refreshments and there will be a charity raffle for the LIVES charity. For more details call 01522 804046.
PHILADELPHIA (AP) — Joel Embiid and Ben Simmons shined again in front of rapper Meek Mill, and the dominant duo ushered the nightmares-into-dreams Process of the Philadelphia 76ers into the second round with a 104-91 win over the Miami Heat on Tuesday night.
The 76ers, winners of 10 games just two seasons ago, are in the second round of the Eastern Conference playoffs for the first time since 2012.
They await the winner of Milwaukee-Boston. The Celtics lead the series 3-2.
The Sixers won the series 4-1 and turned the Wells Fargo Center into the wildest house party in the city. Embiid had 19 points and 12 rebounds, Simmons had 14 points and 10 boards, and the entire team had rappers, politicians, actors and kids dancing along for the ride.
Mill made a dramatic return hours after Pennsylvania's highest court ordered him freed while he appeals decade-old gun and drug convictions.
He was taken from prison by helicopter to Philadelphia, where he rang the ceremonial bell at the start of Game 5.
BEIRUT (AP) — Smoothly and confidently, Syrian President Bashar Assad merged into traffic at a large roundabout in Damascus before driving himself to the suburbs where his forces are battling rebels.
The traffic around him and pedestrians making their way across the busy Umayyad Square gave no indication of knowing who was behind the wheel of the Honda sedan.
His low-profile trip was captured in videos filmed inside the car and released by his office late Sunday and early Monday. They show the president calm and assured as his forces appear close to clinch one of their most significant victories in the civil war.
Syrian troops are on the verge of retaking eastern Ghouta, the last major rebel bastion on the outskirts of the capital, where residents took to the streets against the Assad family's decades-long rule in the early days of the 2011 uprising.
As he drove, Assad, wearing sunglasses, narrated his route to the camera and gave his thoughts on the battle he was going to visit. He said the images of civilians streaming out of eastern Ghouta through a corridor manned by Syrian authorities showed that his government was still popular.
A white pickup seen in several of the videos appeared to be his only escort.
Before the war, Assad was known for driving in Damascus and Aleppo, Syria's largest city, and dining out with his wife. He has maintained a steady, sophisticated propaganda machine on social media throughout the war.
Half of Aleppo now lies in ruins after his forces, with unsparing support from Russia and Iran, destroyed the eastern part of the city to drive out rebels in 2016. Thousands of civilians fled with them and have not been able to return.
The scenario is repeating itself in eastern Ghouta, where government forces are waging a fierce air and ground campaign against a collection of suburbs that have resisted returning to government rule through seven years of war.
Close to 1,500 civilians have been killed in a month of heavy shelling and airstrikes. The government now controls 80 percent of the area held by the opposition in February.
Tens of thousands of civilians have crossed over to government-held areas as the army has advanced in recent days. It is unclear where the government will house them. The fate of thousands of men wanted for military conscription and held on suspicion of desertion or fighting for the enemy remains unknown.
"The painful thing, despite the pride and happiness of this visit, is to see people who have been forced out of their homes and to live rough, because of the war and the terrorists," said Assad as he entered eastern Ghouta. Outside the window, the landscape turned steadily to wreckage and ruin.
YOU JUST SAW:
Pope Francis waves from his pope-mobile as he is driven through the crowd ahead of his weekly general audience, in St. Peter's Square, at the Vatican, Wednesday, Oct. 4, 2017. (L'Osservatore Romano/Pool Photo via AP)
TOKYO (AP) — Asian shares skidded Tuesday following Wall Street's biggest loss in more than four months.
KEEPING SCORE: Japan's Nikkei 225 index lost 1.4 percent to 23,286.05 and Hong Kong's Hang Seng dropped 0.8 percent to 32,693.43. South Korea's Kospi sank 1.0 percent to 2,569.94. The Shanghai Composite index fell 0.7 percent to 3,497.00 and Australia's S&P ASX 200 gave up 0.9 percent to 6,020.20. Shares were lower in Taiwan, Singapore and Indonesia.
WALL STREET: The sell-off was led by technology stocks, the biggest gainers in 2017, which accounted for much of the slide. Energy companies also fell as crude oil prices finished lower. Utilities and other rate-sensitive sectors declined as bond yields hit their highest level in almost four years. The Standard & Poor's 500 index fell 0.7 percent to 2,853.53 and the Dow Jones industrial average also dropped 0.7 percent, to 26,439.48. The Nasdaq composite lost 0.5 percent, to 7,466.51. The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks gave up 0.6 percent to 1,598.11. Losers outnumbered gainers almost five-to-one on the New York Stock Exchange.
TRUMP: Also on investors' radar: Tuesday night's State of the Union address by President Donald Trump, and a two-day meeting of the Federal Reserve's policymaking committee that wraps up Wednesday. "This is one of the few prepared speeches that the president will give, so the progress on NAFTA and trade with China is something the market is going to watch carefully," said Mike Baele, senior portfolio manager at U.S. Bank Private Wealth Management.
JAPAN: Data for December released Tuesday showed the jobless rate rising to a still low 2.8 percent and retail sales coming in stronger than expected. But household spending and willingness to spend fell, underscoring the need for wage increases during the annual spring labor negotiations that are underway.
ANALYST'S VIEWPOINT: "Asian markets are set to see further pullback in the day, caught in the crosswind of the overnight action. In particular, the performance of Apple Inc.'s regional supply chain is expected to come into focus as reports of a production reduction to the company's leading iPhone X floated to the market," Jingyi Pan of IG said in a commentary.
ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude fell 52 cents to $65.04 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. It lost 58 cents, or about 1 percent, to settle at $65.56 a barrel on Monday. Brent crude, used to price international oils, dropped 38 cents to $68.82 a barrel. It fell $1.06, or 1.5 percent, to close at $69.46 per barrel on Monday.
CURRENCIES: The dollar, which fell sharply last week, declined to 108.76 yen from 108.96 yen late Monday. The euro fell to $1.2376 from $1.2383.
BITCOIN: The price of bitcoin fell 1.3 percent Monday to$11,018.88, according to the tracking site CoinDesk. Bitcoin futures on the Cboe Futures Exchange fell 2.5 percent to $10,920.
At the center of Charlottesville's violent white nationalist rally was a long-simmering controversy over the removal of a statue of Confederate General Robert E. Lee.
Controversies over Confederate symbols have been brewing around the country — most notably in South Carolina, where the Confederate flag was lowered from the state house grounds two years ago, and New Orleans, where statues came down earlier this year.
But in Charlottesville, the movement to remove a Lee statue and the backlash that followed have become particularly intense thanks to an ongoing court battle and questions over whether the city council has the authority to remove it.
Now, the planned removal of the statue became a rallying cause for the alt-right — and symbol of growing discontent.
One hundred years ago, in 1917, the 26-foot-high statue was commissioned by a philanthropist and given to the city along with the surrounding land in honor of his parents. The statue took seven years and three sculptors (the first one died) to complete. According to the city of Charlottesville's website, the statue was unveiled in 1924 by 100 cadets from the Virginia Military Institute who "paraded through the center of Charlottesville decorated with Confederate colors." The new statue was also reportedly greeted with loud cheers and a speech by then-president of "the University of Virginia Edwin Alderman and followed by parties and balls.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1997. The registration form from the Department of the Interior states that the sculpture "remains undisturbed in its original location. Charlottesville will undoubtedly keep it there, for the monument is a unique to the most eminent Confederate hero of all and an outstanding example of the outdoor sculpture of the late City Beautiful movement."
It is now doubtful — though still possible — that Charlottesville will "keep it there." In February, the city council voted 3-2 to sell the statue, ignoring the recommendation of a commission that suggested moving it.
A group called Virginia's Sons of Confederate Veterans sued the city, alleging it did not have the right to remove the statute since it was a war memorial. A related group, and others, filed a lawsuit in New Orleans to block the removal of a Gen. Lee statue as well as one of Jefferson Davis. A federal appeals court said that city could remove its Confederate monuments.
City Councilor Bob Fenwick, who cast a tie-breaking vote in Charlottesville in April (that vote allowed the city to sell the statue), hoped the city council's action would put to bed more than a year of heated debate in his city. "For now, it is now time for our city to rest," he said, according to the Richmond Times-Dispatch.
But that didn't happen. The movement against removal of the statue grew — there is a Facebook group to Save the Robert E. Lee Statue and call for donations to "fund litigation to preserve our monuments." The backlash to the planned removal culminated in a white nationalist rally last weekend, which used the planned removal as a rallying cause. It is important to note, however, that the group behind hte lawsuit, SVC, condemned the Charlottesville rallies. Chaplain-in-chief Ray Parker wrote on Facebook over the weekend: "I condemn in the strongest possible way the actions, words, and beliefs of the KKK and other white supremacist groups."
The statue has also been tagged with graffiti several times in the past few years, including with "black lives matter" and "native land."
In May, a judge granted a temporary injunction, which meant the statue could not be removed for next six months. So, for now, the statue is still standing in what used to be Lee Park. Only the city council also voted earlier this year to rename the park, an action that was upheld by a judge. Gen. Lee now, rather ironically, sits in Emancipation Park.
BERLIN (AP) — An emergency official says a small plane has crashed at an airfield in eastern Austria, killing two people aboard.
Lower Austria province fire service spokesman Franz Resperger told the Austria Press Agency that the aircraft came down nose-first Wednesday morning in a field next to the runway at the Voeslau-Kottingbrunn airfield, south of Vienna. The two men were trapped in the badly damaged cockpit.
There was no immediate word on the cause of the crash.
ATHENS, Greece (AP) — The European Union's financial affairs chief is in Greece for talks on the bailout-dependent country's slow-moving negotiations with its international creditors.
Pierre Moscovici met Greek Finance Minister Euclid Tsakalotos Wednesday, and was due to hold talks later with Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras.
Tsipras' left-led government was hoping by next week to conclude dragging negotiations on spending cuts and reforms demanded by Greece's European creditors and the International Monetary Fund.
An agreement would allow the country to join the European Central Bank's bond-buying program, and ease its way to tapping bond markets again later this year.
But Athens refuses to introduce new austerity measures, and next week's meeting of eurozone finance ministers is not expected to provide a full breakthrough in the talks.
Greece has depended on international bailouts since 2010.
By Robyn Collins
Ed Sheeran will bring his unique brand of music to Austin City Limits to kick off the show's 43rd season on PBS, on Oct. 7.
Related: Ed Sheeran's Girlfriend Cherry Inspired ‘Perfect'
Today Sheeran shared the performance of his hit single “Shape of You” from the program.
The Pretenders, Zac Brown Band, Angel Olsen and Benjamin Booker, Miranda Lambert and Norah Jones are also slated to take the ACL stage in this season.
Check out “Shape of You” below.
The first one deserved a sequel, which Cleveland won in the biggest comeback in NBA Finals history to even things up with Golden State.
Then with Kevin Durant joining Stephen Curry on one side and LeBron James leading the other, the Warriors and Cavaliers sent interest soaring as they rampaged toward the tiebreaker last season.
But the rubber match was a mismatch, and the Warriors are expected to win just as easily this time.
So as Round 4 of the record-setting rivalry begins Thursday night, has Warriors-Cavaliers become too much of a good thing?
"I don't think so," Golden State guard Klay Thompson said. "I think the rest of the NBA has got to get better. It's not our fault. I'm sure if you asked the fans of the Warriors and the Cavs around the world, whether it's in the Bay Area or in Cleveland, I'm sure they're happy with their team performance. The only people I hear saying that are fans from other teams, which is natural. I don't blame them. But as long as our fan base is happy, that's all that matters."
It's the first time in NBA, NFL, MLB or NHL history that the same teams are meeting four straight times in the championship round, and intrigue in the teams hasn't waned yet. The NBA had its most-watched conference finals since 2012, as both teams had to rally from 3-2 deficits to win Game 7s on the road.
But if this series quickly becomes as lopsided as some fear — ABC analyst Jeff Van Gundy said he couldn't remember a bigger gap between finals teams and said any game the Cavs win is a huge upset — many of those people who have tuned in the last few years might be looking for something else to watch by the time the series switches to Cleveland.
"If James and the Cavaliers win Game 1, you know, the interest is going to skyrocket because they are going to have done what very few — except for them maybe — think they can do, which is won at Golden State," Van Gundy said. "If they get blown out both games, it doesn't matter what we say. People aren't going to be as excited."
The players won't apologize for showing up again, or worry that it hurts the NBA.
"I mean, it may not be as suspenseful as a lot of people want it to be or as drama-filled," Durant said, "but that's what you've got movies and music for."
Some things to watch when the series begins at Oracle Arena:
BE LIKE MIKE
If the Warriors win, it would be their sixth NBA championship and tie them for third on the all-time list with the Chicago Bulls, who won all theirs with Michael Jordan. Then it would be a long way to go from there to catch Boston (18) or the Lakers (17).
MOVING ON UP
James could vault into second place on the NBA Finals' career lists for points and assists. He has 1,247 points and needs 71 to pass Kareem Abdul-Jabbar (1,317) and move behind only Jerry West (1,679). His 339 assists are 61 behind Bob Cousy (400). Magic Johnson had 584.
SCORING STARS
While matching up on the court, James and Durant could flip-flop on the career postseason scoring list. James currently has a slight edge, with his 28.83 points per game placing him fourth and slightly ahead of Durant, who has averaged 28.75. Durant has been even better in the NBA Finals, with his 32.9 points per game ranking last year's finals MVP behind only Rick Barry (36.3) and Jordan (33.6) among players who have appeared in at least 10 games.
DOING IT WITH DEFENSE
The much-maligned Cavaliers' defense has shown up in the postseason, where Cleveland is allowing just 99.9 points per game, second among the 16 teams. The Cavs held Boston under 100 points in four of the final five games of the East finals. More impressively, Golden State kept high-scoring Houston under 100 in five straight games and is right behind Cleveland at 100.3 in the playoffs.
NEW-LOOK LOGO
Viewers will notice something new on the court during the series. The familiar NBA Finals logo has been replaced and the floor will now be marked with one that reads "The Finals presented by YouTube TV."
___
Follow Brian Mahoney on Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/Briancmahoney
___
More AP NBA: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
STOCKHOLM (AP) — Britain's Prince William has praised Sweden's embrace of the great outdoors, in particular the physical and mental benefits of outdoor exercise for children.
Speaking Wednesday at the end of a two-day visit to Sweden, William said that "one lesson that we will take home with us, is that children are actively encouraged to spend time outdoors, whatever the weather."
During the visit, William and the Duchess of Cambridge sought to meet Swedes from all walks of life. At a medical institute, they discussed with academics Sweden's approach to managing mental health challenges, a subject the royals have campaigned about.
William and Kate, both 35, will begin a two-day visit to Norway on Thursday.
15:05 Reported News Briefs Tevet 4, 5777 , 02/01/17 Tevet 4, 5777 , 02/01/17 Imprisoned soldier's mother: Train commanders to be responsible Read more
Mother of imprisoned IDF soldier Elor Azariya criticizes army for new regulations, says commanders need to be trained in responsibility. ► ◄ Last Briefs
Germany says it doesn't believe Bashar Assad can continue as Syria's leader under a future peace agreement.
Foreign Ministry spokesman Martin Schaefer says that Assad's forces capturing eastern Aleppo and other parts of northern Syria "strengthens the regime" and its hand in political negotiations.
But Schaefer told reporters in Berlin on Monday that Germany's assessment that "Assad can't play a permanent role in a peaceful future for Syria" hasn't changed now that his forces are blamed for 300,000 deaths in the six-year war.
Schaefer said opposition groups wouldn't accept any deal to form a transitional government unless Assad's powers were sharply curtailed.
Germany is involved in diplomatic efforts to forge a peace agreement in Syria and has contributed significant funds toward humanitarian relief for those affected by the conflict.
New York (AP) — Cotton No. 2 Futures on the IntercontinentalExchange (ICE) Monday:
(50,000 lbs.; cents per lb.)
At a moment when borders and surveillance have become sharply divisive issues at home and abroad, all Americans should object to one of the great federal security failures playing out every day. The Transportation Security Administration's behavior detection program, designed to catch terrorists by looking out for telltale words and actions, just doesn't work. And we know because of the TSA's own hidden assessment of the effort.
For years, the TSA has turned in an exceptionally poor performance. (In 2007, its failure rate on screenings hit 75 percent.) In an all-too-characteristic act of government non-transparency, the TSA itself did its level best to obscure the embarrassing details about the misbegotten project — although, in 2013, the GAO dismissed it as ineffective too. The ACLU had to file suit against the agency two years ago after the bureaucrats stonewalled its Freedom of Information Act request. Successfully prying reams of documents out of Washington's hands, the ACLU revealed that expert studies collected by the TSA contradict the basic premise of the behavior detection program.
Naturally, officials vow it's been worth it to pump over a billion dollars into an undertaking that includes plainclothes officers monitoring people who seem “off” because stopping terrorism requires a variety of different approaches. But the execution doesn't measure up to the concept. Allegations and anecdotes of racial and ethnic profiling have multiplied, but a lack of records has made investigation impossible. And those who don't belong to singled-out minority groups have their own reasons to disapprove of weakly accountable secret snoopers with no track record of stopping attacks.
There's got to be a better way. Americans have largely lost patience with wasteful and invasive ineptitude from inside the Beltway, no matter how well-intentioned or initially reasonable on paper. If the TSA doesn't want Congress to consider shuttering the behavior detection program, it had better find a way to make its operations more transparent, more cost-effective and more in tune with Americans' basic expectations around civil liberties and political accountability. Otherwise, the whole agency could find itself on the chopping block.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
The girlfriend of the gunman who killed 58 people in Las Vegas over the weekend says she was not aware that he was planning violence of any kind – instead fearing that a trip to the Philippines he sent her on was a way to break up with her.
Marilou Danley released a statement having returned from her trip and spending much of the day being questioned by FBI agents in Los Angeles – with authorities searching for any clues that might point to a motive behind the mass shooting by Stephen Paddock.
Authorities had previously labelled Ms Danley, 62, a “person of interest”. The statement, read by her lawyer, indicated that she plans on fully co-operating with the FBI.
“I knew Stephen as a kind, caring, quiet man,” the statement read. “I loved him and hoped for a quiet future together. He never said anything to me, or took any action that I was aware of that I understood in any way to be a warning that something horrible like this was going to happen.”
“It never occurred to me in any way whatsoever that he was planning violence against anyone,” the statement added.
“I am devastated by the deaths and injuries that have occurred and my prayers go out to the victims and their families and all those who have been hurt by these awful events,” Ms Danley's statement said.
Ms Danley returned to the US voluntarily – and has not been arrested – after what she said was a trip that Paddock, 64, had paid for. He had sent her to the Philippines to spend time with her family.
The statement indicated that Paddock had purchased Ms Danley a ticket roughly two weeks ago, and had urged her to go visit her family. He then wired her $100,000 and told her to buy a home for her and her family. She indicated in the statement that she was grateful for the money and excited to spend time with family and friends back home, but that she was worried that the money and plane flight were his way of breaking up with her.
“It never occurred to me in any way whatsoever that he was planning violence against anyone.”
Las Vegas shooter's girlfriend, Marilou Danley pic.twitter.com/3QgwMFLsaF — Chris Boyette (@Chris__Boyette) October 4, 2017
Marilou Danley's lawyer reads statement on her behalf claiming Paddock told her he'd found her a cheap ticket to Philippines 2 weeks ago. pic.twitter.com/OSTLwNNMSf — World News Tonight (@ABCWorldNews) October 4, 2017
Ms Danley flew into Los Angeles from the Philippines, her home country, on Tuesday night and was met by FBI agents who took her out of a side exit to avoid waiting television crews.
Ms Danley was captured on footage broadcast by NBC News, being swiftly pushed on a wheelchair, using her left hand to keep a baseball cap pressed down on her head. A lawyer representing her told US media she was being treated as a witness.
As police and investigative agents scramble for clues to explain what led Paddock to check into a 32nd-floor suite in the Mandalay Bay hotel overlooking a country music festival, killing 58 people and injuring 489, they are increasingly hopeful his girlfriend of several years could help fill in some blanks.
The fact Ms Danley has suggested she knows little of his motive may come as a blow, but investigators will likely be trying to gain as much information about her interactions with Paddock and their daily life.
In an evening press conference, Sheriff Lombardo called Paddock “disturbed and dangerous” as he provided further detail on the investigation. Paddock had fired continually for 10 minutes – injuring 489 people, a total reduced from the previous update of more than 500. Mr Lombardo said that 317 of those injured had been released from hospital.
Sheriff Lombardo said Paddock rented a room in downtown Las Vegas around the same time as an alternative music festival – Life is Beautiful – held between 22 and 24 September. Paddock rented a room through Airbnb at the Ogden hotel in downtown Las Vegas but Mr Lombardo said he did not know why. He said investigators have recovered items and video from the hotel.
For years Paddock had quietly stockpiled an arsenal of high-powered weapons while pursuing a passion for high-stakes gambling at Nevada casinos, where his game of choice was video poker, a relatively solitary pursuit with no dealer and no humans to play against.
Paddock had gathered 47 guns since 1982 and bought 33 of them, mostly rifles, over the past year alone, right up until three days before the attack, said Jill Snyder, an agent with the federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives.
“He was a private guy. That's why you can't find out anything about him,” his brother, Eric Paddock, said from his home in Florida. As for what triggered the massacre, the brother said: “Something happened that drove him into the pit of hell.”
Also, casino regulators are looking closely at Paddock's gambling habits and checking their records to see whether he had any disputes with casinos or fellow patrons. In addition, investigators are examining a dozen financial reports filed in recent weeks when he bought more than $10,000 in casino chips.
It was in a casino where Paddock met his girlfriend, who was a high-limit hostess for Club Paradise at the Atlantis Casino Resort Spa in Reno, Eric Paddock told The Washington Post. “They were adorable – big man, tiny woman. He loved her. He doted on her,” he said.
Employees at a Starbucks in Mesquite, where the couple lived told the Los Angeles Times that Paddock often berated Ms Danley in public. The Starbucks is the only one in town and is inside the Virgin River Casino.
“It happened a lot,” Esperanza Mendoza, supervisor of the Starbucks, told the Times. He would verbally abuse her when Ms Danley asked to use his casino card to buy food or other things inside the casino, Mr Esperanza said.
“He would glare down at her and say – with a mean attitude – ‘You don't need my casino card for this. I'm paying for your drink, just like I'm paying for you.”
FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe, speaking at a cybersecurity forum in Boston yesterday, said investigators were “reconstructing the life, the behaviour, the pattern of activity of [Paddock] and anyone and everyone who may have crossed his path in the days and the weeks leading up to this horrific event”.
“This individual and this attack didn't leave the sort of immediately accessible thumbprints that you find on some mass casualty attacks,” he said. Paddock had no known criminal history. Public records contained no indication of any financial problems
It is known that Ms Danley was in Asia on Sunday night when the attack happened, having arrived in the Philippines on 15 September. According to immigration documents, she left on 22 September then returned three days later on a flight from Hong Kong. She holds Australian citizenship and was travelling on an Australian passport.
Philippines immigration bureau spokeswoman Antonette Mangrobang said authorities there had been working with US officials.
“From the very beginning, we have been providing them necessary information that would aid their investigation,” she said.
Ms Danley's sisters believe Paddock sent her away so she would not interfere with his plans.
Australia's Channel 7 TV network interviewed the sisters with their faces obscured and their names withheld. They said they believe their sister could not have known about his ideas. They said Ms Danley was a “good person” who would have sought to stop him doing anything so staggering.
Speaking from her home on Australia's Gold Coast, one of the women said: “I know that she don't know anything as well, like us. She was sent away. She was sent away so that she will be not there to interfere with what he's planning.”
She added: “In that sense, I thank him for sparing my sister's life.”
It is known that Paddock travelled at least twice to the Philippines, where his girlfriend was born, according to a Filipino official.
The official said Paddock visited the Philippines in 2013 and 2014, around his birthday, staying for five to six days on both occasions. There were no immediate details available about those trips, according to the official.
Mr Lombardo said on Tuesday that the investigation was proceeding cautiously in case criminal charges were warranted against someone else.
“This investigation is not ended with the demise of Mr Paddock,” he said. “Did this person get radicalised unbeknownst to us? [If so]...we want to identify that source.”
Cora Lee Wilson, age 77, of Clinton, passed away August 11, 2017 at her home. She was born November 7, 1939 in Anderson County, Tennessee to Joe and Elizabeth Moore. Cora Lee was a dedicated member of South Clinton Baptist Church. She lived her life by the words of Proverbs 3:6” Seek God's will in all you do, and He will show you the path to take” and 1 Peter 1:3 “According to His great mercy, He has given us a new birth into a living hope through the resurrection of Jesus Christ”. She loved spending time with her family, and she along with her husband, Clifford, were Owners and Operators of Wilson's Wrought Iron Steel Company, in South Clinton for 45 years. She was a loving wife, mother, grandmother, and friend.
In addition to her parents, Cora Lee is preceded in death by five brothers, one sister, a grandson and special aunt that helped raise her, Cora Massengale. She is survived by her husband of 59 years, Clifford Talmage Wilson; two sisters, Mary Cate and husband Cecil and JoAnn Hill and husband Jack; three daughters, Sandy Stooksbury and husband Doug, Vicki Wilson-Smith, and Tammy Daniel and husband David; six grandchildren and three great-grandchildren.
The family will receive friends at Holley-Gamble Funeral Home in Clinton on Sunday, August 13, 2017 from 6-8 pm with funeral services to follow at 8 pm with Pastor Roger Pugh officiating. Family and friends will meet Monday, August 14, 2017 at 10:45 am at Woodhaven Memorial Gardens for a graveside service at 11 am. Cora Lee requested in lieu of flowers, to please make donations to the Kitchen Fund at South Clinton Baptist Church, located at 1000 Clinch Avenue, Clinton, TN 37716. Holley-Gamble Funeral Home is honored to serve the family of Cora Lee Wilson. www.holleygamble.com
Peter Moskowitz reveals why gentrification is about much more than just fancy coffee shops. Donate to order this gift now!
Essays on the very real dangers of antisemitism and the false accusations used to defend Israel, with a foreword by Judith Butler. Donate to order this gift now!
Jude Law and Dame Helen Mirren have also thanked the organisers for their nominations.
Sally Hawkins has said she is humbled by the “beautiful gift” of a Golden Globe nomination for best actress.
The Shape Of Water star could win her second such award after being named on the shortlist at the announcement ceremony in Los Angeles on Monday.
“What a beautiful gift,” she said in a statement. “I am so very humbled by this acknowledgement. Every piece of this film was and is a gift for me.”
View photos Dame Helen Mirren was nominated for The Leisure Seeker (Jonathan Brady/PA) More
Working with director Guillermo Del Toro and his team, she said, was one of the “most extraordinary heart expanding experiences”, adding: “I believe in magic and this is a magical thing.”
Hawkins, 41, from London, plays a mute cleaner who falls for an amphibian experiment in the Cold War-era fairy tale, which was also nominated for best drama film.
Unlike the Oscars, the Globes has separate best acting categories for comedies and dramas.
Hawkins's latest nomination falls in the drama category, while her 2009 victory for her role in Mike Leigh's Happy-Go-Lucky met the comedy criteria.
View photos Jude Law was nominated for his role in The Young Pope (Gareth Fuller/PA) More
Others to react to their nominations were The Crown's Claire Foy, The Young Pope's Jude Law and Dame Helen Mirren, who was nominated for The Leisure Seeker.
Foy, nominated for best actress in a drama series, thanked organisers and praised the “extraordinary” cast and crew on the series, which will be her last in the role as the Queen.
Dame Helen said she was “honoured” and thanked “the work of the two men in my life of this film”, director Paolo Virzi and co-star Donald Sutherland.
Law, nominated for best actor in a limited series, said he was pleased his work with “wonderful” director Paolo Sorrentino has been recognised.
Director Martin McDonagh said he was “thrilled” to hear his film Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri netted six nominations, including one for best drama.
The Londoner also thanked “good friends” Frances McDormand and Sam Rockwell, who star in the film.
Transcript for Record number of young contestants competing in national spelling bee
Finally tonight he is the national spelling bee, aow do you spell America strong 9 spellers, a record number. Ay that again? The91st scrips national spelling bee in national harbor, Maryland. Ages 8 to 15 and the pure is enormous. Ah, I'd say it was fine but then I'dlying. Orter: And there was ho How a? Pretty good. How about We'll see in a minute. Hello. Reporter: Noticed 12-year-old ahman from iois. . Correct. Reporter: It turns out Elling runs the mily. "World news tonight" meetings father in 1985, when dad won it alhisonay did not survive all the rounds, but he says, he'll B back. And then, E was Liam. S first speeding bee, and when he his -- Ble you. Reporter: It made us H, toand he got it T. Correct. Bless you, he said. The final rounds tomorro we love it. I hope T see tomorro
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
But while the bill awaits Gov. Bill Haslam's signature, its stated goal of halting emissions testing on cars and trucks won't happen overnight.
In fact, it could take three or more years to develop alternatives to the testing program, used to lower air pollution, and also take them to federal regulators and win approval there, according to a Tennessee Department of Environment and Conservation official.
Final say-so will have to come from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, which calls the shots on federal Clean Air Act requirements and the steps needed to cut air pollution levels and ensure continued compliance with air quality standards.
“The bill ends the inspection and maintenance [emissions testing] program in Tennessee if EPA approves,” said Kim Schofinski, a spokeswoman with TDEC, in an email response to Times Free Press inquiries.
She noted TDEC still continues to work on submitting another plan to EPA, based on a 2016 law passed by state lawmakers that sought to exempt new vehicles from the emissions testing.
“TDEC will broaden the scope of its current analysis regarding the impact of legislation enacted by the General Assembly previously to exempt three years or newer motor vehicles on air quality,” Schofinski said. “We anticipate that this analysis should take six months to a year. The steps to be taken after that will be determined by the results of the analysis.”
The “total process to obtain EPA approval could take three years or more depending on many variables, including the speed of federal action,” Schofinski added. “Substitute measures will need to be taken if the analysis demonstrates that the elimination of emissions testing will interfere with air quality.”
Two Hamilton County lawmakers who are leading the charge to end vehicle emissions testing said they remain confident DEC and local officials will be able to develop less intrusive alternatives to vehicle testing if that step becomes necessary.
Sen. Bo Watson, R-Hixson, and Rep. Mike Carter, R-Ooltewah, said they believe Hamilton, Davidson, Rutherford, Sumner, Williamson and Wilson counties can follow paths blazed by Shelby County to get out of its emissions testing program. Knox County avoided it entirely by restricting truck speeds in a broad area.
Still, Watson said, “I don't want to mislead the public. You know, it doesn't happen immediately. There are some contractual things that have to be worked out. I mean, 2019 would be the first time it could actually be repealed or eliminated.”
Moreover, Watson added, “full disclosure and transparency: That's contingent on TDEC working with locals working with EPA to come up with a replacement program. So that's why I've said this is a repeal and replace [bill]. We're repealing [testing], but we got to be able to replace it with something. We've understood that all along.”
Watson and Carter filed the bill this year after TDEC officials announced last summer that all of Tennessee's 95 counties are now fully compliant, or in EPA jargon in “100 percent attainment,” on federal ambient air quality requirements for ozone and particulate matter.
Hamilton, Davidson, Rutherford, Sumner, Williamson and Wilson counties all have EPA-approved vehicle emissions testing programs they have used to lower emissions as the state sought to meet federal Clean Air Act provisions mandating safer air quality.
Hamilton County officials initiated the testing program in 2005 to ensure pollution wouldn't be a problem as the community sought to develop the county's Enterprise South industrial park and lure a major manufacturer to the site. In 2007, Volkswagen located its lone U.S. auto assembly plant there.
Local officials, as well as TDEC Commissioner Bob Martineau, raised concerns about the bill initially.
“I think they are to the point they understand we have to look at some other options to replace it,” Watson said. “And obviously, we're going to ask them to look at options that are the least intrusive, the least objectionable that we can find.”
He noted “we've done a great job in Hamilton County, obviously, in cleaning up our environment. And no one wants to change that.”
It's not immediately clear what impact the Tennessee Valley Authority's move to shut down three of its coal-fired power generating plants in Tennessee and Alabama since 2005 will have. The plants were major polluters.
Watson said that of all the issues he's dealt with since being elected in the early 2000s, “I would argue that I get more emails and phone calls and letters about this issue than anything. And it's usually from people saying, ‘I can't get my car to pass and I don't have $600 to fix it.'”
“Our argument is this kind of hurts people who can least afford it,” he added.
Seniors and others have complained to the Times Free Press that addressing a check-engine light issue, an automatic failure in the programs, can cost hundreds of dollars, sometimes more. And many dislike testing center lines, as well as the $9 fee.
Hamilton County Clerk Bill Knowles' office issues license tags for vehicles that the state said must pass emissions tests before a tag can buy or renewed.
On the office's website, Knowles has posted a notice in response to many inquiries he's gotten about the legislation.
“Emission testing remains in effect prior to titling or renewing a vehicle registration until repeal is approved by the United States Environment Protection Agency,” the notice said. “When approval is granted Hamilton County government will be notified. Updates will be posted as they become available.”
Knowles said in an interview his office is required under state law to ensure vehicle owners have the required proof of passing emissions testing before issuing tags.
Over the years, Knowles said, he's heard heartbreaking stories from people who “tell me they can't afford to fix their vehicle.” While sympathetic, he said, “I have nothing to do with it. It's an air pollution program.”
He said he posted the website caution to visitors who are calling to see if they still need to have their vehicles tested now.
The initiative co-sponsored by members of the Wilson County legislative delegation, state Rep. Susan Lynn, R-Mt. Juliet, and state Rep. Clark Boyd, R-Lebanon, requiring counties to take all necessary steps to end mandatory vehicle emissions testing in Tennessee passed in the House chamber last week.
The bill was approved by a 96-0 vote tally by House members and would apply to residents of Wilson County where emissions testing is still required prior to vehicle registration or renewal.
The 1990 Federal Clean Air Act required the state to develop more restrictive regulations to control air pollution from mobile sources in counties, which were not meeting the Federal Standards for air quality.
Currently, testing is done on vehicles with a model year of 1975 and newer if they are powered by a gasoline or diesel engine and weigh up to 10,500 pounds. More than 1.5 million vehicles went through emissions testing in Tennessee last year in the six counties where it is required.
“Vehicle emissions testing is a process that creates avoidable stress and financial burdens for our working families,” said Lynn. “House Bill 1782 moves Tennessee away from mandatory vehicle emissions testing which benefits our citizens and doesn't create any harmful environmental side effects.”
The idea for House Bill 1782 came following a report from the Tennessee Department of Environment & Conservation released in August that showed all 95 Tennessee counties met federal air quality health standards.
“Vehicle testing is not only time consuming but seems to disproportionally affect people who can least afford to make repairs to their cars.” said Boyd. “The people of Wilson County have been loud and clear in their support of this legislation to end emissions testing. I have heard them and am proud to be a sponsor of this legislation.”
The bill would require the state to end a state testing contract for Hamilton, Rutherford, Sumner, Williamson and Wilson counties in 2019 unless the EPA has not acted.
Davidson County has its own contract, which expires in 2021, Watson recalled.
The bill would do away with the $9 testing fee, most of which now goes to the state to pay for the five-county emissions testing contract. But in order to avoid getting slapped with an expenses analysis that might have made the bill harder to pass, it includes a provision allowing county commissions vote to keep a $4 fee on title and tag issuance. Of that, $3 would go into the county's general fund and $1 to county clerks.
Lebanon Democrat editor Jared Felkins contributed to this report.
Two Dallas Police officers have been shot and critically wounded, the Dallas Police Department wrote on Twitter.
The shooting occurred at a Home Depot in North Dallas, according to the ATF, which is responding to the scene.
BREAKING: ATF is responding to the scene of a officer involved shooting at Home Depot in North Dallas, Texas. pic.twitter.com/inpxJQkncd — ATF HQ (@ATFHQ) April 24, 2018
A civilian was also shot, and his or her condition is unknown at this time, police said.
ABC News
The shooting suspect may be in custody, according a U.S. Marshal on the scene. Police were actively searching for the shooting suspect in a nearby wooded area.
We can confirm that two @DallasPD officers have been shot and critically wounded. We will provide updates as we get them. Please pray for our officers and their families. — Dallas Police Dept (@DallasPD) April 24, 2018
The police department asked for prayers for the officers and their families.
WFAA
WFAA
Further details were not immediately available.
In 2016, five Dallas law enforcement officers were shot and killed and seven more injured after they were ambushed by 25-year-old former Army reservist Micah Xavier Johnson. Johnson later died in a standoff with police.
Former Dallas Police Chief and ABC News contributor David Brown said the most recent shooting on two police officers is "too much to bear for one department in such a short time frame."
This is a breaking news story. Please check back for updates.
The Israel Electric Company announced on Monday afternoon that it will refrain from disconnecting its residential customers with debts during Hanukkah.
CEO Ofer Bloch said that "the company will make sure that everyone has light" during the Feast of Lights.
LOS ANGELES – The Dodgers set their roster for the NL Division Series Friday morning. It includes 12 pitchers (including more than one struggling reliever) but no baserunning specialist.
After promoting him for the final series of the regular season, the Dodgers opted against including Tim Locastro on the playoff roster just to pinch-run. Kyle Farmer was included as a third catcher, freeing up Austin Barnes or Yasmani Grandal to pinch hit.
Among the eight relievers included for the series against the Arizona Diamondbacks are Pedro Baez and Ross Stripling. Stripling pitched more relief innings than any Dodgers pitcher this season but he had a 6.08 ERA over his final 13 appearances.
Baez, meanwhile, made more appearances than any other Dodgers reliever this season – often to the displeasure of Dodgers fans who focused on him as their least favorite pitcher. Baez finished with a 2.95 ERA and 64 strikeouts in 64 innings but allowed nine runs on nine hits and seven walks over his final 8 1/3 innings this season.
“I'm definitely confident that he's worked out his issues,” Dodgers manager Dave Roberts said earlier this week. “It was, I don't know, three weeks of tough sledding for Pedro. But I think his last four outings, I think he had four scoreless outings in a row and threw the ball well.
“I think if you look at the entire body of work and the last couple weeks or 10 days he's thrown the baseball really well and had a great year.”
The full roster for the NLDS which begins tonight at Dodger Stadium:
PITCHERS (12)
LH Clayton Kershaw, RH Yu Darvish, LH Rich Hill, LH Alex Wood, RH Kenley Jansen, RH Brandon Morrow, RH Josh Fields, RH Pedro Baez, RH Ross Stripling, RH Kenta Maeda, LH Tony Watson, LH Tony Cingrani
CATCHERS (3)
Yasmani Grandal, Austin Barnes, Kyle Farmer
INFIELDERS (5)
Cody Bellinger, Chase Utley, Logan Forsythe, Justin Turner, Corey Seager
OUTFIELDERS (5)
Andre Ethier, Kike' Hernandez, Curtis Granderson, Chris Taylor, Yasiel Puig
The Diamondbacks also announced their roster Friday morning:
PITCHERS (11)
RH Zack Greinke, RH Fernando Rodney, RH Archie Bradley, RH Taijuan Walker, LH Robbie Ray, LH Andrew Chafin, LH Jorge De La Rosa, LH Patrick Corbin, RH Zack Godley, RH David Hernandez, RH Jimmie Sherfy
CATCHERS (2)
Chris Iannetta, Jeff Mathis
INFIELDERS (8)
Daniel Descalso, Jake Lamb, Paul Goldschmidt, Ketel Marte, Brandon Drury, Christian Walker, Kristopher Negron, Adam Rosales
OUTFIELDERS (4)
Gregor Blanco, J.D. Martinez, A.J. Pollock, David Peralta
Two-time WWE Hall of Famer Ric Flair has been placed in a medically induced coma while he awaits surgery, a WWE representative confirmed to ESPN on Monday afternoon.
Flair was hospitalized and admitted to an intensive care unit over the weekend. After initially downplaying the seriousness of the issue, a representative for Flair has made a plea for public support.
Melinda Morris Zanoni, the CEO of Legacy Talent and Entertainment, tweeted out the latest on Flair's situation late Sunday night.
As first reported by Pro Wrestling Sheet, Flair was hospitalized on Saturday morning for heart-related issues, with Zanoni initially reporting the situation involved "routine monitoring." PW Insider's Mike Johnson reported that Flair is hospitalized near his home in Atlanta.
Flair, 68, has spent the past five decades in the world of professional wrestling with a reputation as one of the most charismatic personalities in the history of that business. His popularity and personality have transcended into the world of professional sports on many occasions, with athletes recreating some of his most famous wrestling promos and Flair himself often called on to serve as a motivational speaker.
The head of a Spanish aid group said Monday he fears that human trafficking charges may be brought against his staff after they refused to hand over rescued migrants to the Libyan coast guard during a tense high-seas standoff and then took them to Italy.
Proactiva Open Arms founder and director Oscar Camps told reporters in Barcelona, Spain, that Italy has impounded his organization's rescue boat Open Arms and he is worried the ship might not be returned.
"This is no joke," Camps said. His organization is based in Barcelona.
The case comes amid strong reluctance in Italy to take in any more migrants who is a human traffickers launch in unseaworthy boats from Libya and other North African shores. International efforts have been increasingly aimed at stemming the migrant flow across the Mediterranean.
The rescue vessel was sequestered by Italy on Sunday in the Sicilian port of Pozzallo, a day after it docked and the rescued migrants came ashore.
Italian authorities say they are investigating the rescue group for suspected criminal association and aiding illegal immigration.
Proactiva said the investigation stems from the group's refusal Thursday to hand over to Libya's coast guard 218 migrants it had just saved in international waters 70 nautical miles from the Libyan coast.
Camps said as the Libyan coast guard approached, some migrants panicked and began screaming and jumped from their boat into the sea. The Libyan coast guard was "very aggressive" toward the Open Arms crew, Camps said, adding that his organization had "a legal duty" to save the migrants in the sea.
Anabel Montes, speaking by videoconference from the impounded Open Arms vessel in Italy, said the armed Libyan coast guard issued death threats to the aid workers.
"We had never reached such an extreme situation like this one in which they were threatening us, saying that they were going to kill us," she said.
She and the Open Arms' captain are under investigation by the Italian prosecutors. A third person, who hasn't been identified, is also being investigated.
The aid group spent three hours negotiating with the Libyans, Camps said. In the meantime, a vessel sent by Maltese authorities evacuated a critically ill 3-month-old baby and its mother.
Camps said the crew contacted the Spanish and Italian navies but got no help from them.
On Friday evening, the Italian coast guard said it gave the Spanish boat permission to dock in Pozzallo, given the poor condition of the migrants and the worsening weather at sea.
Of the vessel's 19 crew members, three are remaining in Italy to testify and the rest are heading back to Spain, Camps said.
Trying to stem the flow of migrants toward its shores, Italy has supplied Libya with patrol boats and training. Critics say the plan enriches the unreliable Libyan coast guard and sends vulnerable migrants back into slave-like conditions in Libya.
Italy, whose efforts have been backed by the European Union, says it is working with U.N. authorities to ensure humane conditions in Libya for the migrants, many of whom are kept as virtual prisoners, and who cite inadequate food, unsanitary living conditions, sexual assault, beatings and other forms of torture while awaiting the chance to be smuggled out by boat.
In Brussels, EU Commission spokeswoman Natasha Bertaud told reporters: "We welcome the fact that the boat was able to be unloaded on Friday and that the migrants aboard received the treatment that they needed."
"We are entirely aware that an Italian code of conduct exists aimed exactly at avoiding this kind of situation, and we call on all parties in the future to respect not just international law but also this Italian code of conduct," she said.
Italy last year demanded that NGOs which operate rescue vessels sign on a code of conduct, but some humanitarian organizations declined to do so. Among their objections was a provision that would allow armed police on board rescue vessels.
A few others, including Proactiva Open Arms, did sign on and continued to operate migrant rescue missions at sea.
Some aid groups had decided to suspend Mediterranean rescue missions because of what they described as an increase in hostility from the Italian-backed Libyan coast guard, including incidents in which the Libyans fired upon rescue boats.
The Italian government is coming under increasing public pressure at home to solve the migrant crisis, especially since EU partners have refused to take any significant number of migrants off Italy's hands.
In Italy's parliamentary election this month, the biggest voter-getters were political forces that railed against the government's handling of the migrant crisis, including the populist 5-Star Movement, which campaigned by saying Italy should not remain "the refugee camp of Europe."
———
Hatton reported from Lisbon. Lorne Cook contributed from Brussels.
CHICAGO (AP) — A 19-year-old man has been charged in the shooting death of an 11-year-old Chicago girl.
Chicago police said Wednesday that Antwan C. Jones faces a first-degree murder charge in the killing of Takiya Holmes. She was shot in the head over the weekend and died Tuesday.
Takiya was among at least three children shot in Chicago in recent days.
Police say a Chicago toddler was shot and killed Tuesday in what they suspect was a gang hit on a man who was with her. And authorities said Tuesday that a 12-year-old girl remained in critical condition Monday after she was shot this past weekend.
Jones doesn't have a listed number to pursue comment.
Separately, police said a 25-year-old man was shot dead early Wednesday while driving on Lake Shore Drive, a major thoroughfare in the city.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
DOBSON — They are the connection between the public and emergency service officials, the lifeline to getting people help when they need it most and quickly — they are telecommunicators.
The week of April 9-15 was National Public Safety Telecommunicators Week, recognizing and raising awareness of dispatchers on the other end of the radio who get help for the public, dispatch emergency officials and ensure emergency officials are safe and have the support needed to do their job.
“Our dispatch center is 24/7 for everybody in Surry County, minus Elkin police and fire departments, and (the) Mount Airy Police Department. We do dispatch Elkin Fire Department for first response, or if their system goes down,” said Stephanie Conner, director of the Surry County 911 Communications Center housed in Dobson.
The center also handles calls for service for 19 fire departments; Surry EMS's seven ambulances, three quick-response vehicles and two basic life support units; Dobson Police Department; Surry County Sheriff's Office; after-hours calls for Pilot Mountain Police Department; and assists Surry Community College's campus police.
But the county's telecommunicators are the primary receivers of all calls in Surry County, and then forward calls along to other dispatchers in Elkin, Mount Airy or Pilot Mountain depending on the need of the caller, Conner explained.
Making sure the public and emergency crews are serviced are 13 full-time and nine part-time telecommunicators as well as two in-house information technology staff members, Conner and her assistant director, Nick Brown. Those telecommunicators work on rotating schedules in 12-hour shifts, with three telecommunicators working at a time from 6 a.m. to 6 p.m. or 6 p.m. to 6 a.m., and a fourth dispatching from 11 a.m. to 11 p.m. during peak call hours.
Conner said the goal with the rotating schedule, which provides a few days off between each stretch of shifts, is to allow time for dispatchers “to de-stress.”
“It is stressful, you are taking 911 calls back-to-back for 12 hours,” said Conner, who has been with Surry County's center for 17 years. “It is very stressful, but a very rewarding job.”
While answering multiple incoming lines and juggling the information coming in with relaying the information to responders en route to calls for service is a key role for dispatchers, their duties go far beyond that.
“Every medical call we do instructions for, from CPR to rescue breathing, child birth, bleeding control, even EPI pen administration,” Conner said, noting that there is a national push to reclassify telecommunicator jobs from clerical personnel to public safety communications officers. “Every year at our banquet we honor saves. If we get pulses back and the crew is able to leave with pulses, then we get a save in-house. Then EMS follows through with the patient after that.
“We are the first first-responders,” said Conner.
The majority of the time, Surry's telecommunicators operate from the center located off Rockford Road in Dobson, but when there is a large incident, Conner said they do have the capability of setting up at the scene to help ease call traffic in the center.
“In the room, calls go from routine where they just need to talk to an officer, to my baby's not breathing, to my son's shot himself, to UFO sightings,” she said of the wide range of phone calls. “We get a lot of pocket dials, and we are required to call every 911 hang-up back, to make every attempt to make sure they are OK. That takes a lot of man hours.”
Just like emergency officials are required to do, telecommunicators have many hours of training to keep up with prior to starting the job and throughout their time on the job. Conner said training includes a 24-hour class on the Division of Criminal Information (DCI) terminal; 24-hour class on Emergency Medical Dispatch (EMD) system and a recertification on EMD every two years; 40 hours for emergency telecommunicator certification; 24- to 36 hours of continuing education annually; and four-hour CPR course each year.
“We do a lot of online training and courses, and others that are relevant to us. We've done some active shooter training,” she said.
Once hired, a two-week training period includes policies, procedures, getting to know county offices and leaders, and going through various scenarios which might be handled on a call. Then additional training could take anywhere from eight weeks to six months, depending on how quickly a person gets the handle on dispatching duties.
“There is a huge shortage across the state, because it is a difficult skill set to have, and beyond that, they have to have the heart to do it,” said Conner. “I'm so proud of my guys, because they do have the heart. You leave mentally exhausted.”
Just as other jobs continue to evolve with the ever-growing technology world, so are the roles of telecommunicators. Conner said already cell phone calls can be pin-pointed to a caller's specific GPS location, updating as it moves. For Sprint and T-Mobile customers, the center also can receive text-to-911 service calls.
While it is getting less frequent with the availability of texting, the 911 center can receive TDD and TTY calls on a special machine which is used by people with restricted hearing and those who are deaf.
“911 is changing and evolving. We have a new phone system that should be live in May,” said Conner, adding that the next generation of 911 will likely incorporate things going into the online cloud and coming back to dispatchers.
She said leaders in the 911 industry expect videos to be incorporated into calls, so that callers can send those along to dispatchers, meaning that invisible barrier a telecommunicator has being able to only hear a call will be lifted and they will be able to also have eyes on the call.
“We could get a gory scene to an active something happening like someone trying to save themselves, to pocket hang-ups. It will be a big change for how we receive and take things,” she said of what may be coming in the future. “It's not next week or next month, it isn't around the corner, but it's on the horizon.”
During 2016, Surry County Communications Center had 172,663 calls that were 911 and administrative calls; 197,536 computer-aided dispatch (CAD) calls; and 552,592 radio transmissions between EMS, fire and sheriff, Conner reported.
“It's like a constant juggle,” she said of taking in numerous calls while dispatching out for assistance. “We have really experienced telecommunicators. It really takes that to keep up with all the call volume.”
Telecommunicators are continuously monitoring numerous radio channels such as the main sheriff channel, main EMS, three secondary EMS, fire's F4, Mount Airy Fire and Elkin Fire.
Telecommunicators from area counties also work together. They transfer calls back and forth, especially when a call comes in near a county line that may have hit a tower outside the county the caller is in, and a new plan for Surry County has it working with dispatchers in Stokes County as a back up for each other in case one center goes down.
“This week is to thank them and recognize them for the job they do. We bought pizza and doughnuts for the shifts, and Salem Baptist Church brought us a huge basket of treats.”
Conner also had tips for people to remember when the need comes for then to dial 911. “If they call 911, remember we're here to help. We will ask first where you are and we'll send something. We'll ask a lot of questions, but they are all for good to make sure responders are informed,” she said. “Our job is to keep you calm.”
Wendy Byerly Wood may be reached at 336-258-4035 or on Twitter @wendywoodeditor.
Geni Dowd, telecommunicator for Surry County 911 Center, works at her console dispatching for the Surry County Sheriff's Office, Surry County EMS and area fire departments. http://mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_telecommunicator.jpg Geni Dowd, telecommunicator for Surry County 911 Center, works at her console dispatching for the Surry County Sheriff's Office, Surry County EMS and area fire departments. Wendy Byerly Wood | The Tribune
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
By Annie Reuter
Jennifer Lopez and her beau Alex Rodriguez spent some time in the Hamptons this weekend for the charity fundraiser, Apollo in the Hamptons, which raised money for the iconic Apollo Theatre in New York City.
Related: J-Lo and A-Rod Find ‘LOVE' in NYC
On hand was Justin Timberlake who performed a few songs for the A-listers in attendance including Alicia Keys, Jon Bon Jovi, Jamie Foxx, Matt Lauer, Howard Stern, Priyanka Chopra, Chris Rock, Christie Brinkley, Robert Downey Jr., among others.
Timberlake performed a duet with Pharrell Williams and also sang solo for his hits including “SexyBack,” “Rock Your Body,” and “My Love,” reports Entertainment Tonight.
A-Rod posed with Timberlake and Lopez in a photo and praised the event. “Great time raising money for the Apollo Theatre in #NYC. JT killed it!,” he captioned a photo on Instagram.
J-Lo and A-Rod have been spending a lot of time together in New York. The couple shared a recent “Sunday Funday” while posing with some of the city's iconic artwork, including the famous LOVE sculpture by Robert Indiana.
Great time raising money for the Apollo Theatre in #NYC. JT killed it! #Hamptons (📸: @kevinmazur) A post shared by Alex Rodriguez (@arod) on Aug 13, 2017 at 5:49pm PDT
The Latest on a suicide attack outside a restaurant in Somalia's capital (all times local):
———
10:40 p.m.
Police are reporting a hostage situation inside a restaurant in Somalia's capital as gunmen are holed up inside and security forces try to secure the scene.
Capt. Mohamed Hussein says a burst of gunfire has been heard inside the Pizza House restaurant, where dozens of people are reported to be held.
The attack Wednesday night began with a suicide car bombing at the gate of the restaurant. Police say at least four people have been killed and several wounded.
The Somalia-based extremist group al-Shabab has claimed responsibility.
———
9:45 p.m.
Police say at least four people were killed and several others wounded in a suicide car bomb blast that targeted a popular restaurant in Somalia's capital.
Capt. Mohamed Hussein says most of the victims were young men who were entering the Pizza House at the time. The car exploded at the restaurant's gate.
The Somalia-based extremist group al-Shabab often targets high-profile areas in Mogadishu.
———
9:05 p.m.
Police say there is confusion whether gunmen are inside a restaurant in Somalia's capital after a suicide car bomb detonated at its gate.
Capt. Mohamed Hussein at first said gunmen were fighting their way inside the restaurant and that a hostage situation was underway.
Hussein now says it's possible the attack ended with the car bombing outside the Pizza House restaurant. The restaurant is just meters away from another establishment popular with the city's elite.
The Somalia-based extremist group al-Shabab often targets high-profile areas in Mogadishu.
———
8:45 p.m.
Police say a suicide bomber has detonated an explosives-laden vehicle at the gate of a popular restaurant in Somalia's capital.
Capt. Mohamed Hussein says a hostage situation is under way at the Pizza House restaurant.
Hussein has no immediate information about any casualties.
The Somalia-based extremist group al-Shabab often targets high-profile areas of Mogadishu, including hotels, military checkpoints and areas near the presidential palace. It has vowed to step up attacks after the recently elected government launched a new military offensive against it.
PARIS (AP) — France's presidential race this year is upending every political assumption that has governed the country for decades.
And now Emmanuel Macron, a 39-year-old former economy minister who is running an independent, centrist campaign, has a real chance to become France's next president in the country's two-round April-May vote.
Among the startling events: an incumbent president is not running. His prime minister did not win the Socialist primary. The far right is surging. The conservative front-runner who vowed to slash government spending has seen his chances plummet after giving his wife and children well-paid jobs for years.
Jealous rivals call Macron a guru with no substance. Macron, who plans to present a budget for the five-year presidential term next week and a platform later, mostly promises the French a better future — and that may be enough.
"Some people think we are a sect. Welcome," Macron joked in front of hundreds of supporters at the Bobino theater in Paris.
Recent polls show Macron could be among the two top contenders to emerge from the April 23 ballot and advance to the presidential runoff on May 7, where he would be in a good position to win against his expected opponent, Marine Le Pen of the far-right National Front.
A former investment banker with impressive academic credentials, Macron is young, outspoken and sometimes theatrical. He speaks fluent English and is very familiar with social media. Macron backs free-market, pro-European policies and litters his speeches with references to mythology, philosophy or literature.
Macron became Socialist President Francois Hollande's economic adviser in 2012 and two years later, his economy minister. Last year he launched his own centrist political movement En Marche ("In Motion").
Conservative rival Francois Fillon and far-right politician Florian Philippot of the National Front recently compared Macron to a "guru."
Fillon, the former favorite, has seen his popularity sink following revelations about well-paid — and possibly fake — political jobs that he gave his wife, son and daughter. Fillon admits the practice was legal at the time but is "unacceptable" now. Prosecutors are investigating.
Fillon has criticized Macron's "political adventure without a program" but Macron told the Journal du Dimanche that politics are "mystical."
"It's an error to think the program is at the core of a campaign," he said.
Macron has proposed to cut taxes for businesses, wants to reduce by half the number of pupils per class in poor neighborhoods. He traveled to Algeria, a former French colony, this week to boost his international stature. He has also visited the United States, Germany and Lebanon in the last few months and will hold a rally in London next week.
In a video on Twitter, Macron urged researchers, entrepreneurs and engineers working on climate change in the U.S. to leave for France.
"You are welcome ... we like innovation, we want innovative people!" he said in English, in a bid to capitalize on U.S. President Donald Trump's doubts about global warming.
Macron has also laughed at rumors about his sexuality. He said having a gay affair while also being married would come as news to his wife, Brigitte.
"Since she shares my life from morning to night, her only question is how, physically, I would manage," he joked at the Bobino theater.
Brigitte Macron-Trogneux, who was his secondary school theater teacher, is 24 years older than her husband. While French politicians traditionally keep their private lives private, she acts more like an American political spouse, attending her husband's rallies and public events. The couple appears hand-in-hand on the front page of celebrity magazine Paris Match for the fourth time.
"You'll be hearing the worst things about me. It's unpleasant, it's discourteous and sometimes it's hurtful," Macron told his supporters. "I am who I am. I've never had something to hide."
The polling institute Ifop says Macron tends to be popular among educated people from the upper and middle-class — and unpopular in the working class.
This illustrates the dividing line between the winners and the losers of globalization, wrote Jerome Fourquet of Ifop.
"By designating each other as their main rival, Marine Le Pen and Emmanuel Macron pursue a common interest: substitute the traditional confrontation between the left and the right by this new division," Fourquet wrote.
Macron calls the divide "progressives against conservatives" while Le Pen "the pro-globalization against the patriots," he said.
Political scientist Thomas Guenole says Macron's rising popularity has been aided by the media. Last year, the proportion of articles about him in French newspapers was oversized compared to his relatively low profile, Guenole told The Associated Press.
"Nobody can detail his program ... yet people have sympathy for him," he said, adding that what he called Macron's "doped" popularity is likely to lead to real results in the presidential election.
The government's proposed pot packaging rules don't give cannabis companies enough freedom to market their products, handicapping them against black-market competition, one business professor says.
Big tobacco, meanwhile, is crying foul over the draft guidelines, saying marijuana producers are being given more leeway than their cigarette-making counterparts.
With recreational marijuana to be legalized on Oct. 17, critics are taking aim at Health Canada's initial guidelines for packaging and branding marijuana. The rules require cannabis companies to use plain packaging, similar to cigarettes, that displays a health warning on a bright yellow background.
The packages may display just one branding element – it can't be larger than the government warning – along with the product's name. The child-resistant packages must be opaque or translucent and use a single, uniform colour with a standardized font style.
“They're making the packaging overly restrictive and that will have the side effect of making it harder for the legal product to compete with the illegal stuff,” said professor Michael Armstrong of the Goodman School of Business at Brock University.
Putting cannabis in plain packaging sends the signal to consumers that they're paying for an inferior product, said Armstrong, who teaches a course on quality.
“We as consumers partly judge products by their appearance,” he said. “If we see a plain label, we think that's kind of a low-end product.”
A spokesperson for Canada's largest tobacco company says there's a huge discrepancy between what's being proposed for cannabis packaging and the rules for cigarette makers.
“We're upset on a number of fronts,” said Eric Gagnon, head of corporate and regulatory affairs at Imperial Tobacco Canada, a subsidiary of British American Tobacco.
Gagnon noted cannabis companies will be allowed to put a logo on packaging, choose the format and add colour – things cigarette makers aren't allowed.
Tobacco companies have blamed strict packaging rules, in part, for fueling the rise of contraband smokes.
“Like any other consumer good, if you remove the branding element and a way for consumers to differentiate between a legal and an illegal product, it's very easy to copy a legal product,” Gagnon said.
The rate of contraband cigarette use has steadily spiked across Ontario – more than one-third of all cigarettes are now bought illegally – with Southwestern Ontario singled out as having the highest year-over-year increase, according to research commissioned by the Ontario Convenience Stores Association (OSCA), an industry umbrella group.
“The government has said publicly they want to take marijuana out of the hands of criminal organizations, but they seem to be OK to give the tobacco industry to illegal traffickers,” Gagnon said.
Armstrong says the tight restrictions on marijuana packaging also limits the producers' ability to communicate information about their products with customers.
The labels will display quantitative information on things like THC content – the psychoactive compound in pot – but details about the drug's effects, aroma and how it was grown won't be allowed.
“That limits their ability to sell themselves,” Gagnon said.
Canada will become the first G7 country to sell recreational pot on Oct. 17, when it will be sold at LCBO-run stores and an affiliated online service in Ontario. Buyers at Ontario Cannabis Store locations, where all products will be kept out of sight, will have to show identification before they're allowed into a separate part of the store to order product.
dcarruthers@postmedia.com
twitter.com/DaleatLFPress
UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The United Nations on Monday condemned violent clashes between white nationalists and counter-protesters in the southern U.S. college town of Charlottesville in Virginia.
"We're against all racism and bigotry," U.N. spokesman Farhan Haq told reporters.
"We believe that there must be no place in our societies for the violent racism, anti-Semitism, xenophobia and discrimination that we've seen in Charlottesville, Virginia that we've seen in recent days," he said.
(Reporting by Michelle Nichols; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
AP Photo/Nasser Shiyoukhi
HEBRON, West Bank (AP) — For Palestinians, the new mayor of Hebron is a hero who they hope will improve their city. But to Israelis, the new leader of the divided West Bank city is an unrepentant murderer.
Weeks after the former PLO fighter took office, Tayseer Abu Sneineh is a contentious figure in the West Bank's most volatile city, showing no remorse for his role in an attack 37 years ago but saying he is now committed to pursuing a peace agreement with Israel.
He sports a short gray beard today, but as a 26-year-old math teacher he took part in an attack in Hebron on Israeli settlers returning home from Friday night Sabbath prayers on May 2, 1980. Six people were killed and 16 wounded.
Abu Sneineh was convicted as one of the gunmen and sentenced to life in prison. But he was released three years later in a prisoner swap between Israel and the Palestine Liberation Organization and deported to Algeria. He returned to the West Bank, along with other exiled PLO figures, after the Oslo interim peace agreement was signed in 1993.
Abu Sneineh says the attack, one of the deadliest on West Bank settlers, was justified.
“They all were armed settlers and soldiers, no women or children,” he recalled. “We attacked them with guns and hand grenades.”
“We wanted to send a message to the settlers that this is our city and they have to leave,” Abu Sneineh added.
Hebron is the West Bank's most populous city, holy to Muslims and Jews, where several hundred nationalist Israeli settlers live in fortified compounds in the midst of 170,000 Palestinian inhabitants.
Palestinians must frequently cross through military checkpoints to get around the area, and the close proximity of the two populations has turned the city into a flashpoint of violence. Hebron has been the epicenter of many of the Palestinian attacks targeting Israelis in the past year and a half.
The Palestinians seek the West Bank, captured by Israel in 1967, as the heartland of a future independent state and say the Jewish settlements there are illegal – a position that has wide international backing.
Israel says the presence of its settlers is justified by an ancient Jewish connection to Hebron going back to the days of the biblical patriarch Abraham.
Noam Arnon, a spokesman for the Jewish community of Hebron, called Abu Sneineh “a despicable and cowardly murderer” who killed civilians in their white Sabbath shirts.
“It was a terror attack of the type that took place recently in Paris and London,” Arnon charged. “The fact that he boasts about it proves what a despicable murderer he is.”
Abu Sneineh shrugged off criticism, saying that many Israeli officials served in the military and were involved in the deaths of numerous Palestinians in decades of fighting.
“They killed children, women, the elderly; they bombed schools, residential buildings and killed thousands of Palestinians since the establishment of the state of Israel,” he said.
Now 63, Abu Sneineh said he has put his life as a militant behind him and is focused on the tough reality of governing in a divided city.
Abu Sneineh lives in Hebron's Old City, an area under tight Israeli military control. Passing recently through an Israeli checkpoint on his way to the Ibrahimi Mosque, a site revered by Jews as the Tomb of the Patriarchs, he was cheered as a native son capable of solving the city's problems.
His priority these days, Abu Sneineh said, is to improve municipal services for Palestinian residents, including water, electricity and roads. Most of these services are controlled by Israeli authorities.
“We need to double the amount of water, and increase the electricity and expand the boundaries of the city and this needs Israel approval,” he said.
The new mayor's first challenge in office involved a burst sewage pipe in the Old City. He said it took a week of negotiating with Israeli authorities to obtain a permit for municipal workers to enter the area and fix the pipe.
On his way to the mosque, Abu Sneineh stood in line at a checkpoint with a dozen others waiting for an Israeli soldier behind bulletproof glass to open a revolving gate before they passed through a metal detector. Soldiers prevented an AP team from filming the checkpoint and threatened to arrest a photographer.
“We elected him because he is our son, the son of the old city, and he knows our suffering and we are confident he is going to solve our problems,” said Mohammed Jabir, a 64-year-old barber.
The Palestinians hope to one day establish an independent state that will also include east Jerusalem and the Gaza Strip – areas also captured by Israel in the 1967 Mideast war. That dream is far off after two decades of failed peace talks and the rival Hamas militant group controlling Gaza.
Abu Sneineh said he's committed to the peace accords with Israel, but warns that if they don't result in the establishment of a Palestinian state, “the Palestinians will have the right to return to armed struggle.”
He believes the only solution would be for the settlers to leave.
“They are occupiers,” Abu Sneineh said. “They occupy our homes by force. They killed many people in the city in cold blood, and one day they have to leave.”
Comments
comments
On April 18, 1591, Pope Gregory XIV issued a Papal Bull abolishing slavery in the Philippines and requiring reparations to be made to Philippine natives enslaved by Europeans. —Marielle Medina, Inquirer Research
ADVERTISEMENT
Bike-rental commuters and enthusiasts alike will now have a speedier option to choose from at San Francisco Ford GoBike stations.Today, Motivate , the company that operates the ubiquitous blue, Ford-branded bicycles, announced the addition of 250 new FordGo Bike Plus pedal-assist e-bikes, built to "power up hills and ride for longer distances," according to a spokesperson.The bikes can be unlocked via a Clipper card or the Ford GoBike app, and can be docked at any Ford GoBike station in San Francisco. According to the company, it will be the first bike rental system in North America to incorporate pedal-assist bikes into its fleet of traditional bicycles."We are thrilled to introduce this innovative new mobility option into the Ford GoBike fleet," said Jay Walder, CEO of Motivate in a statement."Riders of all ages and fitness levels can now boost their natural pedal power to summit the notorious San Francisco hills and more fully enjoy the benefits of bike share."To celebrate the launch, Motivate staff, including Walder, Vish Palekar, CEO of GenZe--whose company designed the custom-made, zero-emission bicycles--along with government and community partners involved in the project, hosted a group bike ride through Hayes Valley."We're thrilled to add GenZe ebikes to the Ford GoBike Program," said Palekar. "Now more people of all ages and fitness levels can bike as a reliable means of transport, and ride further, for longer--sweat and hassle free."Each e-bike features a 345 Wh Li-ion battery and boasts a maximum speed of 18mph. From an LCD display, riders are able to track speed and battery charge level, and the vehicles are permitted anywhere It's legal to operate traditional bicycles."Shared electric bikes can be the next step in San Francisco's mobility future, creating a gateway to get even more people on two wheels," said Ed Reiskin, the SFMTA's Director of Transportation. "As a convenient and safe way to get around town, shared electric bikes will make our hilly neighborhoods more accessible and longer bike rides less daunting for everyone."For a limited time, Ford GoBike is offering a special price of $2 per 30-minute single ride for interested parties to test out the new technology. Unlimited e-bike usage is included in an annual membership, which is $149 for the year and $10 for a 24-hour access pass. Qualifying Bike Share for All members can use the e-bikes at the discounted rate of $5 for their initial year for rides up to 60 minutes."These electric bikes will benefit not just San Francisco residents, but everyone who comes to the city for any purpose," said Jake Mackenzie, chair of the Metropolitan Transportation Commission (MTC), which oversees the Ford GoBike program in the Bay Area.
San Francisco has joined forces with the State of California in a lawsuit against the Trump administration where millions of dollars are at stake. The federal government says the city and the state must comply with a new set of conditions when it comes to immigration or risk losing millions in law enforcement grants.It's the first time a state and a city have come together against the Trump administration to stop the latest attack on their sanctuary statuses."We're intent on stopping anyone who will try to deny us the dollars that we have earned, the dollars that we have paid for to provide the resource to the men and women who wear the badge," said California Attorney General Xavier Becerra."Our police and deputies are focused on fighting crime not breaking up hardworking families," explained San Francisco City Attorney Dennis Herrera.Chicago filed a similar suit last week, arguing that the Trump administration's bid to withhold public safety grants from so-called sanctuary cities is illegal.Attorney General Jeff Sessions has said the Trump administration "will not simply give away grant dollars to city governments that proudly violate the rule of law and protect criminal aliens."
Sea level rise is typically thought of as a coastal problem, with cities from New York to San Francisco pondering new coastal defenses such as sea walls and sturdier buildings.
However, by making large swaths of the U.S. shoreline uninhabitable by the end of this century, sea level rise could reverberate far inland, too. In fact, every single U.S. state will be affected by climate change-induced sea level rise, a new study found.
SEE ALSO: This March was the second-warmest March in 137 years, because why stop now?
If the global average sea level rises by 1.8 meters, or nearly 6 feet, by 2100 — which is well within the mainstream projections from recent studies — 13.1 million Americans could migrate away from coastal areas during this time period, according to research published Monday in the journal Nature Climate Change.
View photos Miami under a 6-foot sea level rise scenario. More
Image: climate central
The biggest net population gain would be in Texas, which would see migrants from Louisiana, Virginia, and low-lying areas in the Lone Star State, the study found. In particular, the Austin and Round Rock area of Texas could see a net gain of as many as 820,000 people, depending on how well coastal areas adapt to sea level rise.
Orlando and Atlanta are also projected to receive more than 250,000 climate migrants through 2100. Phoenix and Las Vegas, both of which are already struggling to keep up with water and electricity demand, could also see an influx of people.
The biggest population-losing cities are not that surprising: New Orleans and Miami.
In Florida, the area from West Palm Beach south to Miami is projected to lose as many as 2.5 million people by 2100 due to sea level rise-related flooding, the study found. Some 2 million people could still flee the area even if climate change adaptation measures are undertaken, such as building sea walls, raising coastal roads to prevent them from flooding regularly, keeping salt water from entering water supplies, and other projects.
Nine states could see a net population loss, including Massachusetts, South Carolina, California, Virginia, New Jersey, Louisiana, and Florida.
The study, by Matt Hauer of the University of Georgia, claims to be the first to show how climate change may reshape where people live across the country. Most sea level rise studies focus on the risk to coastal residents, but this one goes significantly further by trying to determine the inland areas that may be placed under strain when climate migrants move in droves.
"We typically think about sea level rise as a coastal issue, but if people are forced to move because their houses become inundated, the migration could affect many landlocked communities as well," Hauer said in an email.
Hauer said he was surprised that many people are projected to move from coastal areas hit hard by sea level rise to other more resilient coastal regions — such as from one part of coastal California to another, at least according to the modeling he used for the study.
Globally, climate migrants from sea level rise alone could reach as many as 180 million, the study found. When including other climate change impacts, such as drought, more severe storms, and longer-lasting and hotter heat waves, entire regions of the world, such as the Middle East and North Africa, may be virtually uninhabitable as soon as the end of the current century.
Finland's president, 69-year-old Sauli Niinisto, has announced the birth of a son.
It's been a busy week for the Finnish head of state, who won re-election in a landslide victory Sunday and was sworn into office for a second six-year term Thursday before his second wife gave birth to a healthy boy on Friday evening.
The president's office said his spouse, Jenni Haukio, and the infant were doing well, adding that Niinisto was present during the delivery. The couple was married in 2009.
Niinisto's post on Facebook announcing the birth drew thousands of messages of congratulations in the first hour alone.
The president has two adult sons from his first marriage that ended in the 1990s when his wife died in a car accident.
MARVEL
Avengers: Infinity War is going to make a lot of money. That's a given, even with a rumored $300 million budget. But Marvel and Disney don't want “a lot of money,” they want all the money the way Thanos wants all the Infinity Stones, and based on early estimates, they're going to be satisfied come Monday. Early estimates have Infinity War tracking at $216 million-$235 million at the domestic box office and $256 million-$263 million internationally (it's opening in all the major markets, sans Russia and China) for a total of $472 million-$498 million.
Infinity War is showing some of the best domestic tracking scores ever, with unaided awareness (the non-frequent moviegoer indicator) at 59% beating all previous box office champs like The Force Awakens, The Last Jedi, etc. Ditto for first choice at 48% with definite interest at 72% only second to Avengers: Age of Ultron. (Via)
A few things stand out here:
1. A $216 million-$235 million opening weekends is just shy of the all-time record, which was set in 2015 by Star Wars: The Force Awakens ($247 million). It is, however, enough to surpass Black Panther, The Avengers, Jurassic World, and possibly The Last Jedi ($220 million) for second place. But as Deadline points out, “Some believe the movie has the power to get to $275 million.”
2. The domestic opening record is in play, but the worldwide opening estimate won't scrap the top-three. Let's assume Infinity War hits $498 million — that's still behind The Fate of the Furious (a ridiculous $541 million!), The Force Awakens, and Jurassic World. Anything above $483 million would have it finishing ahead of Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 2 for fourth place. (Remember: the last Marvel movie, Black Panther, exceeded its box office projections, so Infinity War coming after Fate isn't out of the question. Either way, Vin Diesel wins.)
3. With rare exceptions, nearly every movie mentioned in this article — Infinity War, The Force Awakens, The Last Jedi, Avengers: Age of Ultron, Black Panther, etc. — is a Disney property. I think they know what they're doing there.
(Via Deadline)
CHITTAGONG, Bangladesh (AP) — Bangladesh captain Mahmudullah won the toss and opted to bat first in the first of the two-test series against Sri Lanka on Wednesday.
Left arm spinner Sunzamul Islam will make his debut for the hosts to form a three-pronged spin attack with off-spinner Mehidy Hasan and left arm spinner Taijul Islam.
Mustafizur Rahman is the only pacer in the side.
With Angelo Mathews ruled out from the first test, Kusal Mendis is back to the Sri Lankan side after missing the last series against India.
Sri Lanka also went with three spinners with Rangana Herath returning.
Bangladesh: Tamim Iqbal, Imrul Kayes, Mominul Haque, Mushfiqur Rahim, Mahmudullah, Liton Das, Mosaddek Hossain Saikat, Taijul Islam, Mustafizur Rahman, Mehidy Hassan, Sunzamul Islam.
Sri Lanka: Dimuth Karunaratne, Dhananjaya de Silva, Kusal Mendis, Dinesh Chandimal, Niroshan Dickwella, Roshen Silva, Dilruwan Perera, Rangana Herath, Suranga Lakmal, Lakshan Sandakan, Lahiru Kumara.
Umpires: Rod Tucker, Australia, and, Marais Erasmus, South Africa.
TV Umpire: Joel Wilson, West Indies. Match Referee: David Boon, Australia.
On iOS there is a hidden feature that lets you print-to-PDF any email you want. It doesn't require a third-party app or another email client. You can do it inside Apple Mail with 3D Touch.
‘Print To PDF' An Email
To start, open Apple Mail on your iOS device. This works on iPhones and iPads.
Open the email you want to save. Tap the Reply button. A menu will pop up with three options: Reply, Forward, Print. Tap Print . You'll now see a screen where you can select a physical printer over Wi-Fi. But if you 3D Touch the email , it will “pop” into a PDF.
This works for single page emails and emails with multiple pages. It's a great way to save email receipts or important emails from VIPs.
Netflix, the big video on demand company, committed what amounts to a raid on the content stable of Disney. It has signed a multiyear production contract with Shonda Rhimes —creator of hit TV series such as "Grey's Anatomy" and "Scandal." With more than 50 original shows under its belt just this year, Netflix is doubling down on the old notion that content is king. However, creating shows costs a lot of money, and with $20 billion in debt already, how many more shows can Netflix bankroll?
Click the audio player above to hear the full story.
Getty Image
On the day after a van barrelled down a Toronto sidewalk at up to 70mph, killing several pedestrians along a main thoroughfare, the suspect has already had his first day in court. Alek Minassian, whose LinkedIn photo (seen below) has now gone viral, was formally charged with 10 counts of murder, along with 13 counts of attempted murder, which he allegedly carried out during Canada's deadliest mass killing in decades.
Reuters adds that Minassian did not raise his head during the hearing and only spoke to declare his name. Authorities are still digging for a motive, although it's been reported that Minassian appeared to be a fan of mass murderer Elliot Roger, who had left behind a mens-rights manifesto after killing several people in a 2014 vehicular and stabbing attack in California.
Minassian's appeared to be fully intentional, and CNN has the chilling transcript of his post-rampage verbal exchange with a police officer:
Officer: “Get down!”
Minassian: “Kill me!”
Officer:“No! Get down! Get down!”
Minassian: “I have a gun in my pocket!”
Officer:“I don't care, get down!”
Minassian: “Get down! Get down or get shot!”
Officer:“Shoot me in the head!”
The officer never fired any shots during his arrest of Minassian, and after video footage of the confrontation circulated, CTV reported that the officer's actions have been described by many as the “one shining moment” within the otherwise devastating day for Canadians.
(Via Reuters & CNN)
LOS ANGELES--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--Financial Profiles, a strategic communications firm, has hired Rich Davis as its Chief Operating Officer. Davis brings more than 20 years of experience in roles as Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer of high profile public relations agencies that he helped grow. Rich will join the firm on May 2, 2018 and will report to Moira Conlon, Founder and President of Financial Profiles.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006347/en/
Rich Davis, Chief Operating Officer at Financial Profiles, Inc. (Photo: Business Wire)
“We are delighted to welcome Rich,” said Moira Conlon. “This year marks the 10 th anniversary of our firm and it's the ideal time to expand our leadership team. Rich brings a wealth of experience and a unique combination of operational, strategic and financial expertise. We have a long history of working together and I know he will play a key role in helping Financial Profiles successfully navigate our next phase of growth and success.”
Most recently, Davis served in the roles of Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer of several of IPG's global public relations agencies including Rogers & Cowan and Frukt. Previously he was the Western Region Chief Financial Officer for Weber Shandwick, Daily Advertising, Film Fashion, Current and the Axis Agency.
“Financial Profiles has built an impressive business and I am excited to be joining the firm,” said Rich Davis. “I worked with Moira for many years when she oversaw Financial Relations Board's West Coast operations for IPG. I look forward to collaborating with the entire team at Financial Profiles to strengthen its operational foundation to continue to provide exceptional client service and to support the firm's continued growth.”
About Financial Profiles
Financial Profiles is a strategic communications firm that specializes in creating value through effective communication. Public companies, pre-IPO companies and asset management firms come to us for our expertise in value-based corporate positioning and messaging and for access to investors, analysts and the press. We offer a range of specialized services, including investor relations, IPO preparation, M&A communications, media relations, media training and crisis management. We have a well-demonstrated track record of leveraging best-in class communications to help our clients enhance their profiles and build credibility and support among all key stakeholders. www.finprofiles.com
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006347/en/
CONTACT: Financial Profiles
Tricia Ross, 310-622-8226
tross@finprofiles.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA CALIFORNIA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: PROFESSIONAL SERVICES CONSULTING COMMUNICATIONS ADVERTISING MARKETING PUBLIC RELATIONS/INVESTOR RELATIONS
SOURCE: Financial Profiles
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 02:01 PM/DISC: 04/24/2018 02:01 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006347/en
HUE, Vietnam (AP) — As a 19-year-old scout and spy for the communist forces in South Vietnam, Hoang Thi No remembers the determination and spirit of her 11-member team of young women who took part in the audacious Tet Offensive that turned the tide of the Vietnam War 50 years ago.
"If we didn't fight the enemy, they would destroy us all," she said. "We were young and weren't afraid. ... Once we had a strong ideology, we could do anything."
Her unit was known as the Perfume River Squad for the river that runs through Hue, Vietnam's cultural capital and third biggest city. Four of them died in the fighting that raged through the city for most of that February; two died later in the war.
They were part of a mobilization of as many as 80,000 fighters — regular soldiers from Communist North Vietnam, guerrillas of the National Liberation Front of South Vietnam, known as Viet Cong, and village militia — who launched virtually simultaneous surprise attacks on more than 100 cities, towns and U.S. military bases in South Vietnam the early morning hours of Jan. 31, 1968.
Official U.S. statistics for a month of fighting put the death toll at more than 58,000 enemy combatants, 3,995 American soldiers and 4,954 allied South Vietnamese troops plus 14,300 civilians.
"Psychologically, the war turned against the Americans at that point," said Alan Dawson, at the time a 26-year-old U.S. Army journalist in South Vietnam. "That attack in the Tet Offensive was really the moment that the final outcome of the war was decided to the communist advantage."
After an initial period of chaos, U.S. and South Vietnamese forces rallied to overwhelm the communist attackers, largely through the use of superior firepower.
Had the offensive been nipped in the bud everywhere, it might have been more clearly recognized as a major military defeat for the communists. But the tenacious Vietnamese guerrillas in Hue held out for about a month, helped by the work of the Perfume River Squad.
"Our duties were to enter the city to get information of movements and important locations of the enemy," No said. "We also mobilized local people to support the revolutionary forces by stocking up food and digging secret trenches and tunnels, getting ready for the fight. When the offensive started, we guided our major forces to various top important locations to fight the U.S Army in Hue city."
On Wednesday, No joined her comrades in Hue in marking the anniversary of the offensive with speeches and patriotic songs.
No suffers from a thyroid condition that doctors attribute to contact with Agent Orange, the herbicide that U.S. warplanes sprayed over large parts of Vietnam to try to deprive the communist forces of jungle cover.
The veterans, mostly in their 70s and 80s and some wearing their combat medals, looked happy just to get together, chatting in the hallways before the formalities, laughing as they shared wartime stories and posed for group photos taken with their smartphones. The hall where they were meeting was about a kilometer (half a mile) from Hue's famous Citadel, scene of the fiercest fighting, whose walls are still pockmarked with bullet holes among the moss.
Communist military planners of the Tet Offensive had hoped their attacks would incite a popular uprising to upset the balance in what had become a very costly and increasingly conventional war since the escalation of the U.S. military presence in 1965.
They also believed that a show of strength would weaken American political will, which they were well aware was wilting under pressure from anti-war sentiment back home.
Seeking to maximize psychological impact, they targeted high-profile targets in Saigon, the South Vietnamese capital now called Ho Chi Minh City. They included the Presidential Palace, Tan Son Nhut air base and most dramatically the U.S. Embassy, where sappers penetrated the outer perimeter but were shot down before they could get to the main building.
Dawson said the Americans and South Vietnamese knew an attack was coming, but didn't understand the scope of it. "The Viet Cong, for example, smuggled weapons into Saigon by the thousands; rifles, grenades, that kind of thing, including even in mock funerals they had, and they got the weapons in coffins into Saigon."
U.S. Marines spearheaded an allied effort to clear the communists in bitter house-to-house fighting in which neither side paid much heed to the safety of civilians. Dramatic footage of the harrowing fighting dominated U.S. television coverage, with devastating political effect. In March, embattled U.S. President Lyndon Johnson announced he would not run for another term and put limitations on bombing as a prelude to peace talks.
The fighting dragged on for seven more years, fueling U.S. street protests and convulsing American politics, before the North prevailed and the last Americans evacuated in 1975.
Galveston, TX (77553)
Today
Thunderstorms likely. Rainfall will be locally heavy at times. High 83F. Winds SSW at 10 to 20 mph. Chance of rain 100%. 2 to 3 inches of rain expected. Localized flooding is possible..
Tonight
A few clouds from time to time. A stray shower or thunderstorm is possible. Low 79F. Winds ESE at 10 to 15 mph.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Trump administration's drive to wean poor people from government benefits by making them work has been slowed by a federal judge framing a fundamental question: Are poverty programs meant to show tough love or to help the needy?
U.S. District Judge James E. Boasberg in Washington last week halted Kentucky's first-in-the-nation experiment with Medicaid work requirements, ruling that the Trump administration glossed over potential coverage losses. He sent the state's plan back to federal authorities for a harder look.
The debate goes well beyond Medicaid, the federal-state health program for low-income and disabled people.
This spring, President Donald Trump signed an executive order directing cabinet agencies to add or strengthen work requirements for programs including subsidized housing, food stamps and cash welfare. The government's biggest assistance program for low-income people — the Earned Income Tax Credit — is already designed to supplement earnings from work.
Boasberg found that "medical assistance" is by law a "central objective" of Medicaid. While work requirements might be allowable if that's what a state wants, "there may be limits to how much (coverage) loss is too much," he wrote.
Kentucky's Republican Gov. Matt Bevin wanted to impose work requirements on some 428,000 state residents who got Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act's expansion. Optional for states, the expansion passed under former President Barack Obama covers about 12 million people nationally, mainly adults.
Kentucky expanded Medicaid under a Democratic governor. Bevin argues that the cost is unsustainable for his state, even with Washington paying at least 90 percent of the bill, because many more people signed up than initially expected. The state estimated that work requirements would save money, reducing the Medicaid rolls by about 95,000 people over five years.
That number got the judge's attention.
Boasberg ruled that the federal Health and Human Services department didn't dig deeply enough into the potential coverage losses. The department "paid no attention to that deprivation," he wrote, and "this oversight is glaring," amounting to rubber-stamping the state's request.
Although state and federal officials contend that many people leaving Medicaid would find private coverage, Boasberg said there was no hard analysis, no "bottom-line estimate."
The ruling seemed to catch the Trump administration unprepared.
Seema Verma, head of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, called it "disappointing." The administration may appeal, or it may re-run its evaluation of the Kentucky plan to meet the judge's concerns. Medicaid work requirements in a few other states are unaffected.
However, the ruling may make it much harder to approve work requirements in states that have not expanded Medicaid. In such states, Medicaid recipients would face a high risk of losing health care because even paltry earnings could make them ineligible for continued coverage.
Verma said the administration won't be deterred from nudging the poor to go to work.
"We will continue to support innovative, state-driven policies that are designed to advance the objectives of the Medicaid program by improving health outcomes for thousands of low-income Americans," she said in a statement. Work improves health, the administration argues.
The nonpartisan Kaiser Family Foundation estimates that about 60 percent of adults with Medicaid are already working, and among those not working, most either have health problems, are taking care of home or family or are students.
Advocates for low-income people say they feel like a corner has been turned, even if the issue is far from settled.
"What's particularly significant is that the judge basically said you have to look at the purpose of Medicaid, which is to provide coverage," said Judy Solomon of the nonprofit Center on Budget and Policy Priorities. Work requirements "were outside the core objectives of the Medicaid program, and he basically said you can't ignore the core objectives."
Others point out that the judge stopped short of deciding the merits of the case, focusing instead on problems with the process that HHS followed in approving Kentucky's request.
Matt Salo, executive director of the nonpartisan National Association of Medicaid Directors, said work requirements may serve the purposes of Medicaid in some states, particularly if that helps convince conservative lawmakers to expand coverage to more uninsured people.
"There's a broader issue at play here about maintaining political support and the sustainability of the program," said Salo. "Does the inability to do a work requirement lead to a scenario where Kentucky is going to get rid of the entire expansion?"
So far that hasn't happened, but Bevin did cut Medicaid dental and vision coverage in response to the judge's ruling.
The case is Stewart vs. Azar.
WASHINGTON (CBSNewYork/AP) — President Donald Trump welcomed French President Emmanuel Macron to the White House Tuesday with a pomp-filled ceremony on the South Lawn.
Trump said the relationship he forged with Macron at the start of his presidency was a testament to the “enduring friendship that binds our two nations.”
“It is truly fitting that we are holding our first official state visit with the leader of America's oldest ally, the proud nation of France,” Trump said during the ceremony.
He thanked the French leader for his “steadfast partnership” in the recent missile strike in response to the chemical attack in Syria.
Macron told Trump that together the U.S. and France would defeat terrorism, curtail weapons of mass destruction in North Korea and Iran and act together on behalf of the planet, a reference to Macron's work to revive a U.S. role in the Paris climate accord.
“History is calling us. It is urging our people to find the fortitude that has guided us in the most difficult of times,” Macron said. “France and with it, Europe, and the United States have an appointment with history.”
The two leaders are spending the morning in meetings and then will hold a joint news conference.
The social highlight of Macron's visit, the first state visit of the Trump presidency, comes Tuesday night with a lavish state dinner at the White House.
About 150 guests are expected to dine on rack of lamb and nectarine tart and enjoy an after-dinner performance by the Washington National Opera.
Tuesday's meetings follow the collaboration by the U.S., France and Britain in missile strikes in Syria earlier this month to respond to the alleged chemical weapons attack. The U.S. has 2,000 troops in Syria assisting local Arab and Kurdish fighters against IS, though Trump has resisted a deeper U.S. involvement and is eager to withdraw completely from Syria.
Macron was also expected to lobby Trump to maintain the Iran nuclear deal and reconsider his decision to withdraw the U.S. from the Paris climate agreement.
For all their camaraderie, Macron and Trump disagree on some fundamental issues, including the multinational nuclear deal, which is aimed at restricting Iran's development of nuclear weapons.
Trump, skeptical of the pact's effectiveness, has been eager to pull out as a May 12 deadline nears. Macron says he is not satisfied with the situation in Iran and thinks the agreement is imperfect, but he has argued for the U.S. sticking with the deal on the grounds that there is not yet a “Plan B.”
Trump ended his first year in office without receiving a foreign leader on a state visit, the first president in nearly 100 years to fail to do so. He was Macron's guest last July at the annual Bastille Day military parade in the center of Paris.
Macron and his wife also took Trump and first lady Melania Trump on a tour of Napoleon's tomb and whisked them up in the Eiffel Tower for dinner overlooking the City of Light.
Macron was welcomed back to the White House on Tuesday with a traditional arrival ceremony featuring nearly 500 members of the U.S. military and a booming 21-gun salute. He was also attending a State Department lunch hosted by Vice President Mike Pence.
The state dinner honoring Macron will be served in the State Dining Room, which will feature more than 2,500 stems of white sweet pea flowers and nearly 1,000 stems of white lilac. Separately, more than 1,200 branches of cherry blossoms will adorn the majestic Cross Hall.
(© Copyright 2018 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
Curtis Granderson opened a five-run eighth inning with his 300th homer, a tiebreaking shot that helped the New York Mets rally past the Chicago Cubs for a 9-4 victory Wednesday night.
Injury replacement Lucas Duda added a three-run homer off Hector Rondon, and T.J. Rivera capped the outburst with an RBI single for his third hit.
With sluggers Yoenis Cespedes and Michael Conforto on the bench to begin the game, the resurgent Mets came back from a 4-1 deficit and took two of three from the defending World Series champions despite losing second baseman Neil Walker to a left leg injury.
Granderson received a standing ovation and came out for a curtain call after connecting in the eighth off Carl Edwards Jr. (2-1).
Jerry Blevins (4-0) struck out three of his four batters to earn the win.
Juan Lagares hit a tying triple with two outs in the sixth, the start of a meltdown by Chicago's bullpen that allowed New York to bail out starter Matt Harvey. The right-hander gave up three home runs in four innings, including Anthony Rizzo's latest leadoff shot and a mammoth drive by Kyle Schwarber.
Batting leadoff Tuesday for the first time in his career, Rizzo homered on Zack Wheeler's second pitch to spark a 14-3 rout by the Cubs. The 240-pound slugger did himself one better this time, connecting on the first pitch from Harvey and prompting excited high-fives from giddy teammates in the dugout.
Chicago rookie Ian Happ, who hit a grand slam the previous night, followed with his seventh home run and the Cubs had a 2-0 lead after seven pitches. Schwarber's 467-foot shot over the Shea Bridge, a walkway for Citi Field fans above and beyond the bullpens in right-center, made it 4-1 in the fourth.
With the bases loaded in the bottom half and the Mets short on the bench, manager Terry Collins sent up pitcher Steven Matz to pinch hit for Harvey. Matz came through with an RBI infield single off starter Mike Montgomery, and Lagares trimmed it to 4-3 with a sacrifice fly.
Addison Reed retired Rizzo with the bases loaded for the final out.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Cubs: 2B-OF Ben Zobrist (left wrist) was out of the lineup for the second consecutive game but available to pinch hit, manager Joe Maddon said. After a day off Thursday, the team hopes Zobrist can start Friday night in Pittsburgh. If not, the disabled list could become a consideration. ... RHP Kyle Hendricks (hand tendinitis) was scheduled to have a second MRI.
Mets: Cespedes received a scheduled rest but is expected to start the next three games against division-rival Washington, Collins said. Cespedes, who recently returned from a strained hamstring, singled as a pinch hitter in the eighth and was immediately removed for a pinch runner. ... Conforto (stiff back) was held out of the starting lineup for the third consecutive night but said he felt great. "It tightened up a few days ago and I think we're pretty sensitive to those kinds of things lately," Conforto said. "We're just being really cautious." Conforto struck out as a pinch hitter in the sixth. "I think what (Collins) really wants is for me to be 100 percent for this weekend," Conforto said. ... One day after double-play partner Asdrubal Cabrera (thumb) went on the 10-day disabled list, Walker pulled up lame trying to beat out a bunt in the third inning. The team announced he has a left leg injury and will have an MRI on Thursday. Duda entered in the fourth at first base, with Rivera shifting from first to second to replace Walker. And it appears the Mets once again will hold off on calling up hot-hitting shortstop prospect Amed Rosario from Triple-A Las Vegas. Second baseman Gavin Cecchini was scratched from the 51s lineup after Walker got hurt. ... LHP Josh Smoker was placed on the 10-day DL with a strained left shoulder and RHP Rafael Montero was recalled from Las Vegas. Smoker threw 81 pitches in long relief Tuesday night — 33 more than his previous career high in the majors.
UP NEXT
Cubs: Begin a three-game series Friday night in Pittsburgh with RHP Eddie Butler (3-2, 4.03 ERA) on the mound against Pirates rookie RHP Trevor Williams (3-3, 5.13).
Mets: With the Mets using a six-man rotation during a long stretch between days off, rookie RHP Robert Gsellman (5-3, 4.95 ERA) gets another start Thursday night in the opener of a four-game series against NL East-leading Washington. Gsellman threw 6 2/3 shutout innings Saturday in Atlanta and has won a career-best three straight outings. After making two relief appearances, he is 3-0 with a 2.16 ERA in four starts since returning to the rotation. He faces Nationals LHP Gio Gonzalez (5-1, 2.91), who is 9-1 with a 1.62 ERA in 14 starts at Citi Field — including a 3-1 win over Jacob deGrom on April 22 during Washington's three-game sweep.
———
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Galveston, TX (77553)
Today
Thunderstorms likely. Rainfall will be locally heavy at times. High 83F. Winds SSW at 10 to 20 mph. Chance of rain 100%. 5 to 8 inches of rain expected. Localized flooding is possible..
Tonight
Partly cloudy skies. A stray shower or thunderstorm is possible. Low 78F. Winds ESE at 10 to 15 mph.
Israel Kristal, the world's oldest man who lived through both World Wars and survived the Auschwitz concentration camp has passed away just a month short of his 114th birthday, his family said Saturday.Oren Kristal, a grandson, said he died Friday. "He managed to accomplish a lot. Every year he lived was like a few years for somebody else," Oren told The Associated Press.Last year Guinness World Records awarded Kristal a certificate as the world's oldest man.Kristal was born to an Orthodox Jewish family near the town of Zarnow in Poland in 1903."When he was a child during World War I in Poland he was a helper for a booze smuggler, he used to run barefoot in the snow through the night many kilometers with a heavy package on his back at about 12 years old, smuggling alcohol between the lines of the war," Oren, his grandson said."He used to walk very fast until he was very old, faster than me, and he used to tell me that when he was my age if you didn't walk fast enough your feet would stick to the frozen ground," Oren recalled his grandfather telling him.Kristal was orphaned shortly after World War I and moved to Lodz to work in the family confectionary business in 1920.During the Nazi occupation of Poland Kristal was confined to the ghetto there and later sent to Auschwitz and other concentration camps. His first wife and two children were killed in the Holocaust. Six million Jews were systematically murdered by German Nazis and their collaborators during WWII."He used to tell us whenever we were mourning someone that we should consider that they are being buried in the land of Israel, most of the people he knew did not get to be buried in a grave when they died," Oren said.Kristal survived World War II weighing only 37 kilograms (about 81 pounds) - the only survivor of his large family.He later married another Holocaust survivor and moved with her to Israel in 1950 where he built a new family and a successful confectionary business."He was a very hardworking man, a lot of energy always running from one place to another doing something," Oren, his grandson said.He said his grandfather participated in one of his grandsons bar mitzvah just a few weeks ago.An observant Jew, Kristal himself only celebrated his bar mitzvah last year, a hundred years later than usual. He missed his bar mitzvah - the Jewish coming-of-age ceremony celebrated when a boy turns 13 - because of World War I.Oren said his grandfather gave no explanation to the secret for his incredible longevity.He is survived by two children and numerous grandchildren and great-grandchildren, media reported.
OXON HILL, Md. (AP) — The Latest on the Scripps National Spelling Bee (all times local):
6:05 p.m.
Forty-one spellers have advanced to the finals of the Scripps National Spelling Bee out of a field of 516, by far the biggest in the 93-year history of the competition.
The finalists were announced Wednesday after two days of onstage spelling during which nearly 200 spellers were eliminated for getting words wrong. Scores on a written spelling and vocabulary test determined who advanced to the finals.
There were no perfect scores on the test. Bee executive director Paige Kimble says, "We thought it was an easy test. We were wrong."
The top scorers were Shruthika Padhy, Aisha Randhawa and Karthik Nemmani.
Shruthika already came into the bee as one of the favorites, having finished in seventh place last year.
The past 13 champions and 18 of the last 22 have been Indian-American.
5:19 p.m.
With the Scripps National Spelling Bee extended to three days this year, longtime pronouncer Jacques Bailly finally needed some help.
Bailly's understudy for the past 16 years, the Rev. Brian Sietsema, filled in for him during portions of Wednesday's competition.
Sietsema is a Greek Orthodox priest from Michigan, as well as a former linguistics professor and lexicographer.
Bailly is the longtime public face of the bee. He says it was hard to take his first-ever break, but he knew it was necessary.
This year's bee nearly doubled in size because Scripps started a wild-card program that allowed kids who didn't win their regional bees to get to nationals. More than 500 spellers competed over two days of preliminary rounds. No more than 50 finalists were to be announced later Wednesday.
Today in History
Today is Wednesday, Feb. 15, the 46th day of 2017. There are 319 days left in the year.
Today's Highlight in History:
On Feb. 15, 1867, "On the Beautiful Blue Danube," a waltz by Johann Strauss (the Younger), was publicly performed for the first time by the Vienna Men's Choral Society, garnering a polite, if decidedly less than enthusiastic, audience response. (A revised orchestral version proved much more successful.)
On this date:
In 1764, the site of present-day St. Louis was established by Pierre Laclede and Auguste Chouteau.
In 1898, the U.S. battleship Maine mysteriously blew up in Havana Harbor, killing more than 260 crew members and bringing the United States closer to war with Spain.
In 1933, President-elect Franklin D. Roosevelt escaped an assassination attempt in Miami that mortally wounded Chicago Mayor Anton J. Cermak; gunman Giuseppe Zangara was executed more than four weeks later.
In 1942, the British colony Singapore surrendered to Japanese forces during World War II.
In 1952, a funeral was held at Windsor Castle for Britain's King George VI, who had died nine days earlier.
In 1961, 73 people, including an 18-member U.S. figure skating team en route to the World Championships in Czechoslovakia, were killed in the crash of a Sabena Airlines Boeing 707 in Belgium.
In 1967, the rock band Chicago was founded by Walter Parazaider, Terry Kath, Danny Seraphine, Lee Loughnane (LOK'-nayn), James Pankow and Robert Lamm; the group originally called itself The Big Thing.
In 1971, Britain and Ireland "decimalised" their currencies, making one pound equal to 100 new pence instead of 240 pence.
In 1982, 84 men were killed when a huge oil-drilling rig, the Ocean Ranger, sank off the coast of Newfoundland during a fierce storm.
In 1989, the Soviet Union announced that the last of its troops had left Afghanistan, after more than nine years of military intervention.
In 1992, a Milwaukee jury found that Jeffrey Dahmer was sane when he killed and mutilated 15 men and boys. (The decision meant that Dahmer, who had already pleaded guilty to the murders, would receive a mandatory life sentence for each count; Dahmer was beaten to death in prison in 1994.)
In 2002, a private funeral was held at Windsor Castle for Britain's Princess Margaret, who had died six days earlier at age 71.
Ten years ago: National Guardsmen in Humvees ferried food, fuel and baby supplies to hundreds of motorists stranded for nearly a day on a 50-mile stretch of Interstate 78 in eastern Pennsylvania because of a monster storm. The U.S. Mint unveiled the new presidential $1 coin. Oscar-winning songwriter Ray Evans died in Los Angeles at age 92.
Five years ago: Congressional negotiators sealed an agreement on legislation to renew a payroll tax cut for 160 million workers and jobless benefits for millions more. In defiant swipes at its foes, Iran said it was dramatically closer to mastering the production of nuclear fuel even as the U.S. weighed tougher pressure on the Tehran government.
One year ago: President Barack Obama opened a meeting in Rancho Mirage, California, of leaders from the Association of Southeast Asian Nations, calling the landmark gathering on U.S. soil a reflection of his personal commitment to an enduring partnership with the diverse group of countries. Taylor Swift's "1989" brought the singer her second Grammy Award win for album of the year; Mark Ronson and Bruno Mars earned top record for "Uptown Funk," while Ed Sheeran won song of the year for "Thinking Out Loud." Vanity, a Prince protege who renounced her sexy stage persona to become a Christian minister, died in Fremont, California at age 57. Her real name was Denise Matthews.
Today's Birthdays: Former Illinois Congressman John Anderson is 95. Actress Claire Bloom is 86. Author Susan Brownmiller is 82. Songwriter Brian Holland is 76. Rock musician Mick Avory (The Kinks) is 73. Jazz musician Henry Threadgill is 73. Actress-model Marisa Berenson is 70. Actress Jane Seymour is 66. Singer Melissa Manchester is 66. Actress Lynn Whitfield is 64. "Simpsons" creator Matt Groening (GREE'-ning) is 63. Model Janice Dickinson is 62. Actor Christopher McDonald is 62. Reggae singer Ali Campbell is 58. Actor Joseph R. Gannascoli is 58. Musician Mikey Craig (Culture Club) is 57. College and Pro Football Hall of Famer Darrell Green is 57. Actor/comedian Steven Michael Quezada (TV: "Breaking Bad") is 54. Country singer Michael Reynolds (Pinmonkey) is 53. Actor Michael Easton is 50. Rock musician Stevie Benton (Drowning Pool) is 46. Actress Renee O'Connor is 46. Actress Sarah Wynter is 44. Olympic gold medal swimmer Amy Van Dyken-Rouen is 44. Actress-director Miranda July is 43. Rock singer Brandon Boyd (Incubus) is 41. Rock musician Ronnie Vannucci (The Killers) is 41. Singer-songwriter-musician Conor Oberst (Bright Eyes) is 37. Actress Ashley Lyn Cafagna is 34. Blues-rock musician Gary Clark Jr. is 33. Actress Natalie Morales is 32. Actress Amber Riley is 31.
Thought for Today: "Nothing is mine, I have only nothing but it is enough, it is beautiful and it is all mine." — Katherine Anne Porter, American author (1894-1980).
Another major highway through Atlanta was partially shut down on Monday, this one after underground utility work caused the pavement to rise up, break apart and send a passing motorcyclist flying through the air.
While the east-west highway could reopen as soon as Tuesday, the rupture proved to be another headache for Atlanta area motorists already struggling with the collapse of an overpass on a key north-south route.
Witnesses said the motorcyclist was riding in the carpool lane when the pavement suddenly rose up in front of him. Others rushed to his aid. DeKalb County spokesman Andrew Cauthen said he was hospitalized with multiple fractures.
The buckling was caused by a utility crew using machinery to bore a new natural gas pipeline under Interstate 20, authorities said.
DeKalb County police spokeswoman Shiera Campbell said a pipeline being filled with concrete ruptured, and the concrete was forced upward.
The pressure the pavement to rise and break apart, creating a mound as high as six feet (two meters) or more in the High Occupancy Vehicle lane.
"Work was being performed in the area on behalf of Atlanta Gas Light," company spokeswoman Melissa Clontz said. "This incident was not caused by and did not involve the release of natural gas."
County spokeswoman Sarah Page said all westbound lanes were closed until further notice several miles southeast of downtown Atlanta. Westbound traffic was being diverted at Interstate 285, the city's perimeter highway.
Repair crews were inspecting the area with ground-penetrating radar, said Natalie Dale, a spokeswoman for the Georgia Department of Transportation.
She said they are hoping to have a few of the adjacent lanes open Monday evening and the entire road open by noon on Tuesday.
This latest infrastructure problem added hassles to commutes already complicated by the collapse last month of an overpass on Interstate 85, due to a fire that police say was intentionally set.
Project to deliver 20Tbps to PNG and the Solomon Islands
Vocus has signed an agreement with Nokia's Alcatel Submarine Networks (ASN) to roll out the Coral Sea Cable system that will connect Australia, Papua New Guinea and the Solmon Islands.
The government announced last month it had awarded Vocus a $136.6 million contract to build the new cable system. Canberra's support for the project is widely considered an effort to block Huawei from rolling out the cables.
The 4000-kilometre Coral Sea Cable system will land at Port Moresby, Honiara and Sydney.
Following completion — expected in late 2019 — PNG and the Solomon Islands will have 20 terabit per second connections to Australia.
Vocus is also delivering a domestic fibre network across the Solomon Islands.
“Building this critical infrastructure on behalf of the Australian Government will bring fast, reliable and affordable connectivity to Papua New Guinea and Solomon Islands, together with the associated economic and social benefits,” said Vocus Group CEO Kevin Russell.
ASN is also rolling out the Australia Singapore Cable on behalf of Vocus and was responsible for delivering the North West Cable System (NWCS) which is also owned by the network operator.
“We are proud to support Vocus Group with the Coral Sea Cable project,” ASN president Philippe Piron said.
“This new contract validates our approach to provide systems with ultimate performance and reliability to our customers, enabling capacity and connectivity enhancements for end-users, as we continue to expand our presence in the Asia-Pacific region.”
BRUSSELS (AP) — The European Union said Monday that it stands ready to hit back "swiftly and appropriately" if U.S. President Donald Trump takes unfair trade measures against the 28-nation bloc.
The EU's warning comes less than 24 hours after Trump expressed his annoyance with EU trade policy, saying it "may morph into something very big."
The standoff contrasted sharply with relations during the administration of Barack Obama, when both sides sought to create a massive free trade zone between the EU and United States that was argued could yield over $100 billion a year for both sides.
When Trump won the presidential election in November 2016, those hopes evaporated as the new president talked about protecting American jobs and going against multilateral trade deals that he portrayed as detrimental to his "America First" policies.
On Sunday, Trump said in a British television interview that "the European Union has been very, very unfair to the United States, and I think it'll turn out to be very much to their detriment."
He insisted that his trade issues with the EU "may morph into something very big from that standpoint, from a trade standpoint."
In the past, he has hinted at punitive measures against trading partners he thought were abusing the U.S. market.
Trump last week approved tariffs on imported solar-energy components and large washing machines in a bid to help U.S. manufacturers, particularly against competition from China and South Korea. His administration has also pulled out of a Pacific trade deal and is looking to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement.
EU chief spokesman Margaritis Schinas retorted Monday that "the EU stands ready to react swiftly and appropriately in case our exports are affected by any restrictive trade measure from the United States."
Schinas said that "while trade has to be open and fair it also has to be rules-based."
The issues also came to the fore during last week's World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland.
In 2016, official figures show, the EU imported 246 billion euros ($304 billion) in goods from the U.S. while exporting some 362 billion euros ($448 billion) to the country. Trump has taken aim at that U.S. deficit of 116 billion euros ($143 billion). In services, the U.S. deficit is much smaller, of only about 13 billion euros ($16 billion).
The EU and Germany both called for cooperation Monday.
German government spokesman, Steffen Seibert, noted that Chancellor Angela Merkel set out in Davos last week why her government wants "an even stronger, more competitive, more self-confident EU that takes over even more international responsibility."
"But that is not directed against anyone, including the United States of America," Seibert told reporters in Berlin. "We try for solutions, strive for cooperation that is advantageous for both partners."
___
Geir Moulson in Berlin contributed to this report.
Rating: 5.0. From 1 vote. Please wait...
The silly season is over, school is back in session and routine is slowly returning to life. Hopefully, that means that I can start getting on top of things, slowly because I'm still a little further behind than I wanted to be.
February we have quite a great list ahead of us. There are some titles I have been super excited for and I can't wait to get to. I really want to get this out so I will keep it quick and just tell you about the amazing books we have coming up.
Grace On The Court – Maddy Proud
Black Inc. Books – Piccolo Nero – Children's
Grace Parker tries to figure out how to handle the 3Bs: boys, boy bands and ball sports.
Things were simple for netball nerd Grace Parker at primary school. She was captain of her school team – and with her best friends, Stella and Mia, by her side, they won the grand final. Back then, her biggest problem was persuading her parents to buy her tickets to see Friday at Five, the world's hottest boy band.
But high school's a whole new story … Grace's greatest rival on the court, Amber Burns, just made the same netball team as her. Her twin brother, Gus, is devastated he didn't make the A-grade AFL side. Her older brother, Tyler, is ignoring her. And as if that wasn't enough for a 13-year-old girl to handle, gorgeous aspiring rockstar Sebastian King is suddenly paying her a lot of attention.
Say You'll Remember Me – Katie McGarry
Harlequin – HQ Young Adult – Young Adult
They stood together against the world
When Drix was convicted of a crime — one he didn't commit — he thought his life was over. But opportunity came with the new Second Chance Program, the governor's newest pet project to get delinquents off the streets, rehabilitated and back into society. Drix knows this is his chance to get his life back on track, even if it means being paraded in front of reporters for a while.
Elle knows she lives a life of privilege. As the governor's daughter, she can open doors with her name alone. But the expectations and pressure to be someone she isn't may be too much to handle. She wants to follow her own path, whatever that means.
When Drix and Elle meet, their connection is immediate, but so are their problems. Drix is not the type of boy Elle's parents have in mind for her, and Elle is not the kind of girl who can understand Drix's messy life.
But sometimes love can breach all barriers.
Fighting against a society that can't imagine them together, Drix and Elle must push themselves — Drix to confront the truth of the robbery, and Elle to assert her independence — and each other to finally get what they deserve.
Silent Corner – Dean Koontz
Harper Collins Publishers – HarperCollins – Thriller
From #1 New York Times bestselling author of dark psychological suspense and modern classics of mystery and adventure comes a thriller that ventures into science, secrecy and danger.
“I very much need to be dead.”
Chilling last words left by a man who had everything to live for but took his own life. People of talent and accomplishment, people seemingly happy and sound of mind, are committing suicide in surprising numbers. A disturbing pattern is beginning to emerge.
FBI agent Jane Hawk, recently widowed, is determined to find out why. Which means going rogue and into ‘the silent corner' – living entirely off the grid even as she hunts her foes. The enemies pursuing her are seemingly endless and unstoppable. But Jane is as clever as they are cold-blooded, as relentless as they are ruthless. And this one woman will uncover a secret so terrifying that it challenges the limits of science itself.
The Queen of Bloody Everything – Joanna Nadin
Pan Macmillan – Mantle – Contemporary fiction
“Small town, small minds,” you say, as now-to-be-neighbours watch us through twitching nets as we drag dustbin bags and old crisp boxes from the back of Maudsley Mick's Transit. I stare back defiantly as I march up the path, ignoring the trail of tampons, playscripts, a potato masher that I leave in my wake. I am still, of course, happy to style myself as you. Because you – and Mick, and Toni, and the revolving cast of misfits, dropouts and almost-damned that bed down on borrowed floors – are all that I know.
But that is about to change…
Dido Sylvia Jones is six years and twenty seven days old when she moves from London squat to suburban Essex and promptly falls in love with Tom Trevelyan, the boy next door. It's not just him Dido falls for, though: it's also his precocious sister, Harry, and their fastidious, controlling mother, Angela.
Because Angela is everything that Edie – Dido's own mother – is not. And the Trevelyans are exactly the kind of family Dido dreams of.
Normal.
Which is what Dido wants to be, more than anything else in the world.
But normal is the very thing Edie can never be, as Dido – and the Trevelyans, including Dido's beloved Tom – will eventually learn the hard way.
Like the very best families, Joanna Nadin's The Queen of Bloody Everything is funny, warm, tender and heart-breaking in equal measure. Part love story, it's ultimately about mothers and daughters; about realising, however long it takes, that family might be what you make it, but you can't change where you come from.
The Right Girl – Ellie O'Neill
Simon & Schuster – General Fiction
What do you do when your perfect life . . . isn't?
Freya has the best life – she's officially in love and her floristry business, Blooming Brilliant, is going from strength to strength.
Two years ago, it was a different story. She was barely employed as the worst waitress in the world, with no hope of a boyfriend, and no bank balance. But then she got BBest, a lifestyle app that knows you better than you know yourself. It changed everything. It streamlined her life, taking her likes and dislikes and skills and foibles, and gave her the best options so she doesn't make mistakes anymore. Freya has never looked back – and neither has anyone else. Everyone loves BBest, it's a game changer.
But if she's so in love, why doesn't it feel exactly right? And who is that mysterious man in her beloved grandfather's bookshop with soulful eyes that leave her unstitched? All of a sudden Freya has so many questions – and no one seems to be able to answer them. She begins to wonder what she really agreed to when she let BBest into her life. Then her grandfather is arrested, and Freya is thrust into a world she could never have imagined in her shiny, successful existence.
When you have the perfect life, should you listen to your head or your heart?
The Ruin – Dervla McTiernan
Harper Collins – Harper Collins AU – Crime & Mystery
Galway 1993: Young Garda Cormac Reilly is called to a scene he will never forget. Two silent, neglected children – fifteen-year-old Maude and five-year-old Jack – are waiting for him at a crumbling country house. Upstairs, their mother lies dead.
Twenty years later, a body surfaces in the icy black waters of the River Corrib. At first it looks like an open-and-shut case, but then doubt is cast on the investigation's findings – and the integrity of the
police. Cormac is thrown back into the cold case that has haunted him his entire career – what links the two deaths, two decades apart? As he navigates his way through police politics and the ghosts of the past, Detective Reilly uncovers shocking secrets and finds himself questioning who among his colleagues he can trust.
What really did happen in that house where he first met Maude and Jack? The Ruin draws us deep into the dark heart of Ireland and asks who will protect you when the authorities can't – or won't.
The Rules of Backyard Croquet – Sunni Overend
Harper Collins – Harper Collins AU – General Fiction
Disgraced fashion prodigy Apple March has gone into hiding, concealing herself within the cashmere and silk folds of a formerly grand fashion boutique – the hanging of blouses and handling of difficult patrons now her only concern.
But when her sister Poppy needs a wedding dress, old passions are reignited … along with threats from her past.
As Apple finds herself falling for someone she shouldn't, her quest to re-emerge becomes entangled in a time she wants forgotten, and life unravels as quickly as it began to mend.
From the cool heart of Melbourne, to Paris and New York, in an effervescent world of croquet, Campari and cocoon coats, can Apple prevail over demons past to become the woman she was born to be?
The Woman In The Window – A.J. Finn
Harper Collins – Harper Collins GB – Thriller/Suspense
What did she see?
It's been ten long months since Anna Fox last left her home. Ten months during which she has haunted the rooms of her old New York house like a ghost, lost in her memories, too terrified to step outside.
Anna's lifeline to the real world is her window, where she sits day after day, watching her neighbours. When the Russells move in, Anna is instantly drawn to them. A picture-perfect family of three, they are an echo of the life that was once hers.
But one evening, a frenzied scream rips across the silence, and Anna witnesses something no one was supposed to see. Now she must do everything she can to uncover the truth about what really happened. But even if she does, will anyone believe her? And can she even trust herself?
A huge thanks go out to the publishers without whom we could not offer such great reads. Harlequin, HarperCollins, Pan Macmillan, Black Inc. Books and Simon and Schuster. We are so grateful for the support you show us, we couldn't do it without you.
If you aren't yet a member of the Beauty and Lace Club there is still time to join, head over to the signup page and take a look: yoursay.beautyandlace.net.
Happy Reading, have fun selecting preferences and we look forward to hearing what you think.
You May Also Like:
TULSA, Okla. (AP) — The Latest on a Delta Air Lines flight diverted to Tulsa, Oklahoma, because of an onboard disturbance involving a passenger (all times local):
2:10 p.m.
Delta Air Lines is apologizing to customers whose plans were delayed because a flight from Portland, Oregon, to Atlanta had to land in Tulsa, Oklahoma, due to what it described as an unruly passenger.
Delta spokesman Anthony Black says flight 1156 landed "without incident" and that there were 172 passengers and six crew members onboard the Boeing 737-900.
Tulsa International Airport spokeswoman Alexis Higgins says the plane landed about 11:30 a.m. Wednesday and the passenger was removed. Higgins said she did not know the nature of the disturbance.
FBI spokeswoman Andrea Anderson in Oklahoma City confirmed the agency was investigating but referred other questions to the U.S. Attorney's office.
___
1:50 p.m.
A Delta Air Lines flight from Portland, Oregon, to Atlanta was diverted to Tulsa, Oklahoma, because of an onboard disturbance involving a passenger.
Tulsa International Airport spokeswoman Alexis Higgins says Delta flight 1156 landed about 11:30 a.m. and the passenger was removed to be questioned by the FBI.
Higgins said she did not know the nature of the disturbance and a Delta spokesman did not immediately return a phone call seeking comment.
Higgins said the aircraft was refueling shortly after 1:15 p.m. and would resume the flight to Atlanta.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Latest on the accident involving a train carrying lawmakers to a policy retreat in West Virginia (all times local):
7 p.m.
Aides to Minnesota Rep. Jason Lewis say he's been discharged from a Virginia hospital after suffering a concussion when a train carrying House Republicans to a retreat struck a truck.
A tweet from Lewis' account late Wednesday said Lewis was heading for the retreat and planned to participate as much as he could as he recovers.
The train taking House Republicans from Washington to a retreat in West Virginia collided with the garbage truck in Crozet, Virginia, on Wednesday. One person in the truck was killed.
Fellow Minnesota Reps. Erik Paulsen and Tom Emmer were also on board the train. Both lawmakers say they were unhurt.
___
6:15 p.m.
A congressman who was on the train that hit a garbage truck in Virginia says the truck's driver was killed instantly.
Tennessee Rep. Phil Roe, who is a doctor, told reporters about the death Wednesday evening.
The White House earlier had confirmed one fatality and one serious injury after the chartered train carrying dozens of Republican lawmakers to a retreat in West Virginia hit the truck.
Texas Rep. Michael Burgess, also a doctor, described the accident near Crozet, Virginia, as a "scene you don't ever want to see."
Sen. Jeff Flake of Arizona says seeing lawmaker doctors tending to the injured reminded him of Rep. Steve Scalise's shooting at a GOP baseball practice last year.
___
5 p.m.
A man who lives near the railroad crossing where a train carrying Republican lawmakers struck a garbage truck says the crossing arms have not been working correctly.
Benny Layne said the truck landed on his property Wednesday after it collided with the Amtrak train near Crozet, Virginia.
Layne told The Associated Press that he has recently seen lines of cars stopped at the crossing, with the crossing arms lowered even though no train was approaching. He said motorists would get out of their cars to help guide other motorists around the malfunctioning arms so they could cross the tracks.
Layne says he has seen the arms stay down for hours. He also says he saw a man examining the crossing arms this week.
CSX Transportation owns the tracks where the crash occurred. Buckingham Branch Railroad leases the tracks and is responsible for maintenance, signaling and traffic dispatching on the line.
A spokeswoman for Buckingham said she was not aware of any problems with equipment at the crossing but referred questions to the National Transportation Safety Board, which is investigating the crash.
___
3:30 p.m.
The railroad crossing where a train carrying Republican lawmakers struck a trash truck is equipped with two advance warning signs, two roadway gate arms, two mast-mounted flashing lights and a bell to warn of an approaching train.
Those details are included in a U.S. Department of Transportation Inventory Form dated Jan. 3 describing the warning system at the crossing near Crozet, Virginia.
According to the report, three freight trains pass through the intersection during the day and two at night, on average. The report says passenger trains don't go through very often — an average of less than one per day.
The maximum speed for trains crossing the intersection is 60 miles per hour.
One accident report filed by CSX Transportation in 1999 said a train hit a vehicle that was stuck between the rails at the crossing. No injuries were reported, but there was damage to the train's engine and the vehicle, which was driven by a 70-year-old woman who got out of her car before the train hit.
___
3:15 p.m.
President Donald Trump says he has spoken to House Speaker Paul Ryan after a train carrying Republican lawmakers to a retreat hit a truck on the tracks in Virginia.
The president says in the Oval Office that the lawmakers are "doing pretty good" and are "proceeding with their conference." Trump says he was told "it was a pretty rough hit."
The White House says one person was killed and another was seriously injured after the chartered train struck a garbage truck.
Trump is planning to address the Republican lawmakers Thursday at the conference at the Greenbrier resort in White Sulphur Springs, West Virginia.
___
Rep. Chuck Fleischmann of Tennessee was injured Wednesday morning when a train taking Republican members of Congress to a retreat hit a garbage truck in Virginia.
The Tennessean reports that Fleischmann said in a phone call from the scene, where he was being treated for his injuries, that he was on his way to the restroom when the crash occurred. He said he was thrown around upon impact and suffered neck, back and foot injuries.
Fleischmann said he was in a "bit of shock" and significant pain.
___
2:30 p.m.
Staff members say Rep. Jason Lewis of Minnesota has been taken to a hospital after being injured in a train accident in Virginia.
Members of his staff tweeted that the first-term congressman was being checked for a possible concussion after the Wednesday crash.
Officials say the train was carrying Republican lawmakers from Washington to a retreat in West Virginia when it hit a truck on the tracks near Crozet, Virginia.
The White House is confirming one fatality and one serious injury after the chartered train hit a garbage truck.
___
2 p.m.
Amtrak says two crew members and two passengers have been taken to a hospital with minor injuries after a train crash in Virginia.
Amtrak spokeswoman Beth K. Toll says the four were injured when the train hit a truck on the tracks Wednesday morning near Crozet, Virginia.
Police and a local hospital have given differing figures, but the reason for the discrepancies wasn't immediately clear.
The train was carrying Republican lawmakers to a conference at the Greenbrier resort in White Sulphur Springs, West Virginia.
The accident happened at an intersection that crosses the tracks at the top of a hill where visibility is limited. There is a train arm at the crossing.
Crozet is a small town west of Charlottesville, which is home to the University of Virginia.
___
1:55 p.m.
The organization that's hosting a retreat for congressional Republicans says the event will go on with an adjusted program in the wake of the train accident carrying participants to a West Virginia resort.
The Congressional Institute says the decision was made after consulting with Republican leaders.
The White House is confirming one fatality and one serious injury after the chartered train hit a garbage truck.
White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders says there are no serious injuries among members of Congress or congressional staff.
___
1:15 p.m.
A congressman on the train involved in an accident on its way to a GOP retreat in West Virginia says three lawmakers who are doctors tended to crash victims.
Rep. James Comer of Kentucky says the collision destroyed a garbage truck, leaving it "just in pieces."
Comer says Reps. Larry Bucshon of Indiana, Roger Marshall of Kansas and Brad Wenstrup of Ohio came to the aid of crash victims before emergency personnel — including a transport helicopter — arrived.
The train was en route to a conference at the Greenbrier resort in White Sulphur Springs, West Virginia, and hit the truck in Crozet, Virginia — which is near west of Charlottesville.
Comer says lawmakers, spouses, and aides had been on the train for about two hours when suddenly there was a crash. The impact made him jump out of his seat.
___
12:40 p.m.
An Amtrak spokeswoman says a train has come into contact with a vehicle on the tracks in central Virginia — the same area where members of Congress are reporting their train struck a truck.
Amtrak spokeswoman Kimberly Woods says there are no reported injuries to passengers or crew members after the incident that happened around 11:20 a.m. in Crozet, Virginia. Crozet is about 15 miles west of Charlottesville.
Woods says the train originated in Washington, but she couldn't confirm that members of Congress were aboard.
She says local law enforcement is investigating and crews are inspecting equipment for damage.
___
12:35 p.m.
The White House is confirming one fatality and one serious injury after a chartered train carrying Republican lawmakers to a retreat in West Virginia hit a garbage truck.
White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders says there are no serious injuries among members of Congress or congressional staff.
Sanders says President Donald Trump has been fully briefed on the matter and is receiving regular updates.
The train carrying the lawmakers hit a garbage truck south of Charlottesville, Virginia.
Lawmakers are heading to their annual legislative retreat at the Greenbrier resort in White Sulphur Springs, West Virginia.
The Latest on the Alabama Senate race (all times local):
8:30 p.m.
The wife of Republican Senate candidate Roy Moore is defending her husband against accusations of bigotry by pointing out that one of their attorneys "is a Jew."
Kayla Moore made the comment at a rally for her husband in rural Alabama Monday night.
She says the "fake news" has falsely accused her husband of being against women in office and black and Jewish people.
She adds: "Well, one of our attorneys is a Jew. We have very close friends who are Jewish and rabbis."
Kayla Moore says she wanted to clear the record for the large media presence at her husband's final rally before Tuesday's vote.
——
8:20 p.m.
Alabama Republican Roy Moore is using his closing campaign rally to lash out at sexual misconduct accusations against him.
Speaking at a Monday night rally, Moore is urging his supporters to get to the polls Tuesday and calling the article that first raised allegations against him "disgusting."
Moore, 70, faces allegations of sexual misconduct involving teenage girls decades ago.
Moore says, "If you don't believe in my character, don't vote for me."
Moore, who was twice removed as state Chief Justice for thwarting court orders regarding the Ten Commandments and same-sex marriage, argued the nation must "go back to God."
He says, "I want America great and I want America good and we can't be good until we go back to God," Moore said.
——
8:10 p.m.
About 50 protesters gathered outside Republican Roy Moore's final rally of the U.S. Senate race in Alabama.
The group on Monday night chanted "Country over party, vote Doug Jones" and "Don't let a pedophile in office."
Many carried Jones signs. Some women were dressed as handmaids — from the novel and TV drama "The Handmaid's Tale" — to symbolize Moore's accusers, whom they said are being silenced.
Moore has been accused of sexual misconduct with teenagers when he was in his 30s.
Christina Evans, 24, says being a GOP candidate in a Republican state should not excuse Moore's behavior.
———
8 p.m.
Democratic Senate candidate Doug Jones says it's time for Alabama voters to say "enough is enough."
He says his campaign against Republican Roy Moore is about the state choosing "the right path" rather than following a history he says is marred with bad choices.
Jones notes Moore was twice tossed off the Alabama Supreme Court for ignoring federal law and has since been accused of molesting and trying to date teenage girls when he was in his 30s.
The Democrat says "decency" demands not supporting Moore.
Given Alabama's conservative bent, Jones needs support from Republicans to win Tuesday. He is reminding voters that Alabama Sen. Richard Shelby has publicly confirmed he wrote in another Republican on his ballot rather than back Moore.
———
7:30 p.m.
Former professional basketball star Charles Barkley says Alabama voters must send Democrat Doug Jones to the Senate to assure the rest of the nation "we're not a bunch of damn idiots."
An Alabama native, Barkley says Republican Roy Moore would continue to embarrass a state that has a history of politicians garnering negative attention.
Barkley is speaking at Jones' final campaign rally before polls open Tuesday morning.
He took aim at Moore's top celebrity campaigner, Steve Bannon. President Donald Trump's former adviser was also in Alabama on Monday.
Barkley called Bannon a "white separatist nationalist" and said he and Moore are courting voters who hold Alabama back.
Barkley is from outside Birmingham. He has commented over the years on Alabama politics, periodically entertaining the idea of running for governor.
———
7:15 p.m.
Former White House strategist Steve Bannon says Alabama's special election for a U.S. Senate seat is an "up-or-down vote between the Trump miracle and the nullification project."
Bannon is speaking at a campaign rally for Republican candidate Roy Moore on the night before the election.
He says, "This is greater than Judge Moore and even greater than the people of Alabama."
The decor at the "Drain the Swamp" rally in rural southeast Alabama features a plastic alligator and plants. Other conservative icons on the agenda included Rep. Louie Gohmert of Texas and former sheriff David Clarke of Wisconsin.
Bannon's former boss, President Donald Trump, said in a robocall Monday to Alabama voters that he badly needs Moore's vote in the Senate.
——
2:10 p.m.
Republican Roy Moore is casting himself as a victim in the Alabama U.S. Senate race.
In a call to a conservative talk radio show in Montgomery on Monday, Moore took aim at a political group called Highway 31, which has run ads hammering Moore over alleged sexual misconduct involving teen girls. The group hasn't disclosed its donors as it supports Democrat Doug Jones.
Moore says the ads have been "ugly." He laments the tone of the campaign and says he's been the recipient of vicious, unfounded attacks.
Still, Moore is expressing confidence in Tuesday's outcome.
He also claimed a potential surprising variable: support within the black community that leans overwhelmingly Democratic in Alabama.
———
1:25 p.m.
A House Democrat wants to know what preventative steps are being taken to protect teenage pages if Alabama elects Roy Moore.
Wisconsin Rep. Gwen Moore wrote to Senate Sergeant at Arms Frank Larkin saying she was urgently concerned that young men and women working as pages would need protection if Moore wins on Tuesday.
Moore faces several allegations of sexual misconduct, including the accusation that he molested a 14-year-old girl decades ago when he was in his 30s. He has denied the accusations.
Senate pages must be high school juniors, at least 16 years old, and attend school. Their duties include delivering legislation and correspondence at the Capitol. They attend classes in the morning.
Moore wrote that Congress has an obligation to keep the pages safe.
———
10:15 a.m.
Democratic candidate Doug Jones says Republican Roy Moore is hiding in the closing days of Alabama's U.S. Senate campaign.
Jones stopped by a breakfast spot in Birmingham early Monday to greet voters. So many media members were present that only a few other people could get inside.
Jones chided Republican Roy Moore for being out of sight ahead of Tuesday's election. He says Moore was out of state over the weekend.
Moore was in Montgomery on Sunday afternoon, but his campaign hasn't responded to questions about his whereabouts over the rest of the weekend.
———
9:19 a.m.
Former President Barack Obama and former Vice President Joe Biden have recorded calls urging turnout in Alabama's heated race for U.S. Senate.
A person familiar with the campaign said Monday that Obama had recorded a message in support of Democrat Doug Jones. Jones is attempting to become the first Alabama Democrat elected to the U.S. Senate in 25 years. He is locked in a heated battle with Republican Roy Moore.
Biden held a rally for Jones in Birmingham, Ala. earlier this year and has also recorded a call for Jones.
The Jones camp is sending out dozens of types of calls on the eve of the election to urge turnout. They include a news clip in which Republican Sen. Richard Shelby said that Alabama deserves better than Moore.
President Donald Trump has recorded a call urging people to vote for Moore.
———
8:45 a.m.
An official has quit the Republican National Committee over the GOP's support of Alabama Republican Senate candidate Roy Moore, who faces accusations of sexual assault and harassment.
Joyce Simmons, the GOP national committeewoman from Nebraska, emailed the 168-member governing body Monday to inform them that she had tendered her resignation. She writes: "I strongly disagree with the recent RNC financial support directed to the Alabama Republican Party for use in the Roy Moore race."
Simmons adds that she wishes she could have continued her service "to the national Republican Party that I used to know well.'
The RNC had pulled support from Moore after the allegations surfaced against him last month. But the organization re-entered the race once President Donald Trump endorsed Moore, citing the need for a Republican in the seat.
———
3:35 a.m.
Republican Roy Moore and Democrat Doug Jones are making their final pushes ahead of Tuesday's special Senate election in Alabama.
Jones and Democrats are framing the election as a way for Alabama to reject its history of politicians with baggage that hampers the state.
Republicans say it is about keeping a conservative hold on Alabama and not giving Democrats any opportunity to derail President Donald Trump's agenda before the 2018 midterms.
In truth, the matchup is a mix of Alabama's history and the partisan divides plaguing Washington.
Jones says it would be disastrous to elect Moore after the former judge was accused of sexual misconduct with teenage girls. Moore denies the charges.
Moore and other Republicans say Jones would be a puppet of liberal Democratic leaders out of step with Alabama.
JOHANNESBURG (AP) — The South African city of Cape Town says there has been growing tension and one arrest at a source of natural spring water where residents have converged because of a severe drought.
Authorities say they might have to turn off most city taps in mid-April if residents don't save enough water, a scenario that has raised concerns about security.
The city says police and the military would help secure water collection sites if the tap closure occurs.
The city says it is taking over management of the Newlands neighborhood site because noise and traffic congestion by people collecting water around the clock is disturbing neighbors and an adjacent home for the elderly. The city says police detained one person earlier this week after a fight broke out.
The Orange County Register softball rankings for Monday, March 19.
SOFTBALL
O.C. Top 10
(Records through Sunday, March 18)
1. Orange Lutheran (14-1)
Lancers allowed only three runs in capturing the Torrance National Tournament for their second tourney title in as many weeks.
2. Los Alamitos (8-0)
Griffins hope to play host to Norco – who they beat 3-1 for the CIF Division 1 crown last season — on Thursday but the weather could have other plans.
3. Mater Dei (8-3)
Monarchs were blanked in close losses against Norco (1-0) and Gahr (2-0) but reached second straight tournament final with run at Best of the West.
4. Santa Margarita (10-0)
Eagles climb one spot in the county after capturing the Northwood tournament to stay undefeated.
5. Pacifica (6-3)
Mariners play key Division 1 game Wednesday at Los Altos, ranked fifth in the division. Pacifica ranked No. 10.
6. Huntington Beach (6-3)
Oilers open what they hope is special Sunset League season at Newport Harbor on Thursday.
7. Laguna Hills (6-2)
Hawks beat Gahr, which later beat Mater Dei in the finals of the Best of the West. That's one way to break into the Top 10. Laguna Hills also soared to No. 3 in Division 2.
8. Aliso Niguel (7-2)
Wolverines edged Marina, 2-1, in Division 2 showdown at Best of the West. Aliso Niguel, ranked No. 4 in Division 1, also play No. 4 Santa Margarita on Wednesday.
9. La Habra (7-1)
Highlanders' only loss came against surging Los Altos. They play host to another Division 1 contender on Tuesday: Gahr. The Gladiators aren't ranked in the division but should be.
10. Esperanza (7-2)
Aztecs split with Cypress last week but are ranked No. 7 in Division 2.
Others considered: 11. Cypress (7-2), 12. Edison (4-1), 13. Marina (5-3)
Greg Palast exposes the GOP's suppression of the vote in this investigative documentary! Donate to order this gift now!
Transcript for San Juan's mayor says island not ready for hurricane season
The total death told wasn't correct that the government was not telling us from. And that. Perhaps in an effort to kill Andy this isn't good news stories and way. Two things happened there's a disaster caused by eating. And then that was a disaster on its mind on and she is pregnant and their inability. To you. Heal and for the people of Puerto Rico and treating us as of our lives on this number it's not enough. It's a reminder that. When government sounds and repairs comes to look I'm I didn't get. A senate from the beginning isn't. It isn't as smiles and the ones that I cup of that all on me forever it is payment goes in gets. That was it wouldn't it hurricane season to start today's 48 hours away. You feel prepared you can be islands prepared. Quarter does not prepare I think it's one winner passed through here as he. Canned and that's never enough.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
ERIN, Wis. (AP) — Determined to avoid the embarrassing rules mess from a year ago, the USGA is shaking up the way it officiates the U.S. Open at Erin Hills.
It pledged to respond quicker and not wait to make a ruling.
"I think last year there were two things we fell short on — it took too long to make the ruling and it left uncertainty with the competition," said John Bodenhamer, the USGA's managing director of rules and competition. "I think should a similar circumstance happen, I think we are poised to move quickly."
The U.S. Open, as well as the USGA's other biggest events, will no longer have referees who walk with each group, a practice that dates to 1991. Instead, officials will be stationed at various spots on each hole around the course.
The biggest advancement is having four video monitor stations, along with the use of tablets, that will allow officials to review any rules discrepancies on the course to reach conclusions immediately.
That might have made it a lot easier on Dustin Johnson — and everyone else — last year at Oakmont.
Johnson's golf ball moved slightly as he stepped in for a 3-foot par putt on the fifth hole. He didn't think he caused it to move, called in the walking referee and no penalty was assessed. But when the USGA saw video, officials thought there might be a penalty.
They told Johnson when he was on the 12th tee, saying he might be penalized and they could review it after the round. That would have been fine except that it was the final round. Johnson played the last seven holes not knowing if he would be penalized, and thus not knowing the score.
It was a major gaffe, saved only by Johnson playing so well that he had a four-shot lead when he birdied the final hole to win the U.S. Open. After meeting with officials, he was given a one-shot penalty that affected only the margin of victory, not the name on the trophy.
The USGA has a five-member rules committee led by Thomas Pagel, the senior director of rules. Pagel will be the chief referee for the U.S. Open, who can make immediate decisions that would stand.
A repeat of the Johnson incident is unlikely this year, and not just because the greens at Erin Hills are nowhere near as fast as Oakmont's putting surfaces. The USGA introduced a local rule last year that if a golf ball or marker moves accidentally, the player puts it back without penalty.
Having video more readily available for review should help avoid uncertainty.
Bodenhamer said the rules committee — not always the player, in some cases — would be able to look at the video and quickly decide whether it's a penalty.
It was the most significant change for a U.S. Open that is desperate to have a smooth tournament. The previous year at Chambers Bay, the grass on the greens was starting to die before the U.S. Open began and at times on the weekend, players were putting through what amounted to matted dirt.
Jordan Spieth won when Johnson, needing a 12-foot eagle putt to win, three-putted for par to finish second. He missed a 4-foot birdie putt on the bumpy green.
Part of that could be attributed to weather in the Pacific Northwest that week.
As for Oakmont a year ago, that was a breakdown in communication and delivering the ruling at the right time.
"We not only learned from it, but we made changes," USGA executive director Mike Davis said. "And I think that's the way you have to approach anything that doesn't go right: 'How can we make it better? How can we make sure it doesn't happen in the future?'"
After it's the most competitive selection process yet, the National Sheep Association (NSA) has selected 12 young people to take part in its 2018 NSA Next Generation Ambassador programme.
The initiative is a dedicated area of work designed to encourage and support sheep farmers and service providers of the future.
The individuals selected to take part come from all corners of the country and have taken a variety of routes into the sheep sector.
They include a self employed shepherd negotiating his way into buying a 620 ewe flock in one go to an individual making his mark on a family business by introducing EID performance recording systems.
The Ambassador programme will see the group take part in a series of technical and personal development sessions across the UK through the year, set to cover a diverse range of topics relating to the sheep sector.
Developing a close working relationship with the NSA will also form an important part of the programme, designed to benefit both parties in the future.
NSA communications manager Joanne Briggs said: “It is a real credit to the industry to see such passion and enthusiasm shine through from the young individuals who apply, something we should be very proud of.”
It is vital that talent among the next generation of the sheep industry is cultivated to ensure fresh ideas and enthusiasm are brought forward, which is why NSA's work under its Next Generation banner is so important.
Ms Briggs said: “The NSA Next Generation Ambassador programme helps young individuals to further their careers, but also arms them with the confidence and communication skills needed to share their enthusiasm and passion for the sheep industry to a wider audience for years to come.”
Get to know each member of the 2018 group at www.nsanextgeneration.org.uk
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Listen to one of the secrets of human communication expressed, according to the sages, in the giving of the Torah at Sinai.
(Arutz Sheva's North American desk is keeping you updated until the start of Shabbat in New York. The time posted automatically on all Arutz Sheva articles, however, is Israeli time.)
UPROXX
Model, game show host, and wife of John Legend, Chrissy Teigen, is no stranger to social media — Twitter, in particular. Her tweet game includes sounding off on politics, live-tweeting her odd experiences while flying, and clapping back at those who come for her and her family. She's also no stranger to good eatin' — putting out several cookbooks and posting photos of the new dishes she's trying to cook, and others that she's tried at restaurants. With more than 10 million followers, her tweets have probably crossed every Twitter user's timeline at least once in their daily sign-ons.
Interestingly enough, Panera Bread took notice of one of Teigen's tweet-responses to Good Morning America's report regarding Panera's asking the Food and Drug Administration to clarify the definition of what could be called an “egg,” claiming its breakfast competitors use “eggs” that contain more than five ingredients. Teigen, like Panera, agreed that only eggs should be called eggs, and made a suggestion that the restaurants should call their broccoli cheddar soup “Delicious Cream Times.”
Yes I agree only actual eggs should be called eggs and their broccoli cheddar soup should be called delicious cream times — christine teigen (@chrissyteigen) January 26, 2018
Well, Panera thought that was a solid idea, and changed the name of the soup both in its packaging and online. Panera let the model know by sending her a supply of soup, and she took to Twitter (naturally) to recount her tweet and let everyone know they had, indeed, changed the name of the soup at her suggestion. We hear about people shooting their shots on social media all the time, but Teigen took it to the next level. Respect.
Nancy Kerrigan didn't know what to expect when she decided to share her fertility struggles with the world.
“I didn't [bring it up] because I wanted to make any kind of statement, they just asked me what was most important and that was,” the two-time Olympic figure skater, 47, told PEOPLE after Monday's episode of Dancing with the Stars of opening up on the ABC reality show last week about suffering “at least” six miscarriages on her way to becoming a mother of three.
But Kerrigan says that many people reached out to her after the segment aired last week.
“It was amazing,” said the skater, who is mom to sons Matthew, 21, and Brian, 12, and daughter Nicole, 8, with husband Jerry Solomon. “Some people said, My husband and I had this conversation that we'd never had before and we didn't know. Is that how you felt?' I think it's great to be able to open something up for someone else.”
For more from Kerrigan - including how she coped with the media attention after she was clubbed in the knee just weeks before the 1994 Winter Olympics - pick up the current issue of PEOPLE, on newsstands now
The Olympian opens up in the current issue of PEOPLE about her miscarriages and has said she thinks it's important for people to talk about their fertility issues.
“It's something you didn't talk about then. People didn't talk about miscarriages, so I felt very alone,” she says in the issue of her own “shame” during the late '90s and early 2000s. “I think talking about any issue makes things less stressful. It helps you to realize you're not the only one and that other people go through the same things.”
Dancing with the Stars airs Mondays (8 p.m. ET) on ABC.
This article was originally published on PEOPLE.com
The aim of this paper is to show how cheating at computer games can help to reveal the media infrastructures from which they distract. Scholarship in game studies has generally focused on understanding games as objects with representational, mechanical, and narrative qualities or understanding players as subjects with unique and relatable desires. In both cases, the game-object is granted an aura of sorts. It is either scrutinized for what it represents, or it is analyzed as the object of player desire. Within this space, the potential for learning about the deeply personal and embodied technicity of play is lost. Cheating helps to show how conversations about games are deeply relevant to our everyday social, political, and cultural lives. Moreover, it helps to reveal what we might be distracted from when caught up in the ecstatic feedback-loop of gameplay.
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — Minnesota activists are using the Super Bowl spectacle to speak out against police brutality, racism, corporate greed and other issues.
Several rallies are planned this week, including a march outside U.S. Bank Stadium just before Sunday's game.
One group called Take a Knee Nation is holding a conference against police violence. The Minneapolis area has seen several police shootings, including the killings of Philando Castile and Justine Ruszczyk Damond.
Mel Reeves says the group is building on the movement begun by professional athletes who refused to stand for the national anthem at games, and is using that to educate people about racism and the right to protest.
Jess Sundin, organizer for another rally against racism and corporate greed, says it is important to use the opportunity to call for change.
CHITTAGONG, Bangladesh (AP) — Emboldened by its home success in test cricket, Bangladesh is unfazed by the injury-forced absence of influential allrounder Shakib Al Hasan for the series against Sri Lanka.
Bangladesh has drawn its last four home series, proving a tough match against India, South Africa, Australia, and England, and beating the latter two for the first time on home pitches. The Bangladeshi even beat Sri Lanka in their 100th test in Colombo, where Shakib played a significant role, as he usually does in their milestone wins.
However, Shakib, also the test captain, injured his left little finger during the tri-nation one-day final last Saturday against Sri Lanka, meaning vice-captain Mahmudullah will lead the side in the first of two tests beginning on Wednesday at Chittagong.
"Losing Shakib is a big blow," Mahmudullah said. "But you have to go ahead accepting all the challenges.
"If we can execute our decisions positively, we will have a good game. At the end of the day, we all have the opportunity to do something for Bangladesh. We are all very excited."
Mahmudullah believed the team has the depth to cover for Shakib's absence. After he was hurt, with the prospect of missing both tests, the selectors summoned legspinner Tanbir Hayder and left-arm spinner Sunzamul Islam. They, along with offspinner Naeem Hasan, are uncapped, and bump the stock of spinners in the squad to six.
The others are Mehidy Hasan, Taijul Islam, and left-armer Abdur Razzak, who recently took his 500th wicket in first-class cricket but played his 12th and last test in 2014 against Sri Lanka in Chittagong.
"You can guess what is going to happen with six spinners in the side," Mahmudullah said. "We rely on our spinners in home conditions, so we will try to back them.
"I don't think we are favorites (for the series). Sri Lanka have been playing good cricket. But I personally feel that we will be on top in home soil."
But Sri Lanka attacks with spin, too, and has been bolstered by left-armer Rangana Herath and offspinner Dilruwan Perera. When Sri Lanka hosted Bangladesh in a drawn two-test series last March, Herath took 16 wickets and Perera eight. Mehidy and Shakib were Bangladesh's leading wicket-takers, with 10 and nine respectively.
Sri Lanka's confidence is also high from winning the tri-nation final by 79 runs, after starting the series with two heavy losses.
"It has been a really good ODI series apart from the first two games," Sri Lanka captain Dinesh Chandimal said. "When you lose the first two games, it gives you more focus going forward.
"This is a new format, and we have Rangana Herath and Dilruwan Perera. He (Herath) is a wily old fox. He can do what he wants to do.
"It will be challenging for Bangladesh."
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. (CBSNewYork/AP) — An Ohio man accused of plowing his car into counter-protesters at a white nationalist rally in Virginia is set to make his first court appearance.
Col. Martin Kumer, superintendent at the Albemarle-Charlottesville Regional Jail, says 20-year-old James Alex Fields Jr. has a bond hearing Monday morning.
Fields is charged with second-degree murder and other counts after authorities say he drove into the crowd, fatally injuring 32-year-old Heather Heyer and hurting 19 others.
Fields has been in custody since Saturday. Jail officials told The Associated Press they don't know if he's obtained an attorney.
A high school teacher said Fields was fascinated with Nazism, idolized Adolf Hitler and had been singled out by school officials in the 9th grade for his “deeply held, radical” convictions on race.
Meanwhile, the FBI and Department of Justice have opened a federal civil rights and hate crime investigation into the death of the counter-protestor and anyone else who may have incited violence in Charlottesville as the city attempts to heal.
Marches against the violence and hate were held in Charlottesville Sunday and spread across the country, including in New York and New Jersey.
In Virginia, demonstrators became irate with the organizer of to Unite the Right rally, Jason Kessler, who ran from his press conference after it became heated.
White nationalists had assembled in Charlottesville to vent their frustration against the city's plans to take down a statue of Confederal Gen. Robert E. Lee. Counter-protesters massed in opposition.
Deandre Harris was badly injured in the clash between the crowds with a broken wrist and a busted head. He was held by a kind stranger until help arrived.
“She talked to me and kept me calm and really kept me awake,” he said. “I was fading and she woke me up. I was losing so much blood, the people at the hospital told me I was lucky.”
After the destruction came quiet and sorrow as a vigil was held where Heyer was killed.
President Donald Trump is now receiving backlash from politicians and the public for failing to condemn the groups involved by name.
“Tell white supremacists, tell the neo-Nazis, tell the KKK, tell them all we've had enough of it,” said Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe.
Trump addressed the violence in broad strokes Saturday, saying that he condemns “in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides, on many sides.”
Speaking from his New Jersey golf club while on a 17-day working vacation, Trump added: “It's been going on for a long time in our country. Not Donald Trump. Not Barack Obama. It's been going on for a long, long time.”
The White House statement Sunday went further. “The president said very strongly in his statement yesterday that he condemns all forms of violence, bigotry and hatred and of course that includes white Supremacists, KKK, neo-Nazi and all extremist groups.” It added: “He called for national unity and bringing all Americans together.”
Vice President Mike Pence, traveling in South America, condemned “these dangerous fringe groups” and said they “have no place in American public life and in the American debate.”
“We have no tolerance for hate and violence from white supremacists, neo-Nazis or the KK,” he said. “These fringe groups have no place in public life or in the debate and we condemn them in the strongest possible way.”
Trump's national security adviser, H.R. McMaster, said Sunday that he considered the attack to be terrorism.
(© Copyright 2017 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. (AP) — U.S. Coast Guard crews rescued a Bahamian national who had been missing for two weeks.
A Coast Guard statement said a good Samaritan notified them that a boat with one person on board was taking on water some 10 miles (16 kilometers) off West Palm Beach Monday afternoon. The cutter Cochito rescued the man, who was taken to a hospital because he was suffering from a possible chemical reaction. The agency didn't have any additional information about the man's condition.
Coast Guard officials said the man had been missing since Jan. 13. His name wasn't released.
Your family, friends and co-workers start to hide as you try to pawn off yet another bag of zucchini or tomatoes. Here is a solution that satisfies your gardening obsession and feeds the hungry in your community. Designate some growing space to a giving garden and donate the harvest to your local food pantry.
Feeding America reports that 41 million Americans struggles with hunger. And many are children and seniors. Gardener's Supply Co. invites gardeners to lend a hand and take the “Garden to Give,” pledge to grow food to give to those in need.
They surveyed food pantries to find out what types of fruits and veggies people most enjoy eating, and those that store well. You'll find a simple giving garden plan for beets, carrots, cabbage, Swiss chard, kale and winter squash on their website at gardeners.com. Best of all, these late-maturing vegetables will be ready for harvest all at about the same time, so you can make your donation in just one trip.
Don't let a lack of space stops you from participating. Plant a row or container of one or more of these vegetables to share; join forces with a neighbor who may have the space, but only limited time to garden; or gather a few friends and rent a community garden plot. Together you can grow fresh produce and memories to share.
Get the children in your life involved in growing and giving. Gardening increases focus, decreases stress and elevates children's moods. Giving helps children grow into caring well-rounded adults. Plus, if they grow the vegetables, they are more likely to eat them!
Be sure to capture a few photographs of your donation to inspire others to follow your lead. Starting in August, you can enter Gardener's Supply's online “Show What You Share,” photo contest for a chance to win a prize for you and your local food pantry.
With the “Garden to Give,” program, everyone who participates is a winner. The real prize is making a difference while doing something you love. Once you've experienced the benefits of sharing fresh produce with the hungry in your community, you are likely to find yourself making regular donations of garden fresh fruits and veggies to those in need…and feeling great about it, too.
Melinda Myers has written more than 20 gardening books, including “Small Space Gardening.” She hosts The Great Courses “How to Grow Anything: Food Gardening For Everyone” DVD set and the nationally syndicated Melinda's Garden Moment TV and radio segments. Myers is a columnist and contributing editor for Birds & Blooms magazine and was commissioned by Gardener's Supply for her expertise to write this column. Myers's website is melindamyers.com.
You know how to EAT THIS CITY. With top chefs as tour guides, you've learned how to scout out hot spots for breakfast and brunch, where to go for a delicious date night, and how to feast like a local liege in the cities you love. But where do you wash it all down? Do you know how to find the best brewpub? Uncover who makes the meanest bloody marys and the most sparkling mimosas?
You're about to find out. Welcome to DRINK THIS CITY!
This week we're jetting out to Austin, Texas. While Austinites may be devoted to keeping their city weird, it's clear that the local bartenders are equally devoted to keeping their drinking culture top shelf. There's more than enough watering holes to keep cocktail connoisseurs in their cups for months on end, so we're thrilled to have Caitlyn Jackson, Bar Supervisor at Geraldine's in Kimpton Hotel Van Zandt as our tour guide.
Belly up to the bar at Geraldine's and peruse a menu celebrating unique ingredients (think Martine honeysuckle, mascarpone foam, pine smoke), and favored classics with a distinctly Geraldinian twist (the house gin and tonic features Tanqueray gin, grapefruit, cardamom, rosemary, and Fever Tree tonic). Whether you like your cocktails playful or traditional, one thing you'll never be while drinking at Geraldine's is bored.
Once you've had a meal and a drink at Geraldine's, accompanied by live music, you'll be ready to explore all that Austin has to offer. Ready to drink this city with help from Caitlyn? Let's go!
BRUNCH COCKTAIL OR HAIR OF THE DOG
Taco More and Yellow Jacket Social Club
https://www.instagram.com/p/BfwVWuABqKR/?tagged=tacomore
The McMimosa is back… A post shared by yellowjacketsocialclub (@yellowjacketsocialclub) on Feb 25, 2018 at 11:25am PST
If I am flying solo, I go for a super spicy michelada from Taco More, a semi-hidden gem right around the corner from my house (because who wants to drive far whilst hungover?); and if I am brunching with a group, grabbing a bucket of mimosas on the patio at Yellow Jacket hits the spot. A mimosa combined with ‘The Mister' and sun shining on your face with friends is the BEST hair of the dog.
This April 2017 photo provided by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency shows an oil well that was misting natural gas on Alaska's frozen North Slope. Workers from the Alaska Department of Conservation and the Environmental Protection Agency on Saturday, April 15, 2017, were able to connect hoses to valves that allow pressure in the well to be reduced, according to a statement from the state conservation department. The Environmental Protection Agency says a crack in the BP wellhead near Deadhorse sent up mist of crude oil Friday before it froze over and an initial leak stopped. (U.S. Environmental Protection Agency via AP)
ANCHORAGE, Alaska (AP) — Federal and state workers have reduced the amount of pressure in an oil well that is misting natural gas on Alaska's frozen North Slope, officials said.
Workers from the Alaska Department of Conservation and the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency on Saturday night were able to connect hoses to valves that allow pressure in the well to be reduced, according to a statement from the state conservation department.
A Sunday statement says pressure in the well was monitored all night and excess pressure was released from the well.
The Environmental Protection Agency says a crack in the BP wellhead near Deadhorse sent up mist of crude oil Friday before it froze over and an initial leak stopped.
It's unclear how much has vented, but nearby workers have been evacuated and Alaskan Native villages dozens of miles away have been notified.
No injuries have been reported.
Officials say the initial oil release may have affected an area of about 1½ acres. There were no reports of damage to wildlife.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Trump: 'The state of our union is strong because our people are strong.'
From time to time, we've seen scenarios about how the Mac/macOS and the iPad/iOS might evolve as personal computing platforms. We know about the declining sales of the iPad and Apple's seeming inattention to the Mac line as whole in 2016. In turn, that has created some discussion about their respective future developments. John catalogs the likely and not-so-likely roadmaps for these products.
Each of these plans below is someting I've read or thought about. They're in no particular order, but I have assigned a prognosis for each plan. There may be other brilliant plans being cooked up by Apple, but I thought it would interest to list the most often discussed evolutionary scenarios for macOS, iOS and possible integration. Here we go….
Plan A. “Let it Be.” Or: Survival of the fittest. The Intel-based Macs and iPads are allowed to continue as distinct products. They will evolve to work better and better together, and we've seen Apple do that already. But the products remain essentially as they are. Apple will, instead, depend on dramatic improvements in iOS/iPad technologies to stem the decline on iPad sales.
Eventually, an inflection point will come when the iPad can do everything the Mac does today. Then, the Mac, without touch capability, fades into history. Downside. Thousands of great macOS apps depend on Intel and Macs.
Reference: “Let iPad be iPad: Why making it a traditional computer isn't the answer,” by Rene Ritchie.
Likelihood: Low
Plan B. “Here Comes the Sun.” Or: Intel plus ARM. Slowly migrate macOS apps to run on ARM by including low-power but fast ARM processor in all new Macs. macOS and iOS, however, remain distinct. Gradually transition more and more tasks to ARM until an Intel CPU is hardly necessary in, say, five years. It helps reduce Apple's dependence on Intel. A possible gateway to Plan D.
Reference: “Apple Said to Work on Mac Chip That Would Lessen Intel Role,” by Mark Gurman.
Likelihood: Moderate
Plan C. “I Want to Hold Your Hand.” Or: The Toaster Fridge. Single out MacBooks that have ARM in the lid and Intel under the keyboard. When connected, the system operates as macOS/Intel Mac with low power ARM functions. When the lid is detached, it's an iPad. Desktop, Intel-based Macs will use and ARM for iOS simulator and other supporting operations. One problem is continued dependence on Intel CPUs. Another is cost, confusion and lack of elegance.
Likelihood: Low.
Plan D. “Strawberry Fields Forever.” macOS apps run in iOS. New, much larger iPads will have a Rosetta-like system with mouse and other needed frameworks added back in. macOS apps remain Intel-based, run on standard Macs, but can also run on large-display iPads. This continues until Macs and macOS apps fade into history, as with the old Classic apps.
This is an attractive option because it avoids a premature obsolescence of the Mac by allowing all those thousands of macOS apps to have new life on the platform of the future, the bigger iPads. It essentially competes with the ground-breaking notion of the Microsoft Surface Studio and buys time for the iPad to evolve. When the iPad reaches technical maturity and can do everything a Mac can, including the role as an iOS development platform, then the Mac can be left behind. In the meantime, macOS apps remain viable.
Likelihood: High. This is just the kind of technical brilliance Apple is known for. They did it before with the Classic to Mac OS X and the PowerPC to Intel transition. It combats the Surface Studio nicely. Apple's dependence on Intel goes away.
So there you have it. My four roadmaps for the evolution of macOS and iOS apart or together. What do you think? Have I missed any attractive avenues? Or pitfalls?
Two-time world champion ski racer Erik Guay of Canada says he will not be able to compete at the Pyeongchang Olympics because of a back injury.
Guay announced Wednesday on social media that he'll sit out the Winter Games, which open next week in South Korea.
He said he has had "a difficult season battling back problems" and his withdrawal from the Olympics comes "with a heavy heart."
Guay might have been one of Canada's leading medal hopes among the men in Alpine skiing.
He won gold medals at the world championships in downhill in 2011 and in super-G last year, when he also took home a silver in the downhill.
Guay also has 24 top-three finishes in World Cup races.
___
More AP Olympic coverage: https://wintergames.ap.org
MOSCOW (AP) — Two men have been able to register their marriage in Russia, a first for the country that the Interior Ministry attributes to a bureaucratic error.
Russia doesn't recognize same-sex marriage and has a law banning the dissemination of gay "propaganda" to minors, so Pavel Stotzko and Yevgeny Voitsekhovsky's claim that their marriage was officially registered has caused an uproar.
The couple says they got married in Denmark and submitted their passports to a registrar's office, where a clerk docilely put marriage stamps on the travel documents last week.
The Interior Ministry says the passports will be withdrawn and the clerk who stamped them fired.
Russian LGBT Network, a gay rights group, said Monday that the newlyweds have left Russia, fearing for their security amid official pressure.
CBS 2BEIJING - SEPTEMBER 6: Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad attends the Opening Ceremony for the 2008 Paralympic Games at the National Stadium on September 6, 2008 in Beijing, China. (Photo by Chien-min Chung/Getty Images)Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad (Photo by Chien-min Chung/Getty Images) Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, […]
WCBS 880BEIJING - SEPTEMBER 6: Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad attends the Opening Ceremony for the 2008 Paralympic Games at the National Stadium on September 6, 2008 in Beijing, China. (Photo by Chien-min Chung/Getty Images)Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad (Photo by Chien-min Chung/Getty Images) WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and […]
1010 WINSBEIJING - SEPTEMBER 6: Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad attends the Opening Ceremony for the 2008 Paralympic Games at the National Stadium on September 6, 2008 in Beijing, China. (Photo by Chien-min Chung/Getty Images)Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad (Photo by Chien-min Chung/Getty Images) 1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in […]
WFANBEIJING - SEPTEMBER 6: Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad attends the Opening Ceremony for the 2008 Paralympic Games at the National Stadium on September 6, 2008 in Beijing, China. (Photo by Chien-min Chung/Getty Images)Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad (Photo by Chien-min Chung/Getty Images) As the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk […]
WLNYBEIJING - SEPTEMBER 6: Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad attends the Opening Ceremony for the 2008 Paralympic Games at the National Stadium on September 6, 2008 in Beijing, China. (Photo by Chien-min Chung/Getty Images)Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad (Photo by Chien-min Chung/Getty Images) Program Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations […]
The journey began with Mike Cox and his brother in law building custom homes as C&D Custom Homes. As business increased the need for a real estate company evolved and C&D Realty began. Doris Gorman joined the company as their first realtor. Doris Gorman brings to the table years of experience and expertise of buying and selling homes in Wilson County. She is a full time realtor and ready to guide you through all your real estate needs. Several years later Cox's Construction was formed as Mike Cox continued to build custom homes. Medana Hemontolor joined in as a construction manager.
In 2017 C&D Realty merged with Exit Rocky Top Realty to become an international company with Tom Parham. Exit has brought the latest in technology and exposures to all our clients.
Exit Realty International earned a Distinguished Honoree Medal in the category of most innovative company in North America.
Exit congratulates Judy Cox for being chosen Best Realtor in Wilson County. With more than 25 years of experience Judy is a full time realtor with a proven track record of “Making It Happen” when it comes to closing the deal. She and her daughter, Medana Hemontolor, of the C & D Team are ready to assist. Medana brings more than nine years of experience and an energized work ethic, which always gets the job done. Darlene Johnson recently joined the group and is ready with a real estate background to take care of your real estate needs while Pam Bayer office manager keeps everything running smoothly in the office. The entire team would like to say “thank you” for trusting us with your real estate needs over all these years. We are here to serve this community with professional real estate services above and beyond. As Doris said, “You can buy advertising services, but you can't buy your reputation. You have to earn it,” and that's what we as agents at Exit Rocky Top Realty want to always be “people you can trust.”
Mississippi's governor has signed the nation's tightest abortion restrictions into law.
Republican Gov. Phil Bryant signed House Bill 1510 on Monday afternoon. It becomes law immediately and bans most abortions after 15 weeks' gestation. Bryant has frequently said he wants Mississippi to be the "safest place in America for an unborn child."
The law's only exceptions are if a fetus has health problems making it "incompatible with life" outside of the womb at full term, or if a pregnant woman's life or a "major bodily function" is threatened by pregnancy. Pregnancies resulting from rape and incest aren't exempted.
Abortion rights advocates are calling the law unconstitutional because it limits abortion before fetuses can live outside the womb. The owner of Mississippi's only abortion clinic opposes the law and has pledged to sue.
NEWARK, N.J. (AP) — It would be easy to say the New Jersey Devils are back after ending a six-year playoff drought.
John Hynes' team went from last in the Eastern Conference in 2016-17 to the postseason in less in the year, riding a career year by left wing Taylor Hall and outstanding first seasons by No. 1 overall draft pick Nico Hischier and Will Butcher. This was a team that made it tough on opponents almost every time it stepped on the ice.
The standings said it all. New Jersey went from 28 wins and 70 points to 44 wins and 97 points.
Still, it was only good enough to outlast the hard-charging Florida Panthers in the closing weeks of the regular season and get the No. 8 seed.
The Devils discovered that playoffs were another level. They were eliminated by Tampa Bay, the top seed in the Eastern Conference, in five games.
"Of course, we're disappointed," veteran center Travis Zajac said Tuesday as the Devils cleaned out their lockers. "But we accomplished a lot as a team. This is just the beginning. I like how we come together as a team. We faced a lot of adversity, but we survived. Because the league is so close and it's going to be that way again next year, we have to continue to get better."
The Devils have ridden a roller-coaster in Hynes' first three seasons as coach. They exceeded expectations in his first year, plummeted two years ago and then stunned the league in getting back to the playoffs.
"You have no idea of how good I feel about what we did this year," said captain Andy Greene, who like Zajac was with the Devils when they reached the Stanley Cup Final in 2012. "We were a lot better. The way we competed every game down the stretch. We were fighting for each other. We were picked last in the division and last in the conference. We took that to heart. It's all part of the process. You don't go from the bottom to the top unless you work hard."
Hall carried the Devils this season, scoring points in 26 straight games in which he played. He finished with 39 goals and 54 assists. His 93 points were 41 more than the next closest player on the team, Hischier (20 goals, 32 assists).
"I knew he was a really good hockey player, but it was nothing like what I saw this year," said forward Marcus Johansson, who was limited to 29 games by concussions. "He was unbelievable day in and day out."
If Hall can match next season and young players like Hischier, Butcher, Myles Wood, Blake Coleman and Jesper Bratt improve and the work ethic remains the same, the Devils can easily make it back to the playoffs next season.
Here are some things to watch next season:
GOOD GOALTENDING: The Devils have two starters. Backup Keith Kinkaid had 16 wins in the final two months to secure the playoff berth. Cory Schneider, who lost the starting job after groin and hip injuries in January, was outstanding in the playoffs after taking over for Kinkaid in the second game.
FREE AGENCY: General manager Ray Shero has three big decisions with unrestricted free agents: forwards Patrick Maroon and Michael Grabner and defenseman John Moore. Maroon, who like Grabner was acquired in a deal near the trading deadline, played better and provided a net-front presence. Moore might be let go to create space for youngsters Mirco Mueller and Steven Santini.
Blake Coleman and Stefan Noesen, who were the wings on the checking line with Zajac, are restricted free agents along with Wood, who had 19 goals. Expect them back along with Santini, another restricted free agent.
HISCHIER: The 19-year-old can play. He's not in the same class as Connor McDavid or Austin Matthews. Still, he does all the little things and he will score more if he starts hitting the net.
DEFENSE: For the second straight year the Devils gave up 244 goals. That's too many. Sami Vatanen, who was acquired from Anaheim, helped the defense and was Greene's partner on the top pair. The defense needs a star and Shero may go after the Capitals' John Carlson.
___
Associated Press freelancer Jim Hague contributed to this report.
___
More NHL hockey: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
A man about the age of 32 suffered moderate wounds Monday evening, when he was stabbed on Haprachim Street in Ashdod.
The circumstances were not immediately clear. The Magen David Adom emergency service treated him and transported him to Kaplan Hospital in Rechovot.
Two men involved in a police chase killed after crashing a stolen car into a synagogue in Connecticut early Monday morning.
Two men involved in a police chase were killed when they crashed a stolen car into a synagogue in Connecticut early Monday morning.
According to the New Haven police department, the men claimed that they were carrying a handgun and stole a 2005 Toyota Highlander at about 12:15 a.m. Monday morning. The owner of the stolen vehicle was not injured.
The suspects led police on a chase through New Haven, which ended when they crashed the vehicle into the Congregation Beth El Keser Synagogue.
The New Haven police department announced that it was turning the case over to the Connecticut State Police.
A baby reportedly survived a nearly 10-story fall as residents scrambled to escape a massive blaze early Wednesday morning at a residential high-rise building in West London.
"A lady from what she was saying: 'I'm about to throw my baby. Please, catch the baby,'" one witness said.
On Wednesday, a fire engulfed the 24-story Grenfell Tower. More than 70 people were injured and 12 were killed, according to authorities.
Massive fire engulfs London high-rise, leaves at least 12 dead
The infant was reportedly caught by a bystander. Witnesses said they could see people screaming from windows: "Help! Help!"
Others said they saw mothers tossing their children from windows and people simply jumping. Images and videos showed residents dropping makeshift ropes made from bed sheets from windows in an attempt to escape.
Authorities said they are monitoring the stability of the charred structure, but that firefighters have managed to search "most" of the building for remaining people. The Metropolitan Police Service confirmed the rising death toll at a news conference Wednesday.
"I do anticipate that the number of fatalities will sadly increase beyond those 12," Police Commander Stuart Cundy said.
DHAKA, Bangladesh (AP) — Bangladesh captain Mashrafe Mortaza has been fined 20 per cent of his match fee for a breach the ICC code of conduct during the tri-nation one-day tournament final against Sri Lanka on Saturday.
Meanwhile, Sri Lanka opener Danushka Gunathilaka was given an official reprimand for another incident during the same game.
While this was Gunathilaka's first offence, Mashrafe has been sanctioned for the second time since the introduction of the revised code in September 2016.
The incident involving Mortaza took place during Sri Lanka's sixth over when the captain ran close to Kusal Mendis after he fell to Mehidy Hasan, yelling loudly and looking directly at the opener in a manner that could have provoked an aggressive reaction, an ICC press release said.
The incident involving Gunathilaka happened in the sixth over of Bangladesh's innings when, following the dismissal of Tamim Iqbal, he yelled loudly at the departing batsman, which prompted the opener to turn and face him.
Both players admitted the offences and accepted the sanctions proposed by David Boon of the Emirates Elite Panel of ICC Match Referees. Consequently, there was no need for a formal hearing.
ALAMEDA, Calif. (AP) -- If Sebastian Janikowski has his way, he'll still be kicking when he's 42 years old and the Raiders have moved to Las Vegas.
The 39-year-old Janikowski said Wednesday he wants to stay in the NFL until someone kicks him out. Janikowski has spent 17 seasons in Oakland and says he still wants to be playing when the team moves in 2020.
''I hope so, that's my goal,'' he said. ''That's not my decision.''
Janikowski would be 42 at the start of the 2020 season. Playing that long as a kicker is far from unprecedented. Indianapolis' Adam Vinatieri will turn 45 this season and former Raiders kicker George Blanda played his final game at the age of 48 in January 1976.
Janikowski was a first-round pick by the Raiders in 2000 and has been with the team ever since. After three straight playoff berths to start his career, Janikowski endured years of losing before getting back to the playoffs last year when Oakland lost in the first round to Houston.
Janikowski is still an effective kicker. He made 29 of 35 field goal attempts last season, missing just once inside of 50 yards. His 55 career field goals from at least 50 yards are the most in NFL history, passing Jason Hanson's previous record of 52.
Janikowski said he feels he is still improving and credits time in the weight room and the recent use of film to study his technique on the advice of special teams coach Brad Seely for his success.
''He's very receptive to coaching, he's very coachable, and I think it's his work ethic,'' Seely said. ''Guys don't stay in the league as long as he has without having a good work ethic. But until you actually coach him day-to-day, you see what this guy is all about, and there's a reason he's still playing at this level. He takes care of his body, he really works hard in practice, he wants to be good at his craft, and I can't say enough about him in that I've coached a lot of great kickers in my career, and you just put him in that list of guys.''
---
More AP NFL: http://pro32.ap.org and http://twitter.com/AP-NFL
The Latest on SpaceX launch to the International Space Station (all times local):
12:31 p.m.
A SpaceX capsule is rocketing to the International Space Station — carrying a few tons of research, plus ice cream.
SpaceX launched its unmanned Falcon 9 rocket Monday from Florida's Kennedy Space Center.
Experiments make up most of the 6,400 pounds of cargo. That includes 20 mice.
The Dragon — due at the station Wednesday — is also doubling as an ice cream truck this time. There was extra freezer space, so NASA packed little cups of vanilla, chocolate and birthday cake ice cream for the station's crew of six, as well as ice cream candy bars. Those treats should be especially welcomed by U.S. astronaut Peggy Whitson, who has been in orbit since November.
10 a.m.
SpaceX is about to launch a few tons of research to the International Space Station — plus ice cream.
An unmanned Falcon 9 rocket is scheduled to blast off at 12:31 p.m. Monday from Florida's Kennedy Space Center.
Experiments make up most of the 6,400 pounds of cargo. That includes 20 mice. The Dragon capsule is also doubling as an ice cream truck this time. There was extra freezer space, so NASA packed little cups of vanilla, chocolate and birthday cake ice cream for the station's crew of six, as well as ice cream candy bars. Those treats should be especially welcomed by U.S. astronaut Peggy Whitson, in orbit since November.
As usual on these cargo flights, SpaceX will try to land its leftover booster back at Cape Canaveral.
The impossible is now possible, French far right presidential candidate Marine Le Pen said in celebration the morning after Donald Trump won the U.S. presidency. But the Trump effect may not bring Le Pen the boost she had once expected.
That's in part because Trump has not turned out to be the soul mate Le Pen was counting on. Trump bombed Syria and abandoned support for President Bashar Assad, whom Le Pen backs. He alienated Russia even as Le Pen consolidated her alliance with Vladimir Putin. And Trump's administration has been fraught with internal troubles.
French voters have learned at least one thing from Trump's surprising victory and Britain's surprising vote to leave the European Union: They need to be ready for a surprise.
With only six days left before Sunday's first-round vote, polls show the four leading French candidates are so close in popularity that there's no clear front-runner. The top two candidates advance to a May 7 runoff.
Le Pen, campaigning against immigration and Europe's open borders, has a good chance of reaching the runoff but little chance of winning it — at least according to pollsters, who have suffered their own Trump effect after failing to predict his presidency.
Populists elsewhere in Europe have had mixed success in elections since November. Dutch voters rejected firebrand Geert Wilders, favoring the status quo. Bulgarians chose nationalists, and Italians voted against the establishment, while Austrian voters rejected a far right presidential contender.
In France, Trump's victory has given new focus to Le Pen's rivals.
Independent centrist Emmanuel Macron is framing himself as a bulwark against the nationalism and protectionism of Trump's America and Putin's Russia. He wants to reform the EU from within, he said last week, because "many foreign leaders openly want a weakening of Europe: Donald Trump, Vladimir Putin, as well as the main authoritarian leaders of the Middle East."
Other candidates are warning that Le Pen's dreams of leaving the EU and the euro would wipe out voters' savings and devastate the economy. French media pressured Le Pen last week for questioning whether the French state was really responsible for deporting tens of thousands of Jews to death in World War II during the Nazi occupation.
Le Pen enjoyed a boost from the Trump phenomenon — the rise of anti-establishment sentiment, especially from working classes who lost out from the globalization that transformed the world over the past generation. Le Pen has courted that electorate for years and saw Trump's election as vindication of that strategy.
Hours after Trump was elected, Le Pen said, "What happened tonight is not the end of the world, it's the end of a (certain) world." She called his victory and the Brexit vote "democratic choices that bury the ancient order and are as many stones to build the world of tomorrow."
She also plays to security fears after a string of deadly Islamic extremist attacks on France.
But the Trump presidency has shown that implementing populist promises isn't as easy as it seems. And Trump's own reversals have frustrated Le Pen.
"We have seen that Trump's latest positions are so contrary to what Marine Le Pen had hoped," said Thierry de Montbrial, president of the French Institute of International Relations. Nationalist candidates "no longer recognize themselves" in Trump anymore.
Le Pen distanced herself from Trump after the U.S. missile strikes on Syria earlier this month, angry that he is trying to be "the world's policeman."
Trump's reversal on NATO — which he once called obsolete — also frustrates Le Pen. She wants to pull France out of its command structure and sees the alliance as an unnecessary threat to Russia now that the Soviet Union is defunct.
"If there is a Trump effect on the campaign, it is that in many minds, it's assumed that anything is possible," said Emmanuel Riviere, director of Kantar Public's polling in France. "It's not unreasonable to have a victory of a candidate who is improbably excessive, and unexpected."
Le Pen's electorate is not an exact mirror of Trump's, though they both attract support from "white people whose social standing has fallen," Riviere said.
She doesn't have a powerful party machine like that of Trump's Republicans, and has less support from older generations who supported Trump. But Le Pen enjoys more support from youth.
Riviere said any lingering Trump effect on the French campaign could also favor other candidates, such as far-left Jean-Luc Melenchon, who rails against free trade. Or conservative Francois Fillon, who has adopted Trump-style criticism of the media and a justice system he said is conspiring against him.
"We are in a very unprecedented moment in French politics," Riviere said. "This presidential term will be something we have never seen before."
On Monday, President and Melania Trump hosted their first annual White House Easter Egg roll. Both addressed the crowd of thousands on the White House South Lawn.
10:32 Reported News Briefs Tevet 4, 5777 , 02/01/17 Tevet 4, 5777 , 02/01/17 Father refuses to permit autopsies of daughters Read more
Police turn to court to overrule religious father's objection to autopsies. ► ◄ Last Briefs
Police in El Salvador have arrested the domestic partner of a journalist killed over the weekend.
National Police director Howard Cotto said Tuesday that Mario Huezo Portillo has been arrested for killing journalist Karla Lisseth Turcios.
Prosecutor Max Munoz says cameras traced Huezo Portillo when he went to dump the woman's body.
Turcios worked for El Economista, part of La Prensa Grafica media group in the gang-plagued Central American nation.
Huezo Portillo initially told police that he and their son left her resting at home around 12:30 p.m. Saturday. He said when they returned, Turcios had disappeared and did not answer her cellphone or respond to messages.
The 33-year-old journalist's body was found hours later on a highway northeast of the Salvadoran capital, San Salvador.
Police said was strangled.
22:11 Reported News Briefs Tevet 4, 5777 , 02/01/17 Tevet 4, 5777 , 02/01/17 Arutz Sheva readers share their Hannukah videos Read more
Arutz Sheva readers from around the world share their Hanukkah videos. ► ◄ Last Briefs
Unsplash/UPROXX
There are certain ways that summer announces its presence. For some, it's how everything smells like sunscreen. For others, it's a warm breeze that says “Hey, it's time to take this dinner outside.” And for others still, it's a clarion call from the ocean, a lazy whisper that urges the listener to slow down, take time off, and spend a season (or at least a week) sprawled on the sand. Do you hear it? There are castles to be built and beers to be drunk. There are waves to surf and boardwalks to explore. And at night you can fall asleep under the stars (or at least with the window open), with sand in your hair and the promise of another day in paradise come morning.
Sounds great, right? But the beach can. be. expensive. Can you afford to take a week off in one of America's most idyllic water-adjacent towns? We've done the math for you, so start drafting a letter to HR (or transferring money from your savings), here are ten beach towns where you can stay for less than $1,000 a week.
Myrtle Beach, South Carolina
My first time being to the beach , was a great adventure with my friends 😁⛱🏝🏖 A post shared by *$Bruhh$* Dalton *$Bruhh$* (@dalton_vann99) on Jun 7, 2017 at 1:19pm PDT
With 60 miles of beach, shimmering waters, and plenty of space for all of your favorite summer activities (volleyball, grilling, just laying out on a blanket and reading), Myrtle Beach is the perfect getaway for anyone looking to hit the water. AirBnbs range from $69 for beachfront condos for two to $95 for oceanfront “romance suites,” and while you may need to move around a little during your stay if you want the cheapest prices (all part of the adventure!), you could share a two-bed apartment with a friend for $200 a night or less.
Don't mind a hotel? You could be chilling in a waterfront rental for as little as $534 for five nights.
Albay Rep. Edcel Lagman on Monday expressed his misgivings over the statement of Health Secretary Paulyn Jean Ubial that the steep drop in firecracker injuries was due to the public's fear of President Rodrigo Duterte and possible punishment from the government.
While Lagman, a member of the independent minority bloc in the House of Representatives, congratulated the Department of Health (DOH) for the decline in firecracker injuries, he also said that “compliance with the campaign of the authorities against the use of powerful firecrackers due to fear of reprisal from President Duterte is not at all edifying.”
“Imposed submission to law and order due to fear does not signify discipline,” he said in a statement.
ADVERTISEMENT
“Moreover, attributing compliance to fear demeans the Filipino's innate character and capacity to observe law and order,” he added.
The DOH reported a 60-percent drop to just 350 people injured during the New Year's Day revelry.
Ubial had touted the figure as the biggest drop in a decade, but Inquirer research showed only an 8.8-percent downturn compared with the same period last year, with more reports expected in the coming days. —Nikko Dizon/Philippine Daily Inquirer
LaMelo Ball and LiAngelo Ball will soon be off to Europe to join Lithuanian club Prienu Vytautas on one-year deals, per The Vertical's Shams Charania.
Nearly everything about the team and its locale—from the players, coaches and arena to the language and food in the village—will be foreign to LaVar Ball's youngest boys, except for one thing: a hothead coach with family ties to his own roster.
Virginijus Šeškus, the head coach at BC Prienai, has been described as “the LaVar Ball of Lithuania,” and it's easy to see why.
Virginijus Seskus, coach of Prienu Vytautas, who is considering signing LiAngelo and LaMelo Ball, has been described to me as "the LaVar Ball of Lithuania". Very high energy guy apparently. Loves to get technical fouls. They'll get along great, despite him speaking no english. — Jonathan Givony (@DraftExpress) December 11, 2017
Earlier this season, Šeškus was ejected from a game and the players then left the court, resulting in a forfeit for the team.
LaVar Ball had a similar incident during an AAU game this past summer, when he argued with a referee, was ejected for doing so and immediately pulled his Big Ballers from the court.
Sign up Like this article? Sign up for the Lonzo Wire email newsletter to get our top stories in your inbox every morning Success Thanks for signing up.
You'll be waking up a little more awesome tomorrow. Whoa! Something went wrong. Try again?
But that's not all the two have in common. The head coach of the squad also has two sons who are professional basketball players. Both have now played for their father.
Domantas Šeškus, 25, played for his father on Vytautas for two seasons. He is now on the roster for Cognac Charente Basket Ball.
I wonder if Virginijus Seskus is a Big Baller 🤔 — Nick Angstadt 🌳 (@NickVanExit) December 11, 2017
Edvinas Šeškus, 22, is Domantas' younger brother and currently plays for his father Virginijus on BC Prienai. He averages 27.3 minutes per game as the team's starter at shooting guard—the same position LiAngelo plays.
That connection could be a drain Gelo's court time. So could the Ball boys' inability to speak Lithuanian to a coach, in Šeškus, who reportedly does not speak English.
Billy Baron, a former American college player who played for Seskus at BC Lietuvos rytas and competed for Team USA at the 2017 FIBA Americup, shared his experience with the current BC Prienai coach on Twitter. He was told through a translator he would not receive much playing time because the coach doesn't speak much English.
He had me my rookie year for a different club there, told me through our assistant during training camp that he wouldn't play me much because he couldn't speak to me. — Billy Baron (@Billy_Baron) December 11, 2017
Either way, the Big Baller Brand reps would not be expected to play much in the Lithuanian League (LKL), where Vytautas is off to a 4-9 start.
Per ESPN's Adrian Wojnarowski and Jonathan Givony, they could see “20-to-25 minutes” in the Baltic League (BBL), where the club is 3-1—the lone loss coming in the aforementioned forfeit.
The 5,900-mile journey from Chino Hills to southern Lithuania could be treacherous for Gelo and Melo. And the path back to L.A. as part of LaVar's “master plan” to get all three of his sons on the Los Angeles Lakers is far from guaranteed.
All that's certain is, whatever happens, it will be caught on camera, and should be wildly entertaining.
I don't know about you guys, but I would watch the hell out of a reality TV show of the Ball brothers in the Lithuanian village, surrounded by non-english speakers, w/LaVar in the stands (potentially mic'd up) watching them in the Baltic League. Has to be the end game here right? — Jonathan Givony (@DraftExpress) December 11, 2017
We'll see what happens when the boys report to BC Prienai in early January.
BOONE, N.C.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--The longleaf pine was once the dominant tree species in the Southeastern United States, covering more than 90 million acres and supporting nearly 900 different plant species. By the 1970s, the longleaf ecosystem had decreased to less than 3 million acres and included dozens of threatened and endangered species. Through reforestation efforts, the longleaf forest now covers 4.7 million acres, and a new partnership between Appalachian Mountain Brewery (AMB) and The Longleaf Alliance will help restore up to 80,000 more trees across the southeast over the next five years.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006396/en/
Appalachian Mountain Brewery's Long Leaf IPA is helping The Longleaf Alliance restore thousands of longleaf pines across the southeast. (Photo: Business Wire)
Drink a Pint, Plant a Pine
As part of the partnership, AMB and The Longleaf Alliance collaborated on “Drink a Pint, Plant a Pine,” a unique program that unites beer and wilderness enthusiasts in an effort to restore the longleaf pine ecosystem. AMB's flagship Long Leaf IPA, which takes its name from North Carolina's state toast, was a natural fit for the program. For every case of AMB Long Leaf IPA sold at retail – or the case equivalent of pints sold at bars and restaurants – The Longleaf Alliance will plant one longleaf pine. To date, sales of Long Leaf IPA have supported the planting of 15,000 longleaf seedlings.
“Long Leaf IPA was born out of the North Carolina State Toast, which celebrates the ‘land of the long leaf pine,'” said AMB Head Brewer Chris Zieber. “Making a positive impact on the local community through our craft beer is AMB's way of sharing the spirit of the words written in the toast. We couldn't be happier to partner with a group like The Longleaf Alliance to help restore and protect the landscape that so many millions of people enjoy and inhabit.”
“I commend Appalachian Mountain Brewery for its long history of dedication and commitment to sustainability, community involvement and philanthropy,” said Longleaf Alliance President Robert Abernethy. “AMB is leading the community by example. As a fellow Tarheel, I am proud to add Appalachian Mountain Brewery to our growing list of corporate conservation partners, a partnership that will allow The Longleaf Alliance to plant longleaf seedlings in North Carolina and make significant strides in restoring the longleaf landscape that has been so important to the people of North Carolina since the state's founding.”
April 27 National Arbor Day Fundraising Event
AMB and The Longleaf Alliance are celebrating the partnership with a special fundraising event on Arbor Day, Friday, April 27 th at Sam's Bottle Shop in Durham, NC from 6-8pm. During the event, representatives from AMB and The Longleaf Alliance will be available to share updates on their partnership and longleaf restoration progress. Proceeds from beer sales during the celebration will go towards The Longleaf Alliance. More information about the event can be found here.
Last year, The Longleaf Alliance worked with partners and landowners across nine states that comprise the Southeastern longleaf range to assist with the planting of approximately 1.8 million longleaf seedlings on 3,220 acres and prescribed burns on 44,000 acres. Throughout 2018, the “Drink a Pint, Plant a Tree” program will support numerous Longleaf Alliance planting events that will allow The Longleaf Alliance to get closer to its vision of eight million acres of longleaf pine by 2024.
About Appalachian Mountain Brewery
Nestled in the High Country of North Carolina, Appalachian Mountain Brewery, LLC, is Boone, NC's Beer Pioneer. The brewery is dedicated to making seriously delicious craft beer while focusing its business model on community, sustainability and philanthropy. We support the Can So You Can Foundation, a 501(c)3 started by AMB CEO Sean Spiegelman, and help local nonprofits via our Pints for Non-Profits program in the taproom. These programs are integral to AMB's commitment to empowering local organizations working to enrich the land, water, air and people of the High Country. Appalachian Mountain Brewery has earned numerous awards for its innovative craft beers and ciders, including Boone Creek Blonde Ale, which won a Gold Medal at the U.S. Open Beer Championships in 2015 and a Gold Medal at the 2017 Great American Beer Festival Competition. The brewery's core portfolio also includes Long Leaf IPA, Spoaty Oaty Pale Ale, and Porter, which is a gold medal winner at the Great International Beer and Cider Competition.
About The Longleaf Alliance
The Longleaf Alliance is a 501(c)(3) conservation nonprofit. Our primary objectives include: outreach, education, habitat management, protection and restoration. We are the only conservation nonprofit organization solely dedicated to restoring the longleaf ecosystems of the South. Since its origin in 1995, The Longleaf Alliance has used education, outreach, research, direct involvement and hands-on experience to develop and provide the best available information and support to landowners, resource managers, policymakers, educators, scientists and the public. We also connect members of the longleaf community to pertinent research findings that can help them overcome management challenges. Our focus has expanded to include management and maintenance of existing longleaf pine forests, management of prescribed fire and planting longleaf seedlings to start the next forest. With the help of our partners, we allocated 85% of income to programs and services last year, a figure that increases steadily and of which we are quite proud.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006396/en/
CONTACT: Appalachian Mountain Brewery
Carrie Greer
carrie@amb.beer
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA NORTH CAROLINA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: NATURAL RESOURCES AGRICULTURE PHILANTHROPY ENVIRONMENT RETAIL WINE & SPIRITS FOUNDATION FUND RAISING
SOURCE: Appalachian Mountain Brewery, LLC
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 02:38 PM/DISC: 04/24/2018 02:38 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006396/en
BAGUIO CITY—In her bid to convince the Supreme Court to order her release, Senator Leila de Lima said government officials are going after her to fulfill President Rodrigo Duterte's promise to make her rot in jail.
Based on her 64-page memorandum, De Lima said the government used the “strong arm of the law…to file charges that are manifestly false before a court that is manifestly without jurisdiction.”
The senator said the charges were fake that even the Department of Justice (DOJ) and the Office of the Solicitor General (OSG) were confused on the actual charges filed against her.
ADVERTISEMENT
READ: Gov't lawyers disagree on De Lima case
De Lima, together with her former driver and boyfriend Ronnie Dayan and former National Bureau of Investigation (NBI) Deputy Director and officer-in-charge of the Bureau of Corrections (BuCor) Rafael Ragos, is facing a case for violation of Republic Act 9165 or the Comprehensive Dangerous Drugs Act of 2002 particularly Section 5 (sale) in relation to Section 3 (jj trading), Section 26 (b) and Section 28 or the criminal liability of government officials and employees before the Muntinlupa Regional Trial Court Branch 204. The case against the three was in connection with the proliferation of drugs inside the New Bilibid Prison (NBP).
But Solicitor General Jose Calida said De Lima actually committed the crime of conspiracy to commit trading in illegal drugs.
“The OSG and DOJ should not be allowed to surreptitiously and fundamentally alter the cause of the accusation against Petitioner [De Lima] in violation of the 1987 Constitution and the Rules of Court,” De Lima said through her lawyers led by former Solicitor General Florin Hilbay.
READ: De Lima lawyers ask high court to free her
The senator told the high court that the “OSG and DOJ cannot continue with this circus and the Honorable Court should not be a party to it.”
The government has not amended the information or charge sheet filed before the Muntinlupa RTC but the case against De Lima has been amended through a manifestation before the high court.
“In plain terms, the Petitioner was charged and arrested for the wrong crime. She must therefore be released without delay as every moment of confinement is unconstitutional,” the senator told the high court.
ADVERTISEMENT
De Lima's camp also insisted that it is the Sandiganbayan which has jurisdiction over the drug complaint filed against her and not the Regional Trial Court of Muntinlupa City.
The charge sheet, according to her memorandum narrates corruption, not drug trading.
The case against the senator mentioned that she has received millions from the drug lords operating inside Bilibid.
Furthermore, the petitioner said Muntinlupa City RTC Branch 204 Judge Juanita Guerrero committed grave abuse of discretion in finding probable cause by issuing a warrant of arrest against her.
De Lima noted that Guerrero issued the arrest warrant on February 23, 2017 despite the pendency of her motion to quash the information filed against her on the ground of the RTC's lack of jurisdiction.
The petitioner also justified her decision to immediately elevate the matter before the court despite the pendency of her motion to quash the information before the Muntinlupa RTC.
The senator said the policy on hierarchy of courts is “not an iron-clad rule” and “not inflexible” and the “Supreme Court has full discretionary power to take cognizance of certiorari actions filed directly with it for exceptionally compelling reasons.”
“The instant petition is a matter of national interest and has serious implications, given the questions involved which were triggered by the remarkably unusual positions taken by the legal departments of the government,” she stressed.
“The instant petition clearly involves questions of law, the resolution of which will not only affect petitioner but all citizens in the country,” she added.
The court earlier held oral arguments on De Lima's petitions and directed the parties to submit their respective memoranda before it comes out with a ruling on the issue. IDL/rga
A crew of six people spent three weeks dismantling a 70-foot dinosaur replica in Natural History Museum in London.The life sized diplodocus replica, known as Dippy, was shown being taken apart in a time-lapse video. The dinosaur is scheduled to go on tour across the U.K.
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Tampa Bay 49 34 12 3 71 175 125 Boston 47 29 10 8 66 156 116 Washington 49 29 15 5 63 150 138 Toronto 51 28 18 5 61 162 146 Columbus 49 27 19 3 57 131 137 Pittsburgh 51 27 21 3 57 151 153 New Jersey 48 24 16 8 56 144 146 Philadelphia 49 24 17 8 56 141 141 N.Y. Rangers 50 25 20 5 55 153 151 N.Y. Islanders 51 25 21 5 55 173 184 Carolina 49 22 19 8 52 137 154 Florida 48 20 22 6 46 136 159 Detroit 48 19 21 8 46 126 146 Montreal 49 20 23 6 46 129 156 Ottawa 47 15 23 9 39 124 166 Buffalo 49 14 26 9 37 114 163 WESTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Vegas 48 32 12 4 68 164 128 Winnipeg 50 29 13 8 66 164 136 Nashville 47 29 11 7 65 145 123 St. Louis 51 30 18 3 63 148 130 Dallas 50 28 18 4 60 155 134 San Jose 48 26 15 7 59 143 133 Calgary 49 25 16 8 58 137 135 Colorado 48 27 18 3 57 157 139 Minnesota 49 26 18 5 57 144 140 Los Angeles 49 26 18 5 57 139 121 Anaheim 50 24 17 9 57 141 141 Chicago 49 23 19 7 53 146 136 Edmonton 49 22 24 3 47 135 157 Vancouver 49 19 24 6 44 127 159 Arizona 50 12 29 9 33 118 172
NOTE: Two points for a win, one point for overtime loss. Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs.
Monday's Games No games scheduled
Tuesday's Games
Florida 4, N.Y. Islanders 1
Carolina 2, Ottawa 1
New Jersey 3, Buffalo 1
Minnesota at Columbus, 7 p.m.
San Jose at Pittsburgh, 7 p.m.
Anaheim at Boston, 7 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Montreal at St. Louis, 8 p.m.
Chicago at Nashville, 8 p.m.
Los Angeles at Dallas, 8:30 p.m.
Vegas at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Colorado at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
N.Y. Islanders at Toronto, 7:30 p.m.
San Jose at Detroit, 8 p.m.
Philadelphia at Washington, 8 p.m.
Thursday's Games
Toronto at N.Y. Rangers, 7 p.m.
Montreal at Carolina, 7 p.m.
St. Louis at Boston, 7 p.m.
Florida at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Anaheim at Ottawa, 7 p.m.
Philadelphia at New Jersey, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Los Angeles at Nashville, 8:30 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Dallas at Arizona, 9 p.m.
Colorado at Edmonton, 9 p.m.
Chicago at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Friday's Games
Washington at Pittsburgh, 7 p.m.
Detroit at Carolina, 7 p.m.
San Jose at Columbus, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
EDINBURG, Texas (AP) — Police in Texas acting on a tip found 16 immigrants locked inside a tractor-trailer parked at a gas station about 20 miles (30 kilometers) from the border with Mexico, less than a month after 10 people died in the back of a hot truck in San Antonio.
Edinburg Assistant Police Chief Oscar Trevino says the immigrants may have been locked inside the 18-wheeler in Edinburg for at least eight hours before being freed by officers late Sunday morning. He had earlier said there were 17 immigrants locked in the tractor-trailer before correcting the number on Monday to 16.
Trevino said none of the people inside the tractor-trailer required medical attention. He said they were hungry and thirsty and were given food and water at the scene.
Those found locked in the tractor-trailer included eight people from El Salvador, six from Mexico and two from Romania, said Manuel Padilla, U.S. Customs and Border Protection's Border Patrol sector chief for the Rio Grande Valley at Texas' southernmost point.
A man and woman who Trevino said are Cuban nationals were in charge of the rig and have been detained.
U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement spokeswoman Nina Pruneda said no one has been charged yet in connection with the case but that the agency is working with state and local officials and talking to witnesses.
The discovery comes three weeks after 10 people died in a sweltering rig parked at a Walmart in San Antonio. Immigration officials say survivors estimated 100 people had been packed into the back of the 18-wheeler at one point. Officials said 39 people were inside when rescuers arrived, and the rest either escaped or hitched rides to their next destination. Nearly 20 of those rescued from the rig were hospitalized in dire condition, many suffering from extreme dehydration and heatstroke. The driver of that rig remains in federal custody, charged with illegally transporting immigrants for financial gain, resulting in death.
On Sunday, Edinburg police went to the gas station, a popular stopover for commercial truck drivers traveling through the region, after receiving an anonymous call from someone saying a relative was trapped inside the tractor-trailer. Officers began knocking on the sides of trailers parked at the station and eventually received return knocks from the one holding the immigrants, police said.
The San Antonio incident demonstrated how smugglers regularly use big rigs in an elaborate network of foot guides, safe house operators and drivers. The immigrants discovered in San Antonio had been divided into groups and marked with color-coded tape. Six black SUVs were waiting at one transit point to take some to their destinations.
Authorities have not said if similar arrangements had been made for the immigrants found in Edinburg, about 230 miles (370 kilometers) south of San Antonio.
Trevino said that they discovered the immigrants after one of the people locked in the tractor-trailer called a relative in Mexico. The relative then called authorities.
Padilla declined to say if Sunday's incident was related to the San Antonio case, citing the ongoing investigation. But he said authorities had stopped more than 30 tractor-trailers since October in the Rio Grande Valley. That doesn't include Laredo, the Texas border city where authorities say the driver of the trailer in the San Antonio case said he stopped twice on his journey.
“You don't know how many you miss,” Padilla told The Associated Press on Monday. “But … the use of tractor-trailers to smuggle people out of this area is higher in South Texas, to include Laredo, than any other area along the border. And it goes right back to a weak border.”
Most people apprehended crossing the United States' southern border are caught in the Rio Grande Valley, which includes more than 300 miles (480 kilometers) of the Rio Grande, the river separating the United States and Mexico.
Border apprehensions have risen each month since falling in April to a 17-year low.
Tractor-trailers emerged as a popular smuggling method in the early 1990s amid a surge in U.S. border enforcement in San Diego and El Paso, Texas, which were then the busiest corridors for illegal crossings. Before that, people paid small fees to mom-and-pop operators to get them across a largely unguarded border. As crossing became exponentially more difficult after the 2001 terror strikes in the U.S., migrants were led through more dangerous terrain and paid thousands of dollars more.
___
Sign up for the AP's weekly newsletter showcasing our best reporting from the Midwest and Texas: http://apne.ws/2u1RMfv
___
This version of the story has been corrected to say there were 16 people inside the locked tractor-trailer instead of 17.
Renowned indigenous activist and leader Winona LaDuke comes to CMC in Edwards on February 21st. Click here for more information and tickets.
15:23 Reported News Briefs Av 22, 5777 , 14/08/17 Av 22, 5777 , 14/08/17 'It's a shame Dad isn't with us' Read more For the first time since the terror attack which murdered their father, the Salomon children have some summer fun. ► ◄ Last Briefs
In a one-two punch elating religious conservatives, President Donald Trump's administration is allowing more employers to opt out of no-cost birth control for workers and issuing sweeping religious-freedom directions that could override many anti-discrimination protections for LGBT people and others.
At a time when Trump finds himself embattled on many fronts, the two directives — issued almost simultaneously on Friday — demonstrated the president's eagerness to retain the loyalty of social conservatives who make up a key part of his base. Leaders of that constituency were exultant.
"President Trump is demonstrating his commitment to undoing the anti-faith policies of the previous administration and restoring true religious freedom," said Tony Perkins, president of the Family Research Council.
Liberal advocacy groups, including those supporting LGBT and reproductive rights, were outraged.
"The Trump administration is saying to employers, 'If you want to discriminate, we have your back,'" said Fatima Goss Graves, president of National Women's Law Center.
Her organization is among several that are planning to challenge the birth-control rollback in court. The American Civil Liberties Union filed such a lawsuit less than three hours after the rules were issued.
"The Trump administration is forcing women to pay for their boss' religious beliefs," said ACLU senior staff attorney Brigitte Amiri. "We're filing this lawsuit because the federal government cannot authorize discrimination against women in the name of religion or otherwise."
The Democratic attorneys general of California and Massachusetts filed similar suits later Friday.
Both directives had been in the works for months, with activists on both sides of a culture war on edge about the timing and the details.
The religious-liberty directive, issued by Attorney General Jeff Sessions, instructs federal agencies to do as much as possible to accommodate those who claim their religious freedoms are being violated. The guidance effectively lifts a burden from religious objectors to prove that their beliefs about marriage or other topics that affect various actions are sincerely held.
"Except in the narrowest circumstances, no one should be forced to choose between living out his or her faith and complying with the law," Sessions wrote.
In what is likely to be one of the more contested aspects of the document, the Justice Department states that religious organizations can hire workers based on religious beliefs and an employee's willingness "to adhere to a code of conduct." Many conservative Christian schools and faith-based agencies require employees to adhere to moral codes that ban sex outside marriage and same-sex relationships, among other behavior.
The Alliance Defending Freedom, a conservative Christian law firm, called it "a great day for religious freedom." But JoDee Winterhof of the Human Rights Campaign, a national LGBT-rights group, depicted the two directives as "an all-out assault, on women, LGBT people and others" as the administration fulfilled a "wish list" of the religious right.
The new policy on contraception, issued by the Department of Health and Human Services, allows more categories of employers, including publicly traded companies, to opt out of providing no-cost birth control to women by claiming religious or moral objections — another step in rolling back President Barack Obama's health care law that required most companies to cover birth control at no additional cost.
Employers with religious or moral qualms will also be able to cover some birth control methods, and not others. Experts said that could interfere with efforts to promote modern long-acting implantable contraceptives, such as IUDs, which are more expensive.
The top Democrat in the House of Representatives, Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, said the birth-control rollback was despicable.
"This administration's contempt for women reaches a new low with this appalling decision to enable employers and health plans to deny women basic coverage for contraception," she said.
On the Republican side, however, House Speaker Paul Ryan welcomed the decision, calling it "a landmark day for religious liberty."
The new policy took effect on Friday, but its impact won't be known immediately and may not be dramatic.
"I can't imagine that many employers are going to be willing to certify that they have a moral objection to standard birth control methods," said Dan Mendelson, president of the consulting firm Avalere Health.
Nonetheless, he worried that the new rules would set a precedent for undermining basic health benefits required under federal law. The administration has estimated that some 200 employers who have already voiced objections to the Obama-era policy would qualify for the expanded opt-out, and that 120,000 women would be affected.
Since contraception became a covered preventive benefit, the share of female employees paying with their own money for birth control pills has plunged to 3 percent, according to the Kaiser Family Foundation.
Many Catholic hospitals now rely on an Obama-era workaround under which the government pays for the cost of birth control coverage. That workaround can continue under the new rules.
Despite that workaround, there have been extensive legal battles waged by religious institutions and other parties challenging the birth-control mandate. The U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops hailed the new policy as a "return to common sense" that would enhance "peaceful coexistence" between church and state.
Doctors' groups that were instrumental in derailing Republican plans to repeal Obama's health law outright expressed their dismay.
The American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists said the new policy could reverse the recent progress in lowering the nation's rate of unintended pregnancies.
"Instead of fulfilling its mission 'to enhance and protect the health and well-being of all Americans,' HHS leaders under the current administration are focused on turning back the clock on women's health," said the organization's president, Dr. Haywood Brown.
———
Crary reported from New York. Associated Press writers Sadie Gurman and Eric Tucker in Washington and Religion Writer Rachel Zoll in New York contributed to this report.
Transcript for Amid dozens of sightings, girl bitten by shark in Myrtle Beach
Thank you. To anotheroliday concern as millions of Americans hit the beach, sh, the latest scareou're looking at in a popular van spot, Myrtle Beach and a girl injured innattack. The after caught on cell phone video. This comes amid dozens of shark sightings othcoasts. Reporter: Thean said S heard scs. The fami of this girl crying for help. Then she claims she saw a Finn the water where the was swimming headed over to that shark bite. Reporter: Iturned terrifying for this young girl repoedly bit by a shark. A rescue teen tending to her leg. The starred screangshark, SHAR Reporter:his is just the latest I summer beach season. On CAPD, 11 great whi sharks seen offsre in the past week. One beach temporarily clothed. This S spotted by the U.S. Ast guard off the coast of Maine Tuesday and in Diego, three sharks reported just a week after a sharkk ae out of awoman's canoe. Fell tug on mypaddle. That's when I screamed like a little girl. Reporter: But back at Myrtle Beach it wasn't eh to keep beachgoers out ofsurf. What'so shocking after man minutes a lot of people went in the water. Reporter: The South Carolina department of nal resources saysblk-tipped ark, bull ks and tiger sharks are all common alonghe stretch of coastline and all can pose a threat to PEOP.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Leighton golfers have been shooting flocks of birdies in club competitions in a bid to pot a plump turkey in time for Christmas.
Top finishers in a range of medal, stableford and mixed competitions qualify for one of the locally reared table toppers, with 38 birdies being bagged by the 91 competitors in the Midweek medal last Wednesday won by Stephen Maddison with a nett 67, one clear of David Sweetnam and David Banwell.
With 20 prime oven-ready birds up for grabs, more went to the top finishers of the annual Mixed Medal event.
Top finishers were club Vice Captain Jeremy Taylor and partner Rosemary Hartnell with a score of 68.5, a shot clear of runners-up, immediate Past President John Preston and wife Sue.
Avril Simpson, who has just completed her year as Ladies Captain, was third with husband Tony with 70.5, a shot clear of Mick and Marilyn Myatt whose 71.5 included a two shot penalty after a ball mix-up two holes from home.
Turkeys for top place finishers in other club competitions have yet to be decided.
Ex-Captain Adrian Stephenson teamed up with Simon Thornton to win Leighton's Rosebery Cup, beating Gareth McCready and Bryan Bateman by two holes having been four up at one stage.
The Leighton club goes “international” today (Tues) when America-born Patti Marriott is installed as Captain of the 100-strong Ladies section in a drive-in ceremony organised by her “vice” Carmen White-Lawes.
A week after being pipped by Niki Clark by a point for top spot in Leighton Ladies stableford, Sylvia Coward reversed the tables to beat vice captain Carmen White-Lawes by 39pts to 38, both getting their handicaps cut by shot.
Outgoing Senior Section Captain David Debell has named club stalwart Geoff Allatt as his Clubman of the Year. Geoff, 86, played in 12 Senior matches during the year, losing only four, and plays regularly with club colleagues and in competitions and with local societies.
LAS VEGAS (AP) — Casino mogul Steve Wynn is under investigation after sexual misconduct allegations were leveled against him, Nevada gambling regulators announced Tuesday.
The Wall Street Journal reported Friday that a number of women said they were harassed or assaulted by Wynn, and that one case led to a $7.5 million settlement with a manicurist.
Wynn has vehemently denied the allegations, which he attributed to a campaign led by his ex-wife.
The state Gaming Control Board said in a statement that it opened the investigation after completing a review, but it did not provide any further details. Its chairwoman, Becky Harris, declined to answer questions from The Associated Press seeking additional information.
"The Nevada Gaming Control Board will conduct its investigation in a thorough and judicious manner," according to the statement from the three-member panel.
State gambling regulations provide grounds for disciplinary action if any activity from the licensed operator, its agents or employees is deemed "inimical to the public health, safety, morals, good order and general welfare" of Nevada residents or discrediting of the state and its gambling industry.
Regulators could potentially levy fines against the company, place conditions on its license or even revoke it.
At the same time, the board of directors of Wynn Resorts has said a committee of independent directors would investigate the allegations. It will be headed by Patricia Mulroy, a Wynn Resorts board member and a former member of the Nevada Gaming Commission.
Nevada Gov. Brian Sandoval, who appoints the members of the board, on Tuesday told The Associated Press he was "disturbed, saddened and deeply troubled" by the allegations.
"There is no place and there should be zero tolerance for sexual harassment in the workplace," he said. "As governor, I will continue to work to ensure that all Nevadans work in a safe and respectful environment. Anything less is unacceptable."
Since 2013, Wynn has contributed nearly $2.4 million to GOP candidates and party organizations around the country, including Sandoval and 2017 special election winners. Some Republicans in Congress, including Nevada's Dean Heller, have already announced they are donating contributions they received from Wynn to charity.
Wynn resigned Saturday as finance chairman of the Republican National Committee.
The union representing more than 50,000 casino workers in Las Vegas, including 5,500 housekeepers, cooks, bartenders and food and cocktail servers at Wynn's two casino-hotels, plans to strengthen the language against sexual harassment in contracts when it begins negotiations next month with the majority of operators, but not Wynn Resorts. The contracts of the company's unionized workers are not up for negotiations yet.
"We are deeply disturbed by these accusations against Steve Wynn and support a full and fair investigation regarding these allegations," Geoconda Argüello-Kline, the Culinary Union secretary-treasurer, said in a statement. The organization will also ask "panic buttons" for every housekeeper.
Gambling regulators in Massachusetts, where Wynn's company is building a roughly $2 billion casino just outside Boston, are also looking into the allegations.
In addition, the China arm of Wynn's casino empire has said it will comply with Macau regulators as they seek more information. Macau, a former Portuguese colony near Hong Kong, is the world's most lucrative casino market and the main source of profits for Wynn and other foreign gambling companies.
___
Follow Regina Garcia Cano on Twitter at https://twitter.com/reginagarciakNO
A wireless update of antilock braking software improved the stopping distance of Tesla's electric Model 3, prompting Consumer Reports to reverse course and give the car its "Recommended Buy" rating.
The magazine said Wednesday that the update cut 19 feet off the car's stopping distance from 60 miles per hour. A previous test — the results of which were released a little more than a week ago — found that it took 152 feet for the Model S compact car to stop from 60, the longest braking distance of any modern car the magazine has tested.
The improved braking raised the car's score high enough for it to receive the coveted recommendation. But Consumer Reports still has concerns over wind noise, a stiff ride, and the touch-screen controls that could distract a driver.
After the first round of testing was made public, Tesla CEO Elon Musk promised to fix the problem within days. Consumer Reports says it was told by Tesla that the software helps the brakes adapt to variations in how they are used and how they respond in different environmental conditions.
On Twitter Wednesday, Musk wrote that he appreciates the "high-quality critical feedback" from Consumer Reports and said that noise and ride comfort already had been addressed. Another software update will address the controls, he wrote, without elaborating.
Musk told the magazine last week that Tesla had already made production changes to address wind noise, the harsh ride and an uncomfortable rear seat, Consumer Reports said in a statement. Consumer Reports said it will rent another Model 3 from Tesla to check on the changes and will report back on the results. The magazine bought a Model 3 for the first test and said it doesn't normally rent test vehicles.
The Model 3 is Tesla's first attempt to appeal to mass-market buyers. The car that starts at $35,000 but can run as high as $78,000 has been plagued by production delays.
Tesla's software update was done either via the car's cellular connection or a wireless internet link, depending on how the owner configures the car, according to Tesla.
Jake Fisher, Consumer Reports' director of auto testing, said that in 19 years of work for the magazine he has not seen a car's track performance improve with a wireless update.
Musk pledged in a tweet last week that the braking improvements would make the Model 3 best in its class. But Consumer Reports said the stopping distance was not class leading and the further updates may be necessary.
The magazine also said nearly all of the Model 3's controls are on a center touch screen direction with no gauges on the dashboard and few buttons inside the car. This forces drivers to take several steps to do simple tasks and can cause driver distraction, the magazine said.
Consumer Reports also said it got a record 350 miles of range per charge with a long-range version of the Model 3 when it's set on a high mode to recharge batteries with energy from braking.
CAPE TOWN, South Africa (AP) — Long lines of South Africans collect water daily from a natural spring pipeline in an upscale suburb of Cape Town, illustrating the harsh impact of a drought that authorities say could force the closure of most taps in the country's second largest city in just over two months, an occasion ominously known as "Day Zero."
The prospect that large sections of South Africa's showcase city, famously perched near two oceans, might go without running water has induced anxiety as well as resolve among its nearly 4 million residents. It has attracted scrutiny from scientists and city managers worldwide who also face the dual challenge of ballooning populations and shrinking resources. This would be the world's first major city to go dry.
"There are a lot of people who have been in denial and now they suddenly realize this is for real," said Shirley Curry, who waited to fill a plastic container with spring water from one of several taps outside a South African Breweries facility in the Newlands suburb.
Security guards made sure people took only an allotted amount (25 liters maximum in one line and 15 liters in another "express" line). However, things were more freewheeling at a nearby spring water source with no oversight. Mayor Patricia de Lille this month threatened to fine those who use too much water and said the city can no longer ask people to comply: "We must force them."
The spectacle of people scrounging for water could become more common as "Day Zero" approaches in Cape Town, whose natural beauty has made it a coveted spot for international visitors. While the city urges people to restrict water usage, many living in poor areas already have limited access to water. They use communal taps in gritty neighborhoods such as Blue Downs on the Cape Flats, where people washed clothes outside and carried buckets of water to shack dwellings on a recent afternoon.
Cape Town's leaders have instructed residents to use only 50 liters of water daily from Feb. 1, down from the current 87-liter limit. "Day Zero" is projected to arrive on April 12 but some fear it could come sooner, while others hope it won't happen if rationing works and rains eventually come.
If "Day Zero" arrives, many people would have to go to collection points for a daily ration of 25 liters. Taps would continue to run in hospitals and provisions would be made for schools, some of which can pump water from boreholes. Communal taps in poor areas known as informal settlements likely would run to avoid the threat of disease. Some central and downtown areas could be exempt from the cut-off for the sake of tourism and business.
While tourists are still welcome, tourism authorities urge them to flush the toilet as little as possible and "take a dip in the ocean instead of swimming pools, and maybe even spare yourself a shower."
The water crisis is propelling Cape Town into the unknown, but the causes have been brewing for a while. Since around the end of white minority rule in 1994, the population has soared by about 80 percent, straining municipal infrastructure. Meanwhile, the region has endured several years of drought. Scientists at the University of Cape Town say man-made global warming may have contributed to the severe weather, and that similar droughts could be more common in the future.
The average level of reservoirs that are Cape Town's main water source is currently about 27 percent, but the final 10 percent is considered unusable because of mud, weeds and debris at the bottom. Some residents are already complaining that silt in tap water makes it undrinkable. The city says it would have to turn off most taps if the average reservoir level falls below 13.5 percent.
Theewaterskloof Dam, whose reservoir was once the city's biggest provider, is a startling sight. Large areas consist of sand and cracked earth. Boats used to moor against tires embedded in a wall near a yacht club, but now the water line is so low that the clubhouse is far from the dwindling lake.
"This is a natural disaster of immense proportions," said Mmusi Maimane, leader of the Democratic Alliance, an opposition party that runs Cape Town and the surrounding Western Cape province.
The party says the national government, run by the ruling African National Congress party, has failed to deliver water to all municipalities as required by law. Nomvula Mokonyane, the water and sanitation minister, counters that the city should do more to crack down on people using too much water.
For now, Cape Town residents are advised to limit showers to fewer than 90 seconds and use a bucket to collect the runoff and flush the toilet.
Noel Borman, a resident collecting water, was asked about "Day Zero," if it comes.
"I don't even want to be here," he said.
___
Follow Christopher Torchia on Twitter at www.twitter.com/torchiachris
Getty Image
A lawsuit against NFL Enterprises in Los Angeles Superior Court accuses several current and former NFL Network personalities, along with former executive producer Eric Weinberger, of sexual harassment. According to Bloomberg, the allegations come via Jami Cantor, a former wardrobe stylist at the network.
The list of accused features a laundry list of former players, including Marshall Faulk, Donovan McNabb, and Warren Sapp.
BREAKING: Ex @nflnetwork employee alleges sex harassment against former executive, current/former talent, including Marshall Faulk, Warren Sapp, Donovan McNabb, Ike Taylor, Heath Evans, @Ericweinberger, who now runs @BillSimmons' The Ringer #Sportsbiz — Scott Soshnick (@soshnick) December 12, 2017
The network announced via a statement that Faulk, Taylor, and Evans have all been suspended as an investigation takes place. Neither Sapp nor McNabb are currently employed by the network, and as Soshnick mentions in his first tweet, Weinberger left the network to serve as the president of Bill Simmons Media Group.
Related Coverage Raw Chef Jane: spring snacks
Johnson City, TN (WJHL) – Raw Chef Jane joins us to talk about more snacks. And this time she is show us how savory can be better than sweet.
Taking a few tasty vegetables and putting them together can make for a filling and delicious snack.
BEIRUT (AP) — Syria's Kurdish militia is growing frustrated with its patron, the United States, and is pressing it to do more to stop Turkey's assault on a key stronghold in Syria.
The issue reflects a deeper concern among the Kurds over their alliance with the Americans, which proved vital to defeating the Islamic State group in Syria. The Kurds fear that ultimately they and their dream of self-rule will be the losers in the big powers' play over influence in Syria. Already the U.S. is in a tough spot, juggling between the interests of the Kurds, its only ally in war-torn Syria, and its relations with Turkey, a key NATO ally.
The Kurdish militia views defending the Kurdish enclave of Afrin as an existential fight to preserve their territory. Afrin has major significance — it's one of the first Kurdish areas to rise up against President Bashar Assad and back self-rule, a base for senior fighters who pioneered the alliance with the Americans and a key link in their efforts to form a contiguous entity along Turkey's border. The offensive, which began Jan. 20, has so far killed more than 60 civilians and dozens of fighters on both sides, and displaced thousands.
"How can they stand by and watch?" Aldar Khalil, a senior Kurdish politician said of the U.S.-led coalition against IS. "They should meet their obligations toward this force that participated with them (in the fight against terrorism.) We consider their unclear and indecisive positions as a source of concern."
Khalil, one of the architects of the Kurds' self-administration, and three other senior Kurdish officials told The Associated Press that they have conveyed their frustration over what they consider a lack of decisive action to stop the Afrin assault to U.S. and other Western officials. They said U.S. officials have made confusing statements in public. One of the officials who agreed to discuss private meetings on condition of anonymity said some U.S. comments even amounted to tacit support for the assault.
The fight for Afrin puts Washington in a bind with few good options. The Americans have little leverage and no troops in Afrin, which is located in a pocket of Kurdish control at the western edge of Syria's border with Turkey and is cut off from the rest of Kurdish-held territory by a Turkish-held enclave. The area is also crowded with other players. Russian troops were based there to prevent friction with Turkey until they withdrew ahead of the offensive, and the area — home to more than 300,000 civilians — is surrounded by territory held by Syrian government forces or al-Qaida-linked militants.
The Americans' priority for the YPG — the main Kurdish militia that forms the backbone of forces allied to the U.S. — is for them to govern the large swath of territory wrested from the Islamic State group in northern and eastern Syria, including the city of Raqqa. Washington wants to prevent IS from resurging and keep Damascus' ally, Iran, out of the area.
Afrin is not central to those American goals and U.S. officials say it will distract from the war on IS.
The U.S-led coalition has distanced itself from the Kurdish forces in Afrin, saying they have not received American training and were not part of the war against the Islamic State group in eastern Syria. But it also implicitly criticized the Turkish assault as unhelpful.
"Increased violence in Afrin disrupts what was a relatively stable area of Syria. Furthermore, it distracts from efforts to ensure the lasting defeat of Daesh and could be exploited by Daesh for resupply and safe haven," the coalition said in an emailed statement to the AP, using the Arabic acronym for IS.
For its part, Turkey views the YPG as an extension of its own Kurdish insurgent groups and has vowed to "purge" them from its borders.
While the U.S. may distance itself from the fighting in Afrin, it can't sit by silently if Turkey goes ahead with its threat to expand the fight to Manbij, a Syrian town to the east where American troops are deployed alongside Kurdish forces that took the town from IS in 2016.
One option is a proposal by the Kurds to persuade Assad to deploy his troops as a buffer between the Kurds and Turks in Afrin. Nobohar Mustafa, a Kurdish envoy to Washington, said the Americans appear open to that proposal. However, so far Assad's government has refused; they want full control of the area.
Another option could be to seek a compromise with Turkey by withdrawing U.S. and Kurdish forces from Manbij, said Elizabeth Teoman, a Turkey specialist with the Institute for the Study of War.
"The Turks may accept that as an intermediate step, but the U.S. will consistently face threats of escalation from Turkey as long as we maintain our partnership with the Syrian Kurdish YPG," Teoman said.
U.S. officials have reportedly said recently that they have no intention of pulling out of Manbij.
Kurdish officials say they don't expect the Americans to go to war with Turkey or send troops to fight with them in Afrin.
But "this doesn't mean the U.S. doesn't have a role in stopping the war on Afrin," said Mustafa, the Kurdish envoy to Washington. She said Kurdish officials weren't surprised the Americans have distanced themselves from the Afrin dispute "but we didn't expect their stance to be that low."
She and Khalil have lobbied Washington and Europe for a more aggressive stance against Turkey's advances. Other than the proposal to allow Syrian border guards to deploy, they have suggested international observers along a narrow buffer zone. Mustafa said the U.S. could argue that the YPG presence in northwestern Syria, where al-Qaida-linked militants have their stronghold, is necessary to fight terrorism. Khalil said he has pressed other NATO members to urge Turkey to stop airstrikes.
Meanwhile, a heated media campaign has been launched to "Save Afrin," while Kurdish supporters in Europe have staged regular protests and a senior YPG official wrote an op-ed for the New York Times.
In Washington, U.S. officials rejected the notion that the United States hasn't tried hard enough to rein in Turkey. In addition to publicly urging Turkey to limit its operation and avoid expanding further east, they noted that President Donald Trump spoke about it directly with Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan. The White House said that Trump used that call to urge Turkey to "deescalate, limit its military actions, and avoid civilian casualties and increases to displaced persons and refugees."
They say that since Turkey has proceeded, the U.S. has been left with only bad options.
Although the U.S. doesn't want to see Assad's government return to the area between Afrin and Turkey, it may be the "least bad situation," said a U.S. official involved in Syria policy.
The United States has less ability to influence negotiations about how to secure the border than Russia, whose forces have long had a strong presence in the area, said the official, who spoke on condition of anonymity to describe private diplomatic discussions.
The Trump administration has also quietly acknowledged that ultimately, the Kurds may be disappointed if they are expecting loyalty even on matters where U.S. and Kurdish interests diverge. Turkey, after all, is a NATO ally. Asked recently if Washington had a moral obligation to stick with the Kurds, senior Trump administration officials said Trump's "America first" doctrine dictated that the U.S. must always prioritize its own interests.
From the Kurdish perspective, "the Americans are missing the whole point. If Erdoğan is not stopped at Afrin, he will turn eastward and will not stop until he has destroyed the entire edifice" built by the Kurds in eastern Syria, said Nicholas Herak, of the Center for a New American Security.
"The challenge for the YPG is that it has power only so long as it continues to act as the key, local proxy for the U.S. mission in Syria," Herak said.
_____________
Associated Press writers Josh Lederman and Lolita Baldor in Washington contributed to this report.
08:56 Reported News Briefs Shvat 19, 5777 , 15/02/17 Shvat 19, 5777 , 15/02/17 Israel launches two nano-satellites Read more
Indian launcher launches record 102 satellites into space, two Israeli nano-satellites to help medical and environmental research. ► ◄ Last Briefs
'The room disappears': Here's what experts say Mandalay Bay will most likely do with the shooter's hotel suite
BOSTON (AP) — Massachusetts' top court will examine a case sparked by the misconduct of a former chemist who authorities say was high almost every day she worked at a state drug lab for eight years.
Prosecutors already have agreed to dismiss about 8,000 convictions tainted by Sonja Farak, who pleaded guilty in 2014 to stealing drugs from the lab.
The Supreme Judicial Court will now decide whether prosecutors have to dismiss additional cases tied to Farak. The court also will consider whether all cases that passed through the drug lab during Farak's employment should be re-examined, even if she didn't work on them.
Farak's case is separate from another Massachusetts drug lab scandal that resulted in the dismissal of some 21,000 convictions last year.
19:04 Reported News Briefs Kislev 28, 5778 , 16/12/17 Kislev 28, 5778 , 16/12/17 Arabs throw firebombs, rocks, at security forces Read more Border Police arrest fifteen Jenin rioters, find knives, weapons, in rioters' vehicles. ► ◄ Other archived news briefs:Dec 16 2017, 07:04 PM, 12/16/2017
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Home Away Div Tampa Bay 49 34 12 3 71 175 125 17-5-1 17-7-2 9-3-1 Boston 47 29 10 8 66 156 116 16-5-4 13-5-4 10-1-2 Washington 49 29 15 5 63 150 138 18-7-1 11-8-4 8-4-3 Toronto 51 28 18 5 61 162 146 13-8-2 15-10-3 6-4-1 Columbus 49 27 19 3 57 131 137 16-8-0 11-11-3 8-5-2 Pittsburgh 51 27 21 3 57 151 153 17-7-1 10-14-2 10-4-0 New Jersey 48 24 16 8 56 144 146 13-8-3 11-8-5 5-6-1 Philadelphia 49 24 17 8 56 141 141 13-9-4 11-8-4 5-2-4 N.Y. Rangers 50 25 20 5 55 153 151 17-8-3 8-12-2 7-6-3 N.Y. Islanders 50 25 20 5 55 172 180 13-7-3 12-13-2 7-7-1 Carolina 49 22 19 8 52 137 154 10-7-4 12-12-4 6-5-3 Detroit 48 19 21 8 46 126 146 10-10-7 9-11-1 6-9-2 Montreal 49 20 23 6 46 129 156 12-10-5 8-13-1 9-6-2 Florida 47 19 22 6 44 132 158 11-8-3 8-14-3 6-4-1 Ottawa 47 15 23 9 39 124 166 9-11-5 6-12-4 5-8-3 Buffalo 49 14 26 9 37 114 163 6-12-3 8-14-6 3-5-2 WESTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Home Away Div Vegas 48 32 12 4 68 164 128 19-3-2 13-9-2 11-1-1 Winnipeg 50 29 13 8 66 164 136 17-3-1 12-10-7 7-5-2 Nashville 47 29 11 7 65 145 123 16-4-3 13-7-4 10-3-2 St. Louis 51 30 18 3 63 148 130 17-10-0 13-8-3 7-4-1 Dallas 50 28 18 4 60 155 134 17-7-1 11-11-3 7-10-0 San Jose 48 26 15 7 59 143 133 14-7-3 12-8-4 12-2-3 Calgary 49 25 16 8 58 137 135 12-11-3 13-5-5 8-5-3 Colorado 48 27 18 3 57 157 139 18-7-1 9-11-2 7-6-1 Los Angeles 49 26 18 5 57 139 121 12-9-3 14-9-2 6-9-3 Minnesota 49 26 18 5 57 144 140 17-4-4 9-14-1 8-8-0 Anaheim 50 24 17 9 57 141 141 14-9-3 10-8-6 8-5-5 Chicago 49 23 19 7 53 146 136 12-10-3 11-9-4 5-7-2 Edmonton 49 22 24 3 47 135 157 11-13-1 11-11-2 10-2-0 Vancouver 49 19 24 6 44 127 159 8-13-3 11-11-3 5-9-1 Arizona 50 12 29 9 33 118 172 6-15-3 6-14-6 1-7-5
NOTE: Two points for a win, one point for overtime loss. Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs.
Sunday's Games
Central All-Stars vs Pacific All-Stars: Pacific 5, Central 2
Metropolitan All-Stars vs Atlantic All-Stars: Atlantic 7, Metropolitan 4
All-Star Game Final: Pacific 5, Atlantic 2
Monday's Games No games scheduled
Tuesday's Games
Minnesota at Columbus, 7 p.m.
San Jose at Pittsburgh, 7 p.m.
Florida at N.Y. Islanders, 7 p.m.
Anaheim at Boston, 7 p.m.
Ottawa at Carolina, 7 p.m.
New Jersey at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Montreal at St. Louis, 8 p.m.
Chicago at Nashville, 8 p.m.
Los Angeles at Dallas, 8:30 p.m.
Vegas at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Colorado at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
N.Y. Islanders at Toronto, 7:30 p.m.
San Jose at Detroit, 8 p.m.
Philadelphia at Washington, 8 p.m.
Thursday's Games
Toronto at N.Y. Rangers, 7 p.m.
Montreal at Carolina, 7 p.m.
St. Louis at Boston, 7 p.m.
Florida at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Anaheim at Ottawa, 7 p.m.
Philadelphia at New Jersey, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Los Angeles at Nashville, 8:30 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Dallas at Arizona, 9 p.m.
Colorado at Edmonton, 9 p.m.
Chicago at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Former prime minister Ehud Barak and Labor Party Chairman Avi Gabbay are negotiating to bring Barak into the party for the upcoming elections, according to Yisrael Hayom.
Barak has yet to announce whether he will return to politics, but a plan is being formulated between the two, under which Barak will head the "security cadre" initiated by Gabbay. Barak is expected to give up the possibility of heading the party as a candidate for prime minister, while Gabbay will take advantage of one of his reserved spots on his candidate list for the former defense minister, who would be a candidate to return to that post if Labor is in the government.
MADRID (AP) — The Spanish parliament's lower house is debating whether to end Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy's nearly eight years in power and replace him with the leader of the Socialist opposition.
Rajoy refused to resign after his conservative Popular Party was fined as beneficiary of a large kickbacks-for-contracts scheme. In a damaging ruling last week, the court questioned Rajoy's claim that he and other top officials were unaware of the party's illegal accounting.
Socialist leader Pedro Sanchez, who is leading the no-confidence vote against Rajoy, would instantly become the country's prime minister if he wins 176 or more votes in the 350-seat Congress of Deputies on Friday.
His opening speech Thursday proposing an alternative government will be watched by other opposition lawmakers who are still undecided on whether to oust the government.
MELBOURNE, Australia (AP) — Australia cricket captain Steve Smith will return home from the team's tour of India with a right shoulder injury, Cricket Australia said Saturday.
The Australians lost their five-match one-day series against India 4-1 and begin a three-match Twenty20 series later Saturday.
Marcus Stoinis will replace Smith in the squad and vice-captain David Warner will stand in as captain in Smith's absence.
Australian team doctor Richard Saw said: "Smith landed awkwardly on his right shoulder while diving in the field during the fifth ODI against India last Sunday. Following the match he complained of shoulder soreness.
"Subsequently he has had an MRI scan which has excluded serious injury, but we believe the best course of action is for him to not continue to aggravate his shoulder."
Charles Manson's cremated remains have been scattered nearly four months after the cult leader died in prison. A funeral was held Saturday following a court battle for the 83-year-old's remains.
Pastor Mark Pitcher of the Church of the Nazarene in Porterville, California, says 20 to 25 people attended the funeral.
Among them were Manson's grandson, Jason Freeman, and Freeman's wife, Audrey.
Freeman prevailed last week in a months-long court fight for custody of Manson's remains.
His grandfather was cremated after the service and his ashes scattered.
Pitcher said Monday he agreed to lead the service because Freeman and his wife are Christians.
Manson was sentenced to life in prison for orchestrating the 1969 murders of actress Sharon Tate and eight others.
He died in November.
New York (AP) — Petroleum futures trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange Monday:
(1,000 bbl; dollars per bbl.)
Ezekiel Elliott plopped a cowboy hat on his head and flashed a wide smile that made him look like someone closing in on a few weeks of vacation.
"Feel like a real cowboy," the star Dallas running back said after the second-to-last offseason practice Wednesday. "Do I look the part?"
Hard to say with the beard, but he looked the part in what mattered last year: NFL rushing champion as a rookie fourth overall draft pick. Now the question is the encore, and the offseason handling of a known commodity at a position predisposed to short careers.
"We don't really talk about taking it easy," offensive coordinator Scott Linehan said. "I think we're pushing forward with him. We've got to still manage that for him. But certainly we'll want to amp it up this year as far as his ability to affect the game in the run game and the pass game."
Elliott missed the first week of offseason practices after hitting his head as a passenger in a car accident, the second straight year he was involved in a car wreck during the offseason program.
Still not cleared by the NFL despite authorities dropping a domestic case in Ohio last year, Elliott made headlines again in March when he pulled down a woman's shirt during a St. Patrick's Day parade. As a result, questions about his off-field activities persist.
Running backs coach Gary Brown says he sees a more disciplined Elliott, and the former Ohio State star acknowledged easing up on his nightlife in recent weeks as the team's offseason program accelerated.
"You learn from your mistakes," Elliott said. "And if you don't, it could be brutal. Just part of life."
When Elliott reports to training camp after a five-week break, he'll be preparing for what figures to be a similar workload after he led the NFL with 322 carries for his league-best 1,631 yards.
Because Elliott is a good blocker and pass-catcher, the Cowboys really don't have a reason to take their All-Pro off the field, except they know they must.
And that's why the question comes up even though Elliott turns just 22 the day the team is scheduled to arrive in California.
"You have to learn how much your body can take," said Elliott, the fifth rookie to lead the NFL in rushing since the 1970 merger.
"That's really important, so developing a routine, week in, week out, that will keep you fresh, that will keep you from having those nagging injuries."
Quarterback Dak Prescott was the fellow rookie sensation who helped the Cowboys to a 13-3 record and top seed in the NFC before losing to Green Bay in a divisional playoff. The NFL Offensive Rookie of the Year faces the same encore question.
"We're going to get better together," said Prescott, who set rookie records in passer rating (104.9) and completion rate (67.8 percent). "He's kind of my partner in crime. If I need something, he's going to make sure on the field and off the field it happens."
Elliott had a 60-yard score and an 83-yard touchdown on a screen pass as a rookie, but breakaway runs top his list of ways to improve in his second season. Brown said drills where Elliott tries to elude defensive backs are one way to work on what they call second-level running.
"You try to come up with different creative ways to keep him motivated, other than the way he is motivated already by just being better," Brown said. "But you've still got to give him more. You don't want it to get stale."
Elliott is listening.
"You can say I've proven myself, but I've got to keep doing that," he said. "So it's all just kinda learning this offense inside out and kind of learning more beyond what I do."
———
More AP NFL: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP—NFL
AP photo
More than a week has passed since the moment when the assault group of the US Navy, led by the nuclear-powered aircraft carrier Carl Vinson, headed to the shores of the Korean Peninsula. However, the group has not arrived yet.
US warships are currently traveling in the strait between the Indonesian islands of Java and Sumatra. They did not go directly from Singapore to the Korean Peninsula, but made a stop in the Indian Ocean to take part in exercises with the Australian Navy.
The assault group includes missile destroyers, as well as a missile cruiser.
In early April, US President Donald Trump ordered the assault group of USS Carl Vinson aircraft carrier to go to North Korea and stop near the Korean Peninsula in the western part of the Pacific Ocean. The military were instructed to be prepared for an attack.
Earlier, it was reported that the USA would send three aircraft carriers to South Korea. The nuclear-powered aircraft carrier Carl Vinson will enter the Sea of Japan on April 25. Aircraft carriers Ronald Reagan (CVN 76) and Nimitz (CVN 68) will also stay in the Sea of Japan.
It was also said that Pyongyang was going to conduct a regular missile test on April 25 to mark the 85th anniversary of the Korean People's Army.
Pravda.Ru
Read article on the Russian version of Pravda.Ru
Getty Image
You know how every once in a while, an NBA story drops that causes your jaw to hit the floor, usually for a reason other than “Bryan Colangelo might have talked crap about Joel Embiid from multiple private Twitter accounts?” We got one of those stories on Wednesday afternoon during the Houston Rockets' exit interviews, courtesy of P.J. Tucker.
Apparently, Tucker wasn't quite at 100 percent during Game 7 against the Golden State Warriors. But the veteran forward didn't have a bum ankle or a hand injury — instead, Tucker played in the game after getting three root canals.
New York (AP) — Silver futures trading on the NY Merc Monday:
(5,000 troy oz.; cents per troy oz.)
By David Lazenby
Editor
The parent of a Pell City High School student who was in the classroom where a current events conversation broiled into a racially-tinged confrontation last week disputed reports that the conflict began with a student's refusal to stand for the Pledge of Allegiance.
The mother of a student who was present when the clash began said a history teacher sparked the debate when she sought students' opinions about recent actions taken by some NFL players and team owners during the playing of The National Anthem.
The Pell City woman, who communicated with The Trussville Tribune only after being guaranteed anonymity, said a black student confronted a white student in the history class on Sept. 27 after he stated his opinion that the NFL protests that began last year when former San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick began taking a knee during performances of the song are disrespectful to the country and its military veterans.
The parent said a verbal confrontation between the two senior students went from the classroom to the social media site Snapchat where it escalated.
She added that it was her understanding that the black student posted on Snapchat a profanity-laced diatribe about the matter, prompting the white student who she commented on to respond with his own Snapchat post, which also contained vulgar language.
On Sept. 29, parents of the black student brought the white student's Snapchat post to the attention of school administrators, according to the anonymous parent. In response to the complaint, administrators at the school allegedly asked the white student to leave campus and informed him he faced possible suspension. The next day, the principal became aware of the black student's Snapchat post, resulting in the white student's suspension being retracted.
Pell City High School Principal Tony Dowdy nor Pell City School System Superintendent Michael Barber could be reached for comment prior to the publication of this report.
The parent, who said she saw the white student's Snapchat post, says it did not contain a racial slur, as previously reported. She said because the white teen's post was alleged to have contained racist language, the teen's family has received death threats recently.
However, a different post from what the parent called a “fake Snapchat account'” did contain racist and threatening language. The anonymous Snapchat post, which threatened racial violence at the school, was apparently in response to a different PCHS student's Snapchat post depicting the image of a burning American flag.
Pell City Police are reportedly investigating the online threat that warned “We are hanging everyone that comes our way tomorrow after school.” As a precaution, extra police officers were reportedly at the school Thursday.
Pell City Police Chief Paul Irwin could not be reached for comment today in regard to the ongoing probe.
The parent said she believes the teacher was partly at fault for launching the chain of events that led to the threat made on Snapchat this week.
“Had the teacher not brought up the topic, none of this would have transpired,” she said.
CLEVELAND -- After another excruciating loss in which the Indiana Pacers nearly came all the way back from a late double-digit deficit before succumbing to the Cleveland Cavaliers, Paul George had blunt criticism for more of his teammates.
In the Pacers' Game 1 loss to the Cavs, it was CJ Miles whom George called out for missing a potential game-winning jumper. That led George to declare, "In situations like that, I got to get the last shot. I was asking for it. CJ took it upon himself."
Following Indiana's 117-111 loss Monday to fall down 0-2 in their first-round series with the Cavs, George aimed at both Lance Stephenson and Myles Turner.
Stephenson -- signed to a three-year deal late in the regular season and a major reason Indiana is in the postseason in the first place, with the Pacers going 6-1 after he was added to the team -- had a plus/minus of minus-7 in five minutes in the third quarter when Cleveland took control of the game.
"He's got to learn to control himself and be in the moment," George said. "Lance, in our locker room, is looked upon as a leader. His body language has to improve -- just for the team. We all know that Lance is an emotional guy. A lot of it is his heart and his competitiveness. That emotion comes out of him. He's got to channel that toward making effort plays on the court and doing whatever he needs for us to succeed."
With the Pacers going small in the third quarter, Cleveland targeted Kevin Love in the post against the combustible Stephenson. Love scored time and time again, with Stephenson picking up three fouls and at one point slamming the ball to the floor in frustration following a whistle against him.
Pacers coach Nate McMillan blamed Indiana's team defense for Love's going off.
"I think we put Paul on Kyrie [Irving], and Lance went to Love," McMillan said. "They do a great job of recognizing matchups and taking advantage of it. I thought that was huge. Defensively, we just didn't play that right. The reason for it was just trying to get control of Kyrie by putting [a] bigger defender on him. We had to try to deny entry to anyone who was in the post, but we really did a bad job of allowing Love to catch it. We didn't work to deny or front that post shot."
Still, Stephenson's final line was impressive, as he finished with 13 points, two rebounds, four assists and two steals in 26 minutes. He had 16 points, seven rebounds and three assists in 27 minutes in Game 1.
George also wanted to see more out of Turner, the Pacers' second-year center, who finished with six points on 3-for-10 shooting, five rebounds and three blocks in Game 2 after averaging 14.5 points, 7.3 rebounds and 2.1 blocks per game in the regular season.
"We just need him to challenge Tristan [Thompson], keep him off the boards," George said of the 21-year-old Turner. "He needs to make himself available down low in the post. He needs to know at this point he has to take it to the next level. We'll continue to work with him.
"I've been in his ear all the way up until this point -- you know, that next step. And growth for him. In this league, you've got to find it. He's still young. He's still learning, so it's a good thing. We're going to work with him."
George led Indiana in points (32), rebounds (8) and assists (7) on Monday, which brought his series averages to 30.5 points, 6.5 rebounds and 7.0 assists while he shot 48.7 percent from the field and 55.6 percent from 3.
Watch TV shows, movies and more on Yahoo View, available now on iOS and Android.
Airline crews must now be booked on a flight at least an hour prior to departure to avoid bumping passengers at the last minute.
ABC World News Tonight With David Muir More
ABC World News Tonight With David Muir
World News brings the latest information and analysis of major events from around the country and the world.
SACRAMENTO, Calif. (AP) — Officials say a woman caught trying to smoke on a Southwest flight has been arrested after shouting she was going to kill everyone on the plane.
Sacramento County sheriff's spokesman Shaun Hampton said Monday that 24-year-old Valerie Curbelo was arrested on the tarmac when the plane landed Saturday.
Hampton says when the crew stopped Curbelo from having a cigarette in the plane's bathroom, she threatened to kill all the passengers and crew and became combative.
Southwest said in a statement that the flight from Portland, Oregon, received priority treatment from air traffic control and landed safely in Sacramento.
In a jailhouse interview with KOVR-TV, Curbelo, of Sandy, Oregon, said anxiety drove her to smoke.
She said she didn't know why she made the death threats, adding that it wasn't typical behavior for her.
The first statue of a woman in London's Parliament Square was unveiled today.
Interested in London? Add London as an interest to stay up to date on the latest London news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
Millicent Fawcett, a leading suffragist who played a key role in securing women older than 30 the right to vote in 1918, was commemorated outside the British Parliament, which is already home to 11 statues of men, including Mahatma Gandhi, Nelson Mandela and Winston Churchill.
Adrian Dennis/AFP/Getty Images
British Prime Minister Theresa May, who took part in the ceremony, tweeted before the unveiling that she would not be where she is today if not for Fawcett, a feminist and union leader who died in 1929.
“I would not be here today as PM, no female MPs would have taken their seats in Parliament, none of us would have the rights and protections we now enjoy, were it not for Millicent Fawcett,” she wrote.
Ben Stansall/AFP/Getty Images
Other female British MPs also tweeted in celebration of the new statue.
Courage calls to courage everywhere. The unveiling of the first statue of a woman in Parliament Square - first statue by a woman in Parliament Square. A beautiful statue. An incredible woman. For all women. For everyone. #MillicentFawcett pic.twitter.com/HEOiaLc09P — Yvette Cooper (@YvetteCooperMP) 24. april 2018
The bronze version of the women's rights campaigner holds a banner with the words “Courage calls to courage everywhere,” a line from one of her speeches.
The statue was created by Gillian Wearing, the first female artist to have a sculpture placed on Parliament Square.
Dan Kitwood/Getty Images
London Mayor Sadiq Khan, who also participated in the event, called it “inspiring” to stand with women who have worked for gender equality.
“I want London to be a beacon for women's rights and equality,” he said.
Inspiring to stand with so many women who have worked tirelessly for gender equality. I want London to be a beacon for women's rights and equality. #BehindEveryGreatCity#MillicentFawcett. pic.twitter.com/5GvOP9I5Lu — Sadiq Khan (@SadiqKhan) 24. april 2018
In 1897, Fawcett became the president of the National Union of Women's Suffrage Societies, a group of women's suffrage societies in the U.K.
She remained the president of the group for more than 20 years.
HANOI, Vietnam (AP) — It's been over for 40-plus years, the war that Americans simply call Vietnam but the Vietnamese refer to as their Resistance War Against America.
Yet it lingers in so many ways, as was apparent this week when Defense Secretary Jim Mattis dropped in for a couple of days of defense diplomacy with a former enemy. Although he never served in Vietnam and had not previously visited the country, Mattis has said he learned from a lot of Marines who did.
In his meeting with Vietnamese government leaders, Mattis' focus was on a peaceful future. Not the bloody past.
Still, the legacy of the conflict that divided America and ultimately unified Vietnam confronted Mattis almost immediately after his arrival on Wednesday as he visited a U.S. office that oversees the search for remains of American servicemen still missing from the war.
More than 1,200 Americans are unaccounted for in Vietnam and 350 more are missing in Laos, Cambodia and China, according to the Pentagon's POW-MIA Accounting Agency. That accounting effort, decades in the making and dependent on cooperation from Hanoi, is likely to continue for decades.
Later, while talking to his Vietnamese counterpart, Mattis was presented with photo identification cards of two U.S. servicemen from the war. Details weren't made public.
More than 58,000 U.S. service members were killed in the war, including more than 1,200 in Cambodia and Laos.
Estimates of the number of Vietnamese killed vary widely, from about 2 million to nearly twice that. For the Vietnamese, the war was a continuation of their fight for independence from French colonial masters. And it was quickly followed by a border war with China in 1979. The country reunified and remains communist, although it has opened up to foreign investment. Hanoi is a bustling, vibrant capital city.
Among Vietnam's other reminders of the war: environmental damage and unexploded mines. Vietnamese still suffer from the effects of herbicides, including Agent Orange, sprayed by U.S. forces to defoliate the countryside.
"We're still remediating the effects of the war," Mattis told reporters Thursday as he flew out of the country. The U.S. government has helped clean up contamination from bases American forces used before completing their withdrawal in 1975. Last year the U.S. and Vietnam finished the first phase of dioxin cleanup at Danang airport.
Remarkably, given this history, Vietnam indicated during Mattis's visit that it may permit a U.S. Navy aircraft carrier to make a port visit in March — something that has never happened in the postwar period.
Just down the street from the hotel where Mattis stayed is Hoa Lo prison, known to the Americans who spent part of the war there as the Hanoi Hilton. Inside are dark reminders of the suffering, the sacrifice and the shackles — not just of the Americans held there but also Vietnamese imprisoned in earlier decades by the French.
One of those American prisoners was John McCain, shot down on a bombing mission over Hanoi in 1967, before the U.S. anti-war movement was in full swing. Along the lake from which a badly injured McCain was recovered by his captors stands a concrete marker depicting the captured pilot and noting that his Navy plane was one of several shot down that day.
Mattis' motorcade drove by the McCain marker as the Pentagon boss made his way to a lakeside pagoda to show his respect for Vietnamese culture. He told the monk there that he enjoyed the serene setting.
"Beautiful. Peaceful. It makes you think more deeply," Mattis said.
By coincidence, Mattis' visit came just days before the Vietnamese marked the 50th anniversary of the Tet Offensive. That series of assaults by the North Vietnamese was timed to coincide with Tet, the Lunar New Year holiday, on Jan. 31, 1968. Militarily it was a failure, but the offensive marked a turning point in the war because it punctured American hopes of certain and swift victory. After Tet, the U.S. began to focus less on how to win and more on how to get out.
Even with past hostilities in mind, Mattis said his visit made clear that Americans and Vietnamese have shared interests that in some cases predate the Vietnam War.
"Neither of us liked being colonized," he said.
MELVILLE, N.Y. (CBSNewYork) – A small plane has crashed in Melville, N.Y.
There was one person on board. That person's status was unknown.
Officials say it is a vintage SNJ-2 pilot trainer plane from an aerobatics team. It went down near Republic Airport.
Images from the scene showed the plane completely engulfed in flames.
Witnesses at the scene told CBS2's Carolyn Gusoff they saw several WWII-type planes flying overhead at the time of the crash. The planes frequently practice in the area, witnesses said.
Check back soon for more on this developing story.
ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) -- Rob Gray scored 20 points, Devin Davis had key points late and Houston held off UCF 69-65 on Saturday.
Davis split two UCF defenders and laid the ball in just before the shot clock ran out for a 65-61 lead with a minute to go and added two free throws with 34 seconds remaining for a six-point lead.
Gray was 7-of-15 shooting with five assists. Corey Davis Jr. had three 3-pointers and 15 points while Breaon Brady grabbed nine rebounds.
The Cougars (17-5, 7-3 American) led the whole way and were up 10 with 15:21 remaining before the Knights (14-8, 5-5) got within two, the final time at 63-61 on B.J. Taylor's bucket with 2:13 left.
A.J. Davis had 13 points and 10 rebounds with Taylor adding 15 points and Ceasar DeJesus and Davon Griffin 10 points each for UCF.
Drake's experience at his Coachella home this year started from the bottom.
And it pretty much stayed that way. The rapper slammed his digs at the Madison Club in La Quinta, California. He posted his critique on Instagram but has since deleted it.
He didn't share details about what happened but wrote, “The most offensive place I have ever stayed at in my life with the staff who pick and choose who they are going to accommodate based on racial profiling.”
The Madison Club is a private residential community with its own golf course, spa, and exclusive clubhouse. It is just a few miles away from the Coachella festival grounds. They have yet to release a statement on the incident.
Drake performed at Coachella on Saturday night. He made a surprise appearance during Future's set, performing hits “Fake Love,” “Jumpman” and “Gyalchester.”
Prince Harry opens up about seeking therapy to help cope with Princess Di's death:
Read more from Yahoo Celebrity:
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Images via American Girl
Since its founding in 1986, American Girl has focused its energies on “fueling connection among girls and helping them to unleash their full potential.” But of the over 29 million American Girl dolls that have been sold in the past 31 years, I've personally identified with exactly zero. I felt left out and woefully unimportant. Until now.
Advertisement
Though the cast of dolls includes dozens of unique and wonderful characters any child would be lucky to meet—let alone own—none have ever acted as mirrors in which I could see myself. Take last year's Girl of the Year, Gabriela. She's a dreamer who loves “expressing herself through dance”? Nope! Not me! What about Julie, “a fun-loving, happy, spirited girl, full of energy and new ideas but prone to fits of despair at the upheaval of the world around her”? Close, but I still don't know her. Kitt Kitteridge? Please, we all know she's my nemesis. But take a look at Logan Everett, their newest addition. He's “a boy who plays drums alongside his friend Tenney Grant, a singer-songwriter in Nashville, Tennessee”? Wait just a second. That American Girl doll is...me.
Like me, Logan is pale and sort of sickly looking, with an obvious vitamin D deficiency and a haircut that's not quite right for his face shape. His smile is only convincing half the time, and eyes are kind, but sad—like blueish windows into the mind of someone who's trying (and failing) to mask a perpetual state of worry. Though his mother may approve of his wardrobe, more fashionable minds (such as Jezebel Culture Editor Julianne Escobedo Shepherd) would call it “wack.”
Logan also has a ton of girlfriends. Not girlfriends girlfriends, obviously, but friends who happen to be girls. They find Logan nonthreatening and fun to be around. He always compliments their cute new outfits, notices when they changed their hair, and will gladly listen to stories about their personal lives without ever feeling compelled to discuss that time he fucked Ken while Barbie was on a shoot, or that G.I. Joe swore up and down he was straight despite seeming totally into it. He's quiet, you know? Happy to be in the background.
So I'd like to thank you, American Girl, for giving all the Logan Everetts of the world a voice. It's about time.
The president of Evergreen State College now says he is “immensely disappointed” in the student protesters who recently shut down the campus, despite having previously praised their “courage.”
The controversy at Evergreen began after students became aware of a faculty-wide email exchange in which professor Bret Weinstein questioned the school's decision to ask white students and faculty members to leave campus for a day of diversity training, a reversal of the long-standing “Day of Absence” event that previously involved black students and professors departing campus.
"I was immensely disappointed with the students who obstructed his class. Those actions are indefensible."
“There is a huge difference between a group or coalition deciding to voluntarily absent themselves from a shared space in order to highlight their vital and under-appreciated roles and a group or coalition encouraging another group to go away,” Weinstein wrote, calling the latter a “show of force, and an act of oppression in and of itself.”
Weinstein's missive enraged many students, a mob of whom descended upon one of his classes to scream profanities at him, eventually prompting campus police to suggest that he leave the grounds because officers would not be able to guarantee his safety.
[RELATED: VIDEO: White prof harassed for questioning diversity event]
The protests continued in Weinstein's absence, with students presenting a list of demands to school President George Bridges that included firing Weinstein and excusing the protesters from homework assignments so that they could continue demonstrating.
Apparently uninterested in his response, the students repeatedly shouted at Bridges to “shut the fuck up,” declaring that they “don't want to hear a Goddamn thing you have to say.”
Bridges nonetheless agreed to several of the demands, including relieving the students of their academic responsibilities, and even went so far as to express “gratitude” for their “passion and courage.”
[RELATED: VIDEO: Evergreen prez agrees to excuse protesters from homework]
Bridges declined to fire or suspend Weinstein, however, prompting the student protesters to hold him and several other administrators hostage in an office until all of their demands had been met.
“The priority is that they stay in that room. If they aren't in that room, then we did something wrong, so you all need to watch that door, watch all the doors, the windows, you need to keep eyes on them,” one protest leader instructed the mob, while another student explained that “The only priority is that y'all stay in this space until those demands can happen.”
[RELATED: VIDEO: Evergreen protesters hold admins hostage over demands]
Dozens of faculty and staff members subsequently signed an open letter expressing “solidarity” with the protesters and endorsing their aggressive tactics, whereas the school's Board of Trustees issued a separate statement condemning their “unacceptable behavior” and “lack of tolerance and respect.”
Despite his initial support for the protesters, Bridges is now echoing the Trustees' declaration that their actions were “indefensible,” though he also claims to hold no grudge over their treatment of him, personally.
“I was immensely disappointed with the students who obstructed his class,” Bridges told the local NBC affiliate Monday, adding that “Those actions are indefensible.”
Bridges confirmed that the school is investigating the students involved in the protests, but made clear that the investigation had nothing to do with the students who held him hostage, saying, “I felt very comfortable. I never felt unsafe. It was a matter of listening to their concerns.”
Campus Reform reached out to Bridges' office for further comment, but did not receive a response by press time.
Follow the author of this article on Twitter: @asabes10
Cristiano Ronaldo was banned for five games on Monday after shoving a referee following his red card for diving in Real Madrid's 3-1 win over Barcelona in the season-opening Spanish Super Cup.
Ronaldo was suspended for one game for the red card in Sunday's Super Cup first leg at Barcelona, and four games for pushing referee Ricardo de Burgos Bengoetxea in the back, the Spanish football federation said.
Ronaldo will miss Wednesday's return leg of the Super Cup in Madrid plus the first four matches of the Spanish league season.
Madrid opens the league on Sunday at Deportivo La Coruna. Its next three matches after that are against Valencia, promoted Levante, and at Real Sociedad.
Ronaldo and Madrid have 10 days to appeal the federation's ruling.
Still regaining peak fitness after an extended summer vacation, Ronaldo began the Super Cup match on the bench, and came on in the 58th minute.
He scored with a long-range strike to put Madrid 2-1 up moments after Lionel Messi had equalized for Barcelona from the penalty spot.
But Ronaldo's goal celebration — when he took his shirt off and flexed his muscles — earned him a yellow card.
Two minutes later, he charged into the area and collided with Barcelona defender Samuel Umtiti. Ronaldo went down hoping for a penalty. Instead, referee De Burgos Bengoetxea showed Ronaldo a second yellow for diving and sent him off.
Ronaldo raised his arms in disbelief before he stepped up to De Burgos and shoved him in the back with his right hand.
The federation ruling said that Ronaldo's shove violated article 96 of its disciplinary code, which states that "light aggressions" defined as "pulling, pushing and shaking" of a referee are punished by suspensions of 4-12 matches.
The federation also fined Ronaldo 3,005 euros ($3,500) and Madrid 1,400 euros ($1,650) for the shove, and another 600 euros ($705) for the player and 350 euros ($412) for the club for simulating a foul.
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
Art curator Diana Larrea has been called the “Princess of Miami Street Art” because of her role in the increasingly relevant urban art movement. The Peruvian born photographer documents the street art scene of Miami and, according to her, “the walls have become the news.”
Larrea began photographing the street art in her city in 2010 and over time she came to know the artists behind the murals and paste-ups as well. Their stories and where they came from jumped out at her and held her attention. Now, she can't go anywhere in Miami without craving fresh art.
“I'm always discovering new murals,” Larrea says. “It's the best when I discover them running.”
A regular runner through the sunny streets of Miami, Larrea finds something new to love about her city every time she laces up her shoes. It's her favorite way to get inspired, even if it doesn't lead to the most cohesive runs.
“Sometimes I have to stop running to read something,” she explains. “It just gets your attention. ”
Currently, Larrea is particularly interested in raising the voices of females in the street art community. She views it as her duty. Women are having their day in the street art world and if Larrea can show how hard they work she feels she'll be doing her part for the betterment of everybody. Join us as we follow her through the streets of Miami — and get acquainted with her bold mission.
WASHINGTON (AP) — A federal appeals court has handed a victory to the government's beleaguered consumer finance watchdog agency, ruling that its director's power isn't excessive and the president shouldn't have freer rein to fire that person.
The decision came Wednesday in the politically charged case involving the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. The nine-member panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals overturned a 2016 ruling by a smaller panel that would have made it easier for President Donald Trump to fire then-CFPB director Richard Cordray, an Obama appointee.
The decision comes as the agency is engulfed in turmoil and confusion. Cordray stepped down in November and Trump named White House budget director Mick Mulvaney as acting CFPB director. Mulvaney has moved to soften agency regulations and slash its funding.
Approximately 220 Canadian Niagara Power Inc. customers will be affected by a four hour power outage Saturday in Port Colborne.
The outage will occur starting at 8 a.m. from Invertose Drive, south down Elm Street to Sherwood Forest Lane/Omer Avenue, and east to the Welland Canal, the hydro company said.
A private contractor will be relocating an oversized vessel from Invertose to the canal and CNPI said the power outage is to hep to carry out the work in a safe and controlled manner.
“Should the relocation take longer, CNPI will communicate this via Twitter updates: twitter.com/CNPpower.
CNPI recognizes that this may be an inconvenience to our customers and have therefore chosen to interrupt power on the smallest scale possible as the vessel moves geographically from one location to another,” it said.
In order to cut down the length of the outage, the company will attempt to restore sections of power as the vessel moves along its path.
Customers along the route have been contacted via direct telephone call or an automated call blast.
“There is no alternate date for this outage, barring any unforeseen circumstances the intention is to co-operate with the private contractor and other controlling authorities involved in this undertaking to ensure the safe movement of the vessel.”
The company said its website will have power interruption procedures, as well as a fire safety notice, posted at www.cnpower.com/power-outage/power-outage-information. The company supplies electricity to more than 24,800 customers in the Fort Erie and Port Colborne area.
All eyes were on the first couple as they kicked off their first White House Easter Egg Roll on the White House lawn Monday.
The FLOTUS wore a spring dress, a pale pink sleeveless dress to the 139th presidential Easter event, which took place Monday. To host, Melania opted for a longer pink fit-and-flare dress in pink chiffon with minimal accessories.
President Trump and First Lady Melania began the traditional festivities with a speech. During her brief address to the Easter Egg Roll participants and guests, Melania thanked the volunteers and military members for their services. During the event, viewers also caught a subtle dig during a live stream of the event when the first family went to put their right hands over their hearts. As Melania placed her right hand over her heart, she reached for her husband's, to which he moved away and placed the hand she reached for over his heart.
The Easter Egg Roll is a time-honored holiday event that takes place on the White House South Lawn every year the Monday following Easter Sunday. Participants can only attend by entering into a lottery system. This year, thousands were expected to participate in the event, about 21,000, according to the Daily Mail.
For Easter, the first family spent Easter weekend at Mar-a-Lago before coming back to Washington D.C. in advance of the Easter Egg Roll. They spent Easter Sunday attending church in Palm Beach. For the occasion, Melania wore a flared, sleeveless white crochet dress with a gold belt cinched at the waist. She completed the look with tall neon stilettos.
Press Secretary Sean Spicer, who acted as the official White House Easter Bunny during the George W. Bush term, did attend the event this year, but opted for a jacket and tie instead of a cottontail. He read to children on the lawn as the first couple — along with their son Barron — mingled with attendees on the lawn.
Michelle Obama, who was known for her tasteful yet fashion-forward ensembles, went for a casual ensemble in 2016 and wore black skinny pants with a long green top and a pair of sneakers to 138th White House Easter Egg Roll.
Related Articles
Philadelphia 76ers president of basketball operations Bryan Colangelo (AP)
The Philadelphia 76ers have started an independent investigation into the “serious” allegations regarding Sixers president of basketball operations Bryan Colangelo's social media usage.
“An online media outlet filed a story linking multiple social media accounts to 76ers president of basketball operations Bryan Colangelo. The allegations are serious and we have commenced an independent investigation into the matter. We will report the results of that investigation as soon as it is concluded,” the team said in a statement.
[Yahoo Fantasy Football leagues are open: Sign up now for free]
Colangelo was at the center of a report from The Ringer detailing his apparent connection to multiple “burner” accounts on Twitter, which criticized several key players such as Joel Embiid, Jahlil Okafor, Nerlens Noel and Markelle Fultz, divulged potential team information and engaged in attacking Toronto Raptors president Masai Ujiri, among other things.
In speaking to Yahoo Sports on Tuesday night in Los Angeles, Colangelo said he stands by his statements of having no knowledge of the situation nor the “motives or origins” behind the activity.
Colangelo has served as 76ers president since 2016, returning to the NBA after two successful stints with the Phoenix Suns from 1995-2006 and Raptors from 2006-13. The 76ers returned to winning this season, with the franchise going 52-30 and making a run to the Eastern Conference semifinals, where it lost to the Boston Celtics.
Behind Embiid and Ben Simmons, the 76ers appear to be future Eastern Conference contenders and are expected to be a strong free-agency destination this offseason. Philadelphia will have the ability to create nearly $30 million in salary cap space as it targets top free agents.
More from Yahoo Sports:
• NFL star's career likely over due to concussions
• Serena's outfit steals show in French Open return
• Why an NFL star's tweet could cost him millions
• Smith rips NFL, says anthem rule pushes ‘false narrative'
In the first time in 10 years, Americans report feeling more stress, according to a survey released Wednesday by the American Psychological Association.
Americans rated their stress higher in January compared to last August, increasing from 4.8 to 5.1 on a 10-point scale. What's more, 57 percent of people polled in January said they were stressed about the current political climate; 66 percent were stressed about the future of our nation; and 49 percent were stressed about the outcome of the presidential election.
When the organization asked about the election in their annual poll last August, 52 percent of Americans said the presidential election was a very or somewhat significant source of stress. That inspired the Stress in America team to put together a follow-up survey, which was administered online in January to 1,109 adults aged 18 or older.
In the January survey, both Republicans and Democrats said they are stressed about the nation's future – at 59 and 76 percent, respectively. People also said that worries about acts of terrorism, police violence towards minorities and general personal safety also are increasing. The number of people stressed about personal safety increased from 29 percent to 34 percent from August to January, the highest percentage since the survey was first conducted in 2008.
People in rural areas reported less stress, with just 33 percent saying they were very or somewhat stressed about the political changes. Forty-five percent of suburbanites reported stress, as did 62 percent of city dwellers.
Constant access to breaking news on social media, TV and other sources is probably a large contributor to the elevated stress levels, says Lynn Bufka, a psychologist and the APA's associate executive director for practice research and policy.
"It's everywhere — newspapers, social media, even elevators have screens now that push news at you," Bufka says, adding that it's hard to know when to disconnect from the news cycle. "As consumers, it can be really difficult to know when we have enough information about our world."
Uncertainty tends to up the stress, Bufka says. "Our president hasn't held public office before," she notes. "We don't know what to expect — no matter if we agree or disagree with his policies, we don't have any way of predicting his style of putting those policies forward." That uncertainty, she says, can be a major source of stress regardless of political affiliation.
Sustained stress can increase the risk of serious health problems over a long period of time, Bufka says, including obesity, heart conditions, depression and anxiety. "Stress can be good and motivating. But when it's constant and intense, people push, and push, and push, and are usually less productive. And they're bound to run into health issues in the long run."
To cope, Bufka says it's good to make a point of scheduling a time give your brain a break. Cut off news access and enjoy a hobby instead, like reading a book or exercising. And above all, Bufka says, don't let an elevated worry level affect your routine. "Don't skip your workout, don't sacrifice sleep."
EMBED >More News Videos It's Suicide Prevention Awareness Week. Two survivors talk about jumping from the Golden Gate Bridge. A story of regret and of hope.
BREAKING: I-696 CLOSED both sides right now at Coolidge. In an effort to stop a man from jumping off overpass, these trucks packed in closely. @FOX2News @1003WNIC pic.twitter.com/L6FQylV5kQ — Jay Towers (@JayTowers) April 24, 2018
More than a dozen tractor-trailers lined up beneath a Detroit-area freeway overpass to aid police trying to help a man contemplating suicide.Michigan State Police Lt. Michael Shaw said troopers received a call early Tuesday about the man standing on an overpass above Interstate 696 in Huntington Woods. As officers routed traffic away, they directed truckers to drive into positions to shorten the fall if the man jumped.Thirteen trucks lined the freeway as police dealt with the man. The incident lasted about four hours until he walked off to waiting officers and to seek medical help.Shaw says troopers typically work with truckers during such incidents, but it's unusual to have so many involved. He adds there are "many other options out there aside from taking your own life."
Transcript for Witness of explosion at major NYC transit hub: 'I believe in God today!'
Christina can describe the sound walls assume it's. Found light. I'm gonna shock tonight. Shot. So wasn't very loud it wasn't like it didn't feel like I have what I. Big. To. Us. CDC and the other people injured. Well. The and you are heading toward. Just like every other day. Except this time you were running away now going to war if not what we're all that's not enough to. Just. I am here. On the not. I had improbable beat out. And it. What area do you work and where you aren't right. I'll see you work right exit Port Authority. So you're coming from that you're going to work it is you've list somewhere else he commuted to the city. Six one. What's going through your mind right now as he all of this going on this is where you world. I'm a telescope. On the other boys so maybe. Pick pick pick look at it. The commuter blog knows that was father's big. I really don't Gottlieb got. Active.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
KINGSPORT, TN (WJHL)- This year the U.S. is in a rare path for the total solar eclipse happening August 21st. It's the first time in a century a total eclipse will stretch coast to coast.
“It happens really, really close to the Tri-Cities,” Bays Mountain Planetarium Director Adam Thanz said.
Now a production about the eclipse made right here in the Tri-Cities is making its way across the country. A team of astronomers and staff at Bays Mountain Planetarium in Kingsport spent a year and a half creating a short film called “Totality,” it tells you everything you need to know about eclipses.
Now that show is playing at 33 other planetariums in the U.S. as people across the country plan to see the total solar eclipse.
“We knew how important the eclipse was going to be, we had to have a program about it,” Thanz said.
We talked with one student as he was leaving “Totality.”
“I thought it was very interesting, I learned a lot,” High school sophomore Nicholas Meredith said. “Now I'm even more excited about the solar eclipse.”
So what is a total solar eclipse? It's where the sun, moon, and earth perfectly line up turning day in to night for a few minutes. Here in the Tri-Cities you'll see 96 percent of sun blocked by the moon. You'll also see some changes in the environment.
“The temperature change notice that, the wind will pick up, the animals will react,” Thanz said.
You'll also get some one of a kind views.
“If you put your hand up first and then look that direction but blocking the sun near maximum to the left you'll see Jupiter to the right you will see Venus in the sky in the middle of the day,” Thanz said.
Here in the Tri-Cities the partial eclipse will start at 1:07 p.m., and the maximum eclipse will happen at 2:36 p.m.
Thanz said because of limited parking there, they don't recommend going to Bays Mountain to view the eclipse, they say your backyard is just as good.
If you want to learn about how eclipses occur and what they are like ahead of August 21st you can see “Totality” at Bays Mountain Planetarium through August 20th.
The show is about 25 minutes long and is shown Monday through Friday at 1 o'clock and 4 o'clock, then on Saturday and Sunday at 1, 4, and 5 p.m.
Copyright 2017 WJHL. All Rights Reserved.
A mighty Merlin helicopter of the Royal Navy hovered over Sleaford before touching down on Carre's Grammar School's sports fields on Monday afternoon. (Photo by Sarah Washbourn).
Teacher Ian Scholefield explained the helicopter visited as part of a careers drive to promote Science, Technology, Engineering and Maths subjects among GCSE choices for year nine pupils.
A Royal Navy Merlin helicopter dropped in on Carre's Grammar School to encourage students to take up science, technology, engineering and maths.
Groups of children from year 7 and 9 from all three of the town's secondary schools were invited to look around the aircraft and talk to the crew during the hour-long visit.
TOLEDO, Ohio (AP) — An Ohio zoo's polar bear is off to Chicago to find love.
The Toledo Zoo says its 21-year-old female bear named Nan has been moved to the Brookfield Zoo near Chicago to see if she will breed with the zoo's male bear.
Nan moved into her new home this week where she's separated by a fence from her potential mate named Hudson.
The Brookfield Zoo says the bears will spend a little time getting to know each other before moving in together.
The move was arranged by the Association of Zoos and Aquariums and its polar bear species survival program.
Keepers at the Toledo Zoo say Nan is genetically important because she was born in the wild and discovered as an orphan cub near Barrow, Alaska.
Welcome Below the Line Subscribers,
The South by Southwest Conferences and Italian Film & Culture Film Festivals are holding the last day of their festivities today, March 18th, while the Bermuda International Film Festival continues throughout the week. Starting at the end of the week is the 16th Annual Garden State Film Festival held in Asbury Park, New Jersey. And on March 24th, the NewFilmmakers LA Women Directors & Narratives Film Festival will be held at South Park Center on Hill Street in Los Angeles from 4:30pm to 11:30pm.
The Location Managers Guild International Awards final ballot voting ends this Monday, the 19th and the Moet Moment Film Festival's submission deadline is this Thursday, March 22nd.
Till Next Week,
Olivia Gleichauf
Industry Master Calendar Coordinator
olivia@btlnews.com
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & [...]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the [...]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous [...]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, [...]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for [...]
WASHINGTON (AP) — A timeline of key dates leading to the resignation of White House National Security Adviser Michael Flynn:
Nov. 17 — President-elect Donald Trump offers former military intelligence chief Michael Flynn the job of national security adviser.
Dec. 25 — According to incoming Press Secretary Sean Spicer, Flynn sends a text to Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak "wishing him a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year" and saying he looks forward "to touching base with you and working with you, and I wish you all the best." Spicer says the ambassador texted Flynn back, "wishing him a Merry Christmas as well."
Dec. 29 — The United States retaliates against Russian hacking aimed at influencing the U.S. election. President Barack Obama announces sanctions against Russian intelligence services and their top officials, kicking out 35 Russian officials and closing down two Russian-owned compounds in the U.S. Flynn texts the ambassador and the two speak by phone. Spicer later says the call was "centered on the logistics of setting up a call" between Trump and President Vladimir Putin.
Dec. 30 — Putin announces he won't immediately retaliate against Obama's sanctions, breaking from a pattern of angry denunciations of U.S. penalties. The Russian leader says he plans to restore U.S. ties "based on the policies that will be carried out by the administration of President D. Trump." Trump later praises Putin's restraint on Twitter. "Great move on delay (by V. Putin) - I always knew he was very smart!" he writes.
Jan. 13 — A senior U.S. official tells The Associated Press that the Obama administration is aware of contacts between Flynn and Kislyak, including one on Dec. 29. Spicer denies the timing of the call, then later acknowledges it. Spicer says Flynn and Kislyak did not discuss sanctions. They only discussed logistics, he said, "that was it, plain and simple."
Jan. 15 — Vice President Mike Pence repeats that denial in an interview with CBS's "Face the Nation." Flynn and Kislyak "did not discuss anything having to do with the United States' decision to expel diplomats or impose censure against Russia" in their conversations, he says.
Jan. 23 — Spicer says in his first scheduled press conference that he'd spoken with Flynn the night before and was assured that the sanctions were not a topic that was discussed in Flynn's calls with Kislyak.
Jan. 26 — The Justice Department informs White House Counsel Don McGahn that the White House denials contradict what intelligence officials knew to be true based on routine recordings of communications with foreign officials who are in the U.S. The White House says Trump and other senior advisers were "immediately" informed of the issue. Trump's tasks the White House counsel's office to begin looking into the legal issues involved, Spicer said.
Jan. 28 — Flynn is photographed sitting in the Oval Office as the president speaks with Putin by phone.
Feb. 1 — Flynn continues to serve in full capacity. He makes a surprise appearance at a daily White House briefing and delivers a message to Iran. "As of today, we are officially putting Iran on notice," he says.
Feb. 8 — Flynn again denies that he'd discussed sanctions with Kislyak, according to The Washington Post.
Feb. 9 — Flynn, through his spokesman, backs away from his comments, according to the Post. A spokesman for Flynn tells the paper "that while he had no recollection of discussing sanctions, he couldn't be certain that the topic never came up." Citing U.S. officials, the Post publishes a report stating that Flynn did discuss U.S. sanctions against Russia with Kislyak during the month Trump took office, despite administration officials' denials. The report also suggests Flynn had misled Pence.
Feb. 10 — Trump is asked about the Post report. "I haven't seen them. I'll look into them," he says. Flynn meets with Pence and speaks with him by phone.
Feb. 13 — Flynn delivers the president's daily briefing, sits in on his calls with foreign leaders and joins his meetings with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau. Around 5 p.m., White House adviser Kellyanne Conway tells reporters that the president has "full confidence" in Flynn. Less than an hour later, Spicer tells reporters that the president is "evaluating the situation." Shortly after, the Post breaks the news of the earlier Justice Department warning. Flynn submits his resignation. Keith Kellogg is named acting national security adviser. Flynn is spotted walking down the hallway that leads from the Oval Office to his office just after 10 p.m.
São Paulo (AP) — Brazil's National Petroleum Agency says that for the first time, the country's pre-salt oil reserves now account for more than half of its production of oil equivalent.
The agency said on its website Wednesday that Brazil extracted 1.685 million barrels of oil from pre-salt reserves. That was 50.7 percent of the overall production of 3.325 million barrels.
The reserves lie offshore in the Atlantic more than a mile (1.6 kilometers) below the ocean's surface and under an additional 2.5 miles (4 kilometers) of soil and corrosive salt.
According to the agency, Brazil's pre-salt reserves accounted for 40 percent of total production in 2016.
Israel vows to destroy Russia's S-300 in Syria in case of danger
Representatives of the Israeli Defence Ministry responded to recent reports about the possible delivery of S-300 SAM systems from Russia to Syria. Israeli Defence Minister Avigdor Lieberman said that Israel would destroy those systems if Syria uses them against Israeli aircraft.
The Israeli army will destroy Syrian S-300 anti-aircraft missile systems if they act against aircraft of the Israeli Air Force, Defence Minister Avigdor Lieberman said in an interview with Ynetnews.
"If these weapons are used against us, we will act against them. One thing must be clear: if someone shoots down our aircraft, we will destroy them," Lieberman said.
"It is important for us that the defensive weapons that the Russians are transferring to Syria should not be used against us," Lieberman said.
The minister added that Israel did not interfere in Syria's internal affairs. At the same time, the official added, Israel will not allow Iran to inundate Syria with modern arms systems that would be directed against Israel. According to Lieberman, Israel's problem is not Russia, because Russian air defence systems had already been deployed in Syria and they had never been used against Israel.
"We have an open line, we do have a communication channel. Sometimes it's a complex discussion, but it's open," he explained. "We have been constantly in coordination for several years and we can avoid friction with the Russians," concluded Lieberman.
On April 23, the Kommersant newspaper said that Russia could start delivering S-300 systems to Syria already in the near future because the question had been resolved. Putin's official spokesman Dmitry Peskov declined to comment on the information. Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said that the decision on this matter had not yet been taken.
It is worthy of note that Israel regularly strikes the territory of Syria. The country conducted the last attack on April 9, when Israeli F-15 fighter aircraft fired missiles at the Syrian airbase in Homs after it was reported that an Iranian air defence system had been delivered there. WSJ said that the Iranian air defence complex was destroyed before it was brought into ready-to-use condition. The Israeli aircraft also destroyed the hangar, where Iranian unmanned aerial vehicles were stored.
Pravda.Ru
←
An Iranian drone made several passes by the USS Nimitz aircraft carrier in the Persian Gulf on Sunday, The Washington Post reported on Monday.
This is the second such incident in a week and described by the Navy as unsafe, unprofessional and dangerous.
IOOF's “open architecture”, whereby it offers non-IOOF products and services, along with its microservices-focus approach to IT are key differentiators for the financial services firm, according to managing director Christopher Kelaher.
For example, the open architecture approach allows IOOF to offer separately managed accounts (SMAs), managed discretionary accounts (MDAs), international equity functioning offers, as well as a choice of retailer insurers to its customers, Kelaher today told a first half results briefing.
The approach is being extended to the technology employed by IOOF to deliver financial advice. “We are now moving to create open architecture on advice technology via software and advice tools,” Kelaher said.
The managing director said IOOF is being “proactive” when it comes to fintech and robo-advice, with the firm engaging in alliance negotiations with a number of fintech companies.
IOOF more than half a decade ago embarked on a major rework of its core superannuation system from a monolithic application to a microservices-based architecture. That investment has enabled the company's open architecture approach, Kelaher said.
“Choice is also important with [the] technology space and we have agile, modular IT delivery that supports and enables open architecture,” he said.
IOOF's “microservices open architecture” makes it possible to “plug in and easily integrate with external partners”.
“This puts us in the position where we can make the choice to build or partner with an external party,” the managing director said. “Again, having this choice is a key differentiator from our competitors. Clients often want different things. Because we have the benefit of choice, we are in a position where we can provide our clients with bespoke solutions in a very timely fashion.”
IOOF last month appointed Sharam Hekmat as CIO, Kelaher noted.
“Sharam's experience in large financial services organisations will enable us to continue to build on what we have already achieved and focus on delivering what really matters to our clients,” the managing director said.
IOOF said that it had cut its IT costs in the first half. IT expenses were down $1.5 million in 1HY17, the company reported.
IOOF announced an underlying net profit after tax of $79.4 million for the half ending 31 December.
FILE PHOTO: Protesters calling for an immigration bill addressing the so-called Dreamers, young adults who were brought to the United States as children, walk through the Hart Office Building on Capitol Hill in Washington, U.S., January 16, 2018. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
By James Oliphant and Amanda Becker
STERLING, Va./ WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS, W. Va. (Reuters) - The U.S. Congress made no notable progress this week toward a deal on the status of 700,000 "Dreamer" immigrants, with President Donald Trump saying on Friday that one "could very well not happen" by a deadline next month.
Whether the lack of progress signaled the possibility of another federal government shutdown next week was unclear, but it worried the Dreamers, young people who were brought illegally into the United States as children.
Trump said last year that he would end by March 5 a program that was set up by former President Barack Obama to protect the Dreamers from deportation, and he urged Congress to act before that date. No action has resulted.
"We want to make a deal," Trump said at an event in Virginia with U.S. Customs and Border Protection officials. And he blamed Democratic lawmakers for the impasse.
"I think they want to use it for political purposes for elections. I really am not happy with the way it's going from the standpoint of the Democrats," he said.
Democrats have said repeatedly that they want protections written into law for the Dreamers, who were given temporary legal status by Obama's Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program, which lets them study and work in the United States without fear of deportation.
Republicans, who control Congress, are undecided on what to do about DACA and the Dreamers. They ended a three-day retreat at a mountain resort in West Virginia on Friday not much nearer to consensus than they were a week ago.
The partisan standoff caused a partial shutdown of the federal government for three days last month after Congress failed to pass a stopgap spending measure needed to keep the lights on at federal facilities across the country.
The House of Representatives plans to vote on Tuesday on legislation to keep federal agencies operating beyond Feb. 8, when existing funds expire, a senior House Republican aide said.
The aide did not provide details, however, on the duration of this latest-in-a-series of temporary funding measures.
Democrats have leverage on the immigration issue because their votes are needed to pass spending measures in the Senate.
The next spending deadline looms on Thursday, with Democrats defiant in their demands and Republicans remaining divided.
FOUR-PART OFFER
Trump has offered the Dreamers a path to citizenship, but only on the condition he also gets funding for a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border, as well as other immigration-related measures that Democrats oppose.
Last month, he proposed letting 1.8 million Dreamers stay in the country and become citizens in exchange for $25 billion for the wall, curbs on family-sponsored immigration, and an end to a visa lottery program.
Some lawmakers want Trump's four-part immigration framework pared back, while others want it approved or made even more strict on future immigration.
"If we can solve DACA and border security that may be the best I can hope for," Senator John Thune, a member of the Republican leadership, told reporters at the retreat.
Senator James Lankford was among Republicans who said this week that Trump could give Congress more time to reach a deal by extending the Dreamers' deadline beyond March 5.
Trump reiterated on Thursday at the retreat that all four components of his framework must be included in a deal, a stance viewed as unworkable by many lawmakers in both parties.
Some Republicans say the March 5 deadline lost its power last month when a federal court blocked the rescinding of DACA. That meant the law would remain in effect until the Supreme Court resolves the case, which is unlikely by March 5.
In a research note, financial firm Height Analytics set the odds of another shutdown next week at 65 percent.
Republicans are trying to call Democrats' bluff on DACA, but the Democrats look even more willing to allow a shutdown than they were last month, the analysts said. "What this has become is a very absurd game of chicken," they said in the note.
(Additional reporting by Richard Cowan; Editing by Kevin Drawbaugh, David Gregorio and Daniel Wallis)
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & Closed Captioning CBS 2 2016-2017 EEO Report Explore CBS 2 Jobs and Internships Connect with us on Facebook and Twitter […]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the largest, most experienced local news teams on the radio in America. Follow @WCBS880 WCBS helps listeners stay ahead of the […]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous around the world for its slogan, “YOU GIVE US 22 MINUTES, WE'LL GIVE YOU THE WORLD,” no other radio station […]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, but none have achieved the success and the popularity of the FAN. WFAN is the flagship station of four Tri-State […]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for news? E-mail us your newstips! Our offices & studios are located at 524 W. 57th St., New York, NY 10019. […]
How can a genuinely democratic, equitable and sustainable society be created? Donate to order this gift now!
West Fargo's Courtney Walsh and Talexi Gasal notched two goals each in the win, keeping KnightRider goalies Quinn Kuntz and Teresa Mattson busy with 29 and 20 stops, respectively.
"We got outworked most of the game," said KnightRider coach Alex Hedlund. "We just need to find a way to put 51 minutes together and create more chances."
Grand Forks will open the state tournament against West Fargo next week.
Sacred Heart 66, Hatton-Northwood 64
NORTHWOOD, N.D.—The Sacred Heart boys basketball team edged out a victory against Hatton-Northwood on Tuesday night.
Despite being down 36-28 at halftime, the Eagles rallied behind Jordan Tomkinson, who had 37 points and 11 rebounds. Jack Gerber also had a stout performance for Sacred Heart, notching a double double with 12 points.
"I'm proud of how they fought," said Sacred Heart coach Destry Sterkel.
Park Rapids 59, EGF Senior High 58
PARK RAPIDS, Minn.—The Park Rapids boys basketball team beat East Grand Forks Senior High in a close home victory Tuesday night.
Park Rapids senior center Hunter Jewison posted 22 points, while Senior High's Sam Votava, Christian Dugan and Julian Benson each scored 11 points at the end of Tuesday's loss.
"They came out with a lot of energy and took it to us," said Senior High coach Josh Perkerwicz.
In the end, Park Rapids made a free throw to push ahead of the Green Wave.
Senior High next faces Fosston in a home match Thursday night.
Thief River Falls 3,
EGF Senior High 2
THIEF RIVER FALLS, Minn.—Aaron Myers scored two goals, including the game-winner late in the second period, to lead Thief River Falls to a boys hockey win over East Grand Forks Senior High on Tuesday.
Myers scored the winner at 15:42 of the second.
East Grand Forks outshot Thief River Falls 32-14. Nick Corneliuson posted 31 saves in net for the Prowlers.
Coby Stauss led the Green Wave with a goal and an assist.
Sacred Heart 66, Grafton 56
Bolstered by a strong first half, the Sacred Heart girls basketball team defeated Grafton on Tuesday night in East Grand Forks.
"We were up pretty handily at the half, but they came back in the second with strong defense," said Sacred Heart coach Joann Remer.
Anya Edwards paced the Eagles with 28 points to victory.
Following Tuesday's win, Sacred Heart's record now stands at 17-6. Sacred Heart will go on the road Friday to play Climax-Fisher.
#warriors fans in China rocking some old school classics. pic.twitter.com/3EXIpFFZck — Larry Beil (@LarryBeilABC7) October 3, 2017
#warriors center JaVale McGee making new friends in China. pic.twitter.com/6fPubAutwZ — Larry Beil (@LarryBeilABC7) October 3, 2017
Stephen Curry is the face of the Warriors franchise. But in China, there's another face they've grown to love, Laurence Scott, the official host and commentator for the team.Laurence has worked in Bay Area media for years. But now thousands, maybe millions watch him in China.
The U.S. men's national team put on a very promising display against Bolivia in Chester, Pa. (Getty)
CHESTER, Pa. — It was only Bolivia. It was only a friendly. But the U.S. men's national team's first of three May and June matches felt like exactly what it was supposed to feel like: the start of a new era.
The U.S. beat Bolivia 3-0 on goals from Walker Zimmerman, Josh Sargent and Tim Weah at a two-thirds-full Talen Energy Stadium. It made quick work of the visiting South Americans with a lineup featuring four debutants and four teenagers. Two of those teenagers found the back of the net in an overall impressive U.S. performance.
Here are five takeaways from it:
1. Weston McKennie was the best player on the field
If one U.S. player won the opening week of camp, it was Weston McKennie. And he capped it off with an excellent holding midfield performance in interim manager Dave Sarachan's 4-1-4-1. He is making the position his. And it could well be his for the next decade-plus. At 19, he already looks like a future national team captain. And he was the best player on the field Monday night.
There wasn't a single easily apparent flaw in his performance. He was strong in duels, winning possession back for the U.S. in both the defensive and attacking halves. He won tackles and sprung attacks charging toward the opposing penalty area. He cut off Bolivia attacks with slide tackles tracking back toward his own area. In possession, he moved well, creating angles for himself to receive passes from the center backs. He went forward when he sensed space and opportunity ahead of him.
Thought Weston McKennie quietly had a good game vs Bolivia… pic.twitter.com/CojvXvEips — Paul Carr (@PaulCarrTM) May 29, 2018
In general, he was commanding. He even brought a bit of chippiness to the game in the second half. He seems like a must-start, no matter the importance of the game, in the deepest midfield role moving forward.
Story Continues
“I was more familiar with the role I was playing, because I've played it back at Schalke” McKennie said of his position in front of the back four. “Maybe sometimes I was a little too comfortable,” he said, referencing the odd turnover. “But nothing bad happened from it.”
2. Tim Weah showed a lot of promise
Tim Weah is still a bit raw. Just a bit. A few sloppy final-third touches early on let that be known. But there was a lot to like from the PSG forward's 60 minutes.
“He was all over the shop,” Sarachan said of the 18-year-old. “He looked like a kid that has never played at a higher level. [Then he was] flying a beating guy. He was the prototypical young, nervous guy.”
Weah played on the right, and had some nice variety to his movement. He came inside to combine with midfielders and Sargent. He even interchanged with Sargent when the striker vacated his post. And he was also quick to anticipate opportunities to run in behind.
He got his first U.S. goal knifing into the box, from the right all the way to the near post:
Tim Weah joins in on the fun with his first USMNT goal! pic.twitter.com/A9p4hcErtO — FOX Soccer (@FOXSoccer) May 29, 2018
“He's gonna be a good player,” Sarachan said. “But he's got some growing to do, and some maturing to do as a player. So what you saw is kinda where he's at.”
3. Josh Sargent looks like a future fixture at striker
Sargent, like Weah, is not the finished product. He had several opportunities in front of goal and didn't quite take them with conviction. But the fact that he was getting those opportunities – and helping create a few for others – was great to see. He combined several times with Weah at the top of the box. His hold-up play was strong.
“He has a frame; he understands what he's about in terms of being a forward,” Sarachan said after the game.
And he, too, got his goal. It was a terrible giveaway from the Bolivian keeper. But it was still an impressive interception and finish:
Josh Sargent picks off a bad pass from the keeper to score in his USMNT debut! pic.twitter.com/yGual0ejYt — FOX Soccer (@FOXSoccer) May 29, 2018
“We're very thin at the No. 9 position in American soccer,” Sarachan admitted after the game. Sargent, therefore, has an opportunity to take this position by the scruff of the neck and, like McKennie in midfield, make it his.
“I'm not projecting Josh to be a starter from here on in with the men's team,” Sarachan said. “But he possesses a certain mentality and frame, why not look at him? We need goalscorers. We need to give them opportunities.”
4. Rubio Rubin's best U.S. performance
Rubio Rubin didn't come into the game with the hype of Sargent, Weah, or many of the other youngsters. But he's only 22, and he may just have put in his best national team performance yet.
He played off the left, and did much of his work cutting inside. He did well to win a few 50-50 balls. On his best play of the night, he came across the field to release Weah with a perfectly weighted ball. He also skinned a defender with a stepover and went down the line to get a decent left-footed cross off. He was the second-best U.S. player in the first half behind McKennie.
5. Christian Pulisic was quiet …
… And that's … not a bad thing? Throughout World Cup qualifying, the U.S. was overly reliant on the 19-year-old Dortmund winger. Monday night, it was anything but. In fact, a surprisingly high percentage of the USMNT's promising attacks didn't go through Pulisic at all.
And in all honestly, Pulisic wasn't very good. He played centrally next to Joe Corona. He looked like a player ready for the offseason to be here. And it's tough to blame him. He admitted Sunday that his legs were tired. And that showed.
“Christian looked like he's ready to take a break,” Sarachan said after the match.
But he isn't a worry. He'll be good when the U.S. needs him to be good. That the Yanks were good without him being good was a major positive.
“In the system we play, we have Josh up high, but we wanted guys like Joe Corona, guys like Christian, McKennie to have fluid movement through the game.
“That's the point of being a team. You can't rely on one guy. That's the whole idea of trying to bring some young forwards into the mix. To just rely on Christian to be your sole guy, it's too much for him, and it's not fair. So we want to share the wealth, and I thought the guys did that pretty well tonight.”
More takeaways
Erik Palmer-Brown didn't have too much to do, but made one really nice sliding clearance of a cross lunging back toward his own goal. He also did well to shepherd out one or two Bolivia attacks. Sarachan, after the match, praised both center backs' organization and communication.
Walker Zimmerman might not be the best defender in the U.S. center back pool, but he might be the best in the air. And he skied to score the game's opening goal.
Walker Zimmerman rises above the defense to head home the first goal of the night! pic.twitter.com/4cWsFhQYm8 — FOX Soccer (@FOXSoccer) May 28, 2018
Antonee Robinson had an outstanding debut at left back.
Dave Sarachan had been criticized for not giving enough minutes to the kids. There will be no such criticism after Monday night. We saw everybody we wanted to see. And most of them showed well.
The full U.S. lineup: Alex Bono; Eric Lichaj, Walker Zimmerman, Erik Palmer-Brown, Antonee Robinson; Weston McKennie; Tim Weah, Christian Pulisic, Joe Corona, Rubio Rubin; Josh Sargent.
The substitutes were Julian Green, Keaton Parks, Andrija Novakovich, Matt Olosunde, Lynden Gooch and Jorge Villafana.
The U.S. now heads to Europe for friendlies against France and Ireland. Expect anywhere between a half-dozen and a dozen roster changes to be announced Tuesday.
– – – – – – –
Henry Bushnell covers global soccer for Yahoo Sports. Have a tip? Question? Comment? Email him at henrydbushnell@gmail.com, or follow him on Twitter @HenryBushnell, and on Facebook.
More soccer from Yahoo Sports:
• 2018 World Cup preview hub
• Pulisic returns to USMNT with spotlight inescapable
• Julian Green: Enigma? Or ‘just a normal guy'?
• USMNT's next generation is sprouting before our eyes
• Meet Bjorn Johnsen, the other dual national the USMNT missed
Apple seeded macOS High Sierra 10.13.6 Developer Beta 1 on Wednesday, even while we still wait for the public release of macOS High Sierra 10.13.5. Mum's the word on features in the new release cycle, even while all eyes turn to next week's World Wide Developer Conference.
Apple also released a developer beta of iOS 11.4.1. Note the point release for the just-released version of iOS (iOS 11.4), while the developer beta for macOS High Sierra is jumping from 10.13.5 to 10.13.6. Of course, Apple could also release a developer beta for 10.13.5.1 once 10.13.5 itself is released.
Apple Developer Betas
Developers can provision their Macs at the Apple Developer Connection. Macs that have been provisioned for the developer beta program will find the update in the Mac App Store.
NEW DELHI (AP) — Afghanistan is set to play its debut cricket test next year against India, with dates and a venue expected to be announced soon.
Afghanistan and Ireland were elevated to full test membership of the International Cricket Council last June, and Ireland has already confirmed its inaugural test match will be against Pakistan in May.
Board of Control for Cricket in India Rahul Johri posted a message on social media after Monday's special general meeting in Delhi to say "India to play inaugural test against Afghanistan. Welcome them to five-day cricket."
Afghanistan Cricket Board officials met with Johri in October in Mumbai, requesting the No. 1-ranked team take on the newest member of sport's elite.
ACB chief executive Shafiq Stanikzai responded on Twitter, thanking the BCCI for accepting the offer "to play our inaugural test match with India (our) traditional friends. My dream come true so as most of Afghan Cricket lovers,"
Apple has FaceTime, Microsoft has Skype, Google has Hangouts, and now Amazon has Chime. They're all video chat services, and now Amazon is in on the game across the Mac, Windows, iOS, and Android. Chime is more business focused with features like 100-people conference call support and corporate directories. It's free for one-on-one conversations, adds in screen sharing and the corporate directory feature for US$2.50 a month per user, and $15 a month gets you all that plus meeting scheduling along with video and audio recording. Apple doesn't have much to worry about since FaceTime targets individual users, but Skype and Hangouts better watch out because Chime is clearly targeting their users.
Check It Out: Amazon Intros Chime Video Chat Service
AP photo
The internal committee of the Ministry of Defense of India supported the draft agreement on the creation of the fifth-generation fighter aircraft. The latest development has marked progress for the Russian-Indian deal for the creation of the fifth-generation FGFA fighter aircraft on the basis of the Su-57 (formerly known as PAK FA T-50).
The parties only need to consider the question of rights transfer. The Indian side insists Russian engineers should fully transfer all necessary technologies to localize the full cycle of the production of the aircraft.
According to Dmitry Shugaev, the head of the Federal Service for Military-Technical Cooperation, India will receive full intellectual rights for the new aircraft. "If a contract is signed, the FGFA will not be inferior to our PAK FA (T-50). No country in the world, except Russia, has delivered such sensitive technologies to India. India will get not just an airplane - it will get rights to its property," the Russian official said.
The parties to the agreement also negotiate what engines should be installed for the new aircraft. The Indian side insists on a second-generation engine, whereas Russia uses first-stage engines for its aircraft.
Pravda.Ru
Read article on the Russian version of Pravda.Ru
American Aquarium, "Things Change" (New West)
American Aquarium is a most appropriate name for the band that made "Things Change," because frontman BJ Barham presents his life for all to see.
Earnest and intense, the North Carolina native sings about marriage, parenthood and divorcing his former band. He quotes his wife, his father and Tom Petty. He delves into his drinking, his politics and his passion for writing songs and righting wrongs.
The humor Barham shows in concert is mostly absent. But he's likable and literate, delivering heavily autobiographical heartland rock with heart on sleeve.
Best is the anthemic opener, "The World Is On Fire," which recounts the reaction in the Barham household to the 2016 presidential election. Weepy pedal steel reflects the mood before Barham sings, "We must go boldly into the darkness and be the light."
There's empathy for those who voted the other way, too. On "Tough Folks" Barham sings, "I saw firsthand what desperation makes good people do."
The album's supporting cast — including producer John Fullbright — is fully invested in helping Barham explore his inner Springsteen, before power chords give way to twang down the stretch. On the closing "'Til the Final Curtain Falls," a lovely, gospel-tinged ballad of devotion, Barham sounds more relaxed but still fully committed, even as he leads the band out in a spacey coda.
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration has approved the first drug to slow kidney decline in patients with the most common inherited kidney disease.
Jynarque (jihn-AR'-kew), from Japan's Otsuka Pharmaceutical, was approved Tuesday for autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease.
The progressive genetic disorder is the fourth-leading cause of kidney failure. It causes fluid-filled cysts to develop in and damage kidneys.
The FDA rejected it in 2013 but approved it after the drugmaker did an additional study. That one-year study, involving 1,370 patients with advanced disease, found the drug on average slowed kidney function decline about 35 percent more than dummy pills.
Otsuka says the drug, also known as tolvaptan, will cost $13,401 per month without insurance.
Jynarque can cause serious, even fatal liver injury, excessive urination and other side effects.
Transcript for Celebrate Tax Day 2017 with these deals and freebies
Today is the day the tax man comet procrastinators had three extra days this year some companies so. Have ways of easing the pain jetBlue with an intriguing deal airline offering a chance to win a free one way flight but only. If you owe Uncle Sam. And to get rid of that post tax day stressed planet fitness is offering a free Hydro massage starting Saturday. Yet to get correct it hit how good to me.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
A homeless man's car breaks down, then strangers help to put his life back on track
22:56 Reported News Briefs Av 22, 5777 , 14/08/17 Av 22, 5777 , 14/08/17 This Holocaust monument in Belarus is haunting — and subversive The Soviet-era monument to victims of Nazi atrocities is one of the largest such monuments in the world, the size of 10 football fields. Read more ► ◄ Last Briefs
An Arizona lawmaker who repeatedly harassed women has become the first since the swell of the #MeToo movement to get kicked out of office by colleagues but likely will not be the last to face repercussions amid intensifying scrutiny of sexual misconduct in state legislatures.
The heightened focus on harassment and misconduct has led to growing calls for change in a year that already has seen an unusually large number of women expressing interest in running for office.
"This conduct perpetuates the good-old-boys culture all too familiar to women in workplaces across the nation," said Ohio state Rep. Teresa Fedor, one of several female Democratic lawmakers who called this week for the resignation of Republican Rep. Bill Seitz because of offense remarks. "Women and men deserve better, not more of the same tired excuses. It's time for a change."
With his expulsion on Thursday, Arizona Rep. Don Shooter became the 15th state lawmaker to leave office since the start of 2017 (the others resigned) after being accused of sexual misconduct. About 20 others have faced lesser consequences, ranging from forced apologies to suspensions to the loss of powerful leadership posts, according to a state-by-state review by The Associated Press.
Sexual harassment investigations are ongoing against other state lawmakers, including in California, Hawaii, Kentucky and Oregon. On Friday, the Democratic leaders of the California Assembly and Senate released records that show four current lawmakers have faced such complaints since 2006, although none was formally disciplined. They include a 2017 allegation against a female lawmaker, Democratic Assemblywoman Autumn Burke, who later took responsibility for engaging in sexually charged banter.
The issue is already beginning to resonate in election campaigns. Women have stepped forward as candidates in five of the eight upcoming elections across the nation to replace lawmakers who resigned amid sexual misconduct allegations.
In California, a former legislative staffer who says she was aware that a co-worker was being sexually harassed is now running for the lawmaker's seat. The alleged incident happened years ago when former Assemblyman Raul Bocanegra was serving as chief of staff for another lawmaker. Bocanegra resigned in November amid multiple allegations.
Yolie Anguiano said she decided to run for Bocanegra's seat in Los Angeles' San Fernando Valley after the allegations surfaced and that she regrets not speaking up at the time about what she knew. Anguiano said she was fearful of retaliation and believes electing more women is critical to addressing issues such as health care and education.
"I want to have that seat at the table to bring up these policy issues but also to hold those folks who are hurting other people, whether they are men and women, to hold them accountable," she said.
In Oklahoma, Amber Jensen, a Democrat who represents a rural part of the state, is running to replace former state Sen. Bryce Marlatt, who resigned in September after being charged with sexual battery stemming from an incident with an Uber driver. Jenson said she attended last year's women's march in Oklahoma City and was inspired to see so many women stepping forward.
"I feel like a woman's voice is missing from the very conversations that affect all women," Jensen said. "I am tired of men making decisions for women."
In what could be a historic election, many women have said they plan to run for office this year for the first time at all levels of government, from statehouses to Congress. That is driven largely by Democratic frustration over the election of President Donald Trump, but the #MeToo movement also is playing a role.
Experts say lawmaker resignations and retirements can provide an opportunity for women, because it's easier for a political newcomer to be competitive in an open seat rather than challenging an incumbent with name recognition and a stockpile of campaign cash.
"When the issue is sexual harassment and men behaving very badly, it also opens up a window for a woman candidate," said Debbie Walsh, who leads the Center for American Women and Politics at Rutgers University. "Whether it's true or not, women are perceived to be more ethical and honest and far less likely to behave in the manner that these lawmakers did."
Some men also are citing accusations of sexual misconduct against male lawmakers as part of their impetus for mounting electoral challenges this year.
Brian Kent Strow, an economics professor at Western Kentucky University, said he was frustrated when negotiations to fix the state's multi-billion public pension debt fell apart last fall following reports that four Republican lawmakers had secretly signed a sexual harassment settlement. One of those lawmakers was Rep. Michael Meredith, Strow's representative and someone he had voted for in the past.
When the daughter of one of Meredith's Republican colleagues subsequently accused the lawmaker of sending her inappropriate Facebook messages, Strow decided to challenge Meredith in the Republican primary.
"That made me upset, that the real business of the state would get sidetracked because people were misbehaving personally," said Strow, adding: "I had basically had enough."
Meredith declined to comment Friday about the accusations or his re-election bid.
———
Associated Press writers Adam Beam in Frankfort, Kentucky, Bob Christie in Phoenix and Julie Carr Smyth in Columbus, Ohio, contributed to this report.
Portugal's government has proved its critics wrong, slashing the debt-heavy country's budget deficit to its lowest level in more than 40 years despite warnings that its anti-austerity policies could spell financial disaster.
Finance Minister Mario Centeno said Wednesday the deficit last year was no higher than 2.1 percent — well within the 2.5 percent ceiling stipulated by European authorities.
Some other eurozone countries expressed alarm when the center-left Socialist government, with the support of the Communist Party and Left Bloc, took power in 2015 on an anti-austerity platform.
Portugal needed a 78-billion euro ($82 billion) bailout in 2011, after recording a deficit of more than 11 percent the previous year, and eurozone officials feared it could go into another debt spiral under the Socialists.
YouTube
More than two months after the strange build to Rusev's casket match loss to the Undertaker at the Greatest Royal Rumble, we finally have the complete story behind exactly what went down.
Rusev was announced for the match, then he was pulled in favor of Chris Jericho, and eventually ended up back in the match.
Dave Meltzer of the Wrestling Observer noted the Prince of Saudi Arabia requested Rusev for the big match once Jericho was named as his replacement, but there wasn't ever any mention of why Rusev was pulled in the first place. That was until Rusev discussed the situation on a recent episode of WWE's Ride Along, where Rusev and Aiden English reminisced about what went down.
If you haven't filed your taxes yet, there's still time since the IRS extended the deadline to Tuesday this year.
Here & Now‘s Jeremy Hobson gets advice on last-minute ways to save you time and money on your taxes with CBS News' Jill Schlesinger (@jillonmoney), host of “Jill on Money” and the podcast “Better Off.”
It was announced Tuesday that rapper Meek Mill would be released from prison, after having been sentenced late last year to serve two to four years for probation violations, stemming from a decade-old case. Philadelphia 76ers co-owner and close friend of Mill's, Michael Rubin, was the first to announce the news on Instagram. Mill's lawyer later confirmed the news."@meekmill is FREE!!! Just left visiting Meek with @kevinhart4real and I'm on the way back to pick him up as we speak!" Rubin wrote Tuesday afternoon.Just hours after his release, the rapper, who hails from Philadelphia, was photographed at the 76ers home game against the Miami Heat.The 30-year-old rapper had been serving time for violating probation, which notables like Kevin Hart and Jay-Z have spoken out against, calling the ruling to jail Mill unjust and part of a larger racial issue. According to The Associated Press, Mill had been on probation for nearly a decade in a drug and gun case that occurred when he was 19.Mill's lawyer Joe Tacopina also confirmed the release to ABC News in a statement that read, "We are thrilled that the Pennsylvania Supreme Court has directed Judge [Genece] Brinkley to immediately issue an order releasing Meek on bail. As we have said all along, Meek was unjustly convicted and should not have spent a single day in jail."Tacopina continued, "Meek is excited to be reunited with his family, and we, along with Meek, intend to continue to shine the light on a justice system in need of reform to prevent any other citizen from being put through what Meek has endured."Mill himself also posted to various social media accounts, clearly excited about the prospects of coming home and thanking those who had helped the rapper obtain his release."I'd like to thank God, my family, my friends, my attorneys, my team at Roc Nation including Jay-Z ... my good friend Michael Rubin, my fans, the Pennsylvania Supreme Court and all my public advocates for their love, support and encouragement during this difficult time," he wrote. "While the past five months have been a nightmare, the prayers, visits, calls, letter and rallies have helped me stay positive. To the Philadelphia District Attorney's office, I'm grateful for your commitment to justice -- not only for my case, but for others that have been wrongfully jailed due to police misconduct.""Although I'm blessed to have the resources to fight this unjust situation, I understand that many people of color across the country don't have that luxury and I plan to use my platform to shine a light on those issues," Mill concluded. "In the meantime, I plan to work closely with my legal team to overturn this unwarranted conviction and look forward to reuniting with my family and resuming my music career."After the ruling to jail Mill his past November, hundreds of protesters gathered outside Philadelphia's Criminal Justice Center to call for Mill's prison sentence on probation violations to be overturned.Rapper Rick Ross and Philadelphia 76ers legend Julius Erving spoke at the event. Jay-Z also penned an opinion piece for the New York Times, titled "The Criminal Justice System Stalks Black People Like Meek Mill."
July 4 special: Flying with the US Air Force Behind the scenes as Yissachar Ruas flies with the Randolph AFB TX 560th Training Squadron and does an Air 2 Air mission. Contact Editor Yissachar Ruas,
top
Congressman Joe Barton gets emotional discussing shooting at baseball practice. pic.twitter.com/Ztuomo2sy3 — Globalnews.ca (@globalnews) June 14, 2017
A visibly shaken Senator Joe Barton (R-TX), still in his baseball uniform and accompanied by his young son Jack, spoke to reporters about the chaos that erupted when a shooter opened fire on the Republican congressional baseball team's practice this morning. House Majority Whip Steve Scalise was shot along with four other people before a combination of Scalise's security detail and Alexandra, Virginia police shot and captured the assailant.
“A shooter came out to practice, started shooting,” Barton told CBS News reporters. “He shot at Trent Kelly our third baseman, Steve Scalise, our second basemen. He hit Steve Scalise.”
The attack began abruptly when the shooter walked onto the practice field. Barton estimates the attack lasted “five to ten minutes… there were dozens if not hundreds of shots fired. It was scary.” Congressmen, staffers, and security were trying to take cover wherever they could — in the dugout, on the ground, or under nearby vehicles — the latter being where Barton's son Jack hid. His other son, Brad Barton, sheltered in the batting cage. Other eyewitness accounts indicate the shooter had enough time to reload his weapon as the congressmen were “screaming for help.”
Barton had to pause to collect himself as he described the moment when security and police entered the fray. “Scalise's security detail and Capitol Hill police immediately began to return fire,” said Barton, with some difficulty. “The Alexander police also immediately came and began to return fire.”
Thanks to the swift response of law enforcement, no one but the shooter was killed. The shooter has been identified as James T. Hodgkinson of St. Louis. In addition to Scalise, two Capitol Hill police officers were shot, as was Matt Mika, 38, a former Congressional staffer and the director of government relations for the Washington office of Tyson Foods. Other casualties have not yet been identified, nor have their medical conditions been released.
“I think the security detail saved a lot of lives because they attacked the shooter,” said Barton. “So the heroes are the Capitol Hill police, Alexander police, and Steve Scalise's security detail.”
Best Buy Co., the nation's largest consumer electronics retailer, says it will be handing out bonuses to more than 100,000 employees, joining a list of companies sharing a portion of their windfall from the corporate tax reform law with employees.
The Minneapolis-based chain says that this month it will pay one-time bonuses of $1,000 to full-time workers and $500 to part-time employees.
Company spokesman Jeff Shelman said full-time salaried employees on a bonus plan will not get the extra funds.
Best Buy joins a list of others including Walmart Inc., Walt Disney Co. and Starbucks Corp., adopting measures such as giving out bonuses, enhancing maternity benefits and raising wages in the wake of the tax overhaul.
The Best Buy bonuses were first reported by the Star Tribune in Minneapolis.
Getty Image
The “rock and roll” sign. The devil's horns. The maloik. Call it what you want, but Gene Simmons wants to make sure you call it his. The KISS frontman and rap tastemaker is attempting to patent the iconic hand gesture long associated with rock as belonging to him. In a new application with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, Simmons is claiming that he owns the rights to the gesture and that he was the first to use it in commercial and entertainment spaces.
Though the gesture means different things in different cultures — and by some estimations goes back centuries — Simmons claims that it's first commercial use in the entertainment arena was in November of 1974, during his group's Hotter Than Hell tour. Now, he wants the Patent Office to agree that the gesture is his alone. In an application filed on June 9, it looks like Simmons is seeking standing to go after any artist that whips out the horns in a live performance.
His application claims that he's claiming the trademark (of the beast) for “entertainment, namely, live performances by a musical artist; personal appearances by a musical artist.”
The Patent Office has yet to decide whether to grant Simmons the mark. But if he's successful your fave local metal bands might want to think twice before uploading their set to Youtube.
The Justice Ministry's committee for the licensing of private investigators and security services decided yesterday to revoke the license of five security companies in the north of Israel.
The committee accepted administrative evidence that the companies constituted bases for widespread extortion, threats and money laundering.
Growing old is never easy, even (or especially?) for movie stars. For fading Western icon Lee Hayden (Sam Elliott) in The Hero, the passage of time means grappling with the legacy of one decades-earlier performance — and struggling to make amends with a daughter who isn't too keen on him. Nonetheless, he'll aim to make one final comeback, on screen and off, in this new drama that debuts its first trailer exclusively at Yahoo Movies now (watch it above).
In the preview, Elliott's Hayden laments the fact that he's now sought after not for juicy roles, but for barbecue sauce radio ads and lifetime achievement awards, which he interprets as a sure sign his best days are behind him. Then, an unlikely relationship with a far younger woman (Laura Prepon) gets him thinking that maybe he's not quite ready to be put out to pasture yet, and might still have a chance to reconcile with his estranged daughter (Krysten Ritter).
Co-starring Nick Offerman as Elliott's weed-smoking best friend, The Hero hopes to give its own unmistakably baritoned veteran headliner an award-worthy role when it debuts in theaters on June 9.
Watch a classic Sam Elliott scene with Jeff Bridges in ‘The Big Lebowski':
Read More from Yahoo Movies:
Quavo from Migos isn't the only rapper from Atlanta who backs the Big Baller Brand. Lil Yachty, who's worn Lonzo Ball's Los Angeles Lakers jersey in concert and supported LiAngelo Ball's bid for the NBA, showed up at the Infinite Energy Center near Atlanta to watch the Junior Basketball Association and pose for photos.
📸 A post shared by Lonzo Ball (@zo) on Jul 3, 2018 at 5:02pm PDT
With Yachty looking on, LaMelo Ball nearly tallied a 40-point triple-double in a 122-110 Los Angeles Ballers loss to the Dallas Ballers.
We'll see if any more rappers (other than Zo) turn out for the JBA's next round of games at Citizens Business Bank Arena in Ontario, California on July 12.
The Tolar Lady Rattlers lost their fourth straight district match, this one to Peaster in three sets.
Tolar fell 25-18, 25-11 and 25-14 at home.
The Lady Rattlers will travel to Millsap on Tuesday.
Sarah Weiss Ma'udi discusses what is needed to defend Israel in the legal field.
Gil Hoffman interviews Sarah Weiss Ma'udi, director of the General International Law Department at the Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
Weiss Ma'udi represents Israel in matters of maritime law; water law; international borders; international law relating to natural gas and oil; the recognition of states; Israeli domestic sanctions policies regarding Iran; and Israeli policies with its neighbors.
In the interview, she describes her efforts defending Israel's actions in Gaza to the world and why winning a legal battle can be more frustrating and time consuming than an instant but fleeting PR victory on CNN. “There is no instant gratification in international law,” she laments.
Weiss Ma'udi also tells the untold stories about how Israel is helping third world countries and perhaps changing stereotypes around the world about the Jewish state.
The Pentagon has renamed U.S. Pacific Command to U.S. Indo-Pacific Command in recognition of the growing security role that India is playing in the region. The name change was announced by Defense Secretary James Mattis in Hawaii where he was attending the ceremony where Admiral Philip Davidson assumed command of the newly renamed command.
"Today, we rename the U.S. Pacific Command to U.S. Indo-Pacific Command," said Mattis in prepared remarks. "Over many decades this command has repeatedly adapted to changing circumstance and today carries that legacy forward as America focuses West."
The name change will not lead to the shifting of U.S. military forces in the region or mark changes to the area of operations of what had been U.S. Pacific Command. Based in Honolulu, Hawaii it is the military headquarters for all U.S. military operations from India to California.
According to Pentagon officials the military command's new name is a recognition of the reality of India's increasing role in regional and global security. One official said the U.S. wants to work more with India to help that nation expands its relationships in the region, that includes plans for new maritime security exercises.
One defense official said that since its formation U.S. Pacific Command has always operated in the Indian Ocean as a key part of its mission. The officials said the name change reflects the connectivity between the Pacific and Indian Oceans that is a key factor in providing security in the Pacific region.
In his remarks Mattis referenced the National Defense Strategy that "acknowledges Pacific challenges and signals America's resolve and lasting commitment to the Indo-Pacific." Released earlier this year that document consistently referred to what had been previously called the Asia-Pacific region by the new term Indo-Pacific region.
Mattis stressed the U.S. desire "to seek opportunities for cooperation and open dialogue with our competitors when it aligns with our international interests and the interests of allies, partners and stability.
In a veiled swipe at China, Mattis described the Indo-Pacific region as one that is "open to investment and free, fair and reciprocal trade, not bound by any nation's predatory economics or threat of coercion." And in a reference to China's "One Belt, One Road" global economic initiative Mattis said "the Indo-Pacific has many belts and many roads."
Indo-Pacific Command's new name is also in line with recent moves in Congress that supported a name change.
Last week the House Armed Services Committee included language for the name change in next year's National Defense Authorization Act.
In his remarks, Admiral Harry Harris, who turned over command to Davidson stressed that North Korea and China will remain key areas of interest for the new commander of U.S. Indo-Pacific Command.
"North Korea remains our most imminent threat," said Harris. "And a nuclear capable North Korea with missiles that can reach the United States is unacceptable."
"China remains our biggest long term challenge," he continued. "We should cooperate with Beijing when we can, but stand ready to confront them when we must."
Harris will continue playing a key role in U.S. national security efforts in the region. He has been nominated by the Trump administration to be the next U.S. ambassador to South Korea.
The State Comptroller is investigating allegations that officers in the police's Lahav 433 unit were promoted even though they did not meet the threshold conditions, Haaretz reported on Tuesday evening.
The investigation was opened following a complaint submitted to the police comptroller over a series of appointments in Lahav 433 and has since expanded to other police units.
Bangladesh's government condemned an attack on New York City's subway system, as it emerged that the suspect is an immigrant from the South Asian nation.
"Bangladesh is committed to its declared policy of 'Zero Tolerance' against terrorism, and condemns terrorism and violent extremism in all forms or manifestations anywhere in the world, including Monday morning's incident in New York City," the government statement said in a statement.
Police in Bangladesh said Tuesday that they were not in a position to comment on the suspect, identified by U.S. authorities as Akayed Ullah, a 27-year-old Bangladeshi immigrant. Ullah is accused of strapping a crude pipe bomb to his body and detonating it during rush hour Monday in an attack in which only he was seriously wounded.
Ullah arrived in the United States in 2011 and the Department of Homeland Security said he's a lawful permanent resident of the U.S. who was living in Brooklyn. He came to the U.S. on a visa issued to him based on a family connection to a U.S. citizen.
Law enforcement officials familiar with the investigation said Ullah had looked at Islamic State group propaganda online and told investigators he was retaliating against U.S. military aggression, but had no direct contact with the group. The people spoke to The Associated Press on the condition of anonymity because they weren't authorized to speak publicly about the blast.
Ullah's family in the U.S. said in a statement that it was heartbroken and deeply saddened by the suffering the attack has caused.
———
Associated Press writer Colleen Long in New York contributed to this report.
Proactiva Open Arms crew conduct a search and rescue operation in the Mediterranean sea, 12 nautic miles from the Libyan coast, Thursday, April 13, 2017. The Libyan coast guard says 97 migrants are missing and believed drowned after their Europe-bound boat sank on a perilous crossing of the Mediterranean Sea. (AP Photo/Bernat Armangue)
ROME (AP) — The Latest on Europe's response to the unusually large number of migrants trying to reach the continent: (all times local):
10:50 p.m.
Police in Greece have arrested three Pakistani nationals for holding hostage 16 migrants without authorization to be in the country and demanding money for their release.
Police said Sunday that the three were "members of a human traffickers' network" and that 13 of the migrants they were holding were fellow Pakistanis, three of them minors.
Two of the held at a farmhouse outside the northern city of Thessaloniki were from India and one was from Nepal.
Police say all 16 crossed into Greece from Turkey about two weeks ago and that the people holding them demanded 2,500 euros ($2,654) from each to release them.
One of the Pakistani migrants escaped the farmhouse and notified police, who launched an operation Saturday night.
___
5 p.m.
Profit-hungry smugglers are taking advantage of calm seas off Libya to launch unseaworthy boats, crowded with migrants, toward Italy.
After some 6,000 migrants were rescued from the Mediterranean in dozens of operations coordinated by the Italian coast guard on Friday and Saturday, hundreds more migrants were plucked to safety Sunday from dinghies and fishing boats.
The humanitarian group MOAS tweeted Sunday that it had helped several hundred migrants in nine rubber dinghies and two wooden boats over a 24-hour period. MOAS also recovered seven bodies, including that of an 8-year-old boy. It also distributed life vests to 1,000 migrants still on smugglers' boats who are awaiting transfers to the rescue ships that will bring them to southern Italian ports.
Italian news reports say the rescued migrants came from Africa, Syria, Pakistan, Bangladesh and elsewhere.
AP Photo/Jeff Roberson
ALEXANDRIA, Va. (AP) — The gunman who wounded a top Republican congressman and several others during an early morning baseball practice had apparently been living out a white cargo van for months and was frequently seen working on a computer at a nearby YMCA, where he kept mostly to himself.
James T. Hodgkinson shot House Rep. Steve Scalise on Wednesday before he was fatally shot by police who had been guarding the House majority whip on the Alexandria, Virginia, baseball field, officials said.
Authorities believe the 66-year-old had been living out of a van in northern Virginia since March after leaving his southern Illinois home. The man expressed grievances online about President Donald Trump and Republicans, but authorities said they're still working to determine a motive.
Hodgkinson was spotted regularly over the past several weeks at the YMCA next to the site of the shooting, sitting with a computer in the lobby or at a table in an exercise area that looked out onto the baseball field.
Former Alexandria Mayor Bill Euille, who chatted with Hodgkinson at the gym, said he assumed the man was homeless because he wore pretty much the same outfit every day and carried a bag full of extra clothes. Hodgkinson rarely joined in the political discussions often set off by the television in the room and never showed any signs that he was troubled, Euille said.
“I never saw him get mad when people were talking good, bad or ugly about any of the political parties,” Euille told The Associated Press. “He was just a very calm, rational person, I thought,” he said.
Stephen Brennwald, another YMCA member, said he never saw Hodgkinson talk to anyone and figured the man was a “loner.” Brennwald thought it was odd he never saw Hodgkinson exercise or wear workout clothes and considered asking a staffer about him but never did, he said.
“There's just no way that I would have guessed that this guy would be shooting at law enforcement and a congressman,” said Brennwald, an attorney.
Hodgkinson, who was armed with a handgun and a rifle, died from multiple gunshot wounds to his torso, the FBI said. Federal investigators are working to trace his weapons to find out where they were purchased and other details about their history.
Texas Rep. Roger Williams said one of his aides, Zack Barth, was shot but was doing well and expected to recover fully. Two Capitol Police officers sustained relatively minor injuries. A former congressional aide was hospitalized.
The FBI said authorities are speaking with people who knew Hodgkinson or who may have encountered him. FBI agent Tim Slater said the FBI needs the public's help in piecing together Hodgkinson's whereabouts and activities while he was in Alexandria.
“We're just not sure at this time” how he spent his time, he said.
Kristina Scrimshaw, a bartender at the Pork Barrel BBQ restaurant a few blocks from the shooting scene, said Hodgkinson had become something of a regular in recent weeks. He always drank Budweiser from a can and drank alone, barely speaking to anyone, including the bartenders.
“I didn't like him from the beginning,” she said. “Nothing I can really put my finger on, but he was just not a pleasant person.”
The gunman's brother told The New York Times that the man was upset about Trump's election and recently went to Washington to protest, but Michael Hodgkinson said he didn't know why the man stayed in the area.
“I know he wasn't happy with the way things were going, the election results and stuff,” the shooter's brother told the newspaper.
Until recently, Hodgkinson ran a home-inspection business out of his house in southern Illinois.
His Facebook page shows he was a fan of Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, who last year made an unsuccessful bid for the Democratic presidential nomination. Sanders acknowledged Wednesday that Hodgkinson had apparently been among many volunteers on his 2016 campaign.
A search of online newspapers shows that Hodgkinson frequently wrote letters to his local newspaper, the Belleville News-Democrat, which published nearly two dozen of them between 2010 and 2012. Many included complaints about the same theme: income inequality.
Hodgkinson also had arrests in his background for a series of minor offenses and at least one more serious matter. Court records show that his legal trouble started in the 1990s with arrests for resisting police and drunken driving.
In 2006, he was arrested on a battery charge after allegedly punching a woman in the face, then striking her boyfriend in the head with the wooden stock of a 12-gauge shotgun before firing a round at the man, according to a sheriff's department report.
While trying to drive away from that confrontation, the report said, Hodgkinson used a pocket knife to cut a seat belt. The charges were dismissed later that year, according to the court clerk.
Though no other legal problems are listed in St. Clair County, which includes Belleville, since 2011, Hodgkinson did come to the attention of local law enforcement as recently as last spring.
On March 24, Bill Schaumleffel recalled hearing shots being fired outside his house, which stands about 500 feet behind Hodgkinson's home. When he went outside, he saw Hodgkinson shooting a rifle into a cornfield. He was squeezing off five or six rounds at a time, according to the report of the incident, and fired about 50 shots in all.
“I yelled, ‘Quit shooting toward the houses,'” Schaumleffel said.
When Hodgkinson refused to stop, Schaumleffel called the sheriff's department.
St. Clair County Sheriff Rick Watson said Wednesday that Hodgkinson showed the deputy all required firearms licenses and documentation for the high-powered hunting rifle, which he said he was simply using for target practice.
The deputy cautioned Hodgkinson about shooting around homes, given that the rounds can travel up to a mile. No charges were filed.
—
Richer reported from Richmond, Virginia. Sarah Rankin in Richmond; Matt Barakat in Alexandria, Virginia; Don Babwin in Chicago; John O'Connor in Springfield, Illinois; Jim Suhr in Kansas City, Missouri; Jake Pearson in Washington and Associated Press Researcher Rhonda Shafner in New York also contributed to this report.
Comments
comments
In a back-to-back double-header of their own on Friday and Saturday, the Hawks' softball team swept the Luna Rough Riders four games to none. Howard College had won their five previous games, headed into the four game stent, that extended their streak to nine. The Hawks' offensive production was outstanding throughout the series. They produced double digit hits and runs in each of the four games. Howard College's defense was impressive as well, they gave up only five runs in the series and allowed just twelve total hits. The Hawks' pitching was stellar throughout, they combined for two shut-outs and one no-hitter in the matchup with Luna. In all, it was a outstanding, complete team, performance to get the sweep in such a dominant fashion.
For full coverage and stats of these games, please see Monday's paper.
SALT LAKE CITY, Utah (KSL/CNN) — It may have weighed only 2 1/2 pounds and stood about 6 inches tall, but the discovery of a half mammal, half reptile's skull in eastern Utah has huge implications for geologic timelines.
The skull of the new species, Cifelliodon wahkarmoosuch, came from a snout-bearing, catlike animal with buck teeth and molars for crushing plants.
Its discovery is evidence that the super-continental split of Pangea likely occurred more recently than scientists previously thought — 15 million years later — and that a group of reptile-like mammals experienced an unsuspected burst of evolution across several continents.
“Based on the unlikely discovery of this near-complete fossil cranium, we now recognize a new, cosmopolitan group of early mammal relatives,” said Adam Huttenlocker, lead author of the study and assistant professor of clinical integrative anatomical sciences at the Keck School of Medicine of the University of Southern California.
The study was published in the journal Nature on May 16 and updates the understanding of how mammals evolved and dispersed across major continents during the age of dinosaurs.
This creature, although it was covered in hair and suckled its young, laid eggs like the modern-day platypus.
“For a long time, we thought early mammals from the Cretaceous (145 million to 66 million years ago) were anatomically similar and not ecologically diverse,” Huttenlocker said. “This finding by our team and others reinforce that, even before the rise of modern mammals, ancient relatives of mammals were exploring specialty niches: insectivores, herbivores, carnivores, swimmers, gliders. Basically, they were occupying a variety of niches that we see them occupy today.”
Andrew R.C. Milner, a paleontologist at the St. George Dinosaur Discovery Site at Johnson Farm, discovered the skull site on Bureau of Land Management Lands northeast of Arches National Park. Later paleontologists unexpectedly found the skull in the lab under the foot of a new iguanodont dinosaur called Hippodraco.
The fossil discovery emphasizes that these type of animals and some other vertebrate groups existed globally during the Jurassic-Cretaceous transition, meaning the corridors for migration via Pangean landmasses remained intact into the Early Cretaceous.
Most of the Jurassic and Cretaceous fossils of these type of animals are from the Triassic and Jurassic of Europe, Greenland and Asia.
David Grossnickle and Julia Schultz, from the University of Chicago, contributed to the study, as well Jim Kirkland, state paleontologist with the Utah Geological Survey.
The specimen was found on Bureau of Land Management lands and is held in public trust at the Natural History Museum of Utah, where it is on display in the museum's Past Worlds Gallery.
The federal government provided $300 for the research. The remainder was supported by the state of Utah.
(The-CNN-Wire™ & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.)
RALEIGH, N.C. (WNCN) – An old idea is gaining new interest in North Carolina's General Assembly.
Lawmakers want to look at the feasibility of breaking up the state's largest school districts.
It's an idea that was floated almost decade ago in Wake County.
In 2009, then Wake County School Board member Chris Malone was in favor of breaking up the county's school system.
Now, Malone is a state representative sponsoring a bill that would examine breaking up the state's largest school systems.
Malone (R-Wake) said House Bill 704 would only study whether any school district is too large to be effective.
Malone said lawmakers are just in the exploratory stage.
Nearly a decade ago, Ron Margiotta was the chairman of the Wake School Board and advocated splitting the district.
He still likes the idea.
“It's too difficult to accomplish anything and get things done with the monster bureaucracy in Wake County,” Margiotta said.
Realtors say people come to Wake County for the schools.
The Wake County system is 15th largest school district in the country and some say its size is an advantage.
Lawmakers say the proposed study committee will see if that's the case and look at the various ways to divide school districts.
The bill would ask the study committee to determine if the public should be allowed to vote on breaking up school districts in a ballot referendum or if you should occur another way.
Authorities in California on Tuesday lifted a three-day mandatory evacuation order that sent nearly 200,000 residents away following fears Oroville Dam's damaged emergency spillway might fail.
Butte County Sheriff Kory Honea said, "We have concluded that it is safe to return." He added he had received assurances from state and federal experts that the situation was now deemed safe.
During the middle of a frustrating 2015-16 season, Jason Kidd stopped a film session and polled Milwaukee's players one-by-one as they all sat together: Who did each think was the best player on the team?
It was an attempt to clarify a pecking order.? Giannis Antetokounmpo wasn't a full-on freak yet; Kidd would unleash him as Point Giannis in another couple of months. Greg Monroe was the starriest free-agent acquisition in franchise history, Michael Carter-Williams a former Rookie of the Year for whom the Bucks passed up a lightly protected future Lakers pick (whoops). Jabari Parker was a No. 2 pick who likely expected the "best player" mantle would one day be his. Khris Middleton was surging.
Most of the players pegged Middleton as the alpha, according to multiple people who recalled the session. Then it was Antetokounmpo's turn. Without hesitation, sources recall, he nominated himself. Some in the room disagreed, but everyone admired his chutzpah.
The exercise was very Kidd. He didn't mind confrontation, or making players uncomfortable -- to the detriment of morale in the end. He once benched Antetokounmpo for a breach in practice, and kept Malcolm Brogdon on the pine for almost an entire half without explanation. Some players eventually craved more communication and support.
Kidd had a sometimes strained relationship with the team's medical staff, per sources, and engaged in the occasional back-and-forth with ownership. When owners summoned Kidd to a meeting at a restaurant in New York after Milwaukee's exit from the playoffs last season, there was a chance -- perhaps a small one, but a real one -- that they would decide right then and there to fire him, sources say. (It is unclear if Kidd was aware of this.) Instead, he agreed to tweak some things, and everyone chose the status quo.
Nine months later, Kidd is gone, and the Bucks are undefeated without him against a cupcake schedule. Time and Antetokounmpo have answered Kidd's poll question, a reality Parker must face as he returns Friday after tearing his ACL again.
Parker conceives of himself as a star -- a max player. Extension talks between Parker and Bucks fizzled in October, and Parker will enter restricted free agency this summer. The Bucks were prepared during those October talks to offer a three-year deal worth around $54 million, according to sources familiar with the discussions. The two sides discussed other permutations -- shorter deals, incentive-laden four-year deals -- and the talks never narrowed to a single on-paper offer. Still: Milwaukee's upper limit in annual salary -- about $18 million per season -- was clear, sources say.
Parker bet on himself. If he plays well over the next two months, he will have suitors. The Bucks, at risk of crossing the luxury-tax threshold, will face hard choices.
The Bucks with Parker are good, perhaps very good, but any team lucky enough to find a top-10 (and likely top-five) player must chase greatness during that guy's prime. The Bucks are running out of time to see if this core can be great, and they risk running low on trade assets if they pay everyone and discover it isn't.
Contracts tied to Eric Bledsoe, Middleton, and Brogdon expire after next season. Bledsoe and Middleton will be eligible for contract extensions before then, but either way, they will expect raises in 2019.
It might be feasible to pay Parker, Middleton, Bledsoe, and Antetokounmpo over those next few years, and still have enough room underneath the tax to fill the rest of the roster with decent role players. Deals for John Henson, Mirza Teletovic, Matthew Dellavedova, and Tony Snell (a fine contract) will all expire in that time. Brogdon and Thon Maker, meanwhile, will require new ones.
But is that the team Milwaukee wants to lock into as the end of Antetokounmpo's new four-year contract approaches in 2021? (The original sin was failing to sign Antetokounmpo to an ironclad five-year extension in the fall of 2016. Antetokounmpo wasn't a no-brainer superstar then, but there was also no reason to expect Parker would be better -- and to save the five-year deal for him.)
Is that roster good enough to keep up with Philly and Boston? Despite Kidd's revelation (via ESPN's Ramona Shelburne) that Antetokounmpo offered to try to save his job, Kidd's firing will cause no lingering rift between the Bucks and their star, sources close to him say. Nudging up against a hard ceiling every spring might.
Antetokounmpo is so singularly talented, it's not crazy to suggest he might be able to drag this supporting cast to the Finals at some point. But Milwaukee doesn't yet have a championship-level second banana -- unless Parker gets there. And they may have to trade one of the Middleton/Bledsoe/Parker trio to maintain payroll flexibility.
Pay them all and fall short, and they could be stuck. Parker's future trade value is a huge unknown. Brogdon is a powerful trade chip on his current deal, but perhaps not on his next one. Bledsoe won't have as much appeal approaching 30 on a richer deal as he did this season. Middleton is still just 26, but what happens if he goes from underpaid to fairly paid?
The Bucks have been active in trade talks, including for DeAndre Jordan, and adding another huge long-term salary would likely cost one of their core players this summer. (Talks with the Clippers have not gotten anywhere near serious.) They could rent a center on an expiring contract -- Derrick Favors, maybe -- but it's unclear if they have the assets to work that sort of deal.
Spend on all their key current guys, and the Bucks could be short of both cap space and trade assets. They already traded one future first-round pick for Bledsoe. (The Bucks and Hawks discussed a similar deal for Dennis Schroder before Bledsoe became available, according to several league sources.) They botched a chance to trade Brandon Knight for a Lakers first-round pick that became the league's golden chip. (Philly got the pick instead, in exchange for Carter-Williams as part of a three-team deal.) Flipping the picks that became Norman Powell and OG Anunoby to Toronto for Greivis Vasquez was inexplicable the moment it happened.
They picked Rashad Vaughn over Bobby Portis after a famously heated debate. Their first-round picks in the half-decade before Antetokounmpo left behind little as players or trade return.?(In looking forward, we are all guilty sometimes of forgetting that past transactions -- even ones that are almost invisible today -- have a ripple effect that carries for years.)
It's not really fair to criticize the drafting acumen of the team that found Antetokounmpo at No. 15 and the only second-round pick ever to win Rookie of the Year (Brogdon). Sterling Brown, Milwaukee's second-round pick last spring, looks like a a potential two-way rotation wing -- a precious commodity. But the Bucks have wrung very little value from a lot of assets, including their cap room -- in part because of the constant, churning, "get the No. 8 seed at all costs" ethos dating to Herb Kohl's ownership.
Even the post-Kohl signings of Teletovic, Henson, Miles Plumlee, and Dellavedova -- all in the dreaded midlevel-veteran range that rarely pays out -- followed that pattern. Milwaukee's unexpected .500 season in 2014-15 -- Kidd's first season, starring a ragtag cast of veterans that included Zaza Pachulia and Jared Dudley -- cost them a chance at one final high draft pick.
Parker has to become either their dream No. 2 player, or their best trade asset. Parker and Antetokounmpo can mesh on offense despite sharing a nominal position (power forward). Parker drilled 36.5 percent from deep last season before his injury; he can space the floor for Antetokounmpo, and attack off the catch as a secondary option.?And he will be a distant second option.
Joe Prunty, Kidd's replacement on an interim basis, has already made it clear that everything runs through Antetokounmpo now. Prunty has scrapped some of Kidd's motion-based action for simpler high pick-and-rolls between Antetokounmpo and Milwaukee's centers:
Antetokounmpo used about 14 ball screens per 100 possessions this season under Kidd, according to Second Spectrum analysis of NBA Advanced Stats. That is up to 26.7 in four games under Prunty.
Opponents try to snuff those plays by ducking under screens, walling off the paint and inviting Antetokounmpo to launch jumpers. Sometimes, that will work. But Antetokounmpo is going to win a lot of those games-within-the-game.
The Bucks under Prunty also have cleared out more, and let Antetokounmpo work one-on-one in the Dirk spot at the center of the foul line. One half-spin, and he can reach the rim. Antetokounmpo has averaged about 16.7 isolation plays per 100 possessions under Prunty, up from 10.6 before, per Second Spectrum.
Milwaukee also is trying to push the pace, and setting a few more improvised "drag" screens for Antetokounmpo just after he crosses half court.
This isn't a complete overhaul -- at least not yet. Milwaukee is playing at almost the same pace under Prunty. They still run a lot of Kidd's pet flex-style sets, centered around the elbows.
Prunty makes good use of one of Kidd's favorite gambits: having point guards sprint ahead of Antetokounmpo, hit the brakes, and U-turn into a screen for him -- an unconventional pick-and-roll that presents defenses with a bunch of bad choices. Switch, and Antetokounmpo has a one-foot height advantage (the height difference is so dramatic, it's circus-like) in the post. This works even better when Maker replaces Henson, and spots up in the corner -- uncluttering the lane.
Defenses can switch Antetokounmpo-Parker pick-and-rolls, one reason skeptics wonder how the two might fit. That shouldn't worry Milwaukee. Even that switch will produce a slight mismatch on a lot of nights, and both of those guys are skilled enough -- and explosive enough -- to destroy slight mismatches. Milwaukee's offense has cratered without Antetokounmpo, and Parker can go whole hog in those minutes.
Parker might also unlock more Giannis-at-center lineups -- groups Prunty hasn't used yet. Parker has a lower center of gravity than Antetokounmpo, and he might be able to jostle with opposing centers on the block so Antetokounmpo doesn't have to. Antetokounmpo can guard any position.
The bigger questions for Parker come on that end, where he has mostly been a disaster. Life might be easier for him without Kidd.
Prunty has dialed back Kidd's frenzied, trapping scheme on pick-and-rolls in the middle of the floor. Milwaukee's big men might scamper up to the point of the screen, but they go no higher. Sometimes they sit back near the foul line, and corral ball handlers there:
Milwaukee's wing defenders can stick closer to opposing shooters instead of sprinting into the paint to bump opposing bigs rolling free to the rim; Milwaukee is almost defending some pick-and-rolls 2-on-2:
Watch Jason Terry give Joe Harris the Kyle Korver treatment in the right corner:
You rarely saw that under Kidd. Milwaukee has switched more under Prunty, especially against shooting big men -- like Lauri Markkanen and Nikola Mirotic:
Those switches fuel Antetokounmpo's lethal, mean-spirited transition runs. As defenders crisscross the court, trying to normalize the matchups after Milwaukee's switching jumbled them, Antetokounmpo slices through chaos to rain screaming hellfire. Switches can be predatory.
Elements of Kidd's approach are still here, and likely will be for a long time. Even his critics within the organization credit him for instilling basic habits. Maker ventures out further than Henson in smothering pick-and-rolls. Middleton is a more adventurous help defender; Milwaukee's coaches respect his hoops IQ and give him leeway. On side pick-and-rolls, they still bring weakside defenders way into the paint -- and early:
The Bucks under Prunty are still aggressive, but they are normal aggressive. They look more like the Mike Budenholzer Hawks (before this season) or the Hornets. They make distinctions between shooters and non-shooters. They even went under picks against Ben Simmons on Monday! They don't trap guys who don't merit traps. They don't do stuff that had become, frankly, self-defeating under Kidd.
Ask Parker to do a little less -- less thinking, rotating, moving -- and he might be better.
The team should be better, too. Opponents had figured out how to pass around Milwaukee's traps by the early part of the 2015-16 season -- I asked Kidd about that way back in December 2015 -- and work their way toward corner 3s, layups, and other tasty shots. The average team shoots about 28 percent more 3s now than in 2014-15, Kidd's first season, when Milwaukee ranked No. 2 in points allowed per possession. Teams take the first semi-decent 3 instead of passing the ball around. Fewer passes mean fewer chances for Milwaukee's go-go-Gadget arms to pluck steals.. The math stopped working.
Prunty hasn't changed that math much yet, by the way. The Bucks have still allowed a ton of 3s and shots at the rim in this 4-0 stretch, per Cleaning The Glass. The slate of opponents has a lot to do with that, but the Bucks are also very lucky those opponents have missed open shots; no team has seen opponents underperform their expected effective field goal percentage -- based on the location of shots and nearby defenders -- by a larger margin than Milwaukee since the Kidd firing, per Second Spectrum data.
Still: The schematic changes are real, and should work over time.
The Bucks will almost certainly have a new coach next season. The hiring will have massive leaguewide ramifications. The Bucks need a new calm -- to get everyone pulling in the same direction again. Uncertainty over Kidd's future spawned an anxiety that hung over everything. Tensions extended into ownership, too. The team's three primary owners disagreed over filling the vacant GM position last spring, leading to a chaotic and prolonged search that became an organizational embarrassment -- even if everyone seems happy with the job Jon Horst, the new GM, has done since.
Teams that win at the highest level spend close to 100 percent of their collective brain space on winning. It's much harder to win, even with one transcendent talent, when you waste some of that brain space walking on eggshells and navigating internecine squabbles.
By all accounts, things are calmer now. That's often the case after a coaching change. Milwaukee has beaten three lottery teams, and the Sixers without Joel Embiid. Harder challenges are coming.
Let's see how they -- and Parker -- handle them. Milwaukee faces major questions over the next 18 months, and what happens in these next three will influence some of the answers.
Tustin resident/attorney Rachael Cianfrani, 39, delights as she watches “The Lieutenant,” a rock opera nominated for four Tony Awards in 1975. Her late father, Mark Cianfrani, was the play's lead guitarist. (Photo by Michael Goulding, Contributing Photographer)
Mark Cianfrani, shortly before his death in 2015, cuddles his daughter's three sons, left to right, Ben, Eli and Jacob Cianfrani. (Photo courtesy of Rachael Cianfrani)
Rachael Cianfrani's interest was sparked in reviving 1975 Tony-nominated Broadway play “The Lieutenant,” in which her father performed as lead guitarist, when she heard the play's album two years ago. (Photo courtesy of Rachael Cianfrani)
Mark Cianfrani performs as lead guitarist in the 1975 Broadway rock opera “The Lieutenant.” (Photo courtesy of Rachael Cianfrani)
Two of the three writers of the “The Lieutenant,” a rock musical about the My Lai Massacre in Vietnam, Chuck Strand, left, and Gene Curty go over their music before performing it for the first time since 1975 at the Tustin Ranch Golf Club. (Photo by Michael Goulding, Contributing Photographer)
Gene Curty, right, amuses co-writer Chuck Strand with impressions of Vietnam War-era President Richard Nixon while preparing for a performance of the rock opera “The Lieutenant” in Tustin. (Photo by Michael Goulding, Contributing Photographer)
Gene Curty, one of the original writers of the Broadway production of “The Lieutenant,” a “Hair”-like rock musical about the My Lai Massacre in Vietnam, performs a song at the Tustin Ranch Golf Club. (Photo by Michael Goulding, Contributing Photographer)
Gene Curty, one of the three writers of “The Lieutenant” rock opera, which won four Tony nominations in 1975, highlights his lines before performing for a gathering at the Tustin Ranch Golf Club. (Photo by Michael Goulding, Contributing Photographer)
Chuck Strand, left, and co-writer Gene Curty perform their rock opera “The Lieutenant” for the first time since 1975 in Tustin. The musical explores the My Lai Massacre in Vietnam. (Photo by Michael Goulding, Contributing Photographer)
A painting of Mark Cianfrani and daughter Rachael at age 7 hung in his living room for 30 years. (Photo courtesy of Rachael Cianfrani)
Not long after Mark Cianfrani died unexpectedly at age 65, his daughter Rachael visited family friend Chuck Strand in New York. Strand sent her home to Tustin with what would become a transformative souvenir.
For four decades, a vinyl record hibernating in the attic quietly preserved a compilation of show tunes featuring Cianfrani as lead guitarist. They tell the story of “The Lieutenant,” a Tony-nominated production based on the 1968 My Lai Massacre of South Vietnamese civilians by American soldiers.
Rachael Cianfrani, 39, had never before heard the album.
“I first had to buy a record player,” she said with a laugh. “When I listened, I recognized one of the songs as something my dad had whistled to me as a little girl.”
That LP would ignite a passion and purpose in Cianfrani. The attorney and mother of three young children is now shopping “The Lieutenant” around, trying to attract backing for its revival.
Last month, she orchestrated a presentation at the Tustin Ranch Golf Club with the mission of drumming up potential investors. Actors with the Chance Theater in Anaheim belted out a selection of witty and stirring songs that ponder whether militarism as a whole was more to blame for the crime than the sole officer found guilty.
“Performing on Broadway was the highlight of my dad's life,” Cianfrani said. “I want to do this for him.”
Critical acclaim
When the play debuted in 1975, New York Times critic Clive Barnes applauded a “vitality not often found in musicals these days.”
“It covers a lot of territory, including‐old‐fashioned vaudeville and even a touch of a comic barbershop quartet sung by a trio,” Barnes wrote. “This rock opera is unusual entertainment, sharp in its aspiration, modest in its resources and silkily assertive in its achievement.”
But despite such rave reviews, “The Lieutenant” – strapped for funding – closed after only nine days at the Lyceum Theater on Broadway.
The musical's creators still bask in its afterglow.
“Nothing I have done before or since has equaled that experience in satisfaction,” said Florida resident Gene Curty, 79, who co-wrote the play with Strand and Nitra Scharfman.
Strand, 69, said he will never forget Mark Cianfrani's audition for “The Lieutenant.”
“He was phenomenal. We hired him on the spot,” he said. “It was a guitar-heavy production, so his role was critical.”
Strand and Curty came to Tustin to witness the resurrection of their brainchild from the dust bin of obscure artistic gems.
“It has given me a lift like you wouldn't believe,” Curty said.
Father-daughter bond
That reawakening is owed to an enduring father-daughter bond.
Cianfrani was born a few years after her dad's moment in the limelight. Her parents, who had relocated from the East Coast to Garden Grove, divorced when she was 2, but she remained close to both.
Mark Cianfrani continued pursuing music — accompanying the likes of Ella Fitzgerald. Later, he worked as a corrections officer with the Orange County Sheriff's Department. Mother Karen Cianfrani practices law in Santa Ana.
As a traveling musician, the elder Cianfrani often took little Rachael along to jazz festivals and concerts.
“He taught me the guitar and the saxophone, but I was terrible at both,” she said. “Once he figured out my passion was reading, he would buy me all kinds of books to read together.”
Her father died of a stroke while undergoing surgery for internal bleeding in 2015, a year after Cianfrani and her husband Mike Brodie welcomed their third son.
“Dad was a doting grandfather,” she recalled. “My children adored him.”
Within weeks of acquainting herself with the score of “The Lieutenant,” Cianfrani hired an entertainment attorney to help make her newfound dream a reality. With input from the play's original writers and others, she wants to revise and update the script — and then open the show in Orange County before taking it back to Manhattan.
“I'm confident we'll get it on Broadway,” she said. “Look at ‘Hamilton.' Who would have thought that historical musical would be so popular?”
First, she needs to raise several million dollars — a daunting task on its own, Cianfrani admitted.
“We will host sneak previews in various venues to gain interest,” she said. “Investors will have a chance to own a piece of the play's success.”
Four Tony Award nominations
Her optimism is not without foundation, given the short-lived production's slew of Tony nominations: Best Musical, Best Book of a Musical, Best Original Score and Best Actor in a Musical.
Eddie Mekka, later Carmine on the sitcom “Laverne & Shirley,” starred as The Lieutenant — representing unnamed platoon leader William Calley Jr., who was convicted of murder.
The writers did double duty. Curty portrayed a drill sergeant in one scene and the judge in another. Musical director Strand played the piano.
“We had no money for advertising, so the show did not generate enough box office,” Strand said.
Two days after producers called it quits, Tony nominations were announced — yet “The Lieutenant” already was pretty much out of the running.
“Tony voters couldn't even see it,” Strand pointed out.
Still, the writers relished attending the heady affair — where they watched another musical, “The Wiz,” rake in seven awards.
Afterward, everyone went their separate ways — eventually leaving the theater behind. Scharfman became a court reporter; Strand transferred his engineering skills to the manufacturing industry; Curty went into the insurance business.
Their entertaining yet poignant examination of the My Lai tragedy deserves a present-day audience, Cianfrani believes. Next March, she noted, marks the 50th anniversary of the infamous mass killing.
Mark Cianfrani himself served in Vietnam. He forever mourned the death of his best friend there, his daughter said.
“Younger generations don't have any attachment to what our country went through,” Cianfrani said. “I feel that the time is right for this theatrical take on a painful piece of history. It is both educational and healing.”
Baltimore Orioles catcher Welington Castillo checks on home plate umpire Quinn Wolcott after Wolcott was hit with a foul tipped ball from Chicago White Sox's Omar Narvaez during the first inning of a baseball game Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Chicago. (AP Photo/Charles Rex Arbogast)
CHICAGO (AP) -- Welington Castillo hit a grand slam and drove in a career-high five runs, and the Baltimore Orioles snapped a six-game losing streak with a rain-delayed 10-6 victory over the Chicago White Sox on Wednesday night.
Castillo gave the Orioles an 8-5 lead with his drive against Miguel Gonzalez (4-8) in the fifth inning and helped prevent them from matching their longest slide of the season. Baltimore also evened its record at 32-32 after falling below .500 for the first time since Oct. 3, 2015.
Matt Davidson homered in his third straight game to help Chicago grab an early 5-1 lead. But the Orioles turned this one around, pounding out 13 hits on the way to a lopsided victory.
Trey Mancini had a double and two singles. He scored three runs and drove in one.
Mark Trumbo added two hits and two runs, and a shaky Dylan Bundy (7-5) got the support he needed. The right-hander picked up the win after going 1-4 in his previous six starts. He gave up five runs and six hits in five innings.
Gonzalez got pounded for eight runs - matching his highest total since June 25, 2016 - and nine hits over five innings. The right-hander is 1-8 in his past nine starts.
The game was delayed 90 minutes at the start. And after getting outscored by a combined 16-8 by the White Sox over the previous two games, the Orioles looked like they might get blown out again.
They jumped into it by scoring three in the fourth, with Hyun Soo Kim's two-run single cutting it to 5-4. Castillo got caught in a rundown between second and third on the play for the third out, but did he ever make up for it in the fifth.
Gonzalez retired the first two batters before giving up singles to Trumbo and Mancini and walking Jonathan Schoop. That brought up Castillo, whose grand slam to the bushes beyond the center-field wall gave the Orioles an 8-5 lead.
Baltimore tacked on two more in the sixth. And Chicago's Alen Hanson hit his first career homer in the ninth.
DAVIS TO DL
The Orioles placed slugging first baseman Chris Davis on the 10-day disabled list because of a strained right oblique. Davis - batting .226 with 14 homers and 26 RBIs - exited Monday's loss to Chicago. He had trouble sleeping Tuesday night and probably won't start treatment for a few days, manager Buck Showalter said.
The Orioles selected infielder David Washington's contract from Triple-A Norfolk and transferred outfielder Anthony Santander from the 10-day to the 60-day DL because of a strained right forearm.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Orioles: Manager Buck Showalter held OF Seth Smith out of the lineup for the second straight game because he's ''not 100 percent,'' though he wouldn't say what the issue was.
White Sox: James Shields is ready to return to the Chicago White Sox's rotation. The 35-year-old right-hander is scheduled to start Sunday at Toronto after being sidelined the past two months because of a strained right back muscle.
UP NEXT
The Orioles and White Sox wrap up a four-game series, with RHP Chris Tillman (1-4, 8.01 ERA) starting for Baltimore and LHP David Holmberg (1-0, 2.74) pitching for Chicago.
---
More AP baseball coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
LONDON (AP) — Prime Minister Theresa May is flying to China seeking a major economic partner for post-Brexit Britain.
She leaves behind a divided government, a feuding Conservative Party — and a question mark over how long she will remain leader once she returns.
May leaves Tuesday for a three-day trip with stops in Beijing, Shanghai and Wuhan and meetings with Chinese premier Li Keqiang and President Xi Jinping. Accompanied by 50 British business leaders, May is looking to burnish the "golden era" between the two countries announced by Xi in 2015.
China is key to British hopes of forging new trade deals and partnerships around the world after it leaves the EU.
China expert Kerry Brown, of King's College London, says May's challenge is to "inject a little dynamism into the relationship."
Interest Successfully Added
We'll notify you here with news about AlertTag
Turn on desktop notifications for breaking stories about interest?
Edmonton Oilers' Oscar Klefbom (77) and Connor McDavid (97) wait for hats to be picked up after Connor McDavid scored a hat trick against the Calgary Flames, during the third period of an NHL hockey game Wednesday, Oct. 4, 2017, in Edmonton, Alberta. (Jason Franson/The Canadian Press via AP)
The hats were flying at a historic pace on the first two nights of the NHL season.
Connor McDavid, Alex Ovechkin, Wayne Simmonds and Brandon Saad each recorded a hat trick in his team's season opener. It's the first time four different players scored at least three goals in his season opener in 100 years, since the NHL's first two games back in 1917 when hockey was a very different game.
"Other than it was a puck and three periods and you were keeping score, there was really no similarities," author and historian Liam Maguire said. "You had goaltenders who were basically wearing cardboard, you had no red line, you had the rules in terms of how you could pass a puck up the ice. The guys would routinely play 50 or 55 out of 60 minutes, so it wasn't like you had systems or backchecking or anything."
That was reality when Joe Malone of the Montreal Canadiens, Harry Hyland of the Montreal Wanderers, Cy Denneny of the Ottawa Senators and Reg Noble of the Toronto Arenas each scored three-plus goals in the first two games in NHL history on Dec. 19, 1917. All four are Hockey Hall of Famers and were alive more than 100 years before McDavid was born.
When McDavid, Ovechkin, Simmonds and Saad got their hat tricks this week, they came against well-thought-out defenses and goaltenders with real pads. The same goes for Auston Matthews, who scored four goals in his NHL debut a year ago.
Ovechkin's hat trick that led the Washington Capitals to a 5-4 shootout victory at Ottawa on Thursday was the 18th of his career, most among active players and tied for 20th-most all time. It was also Ovechkin's quickest succession of three goals in his career as he got them all in a span of 6:33 in the third period.
"It's insane," former teammate and current Canadiens defenseman Karl Alzner said. "The thing that doesn't surprise me (from playing with him) is how he can do it in bunches like that, just out of nowhere."
Reigning MVP McDavid was clocked skating at a speed of over 25 mph during his second goal on the way to his second career hat trick at age 20. Edmonton Oilers coach Todd McLellan said McDavid "doesn't go from first to second to third to fourth gear. He just goes from first to fourth and he's gone."
The hat tricks by McDavid and Simmonds were the first in franchise history for the Oilers and Philadelphia Flyers, respectively, in a season opener. Saad's hat trick in a 10-1 drubbing of the Stanley Cup champion Pittsburgh Penguins was the first by a Chicago Blackhawks player in a season opener since Hockey Hall of Famer Bobby Hull in 1965.
McDavid and Saad were showered with hats on home ice, a tradition that dates to the 1940s. Author and historian Eric Zweig said it started with Blackhawks player Alex Kaleta, who went into Sammy Taft's hat shop in Toronto in 1946, admired a hat, scored three goals that night and was presented with it.
"It sort of became a thing after that," Zweig said.
But Zweig and Maguire agreed that the term hat trick actually originated in cricket in the 1800s for when someone bowled three successive wickets and got a hat. It became part of the hockey lexicon for three consecutive goals in the early 20th century and has morphed in meaning.
"That time, it had to be three straight goals (scored by) one player," Maguire said. "Natural hat trick, as we call it today. No interruption at all. Over time, the term as we now refer to it is just three goals in the game in any way, shape or form other than the shootout."
___
Follow Hockey Writer Stephen Whyno on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/SWhyno
___
For more AP NHL coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
___
This story has been corrected to show Malone played for the Montreal Canadiens.
EMBED >More News Videos Nearly 200,000 people are still under mandatory evacuation orders Monday night over fear the Oroville Dam emergency spillway could fail.
The Oroville Dam evacuation orders have been lifted for nearly 200,000 people living below the spillway.Butte County Sheriff Kory Honea said Tuesday that the lake behind Oroville Dam is capable of handling additional rain from an expected storm this week.Experts found no additional damage to "compromise the overall integrity" of the spillway but Honea says that residents should stay prepared in case the situation changes.
FILE -- This undated file photo, shows Abu Mohammed al-Golani, second right, then leader of Fatah al-Sham Front, in pictures posted by the group, discussing battlefield details with field commanders over a map, in Aleppo, Syria. Russia's military announced Wednesday, Oct. 4, 2017, that it carried out airstrikes in Syria this week that critically wounded al-Golani, the leader of the al-Qaida-linked Levant Liberation Committee and killed 12 other militant commanders. Writing in Arabic banner reads, "Sheik Abu Mohammed al-Golani inspects military development and discusses them with military commanders as part of the battle for lifting the siege off Aleppo." (Militant UGC via AP, file)
BEIRUT (AP) — The Latest on developments in Syria (all times local):
4:10 p.m.
The Russian Defense Ministry says its submarines HAVE fired 10 cruise missiles at Islamic State positions outside the eastern Syrian town of Mayadeen, one of the last major IS strongholds in the country.
Russia has been a major backer of Syrian President Bashar Assad's forces and has helped government troops gain significant ground from opposition fighters and militant groups in the war.
The ministry's spokesman Maj. Gen. Igor Konashenkov said in a statement that the Kalibr missiles killed an unspecified number of IS fighters and destroyed major ammunition depots and command posts.
Konashenkov said the missiles were launched from the Veliky Novgorod and the Kolpino submarines in the Mediterranean Sea on Thursday.
Syrian troops with the help of Russian air cover have been closing in on Mayadeen, which has become a main IS hub for militants and the group's leaders after its former strongholds of Raqqa and Deir el-Zour have come under attack.
___
1:45 p.m.
The International Committee of the Red Cross says 10 hospitals in Syria have been damaged over the past 10 days cutting hundreds of thousands of people from health care.
The ICRC said in a statement Thursday that Syria is witnessing the worst wave of fighting since government forces captured rebel-held east Aleppo in December.
ICRC said it is alarmed by reports of hundreds of civilian casualties and the destruction of hospitals and schools.
The head of ICRC's delegation in Syria, Marianne Gasser, said that for the past two weeks, "we have seen an increasingly worrying spike in military operations that correlates with high levels of civilian casualties."
Violence has intensified in recent week in central, northern and eastern Syria between government forces and rival insurgent groups. The violence is also taking place in de-escalation zones that are part of a deal reached in the Kazakh capital of Astana between Iran, Turkey and Russia.
It said that with swelling numbers of civilians fleeing military operations - some camps around the northern province of Raqqa and eastern region of Deir el-Zour are receiving over 1,000 women, children and men every day.
___
10:40 a.m.
Russia's military says its jets have been targeting positions of an al-Qaida-linked group in Syria for two straight days, killing seven militant commanders and dozens of fighters.
Moscow blamed the al-Qaida-linked Levant Liberation Committee for attacking Russian military police last month.
The Defense Ministry said Thursday that seven of the group's commanders and 49 militants were killed in the airstrikes in the Idlib province on Wednesday. The strikes also destroyed a major ammunition depot at a militant-controlled air base.
On Wednesday, the Russian military reported that its airstrikes critically wounded the group's leader a day earlier.
Russia has been waging an air campaign in support of Syrian President Bashar Assad's forces since 2015, helping them to make major advances against the Islamic State group, al-Qaida-linked insurgents and mainstream rebels.
DETROIT (AP) — The PGA Tour is returning to the Detroit area after a 10-year absence.
Detroit-based Quicken Loans has signed an agreement to host a new PGA Tour event in the Motor City starting next year. Still to be determined is the name of the tournament and when it will be played, though it likely would be two weeks after the U.S. Open.
The tour said Wednesday that the tournament is expected to be held at Detroit Golf Club, a Donald Ross design.
As part of the deal, the company will retain its title sponsorship of the Quicken Loans National this summer, the tournament outside Washington that is run by the Tiger Woods Foundation.
Michigan had the Buick Open from 1958 through 2009, a tournament that Woods won three times.
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) — There has been an apparent immigration scam traveling through Queens and other parts of the city.
Uniformed men, claiming to be Immigration and Customs Enforcement officers have been shaking down New Yorkers who appear to be Latino.
The four men looked official, even down to the ICE lettering on their jackets. They stopped a man on a street off of Roosevelt Avenue, and demanded cash — otherwise he'd be taken in.
As 1010 WINS Al Jones reported, Councilman Jimmy Van Bramer said the man handed over $250.
“No ICE agent is going to demand money, cash in order to be let go,” he said.
Van Bramer said fear of deportation has been ratcheted up by the new administration.
“There are a lot of people who are on edge, there are a lot of people who are fearful, and that has created an opportunity for some who would prey upon innocent people,” he said.
The NYPD is investigating, Van Bramer said he does not believe this was a one time scam.
Wimbledon champion Roger Federer withdrew Monday from the Western & Southern Open, which he has won seven times, citing a back injury.
Tournament officials announced Federer's withdrawal on the first full day of matches at the event in Cincinnati.
The 19-time major champion said in a statement that he "tweaked" his back last week at the Rogers Cup in Montreal, where he lost Sunday to Alexander Zverev in the final.
The Swiss star, No. 3 in the ATP Tour rankings, becomes the fifth of the top six players to skip Cincinnati because of injuries. He joins top-ranked Andy Murray, No. 4 Stan Wawrinka, fifth-ranked Novak Djokovic and sixth-ranked Marin Cilic, the defending champion.
Federer's withdrawal means Rafael Nadal will return to No. 1 when new ATP rankings are released on Aug. 21. The Spaniard will be No. 1 for the first time since July 6, 2014.
Nadal has spent 141 weeks as the men's No. 1 player.
In early first-round men's play Monday, Richard Gasquet and wild card Tommy Paul advanced in straight sets. Gasquet eased past qualifier John-Patrick Smith 6-4, 6-4, while Paul beat fellow American Donald Young 6-4, 7-6 (4). Ivo Karlovic needed three sets to knock out Jiri Vesely 6-3, 3-6, 7-5.
In women's action, 14th-seeded Petra Kvitova shook off a first-set loss to beat Anett Kontaveit 1-6, 7-6 (2), 6-3, while Beatriz Haddad Maia advanced with a 6-3, 6-2 win over Lauren Davis.
Of all the things that Lonzo Ball does (and can do) in the NBA as a rookie, scoring appears to be the weakest link in his game by a substantial margin thus far. Through 25 games with the Los Angeles Lakers, he's averaged 8.6 points with abysmal shooting splits of .321/.246/.471—dragged down by spotty shot selection and questionable mechanics, among other things. But in Zo, Lakers coach Luke Walton sees someone with the capacity to become a bona fide bucket-getter.
“He has such a great feel for the game,” Walton said prior to L.A.'s 110-99 win over the Charlotte Hornets on Saturday, per the Los Angeles Times' Tania Ganguli.
The Lakers' second-year coach highlighted the ability to attack the rim and fuel the fastbreak that he flashed against the Philadelphia 76ers on Thursday as proof of his scoring gifts. As Walton's logic goes, once Lonzo adds strength and tweaks his touch at the basket, he'll convert more of his inside looks into actual points.
“You add that with the ability that I think he's going to be a fine NBA three-point shooter as well. . .it makes for the ability to be a very good scorer.”
Walton admitted that scoring won't likely ever be Ball's M.O., though his proficiency as a passer should afford him the space he needs to get his own shots.
“He'll always want to pass first, which will also lead to him having scoring opportunities because defenders are going to be more worried about guarding their own man,” he explained. “But he'll be able to really put a lot of pressure on defenses.”
Clearly, Zo has a ways to go before he becomes that kind of threat. According to NBA.com, the Lakers have thus far scored 99.0 points per 100 possessions with Ball on the floor—which puts Zo 165th out of 202 guards who have averaged at least 10 minutes over a minimum of 10 games this season.
Sign up Like this article? Sign up for the Lonzo Wire email newsletter to get our top stories in your inbox every morning Success Thanks for signing up.
You'll be waking up a little more awesome tomorrow. Whoa! Something went wrong. Try again?
For what it's worth, Brandon Ingram, L.A.'s leading scorer at 16.2 points per game, sports a worse offensive rating than Lonzo's (97.5 points per 100 possessions), and has been even less productive without Ball on the floor (94.7 points per 100 possessions).
Which brings us to the obligatory reminder that Zo will improve. At 20 years old, with 57 regular-season games left to go in 2017-18 and an exemplary work ethic to boot, Ball has no choice but to get better.
There is no scientific basis for the proposed ban on abortions after 20 weeks. Rather, it is a naked attempt to challenge Roe v Wade and end all abortions
‘The legislation passed on Tuesday is particularly cruel: 20 weeks is about the time pregnant women find out if their fetus has chromosomal abnormalities.' Photograph: Tim Sloan/AFP/Getty Images More
On Tuesday, the US House of Representatives passed a ban that would criminalize all abortions after 20 weeks of pregnancy, with punishment that would include fines and up to five years in prison.
The Majority leader, Kevin McCarthy, said that the goal of the bill was “ending suffering and helping people live”, an ironic sentiment just three days after Republicans let a health program expire that could leave millions of children without insurance and two days after a massacre in Las Vegas that the GOP insists has nothing to do with the shocking availability of guns.
The truth is that this bill, like all anti-abortion legislation, is not about helping people and never has been. It's a blatant attempt to challenge Roe v Wade and to end all abortions – despite the human suffering such a ban would cause.
The legislation passed on Tuesday, a move supported by the Trump White House, is particularly cruel: 20 weeks is about the time pregnant women find out if their fetus has chromosomal abnormalities.
Almost 99% of abortions happen before 20 weeks; the vast majority of women who end their pregnancies past that stage do so because of risks to their own health or because their fetus has severe complications. Many women choose to end their pregnancy, for example, after finding out that their child will either be unable to survive, or will live a short, painful life.
One woman, Cheryl Axelrod, wrote today about her “loved and wanted and waited for child”, whom she discovered had an abnormality that would have meant him dying by suffocation during delivery if he should live that long: “You can never know what the right decision is for a family in impossible circumstances until you've been there yourself.”
These are the kind of decisions that Republicans want to put people in jail for.
Supporters of the bill claim, without any credible scientific backing, that fetuses can feel pain at 20 weeks' gestation. In fact, studies show, and the American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists say, that a fetus does not have the capacity to feel pain until the third trimester of pregnancy. Jennifer Conti, an OB-GYN and clinical assistant professor at Stanford University told Vox.com that 20 weeks “is just an arbitrary limit set in place by politicians that has no medical or scientific backing”.
In addition to relying on complete junk science, Republicans are strangely silent about how they are directly responsible for women getting abortions later than they want to. The majority of counties in the US do not have an abortion provider (thanks to Republican Targeted Regulation of Abortion Providers (Trap) laws), and one-third of women who want to have an abortion need to travel more than 25 miles to get one. Then there are waiting periods, mandatory multiple visits to clinics, parental notification laws or judicial bypasses to deal with – to say nothing of the cost of the procedure, which the Hyde amendment ensures is unaffordable for the poorest women.
Republicans enact as many hurdles as possible to keep women from getting abortions early on, and then they insist – with no proof – that seeking abortions later causes fetal pain. It's absurd.
The Republican party does not care about human life or suffering – just in the last weeks, they've showed us that with their disregard for the people of Puerto Rico, the people killed by guns, and children who need medical care. This has never been about helping Americans, just hurting women.
If you're lucky, every once in a while you get to spend an evening with great artists. You enjoy an up-close look at their work, and learn about their philosophy, inspirations and struggles. You get insight into what their work means to them. If you're really lucky, you get to talk to them about your own work. The Ojai Photo Club turns this rare opportunity into a regular event.
Once a month the club hosts a free presentation that's open to the public. In the past the club has hosted talks by rock 'n' roll photographer Guy Webster, documentary photographer Colin Finlay and surf photographer Elizabeth Pepin Silva. After the presentation, club members are invited to have their own print or digital photos reviewed by the guest, and then everyone chats over refreshments. It's all very informal, supportive and inspiring.
The members range from high school students to retirees, and include professional and nonprofessional photographers from all over Ventura County. The atmosphere is noncompetitive, but the quality of work is high, and members seek to help each other get better. “It's a thrilling thing to see a photographer's growth,” says Myrna Cambianica, the club's education chair.
The Ojai Photo Club will host its next presenter on Tuesday, June 20, at Help of Ojai's Kent Hall. Internationally renowned photographer, archivist and educator Lewis Watts will present “Documenting the Cultural Landscape,” which will show the trajectory of his work and depict “how journey and culture are evidenced in the landscape.”
Watts first became fascinated with the effects of migration while visiting France as a graduate student in the 1960s. He began asking the questions: “What happens when people go from one place to another? What do they bring with them? What remains intact and what changes?” These questions still resonate in Watts' work and have propelled him to travel the world, from the American South to France, Cuba and Greece. He recently visited the Syrian refugee camp in Calais and was struck by what he encountered. “There was a consistent dignity,” Watts recalls. “I heard stories of horrendous ordeals, and yet everyone was very generous. They had nothing, but they offered me tea and coffee.”
Wherever Watts has traveled, he says he's noticed “traces of what people have brought with them,” and adds that, “there are certain things that are locked in the past.” Even while trying to assimilate to a new place, people hold onto the essential. For example, strongholds of the American South, like storefront churches and jazz clubs, cropped up in San Francisco during the wave of African-American migration west during World War II. The Fillmore neighborhood of San Francisco was a thriving African-American community from the 1940s until the 1960s, when urban redevelopment destroyed it.
In the 1980s, Watts began researching the old Fillmore neighborhood and found photographs depicting the rich culture that had been lost. They were hanging on the wall in a shoeshine parlor, these priceless memories of a magical time and place. During this time, Watts met Elizabeth Pepin Silva, who was also researching the area. They joined forces and uncovered more photos of street scenes and candid moments in barbershops, theaters and jazz clubs, as well as portraits of jazz legends like Billie Holiday. They collaborated on the book Harlem of the West: The San Francisco Fillmore Jazz Era, with Watts restoring the photos and Pepin Silva writing the text. The book was published in 2005. When it went out of print, Watts and Pepin Silva decided to publish their own updated version.
“More people were willing to be interviewed and share their images after the original book came out,” says Pepin Silva. “So we decided to do an all-new book with 100 more photos and interviews.” Watts and Pepin Silva will be presenting a slide show about Harlem of the West and signing copies of the book at Greater Goods in Ojai on Saturday, June 24. The event will be followed by a live jazz concert.
So, there are two chances to meet the great Lewis Watts and see his poignant work. How lucky is that?
The Ojai Photo Club presents Lewis Watts and “Documenting the Cultural Landscape” on Tuesday, June 20, at 7 p.m. at Help of Ojai's Kent Hall, 111 W. Santa Ana St. For more information, visit http://ojaiphotoclub.com.
COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) — Virtual reality, neural feedback and digital therapy are among five ideas to help solve the U.S. opioid crisis that have won a global technology challenge in Ohio.
Hundreds of researchers, caregivers, service providers and individuals from Ohio, other states and nine countries participated in the competition.
Winners received $10,000 to take ideas into development.
The state is offering the $8 million challenge and $12 million in research-and-development in a two-pronged strategy aimed at driving scientific breakthroughs to address the deadly epidemic tied to prescription painkillers.
Republican Ohio Gov. John Kasich (KAY'-sik) called for the investment as the state has been among the hardest hit.
Winning ideas included using virtual reality for addiction prevention, using neural feedback to support surgical patients through physical therapy and digital addiction therapy based on mindfulness theory.
Below is a list of items from the Tuesday, Aug. 15 City Council Meeting.
Consent Calendar
During the consent calendar portion of the meeting, Council members, city staff or members of the public can pull any item to be discussed. Otherwise, Council votes on the items as a whole.
Special meeting minutes, July 12
Regular meeting minutes, July 18
Planning Commission meeting minutes, July 10
Planning Commission action, meeting of July 24
Financial Review Committee minutes, June 13
Traffic Improvement Subcommittee meeting minutes, April 19
Arts & Culture Commission meeting minutes, May 17
Ocean Water Quality Subcommittee meeting minutes, June 27
Homeless Task Force meeting minutes, October 4, 2016
Meeting calendar/community special events calendar
City treasurer's report, June 2017
Claims and demands
Dana Point Police Services monthly report
National Arts & Humanities month- October 2017 — declare October 2017 as National Arts and Humanities month and adopt a resolution
Adopt a resolution approving notice of completion for the construction of the annual roadway resurfacing project FY 16/17
Unfinished Business
Development update
New Business
2017-2018 Dana Point Youth Board appointments
Report of city-wide parking: parking supply and management options for Dana Point
Discussion of the city's records retention schedule for recorded videos and format of city minutes
Professional services agreement for supplemental plan check, counter, inspection and code enforcement services
Approval of a consultant services agreement with Amec Foster Wheeler, environmental and infrastructure inc. for as-needed technical water quality program/special project implementation services
Approval of a professional services agreement by and between the city of Dana Point and Dudek — to complete a Sea Level Rise Study and Local Coastal Program Amendment
Adoption of a resolution of the Dana Point City Council amending and reinstating the policy relating to the acceptance and dedication of equipment
Resolution for Homeless Task Force
Public Session of the meeting begins at 6 p.m., or shortly thereafter.
To see the budget, click here.
The meeting will be in Council Chambers at Dana Point City Hall, located at 33282 Street of the Golden Lantern.
17:26 Reported News Briefs Shvat 19, 5777 , 15/02/17 Shvat 19, 5777 , 15/02/17 Israeli envoy:Russia nixed revised anti-Semitism definition Read more
Israeli ambassador in Moscow makes unusual criticism, blaming Russia for blocking adoption of international definition of anti-Semitism. ► ◄ Last Briefs
ANCHORAGE, Alaska (AP) — Three hikers have been injured following a run-in with a bear at a campground near Alaska's largest city.
Anchorage authorities say four young people were hiking in the woods around the Eagle River campground when three of them were injured by a grizzly bear with two cubs. They were taken to a hospital with non-life-threatening injuries.
Anchorage police said in a news release say that while responding officers were searching for the hikers they were charged by the bear and shot at it. The bear's status was not immediately known.
The new leader of one of Germany's governing parties says she plans to join a protest against working conditions at Amazon during a visit by company CEO Jeff Bezos to Berlin.
Andrea Nahles, the chairwoman of the center-left Social Democrats, said she would take part in a demonstration Tuesday outside publisher Axel Springer's Berlin offices, where Bezos is to be presented with an award for his "visionary entrepreneurship" in online business and digitalization strategy at the Washington Post.
Nahles argued that Amazon's tax practices and working conditions aren't worthy of a prize.
She is seeking to boost her party's profile after a disastrous election result last year and its decision to enter the new German government as conservative Chancellor Angela Merkel's junior partner.
ANAHEIM — Excuse Rickard Rakell if he feels being labeled as a goal scorer is confining.
It is a label he can't deny. Rakell is the Ducks' leader in that area for two years running and his latest score in their 4-2 victory over New Jersey on Sunday pushed his season total to 31.
Just four other Ducks in franchise history have scored 30 goals or more in back-to-back seasons and Rakell is in good company – Teemu Selanne, Paul Kariya, Bobby Ryan and Corey Perry. And it does beg the question of whether Rakell now sees that number than one he can shoot for annually.
“If I think anything less, I wouldn't be satisfied,” Rakell said. “I can put it that way.”
But there is a caveat to being labeled a goal scorer. For one, Rakell would prefer to not put a number on what he can do in a given season. He has seen how scoring can come and go this very season, with stretches where he went cold and then turned blistering hot.
Spans of 10 games and eight games without a goal have been balanced by seven scored over a six-game streak and eight over recent five-game run. A calm approach is usually taken during the dry spells.
“If you start going down a rough path, it's tough to get out of it,” Rakell said. “If you're feeling that I have this many goals I've got to score in this many games, then it's usually not going to work out very good for you.”
The other thing with the label is that Rakell doesn't want to be known for doing just that. He has eagerly accepted that it is his main role on the Ducks and often studies videos to find different ways and spots on the ice to score, which he has done this season instead of relying on his wrist shot and individual moves.
Related Articles Eric Stephens' NHL power rankings (March 19, 2018) But with things such as changing his stick to use less of a curve, Rakell has worked to become a better passer and his career-high 31 assists have pushed his point total to a team-high 62 – also a personal best.
“I feel like I've been trying to work on being a more complete hockey player and been able to pass the puck more,” Rakell said. “And also keep finishing. It's been up and down this year, and I feel like I've had stretches where I've been really hot.
“In the future, I wish I can continue doing that but I feel like I have more in me. As long as I am creating scoring chances for myself and my linemates, I think we can always get better. I'd rather have the title of being a good hockey player and a smart hockey player than just being a goal scorer.”
MIGHT WAS RIGHT
Hampus Lindholm doesn't throw his weight around lightly. When he does, in his view, there is a purpose to doing so.
So while he's become the Ducks' best individual defender because of his smart positioning and effective stick work to disrupt plays, Lindholm has steadily used his sturdy 6-foot-3, 208-pound frame more as a physical presence.
It was the case Sunday when he separated a few Devils from the puck with well-timed body checks. Lindholm said it isn't something he sets out to do. But when the opportunity arises …
“If I have a chance to push a guy and make me win a puck or the team to win possession, I'm going to do it,” Lindholm said. “I'm never going to try to go running guys just for the fun of running guys.”
Lindholm also had an assist Sunday, moving him four points away from 30 for the season. The number has some significance as the Ducks have an outside shot of having four defensemen with that many points for the first time.
Josh Manson has 31, while Cam Fowler has 30. Brandon Montour needs only a goal or an assist to reach that number for the first time. The Ducks have had three 30-point defensemen on three occasions, most recently in 2014-15 when Fowler, Lindholm and Sami Vatanen topped that mark.
A timeline of key dates leading to the resignation of White House National Security Adviser Michael Flynn:
Nov. 17 — President-elect Donald Trump offers former military intelligence chief Michael Flynn the job of national security adviser.
Dec. 25 — According to incoming Press Secretary Sean Spicer, Flynn sends a text to Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak "wishing him a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year" and saying he looks forward "to touching base with you and working with you, and I wish you all the best." Spicer says the ambassador texted Flynn back, "wishing him a Merry Christmas as well."
Dec. 29 — The United States retaliates against Russian hacking aimed at influencing the U.S. election. President Barack Obama announces sanctions Russian intelligence services and their top officials, kicking out 35 Russian officials and closing down two Russian-owned compounds in the U.S. Flynn texts the ambassador and the two speak by phone. Spicer later says the call was "centered around the logistics of setting up a call" between Trump and President Vladimir Putin.
Dec. 30 — Putin announces he won't immediately retaliate against Obama's sanctions, breaking from a pattern of angry denunciations of U.S. penalties. The Russian leader says he plans to restore U.S. ties "based on the policies that will be carried out by the administration of President D. Trump." Trump later praises Putin's restraint on Twitter. "Great move on delay (by V. Putin) - I always knew he was very smart!" he writes.
Jan. 13 — A senior U.S. official tells The Associated Press that the Obama administration is aware of contacts between Flynn and Kislyak, including one on Dec. 29. Spicer denies the timing of the call, then later acknowledges it. Spicer says Flynn and Kislyak did not discuss sanctions. They only discussed logistics, he said, "that was it, plain and simple."
Jan. 15 — Vice President Mike Pence repeats that denial in an interview with CBS's "Face the Nation." Flynn and Kislyak "did not discuss anything having to do with the United States' decision to expel diplomats or impose censure against Russia" in their conversations, he says.
Jan. 23 — Spicer says in his first scheduled press conference that he'd spoken with Flynn the night before and was assured that the sanctions were not a topic that was discussed in Flynn's calls with Kislyak.
Jan. 26 — The Justice Department informs White House Counsel Don McGahn that the White House denials contradict what intelligence officials knew to be true based on routine recordings of communications with foreign officials who are in the U.S. The White House says Trump and other senior advisers were "immediately" informed of the issue. Trump's tasks the White House counsel's office to begin looking into the legal issues involved, Spicer said.
Jan. 28 — Flynn is photographed sitting in the Oval Office as the president speaks with Putin by phone.
Feb. 1 — Flynn continues to serve in full capacity. He makes a surprise appearance at a daily White House briefing and delivers a message to Iran. "As of today, we are officially putting Iran on notice," he says.
Feb. 8 — Flynn again denies that he'd discussed sanctions with Kislyak, according to The Washington Post.
Feb. 9 — Flynn, through his spokesman, backs away from his comments, according to the Post. A spokesman for Flynn tells the paper "that while he had no recollection of discussing sanctions, he couldn't be certain that the topic never came up." Citing U.S. officials, the Post publishes a report stating that Flynn did discuss U.S. sanctions against Russia with Kislyak during the month Trump took office, despite administration officials' denials. The report also suggests Flynn had misled Pence.
Feb. 10 — Trump is asked about the Post report. "I haven't seen them. I'll look into them," he says. Flynn meets with Pence and speaks with him by phone.
Feb. 13 — Flynn delivers the president's daily briefing, sits in on his calls with foreign leaders and joins his meetings with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau. Around 5 p.m., White House adviser Kellyanne Conway tells reporters that the president has "full confidence" in Flynn. Less than an hour later, Spicer tells reporters that the president is "evaluating the situation." Shortly after, the Post breaks the news of the earlier Justice Department warning. Flynn submits his resignation. Keith Kellogg is named acting national security adviser. Flynn is spotted waking down the hallway that leads from the Oval Office to his office just after 10 p.m.
YouTube
Tonight, on the With Spandex WWE Smackdown Live open discussion thread:
During last week's Superstar Shake-up, it was revealed that The Miz was being acquired by SmackDown LIVE at the request of Daniel Bryan. There is no love lost between the two Superstars, who have a tense history going back to Season 1 of NXT in 2010. The rivals will come face-to-face on SmackDown LIVE, as The A-Lister makes his Team Blue premiere by hosting the leader of The “Yes!” Movement on “Miz TV.” What will happen when these longtime rivals meet? Find out tonight on SmackDown LIVE at 8/7 C on the USA Network! (via WWE.com)
Our five-point preview:
1. The Superstar Shake-Up is in the rearview mirror, but sadly, with a friggin' six-hour Greatest Royal Rumble coming up on Friday, there isn't going to be a lot of stuff happening this week until we can return to our normally-scheduled storylines last week. The good news is that means there will probably be a lot of actual wrestling on Smackdown.
2. Make sure you've read this week's Best and Worst of Raw column, as it will prepare you for nothing to happen before the Greatest Royal Rumble. We're sorry about that.
3. The most important news, however, is that Daniel Bryan will be the guest on MizTV tonight, and it will be the first time these two will be in the same ring since Bryan was cleared. The build to next year's WrestleMania begins tonight! (Just kidding, they're going to have the blowoff match at Backlash. Still; fantastic.)
4. Asuka and Becky Lynch will team up to take on the IIconics, so uh … it was nice knowing you, IIconics! We still love you, even though all of your arms are about to be ripped off.
5. The other announced match for this week is Jimmy Uso vs. Rowan. If you can think of a match that says “the Greatest Royal Rumble is three days away,” I'd like to hear it.
+1 your favorite comments from tonight's open thread and we'll put 10 of the best in tomorrow's Best and Worst of Smackdown Live column. Enjoy the show!
WARREN, Mich. (AP) — Police who found a badly decomposed body in bed in a Detroit-area home believe a 62-year-old woman may have shared the home with her dead roommate for months.
Police in Warren found the body of 68-year-old George Curtis on Monday. An autopsy will be performed.
WJBK-TV and The Macomb Daily of Mount Clemens report Tuesday that relatives contacted police after hearing nothing from Curtis for months.
The woman has been hospitalized for a psychiatric evaluation.
Police Commissioner Bill Dwyer tells the newspaper "it's just bizarre (that) she stayed in the home like that and didn't report anything."
Police say Curtis may have been dead for months.
Dwyer says the house may have to be condemned and demolished due to the condition inside and the odor.
5 Best Ski Lodges In The U.S. A look at five of the very best ski lodges in the United States.
Five Must-See Destinations In ParisWithin the 41 square miles of Paris, France there are over 60 main attractions for visitors to discover ranging from Museums, Churches, Monuments and Squares as well as examples of contemporary and traditional architecture. This is far too many sites for the average tourist to attempt to visit during a short stay in the city of lights. Thus a list of the five most famous and must see attractions is in order.
New York (AP) — Coffee futures trading on the IntercontinentalExchange (ICE) Wednesday:
(37,500 lbs.; cents per lb.)
The PGA Tour began the second half of the season at the Texas Open, with Andrew Landry becoming the seventh first-time winner.
Never mind that it feels as though the season is just getting started.
Still to come are three majors and The Players Championship. Not to be overlooked are the FedEx Cup playoffs. Quibble about points and prestige, but they deliver four tournaments over five weeks of the top available players.
Most sports prefer to become more relevant the closer they get to the finish line, so that's one benefit of the PGA Tour's wraparound season.
The opening 22 weeks featured one major and three World Golf Championships, one of them in Shanghai last October, the other two in March separated by two weeks. Justin Thomas, Bubba Watson and Patton Kizzire are multiple winners. Dustin Johnson should be. Jordan Spieth would settle for one victory at this point.
The first half did a good job setting the table for what should be a compelling five months.
BATTLE FOR NO. 1
Not long after Dustin Johnson closed with a 67 at the RBC Heritage, he left for the Bahamas as part of a three-week break. His tie for 16th at Hilton Head was important. It assured Johnson of staying at No. 1 for a few more weeks, but maybe not by the time he returns at TPC.
He will be No. 1 for at least 62 weeks, significant in that only three other players have stayed atop the world ranking longer since it began in 1986 — Nick Faldo (81 weeks), Greg Norman (96 weeks) and Tiger Woods (264 weeks and 281 weeks).
It might not last much longer. Thomas, who could have replaced Johnson by winning his semifinal match in the Dell Technologies Match Play, gets another chance next week at the Wells Fargo Championship. That's at Quail Hollow, where Thomas won the PGA Championship last summer.
Jon Rahm also had a chance to get to No. 1 in January until a 75-77 weekend at Torrey Pines.
With so many big tournaments coming up, a half-dozen players are in the mix for No. 1 by the end of the season.
BEST SEASON
Patrick Reed can easily claim this because of that green jacket he loves to (and should) show off. Winning the Masters makes it a great year no matter what else happens, and Reed will have a hard time topping this one even if he wins all five Ryder Cup matches in France.
Three others are worthy of consideration.
Thomas faced a most difficult encore after he won five times last season, including his first major, the PGA Championship, and the FedEx Cup. He has backed it up so far with two victories. One of them was the Honda Classic, where he made two birdies on the par-5 18th — with a wedge to force a playoff, and with a 5-wood to set up the win.
Watson won against two strong fields at Riviera and Match Play. Kizzire won't get as much recognition from winning at the OHL Classic at Mayakoba in the fall and the Sony Open in January. But he went head-to-head in beating Rickie Fowler in Mexico and won a six-hole playoff on Oahu. In a rarity, he won twice in a season while ranked outside the top 100 in the world.
TIGER ANNIVERSARY
One year ago, the Texas Open was the same week Woods had his fourth back surgery, and all sorts of speculation followed. Would he ever play again? Did he even want to play again? And if he did, how much would fusion surgery limit him?
The answers: Yes, yes and not much.
He recorded a swing speed of 129 mph. He was runner-up by one shot at the Valspar Championship. A year ago, no one would have been surprised if he missed the Masters. Instead, the surprise was that he didn't break par until Sunday and tied for 32nd.
Interesting about Woods at this point in the season is that he played three of his six tournaments on courses where he has never won.
THE REVIVALS
Even as the PGA Tour gets younger, five players in their 40s managed to win.
Phil Mickelson tops the list. Ian Poulter isn't too far behind.
His victory drought approaching five years, Mickelson was on the verge of falling out of the top 50 in the world for the first time in 25 years when he ran off four consecutive top 10s, the last one a playoff victory in the Mexico Championship.
Poulter had gone more than six years without a win, would have lost his full PGA Tour card last year except for a clerical error and then was told at the Dell Match Play that he was in the Masters, when in fact he needed to win one more match (which he lost badly). Poulter opened with a 73 the following week in Houston, answered with rounds of 64-65, made a 30-foot birdie putt on the 18th to force a playoff and won on the first extra hole to get into the Masters.
Those victories will go a long way in getting Mickelson and Poulter to France in the fall as captain's picks if they don't qualify for their Ryder Cup teams.
But it's early.
Even though one half of the season is gone, the bigger half is coming up.
Keen to spend as little as possible this EKKA? We've sent Sha and Kat into the crowds to see how much they can do at the show for just $20. With that money they must buy a show bag, go on a ride and get something to eat.
We hope you get some great ideas about how to enjoy the exhibition on a budget.
The Latest on Russian President Vladimir Putin's trip to Syria, Egypt and Turkey: (all times local):
10:15 p.m.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has criticized the U.S. administration's recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital, warning that it could destabilize the region and derail the Middle East peace process.
Speaking Monday after a hectic day that took him from a Russian base in Syria to Cairo to Ankara, Putin said the Trump administration's move "doesn't help the Mideast settlement and, just the opposite, destabilizes the already difficult situation in the region."
The Russian leader added that it may "finish prospects for the Palestinian-Israeli peace process."
He added that Moscow believes the status of Jerusalem can only be settled through talks between the Palestinians and Israel in line with United Nations resolutions.
———
8:15 p.m.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has arrived in Ankara to meet his Turkish counterpart, following visits to Syria and Egypt.
Putin and President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan are meeting Monday evening to discuss developments in Syria and the Middle East, as well as bilateral relations, according to the Turkish president's office.
Putin and Erdoğan met several times this year and regularly talk on the telephone as they and Iran work to broker a solution in Syria.
Relations between the two countries were tense after Turkey shot down a Russian fighter jet for violating its airspace in 2015. But the two have since restored bilateral relations.
Putin and Erdoğan are expected to hold a joint news conference after their meeting.
LAS VEGAS (AP) — In keeping with tradition, dozens of couples have obtained marriage licenses in Las Vegas this Valentine's Day.
The Clark County Marriage License Bureau reported issuing more than 110 marriage licenses by Tuesday afternoon.
Its main office in downtown Las Vegas closes at midnight.
A county spokesman, Dan Kulin, says the bureau issues about 120 licenses on a normal Tuesday.
Nearly 380 couples obtained licenses last year's Valentine's Day, which fell on a Sunday.
In an area where people can get married in venues that range from a shooting range to a Denny's restaurant, the bureau is one of the busiest in the nation. It issues more than 80,000 marriage licenses every year.
By LOLITA C. BALDOR
WASHINGTON — For the first time in 30 years, the U.S. Marine Corps will air an ad during the Super Bowl, using an online-only spot Sunday to target a young, tough, tech-savvy audience for potential recruits looking for a challenge.
The high-powered, battle-heavy, 30-second ad shows Marines deploying from ships in amphibious vehicles, dropping bombs from aircraft and hurling a shoulder-launched drone into the air.
“It's not just the ships, the armor or the aircraft. It's something more. It's the will to fight and determination to win found inside each and every Marine that answers a nation's call,” the announcer says, as the camera follows a squad of Marines storming off helicopters into a mock firefight while explosions erupt around them.
The goal, said Maj. Gen. Paul Kennedy, head of the Marine Corps Recruiting Command, is to reach young men and women who have faced and conquered challenges in their life, probably played physical sports such as wrestling or rugby, and have a bit of that fighting spirit.
Network television viewers of the game won't see the Marine spot. But those watching through online streaming services — which charge a fraction of the advertising price — will see it twice.
“I'm not trying to enlist fathers or mothers, I'm trying to enlist 18- to 24-year-olds,” said Kennedy. “And they tend to be cord cutters. They take in entertainment differently and they tend to do it on a device rather than a television.”
The Marine Corps would not provide the exact cost because the specific pricing is proprietary. But the online ad represents a savings of nearly 85 percent over the broadcast price. Thirty-second slots are going for more than $5 million for broadcast airtime alone. And the online ad — which can be viewed on www.marines.com — is expected to reach more than 20 million viewers.
As the military services struggle to meet recruitment goals in these times of low unemployment, they are competing for many of the same young people — physically fit high school graduates who can score 50 or higher on the military's aptitude test.
The Marine Corps is on target to meet its recruitment goal of about 38,000 for the budget year ending Sept. 30. But recruiters have historically found that the months of February through May are the toughest for finding new enlistments. By this time, many high school seniors have decided what they will do or what college they will attend.
So Kennedy is hoping the ad will reach some who may still be open to serving in the Marine Corps. Targeting the streaming broadcast has now become a more effective option as viewership online grows, he said, and is the best way to reach more young people while spending less money.
“I don't have unlimited funds,” he said. “And this is probably the most-watched event, as we move into the toughest months of recruiting.”
The visuals in the ad, he said, go to the heart of what Marines do, deliberately focusing on the fight rather than some of the intangibles such as the potential for paid college tuition, bonuses or other incentives. The images are designed to attract people who are tough and resilient — key words the Marines use repeatedly to describe the force.
The battle scenes were filmed on the West Coast with Marines participating in a military exercise called Dawn Blitz in order to show more realistic scenarios. The ad also shows Marines deployed on the USS Essex, an amphibious assault ship, which was off the California coast for training, to mimic a deployment near the shores of an adversary.
“This ad talks to the fighting spirit of young people that have come up through high school,” Kennedy said. “We want young, tough, smart warriors that want to continue to seek challenges, and we're seeking them from men and women from all walks of life.”
WASHINGTON (AP) — Looking for a little publicity?
President Donald Trump's re-election campaign is trying to raise cash from his first State of the Union speech and giving donors a taste of the spotlight.
Those who contribute will have their names displayed under the livestream of the speech on the campaign's website Tuesday night.
Trump's middle son, Eric, says in a fundraising email that, "Even if you choose to only give $1, the proof of your support will send shockwaves around the world as they see every American who proudly stands behind our President."
The government watchdog group Public Citizen is criticizing the campaign for using the speech as a campaign fundraising event.
The group's president, Robert Weissman, says Trump "is commercializing and corrupting yet another national institution."
Making the Best of the Worst
Fishing for as many years as I have, I feel that August has always been the worst month for the fish to bite; however I decided to make the best out of the worst.
One good thing that you do see in August is less traffic on the water, which gives you more room to work the mangroves and bridges. Here are some ideas on how to make August fishable.
Start early and quit early, or try fishing at night under the bridges. Look for snook at first light around mangrove cuts with moderate moving water and oyster beds. Use live bait before 9 a.m. and cut bait as the day progresses.
Snook, especially the large ones, prefer fresh cut threadfins on the bottom during the day, but their favorite feeding time is at night. Use live shrimp free lined under the docks that have lights on them, artificial baits work as well.
Mangrove snapper will still be around rocky shorelines, bridges and docks. Try fry size sardines or regular size live shrimp. Mangroves are easier to catch when chummed up with small pieces of cut bait or the old standby, a five pound block of chum.
Redfish schools will work the potholes, cuts and oyster bars in the early morning and slowly move into deeper water as the sun rises and water temperature increases. Use a small split shot, 2/0 circle hook with a cut threadfin or ladyfish around docks and anywhere there's structure.
I chum by throwing small cut pieces of threadfin around the area I intend to fish. The scent attracts these bottom feeders; it's just a matter of time before the bite is on.
Bridges are an angler's best friend in August; the best time for bridge fishing is an hour before the change of tide. Bridges keep you out of the scorching sun and in the shade, and dry when the afternoon rain appears. Too many anglers overlook fishing bridges and lose out on some good catches.
You can expect to catch black drum, redfish, trout, cobia, pompano and sheepshead. With August fishing, you need to be prepared for just about anything. I take rods to handle whatever situation may arrive, medium and heavy spinning outfits and 3/0 or 4/0 conventional combos for the big black drum. I also take along a variety of baits such as live shrimp, sardines, fiddler crabs and artificials.
August is a good time for pompano fishing around the bridges using live shrimp, fiddler crabs or blood worms. A faster and more productive method is using Doc's Banana Jig with a yellow feather worked along the pilings.
Captain Sergio Atanes is a native resident of Tampa and has been fishing the water of Tampa Bay and Boca Grande for over 45 years. He is owner and operator of S & I charter which is one of the largest charter booking services in the west coast of Florida with 55 professional captains on staff. Capt. Sergio Atanes can be reached at (813) 973-7132 or www.reelfishy.com
JOHANNESBURG (AP) — The World Health Organization has declared an end to the yellow fever outbreak that killed about 400 people in Congo and Angola, calling it "one of the largest and most challenging" in recent years.
The WHO statement Tuesday says 965 cases were confirmed but thousands of others had been suspected. Neither country had reported a new confirmed case in the past six months.
Angola in late December declared an end to its outbreak, and Congo made its announcement Tuesday.
The global health agency said more than 30 million people were vaccinated in emergency campaigns to control the outbreak in the two neighboring countries, which have among the world's weakest health systems.
"This unprecedented response exhausted the global stockpile of yellow fever vaccines several times," WHO said.
CHICAGO (AP) — Investigators say communication problems between flight attendants and pilots put evacuating passengers at more risk after an American Airlines plane caught fire in 2016 at Chicago O'Hare International Airport.
The National Transportation Safety Board said Tuesday that flight attendants didn't know how to use the intercom system to speak with pilots before they directed passengers to use an emergency exit behind an engine that was still running.
One passenger was hurt after being knocked to the ground by a jet blast from the engine.
The NTSB says the fire started when pieces of an engine disc broke off and pierced a fuel line with such force that one piece was found a half mile away. The board recommends that federal regulators require improved high-tech inspections of the discs during manufacturing.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
PARIS (AP) — Hundreds of white-jacketed chefs and other French dignitaries are paying tribute to Paul Bocuse, often referred to as the "pope of French cuisine."
Bocuse died Jan. 20 at 91 in Collonges-au-Mont-d'or, where he was born and had his temple to French gastronomy, L'Auberge du Pont de Collonges.
Renowned chefs lined the pews of the Saint-Jean Cathedral in the culinary mecca of Lyon for Friday's funeral.
Speakers celebrated "Monsieur Paul" and his contribution to French cuisine and its global image as both refined and convivial. He was a pioneer in branding his cooking and image, and creating a worldwide restaurant empire.
A fan of butter and fresh produce, Bocuse's specialties included truffle soup topped with a golden bubble of pastry and fricassee of Bresse chicken served in cream with morilles.
Dylann Roof's fate will soon be back in the hands of the jurors who found him guilty of killing nine black parishioners at a church in Charleston, South Carolina.
The sentencing phase of Roof's federal trial, in which he could face the death penalty, is set to begin Tuesday.
Roof, 22, has said he intends to represent himself for the sentencing phase of the trial, although U.S. District Judge Richard Gergel has said he does not support Roof's decision. Roof told Gergel last week he will make an opening statement but said he has "no plans whatsoever to call witnesses" during the sentencing phase.
The government plans to call more than 30 witnesses, mostly survivors and victims' family members, to testify in the sentencing phase. Survivors Polly Sheppard and Felicia Sanders, who testified during the guilt phase of the trial, are expected to testify again.
During the sentencing phase Roof cannot approach the jury, the witness stand or the bench, Gergel wrote in an order today. Roof's standby counsel will sit in the first two seats at the defendant's counsel table closest to the center aisle and Roof will sit in the third seat, Gergel ordered.
Roof appeared in court today at a sealed competency hearing, wearing a prison jumpsuit with his hands and feet shackled. The hearing was sealed, Gergel said, because of the risk of jurors' being exposed to new information through the press or social media. Gergel said he would release information from Monday's hearing in 10 days, after Roof is sentenced.
"This is an incredibly sensitive moment in this trial," Gergel said.
Roof, who is white, was convicted last month of shooting and killing nine parishioners at the predominantly black Emanuel AME Church on June 17, 2015. The 33 federal counts against Roof included hate crimes resulting in death and obstruction of exercise of religion resulting in death.
Roof entered the church armed and "with the intent of killing African-Americans engaged in the exercise of their religious beliefs," according to the federal indictment against him. The parishioners welcomed Roof into their Bible study group, according to the indictment, after which Roof drew his pistol and opened fire.
In a video interview of Roof played in court, Roof laughed as he admitted to the shooting. He also said he used a Glock 45 to do it, according to the video. "I didn't say anything to them before I pulled it out, not even one word," Roof said of the gun in the video. "I mean they reacted after I shot them."
In the defense's opening statements during the guilt phase of the trial, attorney David Bruck told the court, "He did it ... You're probably wondering, so what we are doing here? Why does there need to be a trial? ... The practical reason is that the government has asked for the death penalty after conviction, and because of that, we have a procedure to go through.”
"Our society does not order the death penalty if there are reasons to choose life," Bruck added. "You're going to want to understand who this person was and why on earth he would want to cause so much grief."
Roof also faces a state trial, set for early next year, in which he may again face the death penalty.
Galveston, TX (77553)
Today
Some clouds. Low around 80F. Winds SSE at 10 to 20 mph..
Tonight
Some clouds. Low around 80F. Winds SSE at 10 to 20 mph.
The Canadian government has agreed to pay compensation to indigenous Canadians who were taken from their homes and adopted into non-indigenous families.
Indigenous Relations Minister Carolyn Bennett announced the settlement Friday for what's called the Sixties Scoop. Bennett says some indigenous children were robbed of their cultural identities by being placed with non-native families during the 1960s, 1970s and 1980s.
The settlement for an estimated 20,000 people is aimed at resolving numerous related lawsuits. The victims will share 750 million Canadian dollars ($596 million), with individual amounts to determined later.
Lead plaintiff Marcia Brown Martel says she was taken by child welfare officials and adopted by a non-native family. She called it the stealing of children and their culture and expressed hope it would never happen again.
WASHINGTON (AP) — U.S. health regulators want makers of popular anti-diarrhea drugs to sell their tablets in smaller amounts to make them harder to abuse.
The request comes amid a spike in overdoses from large doses of the over-the-counter drugs, which contain a small amount of an opioid.
The Food and Drug Administration said Tuesday it is asking manufacturers to package their medications in smaller quantities, such as eight tablets per package. Currently, some generic versions are sold in boxes of up to 200 tablets.
The key ingredient in anti-diarrhea medications like Imodium is part of the opioid family, an addictive drug class that includes morphine and oxycodone. At low doses, the medicine helps control diarrhea. But recent statistics show a rise in abuse of massive doses to try and get high.
FLORHAM PARK, N.J. (AP) — Matt Forte remains focused only on winning, no matter what anyone else thinks.
So, when some New York Jets fans suggest the team is tanking the upcoming season – or, should – to get a high draft pick next spring, the veteran running back completely disagrees with the notion.
“It's a good thing we don't operate off of what the fans think and what everybody on the outside thinks,” Forte said Wednesday before the team's second minicamp practice. “What we think as a team, that's what's going to happen. And none of us on the team think that we're going to tank.
“So all I have to say about that is: Bring it.”
The Jets are coming off a 5-11 season and parted ways with several productive and popular veterans in the offseason to cut some big salaries. Gone are the likes of Darrelle Revis, Brandon Marshall, Eric Decker, Nick Mangold, David Harris and Nick Folk.
When asked if he thinks the Jets have a competitive roster, Forte laughed.
“What kind of question is that?” he said. “This is a professional football team. We have athletes on this team. In the league, it's not about the team that has the most talent on the roster. It's about the guys who have a brotherhood together. They play on the field, not next to each other, they play for each other. They make sacrifices on the field so the other guys can make plays.
“That's the kind of culture that we've been creating throughout the offseason here.”
The 31-year-old Forte is one of the few remaining vets. And he hasn't been assured that he'll be around for this season.
“I don't worry about stuff like that,” said Forte, whose 813 yards rushing in his first season with the Jets were the lowest of his career. “Nobody has come to me about any of that stuff. I'm pretty sure if they did, my agent would've called me. I go out and practice every day to attain a goal, which is reaching the championship and being the best I can be.”
Forte echoed the sentiments of coach Todd Bowles, who on Tuesday dismissed the “tanking” notion.
“Lucky for me, I don't read the media,” Bowles said, “but my expectations are high and the team's expectations are high and that's really all that counts.”
When asked what he's looking to accomplish in a season with such gloomy outside predictions, Bowles insisted nothing has changed.
“I'm trying to get to the playoffs and win a Super Bowl,” the coach said. “It's no different than any other year.”
—
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP-NFL
Comments
comments
James Ronald (Ronnie) Pyatt, age 71 of Knoxville, passed Friday, December 8, 2017 at the University of Tennessee Medical Center. He was of the Baptist faith. Ronnie grew up in the grocery business helping his father, James W. Pyatt with Pyatt Enterprises located in Clinton, Tennessee. Survivors: Sue and daughter Chastity; sisters, Sherry Hicks and husband Flip and Tracy Smitt and husband Pete. In lieu of flowers, please make a donation to Bethel Baptist Church in Clinton, Tennessee.
The family will receive friends Tuesday, December 12, 2017 from 1-3 pm with a funeral service at 3 pm at Bethel Baptist Church, 610 Bethel Road, Clinton, TN 37716. Interment will follow in the church cemetery. www.holleygamble.com
The Court of Tax Appeals (CTA) has already submitted for decision the petition filed by Dionisia Pacquiao, mother of boxing champion Senator Manny Pacquiao, questioning the tax assessment by the Bureau of Internal Revenue (BIR) Region 18.
In a resolution, the CTA has submitted the case for the decision after the Pacquiao matriarch submitted her memorandum and the BIR made a manifestation that it will adopt its arguments raised in its answer last Aug. 3, 2015 as its memorandum.
“In view of the filing of petitioner's Memorandum through registered mail on October 28, 2016 and received by this Court on November 9, 2016 and respondent's “Manifestation” on September 26, 2016, adopting his Answer filed on August 3, 2015 as his Memorandum in this case, let this case be considered submitted for decision,” the Tax Court said.
ADVERTISEMENT
Pacquiao's mother went to the Tax Court upon learning of the BIR investigation against her.
Investigation on her possible tax liability started in 2013 at the height of the P2.2-billion tax case against her son.
Her son and his wife Jinkee also filed a petition for review with the Tax Court on July 2013
Under the National Internal Revenue Code (NIRC), if an administrative protest on the tax assessment is denied or not acted upon, it may be raised before the CTA. CDG
RELATED STORIES
FILE - This combination of file photos provided by the Arkansas Department of Correction shows death-row inmates Bruce Earl Ward, left, and Don William Davis. Both men are scheduled for execution April 17, 2017. (Arkansas Department of Correction via AP, File)
LITTLE ROCK, Ark. (AP) — Despite several court rulings that put its plans in jeopardy, Arkansas hopes to go ahead with the executions of six men between Monday and April 27, which would be a pace exceeded only by Texas since the U.S. Supreme Court reauthorized the death penalty in 1976.
Arkansas initially planned to execute eight inmates before the end of the month, when its supply of a key execution drug expires. But a federal judge halted one execution and the state Supreme Court stayed a second. Another federal judge on Saturday ordered a halt to all of the executions, saying the men have the right to challenge prison procedures that could expose them to "severe pain."
Here is a look at the eight inmates and their cases:
___
BRUCE EARL WARD
Ward, 60, has been on death row since 1990 for the death of a clerk found strangled in the men's room of the Little Rock convenience store where she worked.
Rebecca Lynn Doss was 18. A police officer noticed no one was in the store and pulled up to find Ward walking out of the men's room. Surveillance video later revealed that Ward asked Doss for help to open the men's room door.
Ward's initial death sentence was overturned because a judge let jurors consider documents related to Ward's 1977 murder conviction in Pennsylvania. A second death sentence was overturned because a court transcript was filled with errors. A third jury imposed a death sentence in 1997.
Ward had been scheduled for execution Monday but the state Supreme Court granted a stay on Friday so courts could consider his mental health.
___
DON WILLIAM DAVIS
Davis, 54, came within six hours of execution in 2010 for the 1990 death of Jane Daniel in Rogers. The woman was killed in her home after Davis broke in and shot her with a .44-caliber revolver he found there.
The Arkansas Supreme Court halted Davis' execution seven years ago as it addressed whether legislators had improperly left key details to the prison staff. Justices ultimately tossed out the state's death-row policies, which contributed to the 12 years that have passed since the last Arkansas execution.
Davis did not seek clemency but joined the other inmates' various lawsuits. His execution had been set for Monday.
___
STACEY E. JOHNSON
Stacey Johnson, 47, is scheduled to die for killing Carol Heath in 1993. The woman was beaten and strangled and had her throat slit. Heath's daughter, Ashley, has said she had forgiven Johnson but wants him to admit that he killed her mother. He has refused and maintains that he is innocent. Heath's son told the panel that he didn't understand why Johnson hadn't been executed yet.
Johnson's initial conviction was overturned when the Arkansas Supreme Court ruled that a police officer should not have told jurors that Ashley Heath, then 6 and found incompetent to testify, had picked Johnson out of a photo lineup. She testified at Johnson's retrial three years later.
DNA evidence included a hair found on Carol Heath's body. A cigarette butt found in the pocket of a shirt left at a roadside park with Heath's blood on it also had Johnson's saliva on it.
Johnson had been set for execution on Thursday.
___
LEDELL LEE
Lee, 51, was sentenced to die for the 1993 death of his neighbor Debra Reese, who was struck 36 times with a tire tool her husband had given her for protection. He is also serving prison terms for the rapes of a Jacksonville woman and a Jacksonville teenager.
Lee, who struck Reese 36 times, was arrested less than an hour after the slaying after spending some of the $300 he had stolen from her. He had been released on parole 10 weeks before her death after serving time for burglary and theft. DNA evidence linked Lee to other attacks, including the abduction of Christine Lewis, 22.
Lewis was abducted five days before being found beaten, raped and strangled. Jurors in that trial couldn't reach a decision and prosecutors dropped the case after the state Supreme Court upheld Lee's death sentence for Reese's murder.
Lee had been scheduled for execution on Thursday.
___
JACK HAROLD JONES JR.
Jones, 52, was convicted of killing bookkeeper Mary Phillips in 1995 and trying to kill her daughter, Lacy, during a robbery at an accounting office. Phillips was found naked from the waist down with a cord from a nearby coffee pot tied around her neck. Lacy, left for dead, woke up as police photographed her.
We have four veterinarians who see large and small animals and exotics. In addition, our clinic offers an in-house laboratory, digital radiography, ultrasound, laser surgery and therapy, microchip services, boarding, a Pet Taxi that will pick up your pet at home, as well as ambulatory trucks are available.
We are a walk-in clinic with regular hours Monday through Saturday, as well as 24-hour emergency services. Please visit our website at www.kinslowvetclinic.com or call our office at 615-444-9424 with any questions.
We are happy to call Wilson County home and are proud to be your hometown veterinary clinic.
Uproxx
Years ago, if you were tired and wanted a quick burst of energy, you would brew a cup of coffee. After waiting for it to cool a bit, you'd then drink it down and go about your day. It was simple, easy and pretty much the only way to get a dose of caffeine in the US for decades. That is, until Jolt Cola was introduced in the mid-80s. It was touted as having double the caffeine content of a normal cup of coffee. Since then, countless energy drinks have stomped into the marketplace with frosted tips and a radical ‘tude, including: Red Bull, 5-Hour Energy, Monster, and Nos. It's easy to open your fridge, grab a can, pop it open, and guzzle it down. Bam! Instant energy. But, just like with coffee, we start to build up tolerances to energy drinks and we eventually need more and more high caffeine drinks to achieve the desired, wired effects. Where does it end? Cocaine, obviously. Don't believe me? A startling new study linked the two and it's not good news for habitual energy drink imbibers.
Back in October, we wrote about a study that claimed that combining alcohol and energy drinks was the equivalent of doing a few lines of cocaine. It was based on a study from Purdue University in which mice were given a combination of alcohol and energy drinks. While this new study from the University of Maryland School of Public Health (published in the journal of Drug and Alcohol Dependence) doesn't go into greater detail on this, it does make a strong correlation between energy drink use and the potential of future drug use. Instead of just getting the effects of cocaine, regular energy drink users might actually turn to hard drugs.
Researchers studied 1,099 adults between the ages of 21-25 over a period of five years and found that participants who regularly drank energy drinks were much more likely to move on to hard drugs like cocaine as well as prescription stimulants, and were more likely to abuse alcohol than those who didn't partake in energy drinks.
“The results suggest that energy drink users might be at heightened risk for other substance use, particularly stimulants,” lead researcher Dr. Amelia Arria told UMD Right Now. “Because of the longitudinal design of this study, and the fact that we were able to take into account other factors that would be related to risk for substance use, this study provides evidence of a specific contribution of energy drink consumption to subsequent substance use.”
All of the participants were college students (pretty much the main demographic for energy drinks). They were asked to complete a survey at various times throughout the five years. More than 50% of the participants continued to drink heavy quantities of energy drinks throughout the study. Researchers referred to this as “persistent trajectory” and they were shown to have a much higher risk of drug and alcohol abuse by the time they turned 25. It should be noted that neither cigarettes nor marijuana usage were shown to increase based on the amount on energy drinks the participants consumed.
Researchers noted that more studies need to be done to fully understand just why this correlation between energy drinks and cocaine exists. “Future studies should focus on younger people, because we know that they too are regularly consuming energy drinks,” said Dr. Arrias. “We want to know whether or not adolescents are similarly at risk for future substance use.”
This is definitely something to keep an eye, especially as you're reaching for your second Red Bull of the day.
If the city moves forward with an ambitious plan to guide office and housing development in Central SoMa, Pinterest hopes to add a vertical 11-story addition to its headquarters at 505 Brannan St.A proposal filed by TMG Partners , one of the original six-story building developers, includes an 11-story addition that would add 165,000 square feet to the site and bring its height to 240 feet.The current building offers 129,450 square feet in office space and is 85 feet tall, but the site is permitted for a structure 250 feet tall, according to SF Planning documents.The addition is anticipated to cost $38 million.The project will contribute to the city's affordable housing development efforts by paying "substantial fees to the Jobs-Housing Linkage Program ," as well as complying with other Central SoMa neighborhood requirements, according to documents TMG filed with SF Planning.According to the city, the current Jobs-Linkage Housing fee for office space is about $26.95/gross square foot, which could add up to more than $4 million for the proposed 165,000-square-foot addition.The project would also generate about $3.4 million in fees to support public transportation, and 1 percent of the project cost would go toward public art on site or elsewhere.The Central SoMa plan , as formally introduced by Acting Mayor Mark Ferrell and District 6 Supervisor and mayoral candidate Jane Kim last month, intends to add 40,000 new jobs and 7,000 associated housing units in the area South of Market and North of Townsend between 2nd and 6th streets.The plan has been crafted over the past six years "to take advantage of the $1.57 billion Central Subways," reports the. At least 33 percent of the housing will be permanently affordable and the new development in the neighborhood is expected to generate nearly half a billion dollars in funding for local and regional transit improvements, according to SF Planning.The housing stock in Eastern SoMa is currently 25 percent single-room occupancy hotels, catering to the lowest income residents in the city.According to the ordinance to be considered by the SF Planning Commission later this month, the plan aims to retain SRO hotels, which primarily serve "elderly, disabled, and single-person households."SF Planning's Historic Preservation Committee is slated to consider legislation adopting the Central SoMa plan on Wednesday, March 21st, and the Planning Commission will get a briefing on the legislative package the following day.The Planning Commission cannot take formal action on the plan until the environmental review is complete. The environmental impact report could be certified at the commission's April 12th meeting, according to a notice sent to stakeholders last week.Once the plan is adopted, the city's review of TMG Partner's proposed addition to 505 Brannan can move forward.
A Russian spy ship is now 30 miles south of New London, Connecticut, where a U.S. Navy submarine base is located.
The Viktor Leonov, a Russian intelligence gathering ship, had been making its way north along the East Coast of the United States. On Monday the vessel was 70 miles off the coast of Delaware.
U.S. officials have said that the spy ship was likely headed to a location near Connecticut in international waters where it could be close to the submarine base in New London. U.S. territorial waters extend 12 miles from shore to the vessel.
According to a U.S. official, the Leonov is currently "loitering" about 30 miles south of New London.
The Leonov is equipped with communications and signal intelligence gathering equipment.
In recent years Russian spy ships have been spotted operating near King's Bay, Georgia, the Navy's other submarine base along the East Coast.
The Leonov was in the mid-Atlantic about a month ago, apparently headed to the Caribbean.
In early February the ship made a port of call in Kingston, Jamaica, before taking a path that took it north to the United States.
If the ship follows past Russian practice, it will head back to Cuba after completing its mission in the Northeast.
MILAN (AP) — AC Milan drew 0-0 at home to Lazio in the first leg of their Italian Cup semifinal on Wednesday and could be left counting the cost of an embarrassing miss by Hakan Calhanoglu.
Lazio goalkeeper Thomas Strakosha pulled off a great save to keep out a Patrick Cutrone header in the 75th minute and Calhanoglu seemed certain to score from the follow-up but the Turkey midfielder blazed over an empty net.
Cutrone had controversially scored in Milan's 2-1 win in the league on Sunday as the Video Assistant Referee failed to spot the ball had come off the teenager's arm and not his head.
The league's top goalscorer, Ciro Immobile, was back from injury and thought he had given Lazio the lead shortly after the hour - only for Gianluigi Donnarumma to pull off a spectacular save to keep out his header from Jordan Lukaku's pinpoint cross.
The second leg will be held at Rome's Stadio Olimpico on Feb. 28.
Lazio has reached the final in three of the past five years, winning in 2013. It was beaten in 2015 and 2017 by Juventus, which also beat Milan in 2016.
Milan last won the trophy in 2003.
Juventus won 1-0 at Atalanta in the first leg of the other semifinal on Tuesday.
Here's the good news: According to the Environmental Protection Agency, a new version of the 2017 Chevrolet Cruze earns an estimated 52 mpg on the highway. Chevy notes that that's the best fuel economy Americans can buy without shelling out for a hybrid or electric car.
And now, the bad news: The new version in question is the 2017 Chevrolet Cruze Diesel, and it's rolling into showrooms when many shoppers have unfavorable opinions about diesels thanks to Volkswagen's emissions-test-cheating scandal.
The diesel-powered Cruze should be arriving in dealership showrooms across the U.S. by the end of this month.
The pros
Unlike the 11 million Volkswagen vehicles equipped with illegal defeat devices, the Cruze Diesel appears to have played by all the rules. Chevrolet says that it's "passed all stringent U.S. environmental standards and validation, including Tier 3 Bin 125 emissions standards."
It also boasts a decent bit of power: the car's Ecotec 1.6-liter turbodiesel inline-4 turns out 137 horsepower and 240 pound-feet of torque.
ALSO SEE: 2018 Ford Expedition video preview
And while the Cruze Diesel isn't cheap enough to compete with America's lowest-priced new cars, the manual-transmission's starting price of $24,670 is roughly $9,000 cheaper than the average new car in the U.S.
Upgrades like a $2,000 automatic transmission will ratchet up the costs, of course. Like most Chevrolets, the Cruze Diesel offers OnStar with 4G LTE and an onboard wi-fi hotspot, as well as the increasingly popular Android Auto and Apple CarPlay.
And as we said above, there's the fuel economy to consider: for the manual, it's 30 mpg city, 52 highways, 37 combined. The 9-speed automatic transmission doesn't fare too poorly either, with 31/47/37 mpg.
The cons
The Cruze Diesel should have a fairly easy time of turning the heads of diesel fans, whose choices are limited in the wake of the Dieselgate fiasco. As for attracting attention from others, however, the Cruze has a few obstacles:
1. Poor perception of diesels. Diesels have never been big sellers here in America. That's in part because many consumers remember the loud, dirty diesels of the 1970s and 80s. Volkswagen was working hard to erase those memories with its fleet of "clean diesel" Audi, Porsche, and VW models, but Dieselgate has put an end to that. Even though the Cruze Diesel seems to have followed the law, the fact that other diesels cheated their way through emissions tests has ruined it for everyone else and damaged the diesel brand.
2. Cheap gas. Today, the average price of gas in the U.S. is $2.28 a gallon. Diesel, on the other hand, averages $2.51. If and when gas prices begin to climb again, consumers will likely start looking at alternative types of vehicles. Until that happens, though, diesels will be at a disadvantage—and if the price increases are delayed for too long, options like hybrids and EVs may be more attractive.
3. It's a car. Everyone knows that America is having a love affair with SUVs these days. Cars, meanwhile, aren't doing so well. (That's why many automakers have moved car production to Mexico: to cut costs on less-profitable, slower-selling vehicles while using U.S. facilities to churn out more popular, higher-profit SUVs.) Whether the Cruze Diesel in its current sedan form will make people sit up and take notice remains to be seen. A hatchback version is due in late 2017 that could prove more attractive. That said, Chevy also plans to offer the same engine in its 2018 Equinox, so consumers will soon have a choice to make.
Diesel fans: would you consider a Cruze Diesel? Share your thoughts in the comments below.
Carlos Santana says he was only trying to congratulate Adele on her big night at the Grammys when he said Beyonce "is very beautiful to look at" but "not a singer, singer."
Santana told the Australian Associated Press that Adele can "sing, sing." He said Adele "doesn't bring all the dancers and props, she can just stand there and she just stood there and sang the song and that's it, and this is why she wins."
Santana clarified his stance on Facebook Tuesday , writing that his "intent was to congratulate Adele" and that his comment about Beyonce "was regretfully taken out of context." He adds that he has "the utmost respect" for Beyonce.
Adele beat out Beyonce for the top awards during Sunday's ceremony.
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Tampa Bay 49 34 12 3 71 175 125 Boston 48 29 11 8 66 157 119 Washington 49 29 15 5 63 150 138 Toronto 51 28 18 5 61 162 146 New Jersey 49 25 16 8 58 147 147 Columbus 49 27 19 3 57 131 137 Pittsburgh 51 27 21 3 57 151 153 Philadelphia 49 24 17 8 56 141 141 N.Y. Rangers 50 25 20 5 55 153 151 N.Y. Islanders 51 25 21 5 55 173 184 Carolina 50 23 19 8 54 139 155 Florida 48 20 22 6 46 136 159 Detroit 48 19 21 8 46 126 146 Montreal 49 20 23 6 46 129 156 Ottawa 48 15 24 9 39 125 168 Buffalo 50 14 27 9 37 115 166 WESTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Vegas 48 32 12 4 68 164 128 Winnipeg 50 29 13 8 66 164 136 Nashville 47 29 11 7 65 145 123 St. Louis 51 30 18 3 63 148 130 Dallas 50 28 18 4 60 155 134 San Jose 48 26 15 7 59 143 133 Anaheim 51 25 17 9 59 144 142 Calgary 49 25 16 8 58 137 135 Colorado 48 27 18 3 57 157 139 Los Angeles 49 26 18 5 57 139 121 Minnesota 49 26 18 5 57 144 140 Chicago 49 23 19 7 53 146 136 Edmonton 49 22 24 3 47 135 157 Vancouver 49 19 24 6 44 127 159 Arizona 50 12 29 9 33 118 172
NOTE: Two points for a win, one point for overtime loss. Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs.
Monday's Games No games scheduled
Tuesday's Games
Florida 4, N.Y. Islanders 1
Anaheim 3, Boston 1
Carolina 2, Ottawa 1
New Jersey 3, Buffalo 1
Minnesota at Columbus, 7 p.m.
San Jose at Pittsburgh, 7 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Montreal at St. Louis, 8 p.m.
Chicago at Nashville, 8 p.m.
Los Angeles at Dallas, 8:30 p.m.
Vegas at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Colorado at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
N.Y. Islanders at Toronto, 7:30 p.m.
San Jose at Detroit, 8 p.m.
Philadelphia at Washington, 8 p.m.
Thursday's Games
Toronto at N.Y. Rangers, 7 p.m.
Montreal at Carolina, 7 p.m.
St. Louis at Boston, 7 p.m.
Florida at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Anaheim at Ottawa, 7 p.m.
Philadelphia at New Jersey, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Los Angeles at Nashville, 8:30 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Dallas at Arizona, 9 p.m.
Colorado at Edmonton, 9 p.m.
Chicago at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Friday's Games
Washington at Pittsburgh, 7 p.m.
Detroit at Carolina, 7 p.m.
San Jose at Columbus, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
The latest on developments in financial markets (All times local):
9:35 a.m.
Stocks are opening mostly higher on Wall Street led by gains in technology and energy stocks.
Advanced Micro Devices rose 1.5 percent in early trading Monday and Chesapeake Energy rose 2.2 percent.
Trading in Bitcoin futures began Sunday. They fell slightly in early trading Monday from their overnight high. The futures contract that expires in January was trading at $17,820.
Traders are looking ahead to an announcement on interest rates Wednesday from the Federal Reserve. The Fed is expected to raise rates for the third time this year.
The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 1 point to 2,652.
The Dow Jones industrial average added 3 points to 24,332. The Nasdaq composite added 15 points, or 0.2 percent, to 6,856.
A mum is encouraging the people of Bedfordshire to join her for an incredi-bubble day out and support their local adult and children's hospice in memory of her son.
Roman James, who died in 2017 when he was just five years old, was supported by Keech Hospice Care, which cares for children in Bedfordshire, Hertfordshire and Milton Keynes and adults in Luton and south Bedfordshire.
His mum, Scarlet, dad Ben, and brother Gabriel, from Cheddington, as well as 22 family and friends, are asking everyone to join them and walk, run or dance their way through eight scented bubble stations at Bubble Rush this month to support the charity which cared for him.
“I can't wait to run Keech's Bubble Rush on July 15 at Cranfield University because what better way is there to spend a Sunday than running through a giant bubble bath?” said Scarlet, who will be taking on the 5km challenge.
“When he was two, my son Roman was diagnosed with a rare neurodegenerative disease called Niemann Pick Type C. As parents, you're in a lonely place when your child is diagnosed with a rare disease. Keech Hospice Care helped us cope.”
During his short life, Roman gradually began to lose his ability to walk, talk and eat by himself. When it mattered the most for his family, Keech Hospice Care was there.
“Roman absolutely loved Keech, particularly the sensory room and we would often go swimming in the hospice's amazing hydrotherapy pool as well.
“We can never repay Keech Hospice Care for what they did for us, but we will do anything we can to help raise the money they need to ensure adults and children with terminal and life-limiting illnesses receive excellent care and support,” said Scarlet.
THE HAGUE, Netherlands (AP) — The Netherlands' main intelligence service says it is treating a small group of Dutch children in conflict zones in Iraq and Syria as "Jihadist travelers" since they may have received military training.
In a report published Wednesday, the General Intelligence and Security Service says at least 80 Dutch children are in those areas, either having been born there or taken there by one or both parents. It says fewer than 20 percent of the children are age 9 or older.
The report says that because children in territory controlled by the so-called Islamic State group "sometimes receive weapons and combat training from as young as nine years old," intelligence officials consider them jihadi travelers.
Dutch authorities routinely detain people caught returning from Syria if they are suspected of extremist links.
NEW YORK (AP) — Sarah Jessica Parker is adding another credit to her life as a bookworm.
The “Sex and the City” actress is serving as honorary chair of the American Library Association's newly created Book Club Central. The library association told The Associated Press on Wednesday that the club will recommend books throughout the year and will formally launch in Chicago on June 24, during the ALA's annual conference.
“From an early age, books were my constant companions and my local library a place I could find a new friend on every shelf,” Parker said in a statement. “I'm thrilled to help champion original voices for dedicated readers as well as for a new generation, supporting libraries in what they do best.”
Parker recently started her own imprint with Penguin Random House and last year introduced J.K. Rowling at a PEN gala, where the “Harry Potter” author was being honored by the literary and human rights organization. Parker also served on a presidential arts and humanities committee during the Obama administration.
The New Castle County industrial real estate market had the highest vacancy rate in the region, according to first quarter reports from two brokerage firms.
New Castle County closed the quarter with 74,047 square feet of negative absorption, ending two consecutive quarters of occupancy gains, according to a report from Newmark Grubb Knight Frank, NGKF.
Occupancy losses were concentrated in warehouse/distribution properties, which posted 126,522 square feet in negative absorption.
The NGKF report noted that Bloom Energy vacated 45,422 square feet at 200 Interchange Boulevard, Newark and Alanx Wear Solutions Inc. moved out of the 44,884-square- foot 101 Lake Drive, Glasgow.
NGKF reported a vacancy rate of about 20 percent for New Castle County, well above the rate for neighboring counties in the region. A quarterly reported CBRE recorded a 10.6 percent rate for New Castle County. CBRE tracks less industrial
On the plus side, New Castle County's overall average rent increased over the past three months, NGKF reported. Higher-than-average asking rents were reported at 70 McCullough Drive, 100 Paper Place and 3065 New Castle Avenue.
Both the CBRE and NGKF reports noted that southern New Jersey helped drive nearly 2 million square feet of leasing activity in the region.
Southern New Jersey has benefitted from a central location in the region. The state has also been aggressive in financial incentives.
The CBRE report covers a region extending from from New Castle County to southern New Jersey and Bucks County PA. The NGKF report also included Berks County (Reading) and Lancaster County.
The Latest on the Istanbul nightclub attack (all times local):
12:20 p.m.
Turkey's state news agency says 38 of the 39 victims of the New Year's attack on an Istanbul nightclub have been identified.
The Anadolu news agency, citing unidentified Turkish justice ministry officials, says 11 those killed by a gunman who escaped were Turkish nationals and one was a Turkish-Belgium dual citizen.
The report says seven victims were from Saudi Arabia; three were from Lebanon and Iraq each; two nationals were from Tunisia, India, Morocco and Jordan each. Kuwait, Canada, Israel, Syria and Russia each lost one citizen.
Sixty-nine people were also wounded. Anadolu says one victim remains unidentified.
Relatives of the victims and embassy personal were seen walking into an Istanbul morgue to take the bodies of the deceased.
Turkish officials haven't released the names of those identified.
———
12 p.m.
Turkey's state-run news agency says more than 100 Islamic State targets in Syria have been hit by Turkey and Russia in separate operations, a day after a deadly attack at a popular Istanbul nightclub during New Year's celebrations claimed by the group.
Citing the Turkish Chief of General Staff's office, Anadolu Agency said Turkish jets struck eight IS group targets while tanks and artillery fired upon 103 targets near Al Bab, killing 22 extremists while destroying many structures.
Anadolu added that Russian jets also attacked IS targets in Dayr Kak, eight kilometers (five miles) to the southwest of Al Bab.
Turkey sent troops into neighboring northern Syria in August to clear a border area of IS militants and curb territorial advances by Syrian Kurdish forces.
———
11:45 a.m.
The Islamic State group has claimed responsibility for the Istanbul shooting that killed 39 people and wounded scores of others.
The IS-linked Aamaq News Agency said the New Year's attack was carried by a "heroic soldier of the caliphate who attacked the most famous nightclub where Christians were celebrating their pagan feast."
It said the man opened fire from an automatic rifle in "revenge for God's religion and in response to the orders" of IS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.
The group described Turkey as "the servant of the cross."
———
10:10 a.m.
Turkish media reports say that authorities believe that the Islamic State group is behind the attack on a popular Istanbul nightclub during New Year's celebrations.
Hurriyet and Karar newspaper reports Monday cited unnamed security officials saying that authorities have determined that the gunman who killed 39 people comes from a Central Asian nation and is believed to be either from Uzbekistan or Kyrgyzstan.
Police had also established similarities with the high-casualty attack at Ataturk Airport in June and was investigating whether the same IS cell carried out both attacks.
The gunman, who is still at large, killed a policeman and another man outside the Reina club in the early hours of 2017 before firing at people partying inside.
Nearly two-thirds of the dead were foreigners, many from the Middle East.
NEW YORK (AP) — A New York company that sells soup from the recipes of the chef who was the real-life model of the Soup Nazi on “Seinfeld” has filed for bankruptcy.
The filing from Soupman Inc. comes less than a month after its chief financial officer was arrested on charges of cheating the government out of employment-related taxes. The CFO has pleaded not guilty.
Soupman Inc. is based in Staten Island and sells soups made from the recipes of Al Yeganeh. He and his New York soup stand were the inspiration for the “Seinfeld” character, with the catchphrase “No soup for you!”
The company said Tuesday it needs to seek bankruptcy protection in part because of “recent company developments” but store shelves will continue to carry its products including lobster bisque and mulligatawny.
Comments
comments
JAKARTA, Indonesia (AP) — Budget airline AirAsia said its flights to Indonesia's conservative Aceh province will have only male cabin crew after Acehnese authorities insisted female flight attendants wear head coverings.
Other airlines have said they will comply and require female crew to cover their heads on flights to the Shariah-law practicing province.
AirAsia Indonesia's corporate secretary Baskoro Adiwiyono said Friday that the airline was ensuring its flights adhere to regulations.
“For the time being, all AirAsia flights from and to Aceh will be operated by male cabin crew,” he said.
Aceh authorities on Wednesday circulated a letter with their demand to several airlines.
The letter, issued by the chief of Aceh Besar district, which oversees the airport in the provincial capital Banda Aceh, said female flight attendants are obliged to wear the hijab in accordance with the rules of Islam and airlines should support the implementation of Shariah law in the province.
National airline Garuda Indonesia and its budget arm Citilink said they “support the suggestions.”
“Garuda respects and upholds local wisdom,” said its spokesman Ikhsan Rosan.
Aceh is the only province in Muslim-majority Indonesia where a strict form of Islam is mandatory. Public caning is a punishment for adultery, gambling, homosexuality, tight clothing and other behavior deemed against Islam.
LONDON (AP) — British Prime Minister Theresa May says there is a new sense of optimism in the talks to secure Britain's departure from the European Union.
May is set to address the House of Commons on Monday, updating lawmakers on the negotiations just days after hammering out a deal with the EU on the so-called divorce issues, including the Irish border and Britain's financial obligations. Brexit talks are now expected to move onto trade and security cooperation.
But Britain's argument that nothing is settled until all is agreed upon is causing unease among other countries involved in the decision. Irish officials have rejected assertions that the deal is merely a "statement of intent" rather than legally binding.
The Irish government branded the view "bizarre" and insisted that an agreement is binding.
Nine women have now made allegations against Weinstein to British police.
British police investigating Harvey Weinstein have received two further allegations of sexual assault, sources said.
A woman alleged the disgraced movie mogul assaulted her in Westminster in 2011 while a separate alleged incident took place outside the UK.
Reported to police in November but only now made public, it brings the total number of women who have reported Weinstein to British police to nine.
View photos Uma Thurman (Dominic Lipinski/PA) More
A spokeswoman for Scotland Yard said: “On 13 November an allegation was received that the man sexually assaulted a woman (Victim 9) in Westminster in 2011 and outside the jurisdiction of the UK in 2010.
“The second allegation will be passed to the relevant police force in due course.”
It comes on the same day Kill Bill star Uma Thurman alleged the former Miramax founder assaulted her in a London hotel room around the release of Pulp Fiction.
A new dam is under construction in the East Bay with a different kind of spillway that will reduce the need for a major evacuation in the event of a catastrophic failure.The dam at Calaveras Reservoir near Sunol straddles Alameda and Santa Clara counties.There is no question that the Calaveras Reservoir is a beautiful sight, but it sits right next to the Calaveras Fault, which experts say could produce a 7.5-magnitude earthquake, that's why they're building new dam there and why they've already completed a new spillway, using modern techniques to avert disaster.Sky7 was over the spillway at the Calaveras Dam, which showed it looks much different right now. It's made of concrete, not Earth and rock like the one at Oroville Dam.The next phase of the $810 million project is a new dam for the Calaveras Reservoir, replacing the original Earth and rockfill dam, built 92 years ago.The San Francisco Public Utilities Commission owns the facility and says downstream residents shouldn't be too concerned by releases. "Our spillway at Calaveras has operated on average about once every seven years, and there has not been downstream flooding as a result of those releases, nor would we expect downstream flooding in almost any release that's foreseeable," Capital Projects Director Dan Wade said.Calaveras Reservoir is part of the city's Hetch Hetchy system that captures water in the Sierra, delivering it to 2.6 million Bay Area customers.Thousands of Fremont residents would be in the path of a catastrophic breach. The water would flow into Calaveras Creek, then Alameda Creek, collecting additional runoff along the way.The creek passes through Fremont and drains into San Francisco Bay.If the water level ever exceeds capacity, there is one priority. "The goal at that point is to save the dam and not to have the dam over topped, so the spillway is essentially there to protect the dam at that point," Wade said.A bottom drain is already at work, releasing rainfall from recent storms.The reservoir is being kept below 40 percent during construction. Calaveras stores about half of the Bay Area's Hetch Hetchy water supply, so its structural integrity is critical.The new dam will be finished in two years.
Map of Brazil showing Janauba, where a nursery school guard burned seven small children and a teacher to death (AFP Photo/Gillian HANDYSIDE)
Janaúba (Brazil) (AFP) - Two children burned in an arson attack at a nursery school in Brazil succumbed to their wounds Friday, bringing the death toll to eight on the day the first victims were buried.
Cecilia Davine Dias and Yasmin Medeiros Salvino, both aged four, died early in the afternoon, a hospital spokesman in Monte Claros, a city in southeast Brazil, told AFP.
The tragedy unfolded Thursday morning in Janauba, a town of 70,000 people around 370 miles (600 kilometers) from Belo Horizonte, the state capital of Minas Gerais.
A security guard at the nursery sprayed his young victims with alcohol before setting fire to the building. He himself died from burns a few hours later.
According to local authorities, he had suffered from mental health issues since 2014.
In total, seven four-year-old children were killed, along with a teacher aged 43. Another 40 people were treated at three hospitals in the region.
Dozens gathered for the first funerals of victims at a cemetery in Janauba on Friday afternoon, according to an AFP photographer.
Small white coffins were opened for a few minutes as devastated family members wept.
"What has happened is inexplicable. I have no words. When I heard about the fire on the radio, I immediately thought of my grandchildren. I was sure something had happened to them," said Antonio Pereira da Silva, who buried his granddaughter.
The mayor of Janauba declared seven days of mourning, while Brazil's President Michel Temer expressed his solidarity with the victims of the "tragedy."
YOU JUST SAW:
Pope Francis ordains bishop José Avelino Bettencourt, as he celebrates a mass during which he conferred the ordination to 3 bishops in St. Peter's Basilica at the Vatican, Monday, March 19, 2018. (AP Photo/Gregorio Borgia)
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) — Police around New York and New Jersey are stepping up security in the wake of Monday's “terror-related” underground explosion near the Port Authority Bus Terminal.
“This was an attempted terrorist attack,” Mayor Bill de Blasio said Monday. “You'll see expanded NYPD presence today all over the city.”
The NYPD added that “there are no other specific and credible threats” against the city at this time.
You will see a greater presence of police personnel throughout the city. There are no other specific and credible threats against NYC at this time. #NYPDprotecting — NYPD NEWS (@NYPDnews) December 11, 2017
“The NYPD's Strategic Response Group and Critical Response Command were assigned to other key transportation hubs and other locations throughout the city as a precautionary measure,” Police Commissioner James O'Neill said. “We have almost 3,000 transit cops that work in the subway system every day.”
EXTRAS: Traffic/Transit Changes | Videos | Photos
New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie says he has ordered additional security at mass transit hubs and said law enforcement assets in the Garden State are coordinating with their federal and New York partners.
“I urge all New Jerseyans to be alert and that if they see something unusual, to report it to law enforcement immediately,” the governor said.
My statement regarding the explosion this morning beneath @PABusTerminal in New York City: pic.twitter.com/E5REw25B8W — Governor Christie (@GovChristie) December 11, 2017
On Long Island, the Suffolk County Police Department said it was closely monitoring the incident and said it would be beefing up security at transit facilities, including Long Island Rail Road stations, “out of an abundance of caution.”
“The public should expect to see an additional police presence in these areas,” police said. “There is no current, credible information of an increased threat to Suffolk County.”
The incident happened around 7:19 a.m. Monday in an underground walkway between Times Square and the bus terminal subway stations in the area of 42nd Street between 7th and 8th avenues.
At least three people were hurt in the explosion that O'Neill called “terror-related.” Speaking at a news conference, the police commissioner identified the suspect as 27-year-old Akayed Ullah.
“If you have any information on this individual or incident we ask you call the Terror Hotline at 888-NYC-SAFE,” @NYPDONeill now. #PortAuthority pic.twitter.com/13tPPXwOVB — NYPD NEWS (@NYPDnews) December 11, 2017
Police said he had a crude improvised device attached to his body using Velcro and zip ties and said video shows him walking down the passageway when the device exploded.
O'Neill said by the time officers arrived, they found Ullah with burns and wounds to his body. He was taken into custody and transported the hospital.
Police asked anyone with information about the incident to call the Terror Hotline at 888-NYC-SAFE.
Hall of Fame Duke coach Mike Krzyzewski is stepping away from the team to have lower back surgery.
The school announced Monday that the procedure is scheduled for Friday, with an anticipated recovery time of four weeks.
Krzyzewski will coach Wednesday night's game against Georgia Tech before handing off to associate head coach Jeff Capel for Saturday's home game against Boston College.
Krzyzewski, 69, will have a fragment of a herniated disk removed at Duke University Hospital. The school says Krzyzewski tried several treatment options during the past month before deciding on surgery.
Krzyzewski said in a statement that he consulted with the university's medical team and "together, we have determined that surgery is the best course of action at this time." He says the Blue Devils will "be in the capable hands" of Capel and assistants Nate James and Jon Scheyer.
"As soon as the doctors clear me to do so, I look forward to returning and giving our team 100 (percent) of my energy and attention, which is certainly something that they deserve," he said.
The winningest men's coach in Division I history had four surgeries during the offseason to replace his left knee, repair his left ankle and fix a hernia. He squeezed those procedures into a busy summer in which he also led the U.S. Olympic team to the gold medal in Rio de Janeiro.
"To be sure, the entire Duke community is supportive and eager to get Mike back as soon as possible," Duke athletic director Kevin White said. "His health is paramount, and he will get the best possible care in the world by the Duke medical team. With the proper recovery time, we look forward to Mike doing what he does best — leading and teaching — very soon."
Capel — a former Duke guard who went 175-110 in nine years coaching at Virginia Commonwealth and Oklahoma — previously took over for Krzyzewski when he missed a trip to Georgia Tech last February because of dehydration and high blood pressure.
That victory in Atlanta marked the first time Krzyzewski did not travel with his team since the 1994-95 season, when he missed the final 19 games due to back surgery and exhaustion. Those Blue Devils went 4-15 during that span and became the last Duke team to miss the NCAA Tournament.
Monday's announcement marks the latest twist in an already drama-filled season for a team voted No. 1 in the preseason on the strength of a lineup led by preseason AP All-American guard Grayson Allen and four immediate-impact freshmen.
On Saturday, the Blue Devils (12-2) were routed at Virginia Tech in the first game of Allen's indefinite suspension for tripping yet another opponent . And those freshmen — Harry Giles, Jayson Tatum, Marques Bolden and Frank Jackson — have played in the same game only three times because of various injuries.
The Blue Devils dropped three spots to No. 8 — their lowest ranking of the season — in the AP Top 25 released Monday .
———
This story has been corrected to show that Krzyzewski, not Capel, will coach Wednesday night's game, which is against Georgia Tech, not Boston College.
———
More AP college basketball: http://collegebasketball.ap.org and http://twitter.com/AP—Top25
It's no secret that U.S. consumers prefer SUVs and trucks nowadays, and that means car sales are sliding. That's forcing automakers to offer big discounts to sell them. Car sales fell to just 36 percent of U.S. auto sales last month, a record low for a January. Generally, discounts are bigger on cars with the highest inventory. Here are the top 10 cars with the biggest stockpiles, measured by the number of days the inventory could meet demand at the current sales rate:
Brand Vehicle Days' supply Buick Lacrosse 330 Buick Cascada 298 Chevrolet Corvette 267 Volkswagen CC 259 Chevrolet Camaro 236 Buick Verano 234 Mitsubishi Mirage 231 Acura ILX 227 Chrysler 200 225 Buick Regal 222
Source: WardsAuto
A Delaware man wounded in an attack at a New Year's Eve celebration in Istanbul says he survived the attack by playing dead.
William Jacob Raak told NBC News he survived the attack by playing dead and staying silent and motionless, even after being shot.
"When he shot me I didn't move — I just let him shoot me," he told NBC. "I was shot when I was already on the ground. He was shooting people that he had already shot."
Raak, 35, is a small business owner from Greenville. The State Department said Monday that Raak was the only U.S. citizen injured in the attack, which occurred at a popular nightclub in Turkey's largest city.
WCAU-TV ( http://bit.ly/2i0RQ8g ) reports that Raak called his brother, Michael, around 7:30 p.m. EST on New Year's Eve to say he'd been shot in the leg. Michael Raak told NBC10 his brother was visiting friends in Istanbul.
Istanbul Gov. Vasip Sahin has said the attacker, armed with a long-barreled weapon, killed a policeman and a civilian outside the Reina club before entering and firing at people partying inside. At least 39 people, mostly foreigners, were killed.
The Islamic State group on Monday claimed responsibility for the attack. Turkish police meanwhile detained eight people in connection to the attack but were still hunting for the gunman who disappeared amid the chaos of the attack.
CINCINNATI (AP) — The Latest on the release of U.S. college student Otto Warmbier after months of detention in North Korea (all times local):
2:50 p.m.
The parents of a college student released by North Korea after 17 months of detention are expected to discuss their son's condition publicly.
Otto Warmbier was in a coma when he landed in Cincinnati late Tuesday night. The 22-year-old University of Virginia student was taken by ambulance to the University of Cincinnati Medical Center.
His parents, Fred and Cindy Warmbier, say they were told he had been in the coma for over a year.
A hospital spokeswoman didn't provide an update on his condition. She says the parents plan a Thursday morning news conference. Fox News also is expected to air an interview with them Wednesday night.
Warmbier was serving a 15-year prison term with hard labor in North Korea. He tearfully confessed to trying to steal a propaganda banner while visiting.
___
1:20 a.m.
An American college student who was released from a North Korean prison is finally home but in a coma and undergoing treatment at an Ohio hospital.
An airplane carrying Ohio native Otto Warmbier landed in Cincinnati late Tuesday night. The 22-year-old was then taken by ambulance to the University of Cincinnati Medical Center.
Warmbier was serving a 15-year prison term with hard labor in North Korea for alleged anti-state acts.
In Warmbier's hometown of Wyoming, just outside of Cincinnati, residents tied ribbons to trees and said news of his release had sent waves of shock and joy through the community.
The State Department secured Warmbier's release at President Donald Trump's direction.
A hospital spokeswoman says Warmbier's family is expected to hold a news conference Thursday morning at Wyoming High School.
USA TODAY Sports
As medical marijuana becomes legal in more and more states — as does recreational marijuana — professional sports leagues will have to at least look into their drug policies banning its use. The NFL reportedly plans to study marijuana's effectiveness as an option for pain management, and whether it is a safer alternative to prescription pain medicines for the future.
That is a significant departure from the hard line opposition stance that every pro sports league has held towards marijuana for years despite the fight to legalize the drug, and it seems as though the NBA is beginning to come around as well.
NBA commissioner Adam Silver is in Israel for a Basketball Without Borders camp and the topic of medical marijuana was brought up. Silver, who has been against opening up the NBA's drug policy with regards to marijuana in the past, sounded more open to looking into its effectiveness and potential usefulness for pain management, as the NFL is reportedly doing, and having discussions about that with the Players' Association, as reported by Ouriel Daskal of the Israeli newspaper Calcalist and Reddit r/NBA user Ed Hamden who were at his media availability in Israel.
Landhope Farms last week donated $6,780.43 to the Eli Seth Matthews Leukemia Foundation, an Oxford-based organization fighting to find a cure for childhood cancer. The money was proceeds from a September fund-raiser at Landhope, Matthews, of Oxford, lost his son, Eli Seth, to leukemia in 2011 at the age of 10. Since then, he has established the Eli Seth Matthews Leukemia Foundation. This is the thid year that Landhope Farms has participated in the effort to raise funds for childhood cancer research. Last year, Landhope raised more than $5,700.
Advertisement
Nearly seven hours was all the time it took for Princess Kate to leave a London hospital after giving birth to her third child.
Interested in Royal Family? Add Royal Family as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Royal Family news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
Kate, 36, did not leave the hospital straight from a bed -- she checked out in style, dressed in a red Jenny Packham dress, nylons, heels and fully done makeup and hair.
Ben Stansll/AFP/Getty Images
“She is the envy of women around the world that she's able to do that,” ABC News royal contributor Victoria Murphy told “GMA.” “I think it's testimony to the fact that she has a really good medical team, obviously looking after her well, making sure that the birth goes really well.”
Kensington Palace announced around 8:30 a.m., local time on Monday morning that Kate had been admitted to St. Mary's Hospital in London “earlier this morning.” ABC News understands she and William arrived at the Lindo Wing of St. Mary's Hospital before 6 a.m.
Kate gave birth to her 8 pound, 7 ounce sons -– the highest birth weight royal baby in more than a century –- at 11:01 a.m., local time, according to Kensington Palace.
By Monday night, Kate was back home at Kensington Palace with William and their two older children, Prince George, 4, and Princess Charlotte, who turns 3 next week.
Leaving the hospital so soon after giving birth is safe as long as there is proper support at home, according to ABC News chief medical correspondent Dr. Jennifer Ashton, also a practicing OB-GYN.
Hannah Mckay/Reuters
“I think we have to distinguish here between the future Queen of England and the average woman,” Ashton said on “GMA.” “It can be safe, the key is support and follow up.”
Doctors monitoring Kate, like any woman, soon after giving birth would be looking for potential post-delivery risks like bleeding, infection, high blood pressure and depression, according to Ashton.
“We have to remember that even though this happens every single day in all types of environments, this is a major event,” she said of the birth process.
In 2015, Kate left St. Mary's Hospital less than 10 hours after delivering her second child, Charlotte. Kate delivered Charlotte after just two-and-a-half hours of labor.
Paul Treadway/Barcroft Media via Getty Images
When Kate delivered George in 2013, she stayed in the hospital just one night.
Neil P. Mockford/Getty Images
As for her glam look, Kate had the assistance of her longtime stylist, Natasha Archer Jackson, who was spotted leaving St. Mary's Hospital on Monday, and her personal hairdresser, Amanda Cook Tucker.
But just because Kate is home from the hospital, it doesn't mean she will immediately return to her normal activities.
“As long as there is monitoring and support … it's fine,” Ashton said. “This is not a situation where you're going to have a woman go home and start taking care of the other children she has at home, cooking meals etc.”
Welcome to the family. pic.twitter.com/nKSd5kh5bZ — Kensington Palace (@KensingtonRoyal) April 23, 2018
William and Kate currently have the help of a nanny, Maria Teresa Turrion Borrallo, among others.
William is also expected to take paternity leave to bond with the newborn and help Kate, as he did after the births of George and Charlotte.
Prince George and Princess Charlotte arrive at St Mary's to meet their little brother. pic.twitter.com/rfX9rsdJhU — Kensington Palace (@KensingtonRoyal) April 23, 2018
Maternal care in the U.K. is also different from that in the U.S., according to Ashton.
“They put a lot of the focus on the mom, where we put a lot of the focus on the baby,” she said. “There is incredible support and it is standardized care. So they do it the same exact way, like a military submarine, every single time.”
There is dedicated support for women, after birth.
“They use midwives over 50 percent of the time so the mother is really supported," Ashton added, "not just during pregnancy and delivery, but postpartum.”
BANGKOK (AP) — Asian shares were mostly lower on Wednesday after U.S. stocks succumbed to a sell-off in the final minutes of trading, snapping a three-day winning streak.
KEEPING SCORE: Japan's Nikkei 225 index fell 0.3 percent to 21,717.04 and the Shanghai Composite index dropped 0.8 percent to 2,764.29. Hong Kong's Hang Seng index fell 1.2 percent to 28,215.16 and the Kospi in South Korea lost 0.2 percent to 2,268.89. Australia's S&P ASX/200 gave up 0.5 percent to 6,181.20. Shares turned higher in Southeast Asia and Taiwan.
WALL STREET: Technology companies and banks led the market slide, outweighing gains in health care and energy stocks. The trading session, shortened ahead of the Independence Day holiday, pulled the S&P 500 index down 0.5 percent to 2,713.22. The Dow Jones Industrial Average slid 0.5 percent to 24,174.82 and the Nasdaq lost 0.9 percent to 7,502.67. Smaller-company stocks bucked the broader market decline, with the Russell 2000 index picking up 0.3 percent, to 1,660.42.
CHINA-U.S. TRADE: On Friday the U.S. is set to impose a 25 percent tariff on $34 billion worth of Chinese imports. And China is expected to strike back with tariffs on a similar amount of U.S. exports. The big question is how far the two countries will go in their dispute over trade. The Trump administration has said it won't target an additional $16 billion worth of Chinese goods until it gathers further public comments. It's also identifying an additional $200 billion in Chinese goods for 10 percent tariffs, which could take effect if Beijing retaliates.
CHINESE CURRENCY: Reported comments by the head of China's central bank saying he's closely watching the recent slide in the value of the yuan, also known as the renminbi (RMB), against the U.S. dollar have helped to reassure investors. People's Bank of China Gov. Yi Gang said financial risks were under control and the China's international balance of payments and currency flows were stable.
ANALYST VIEWPOINT: "The statement puts paid to any fears that the PBOC could be engineering a depreciation to cushion the economy, as Yi Gang stakes his credibility on the RMB being stable within the bounds of broad USD volatility," Chang Weiliang of Mizuho Bank said in a commentary. The yuan fell to 6.70 yuan to the U.S. dollar on Tuesday but ended the day at 6.64 yuan in its first trading day gain in two weeks, Chang said.
ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude added 31 cents to $74.45 per barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. It added 20 cents to $74.14 a barrel on Tuesday, reaching more than $75 a barrel in early trading. Brent crude, used to price international oils, rose 26 cents to $78.02 per barrel.
CURRENCIES: The dollar fell to 110.35 yen from 110.59 yen on Tuesday. The euro strengthened to $1.1677 from $1.1657.
Kevin Smith is in good spirits following a massive heart attack in February. The filmmaker sat down with NBC's TODAY for his first interview since undergoing emergency surgery, and he calls the heart attack “the best thing that ever happened” to him. Since the heart attack, Smith has lost 32 pounds and has become an ambassador for Weight Watchers, joining the likes of Oprah and DJ Khaled.
Read More: Kevin Smith Blasts ‘Star Wars: The Last Jedi' Backlash: ‘It's As If Somebody F*cked Up Their Childhood'
“I feel great. Honestly, the heart attack was the best thing that ever happened to me,” Smith said. “They keep you awake while it's going on, they don't knock you out so I was talking the whole operation. He [the doctor] told me later on ‘you're very chatty.' He's like you wanted to know everything…you were singing a song ‘Degrassi'. And I was singing the theme song to Degrassi because it's very hopeful.”
Smith's heart attack occurred February 25 after he finished filming one of two shows for an upcoming standup special called “Kevin Smith Live!” Smith ended up canceling the second show that evening and said on Twitter that he would've died had he gone through and performed. The filmmaker admitted to smoking weed before his first show and not even realizing he was suffering a heart attack.
“I didn't know until I was in the operating room that I had a heart attack,” Smith said. “He's [the doctor] like you had a massive heart attack. I was like ‘Nobody told me. Are You serious?' And he's like, ‘What's your pain threshold on a 0-10.' I was like, ‘-3' and he was like, ‘Are you high?' I said, Yyeah I got blazed before my show.' I didn't feel like I was having a heart attack, didn't recognize that it was happening.”
Watch Smith's interview in its entirety in the video embed below.
Sign Up: Stay on top of the latest breaking film and TV news! Sign up for our Email Newsletters here.
Related stories
Kevin Smith Thanks Fans and Chris Pratt in Heartfelt Video Following Heart Attack -- Watch
Chris Pratt Attacked for Sending 'Prayers' to Kevin Smith; James Gunn Sounds Off On Backlash
Kevin Smith Suffered 'Massive Heart Attack' After Filming New Standup Special
AURORA, Ill.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--Mitutoyo America Corporation is showcasing its highest performing micrometer and caliper lines, including High-Accuracy Digimatic Micrometer, QuantuMike Series 293-Coolant Proof Micrometer and its IP67 ABSOLUTE Digimatic Coolant-proof Calipers. All three products are best in class and feature unique capabilities.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005006/en/
IP67 Digimatic Coolant Proof Caliper (Photo: Business Wire)
High Accuracy Digimatic Micrometer
The first micrometer to offer 0.1µm/5µinch resolution measurement. The High-Accuracy Digimatic® Micrometer utilizes the Absolute® rotary sensor, which reduces instrument error to ±0.5µm to deliver high-accuracy with no trade-off in operability. Features an extremely rigid frame for stable measurement and a constant-force barrel/spindle mechanism eliminates the possibility of over speed errors. Transference of body heat reduced with use of a dual heat shield design, minimizing errors attributable to thermal expansion while handheld measurements are performed. Available with SPC Output.
QuantuMike Series 293-Coolant Proof Micrometer
Up to 4X faster spindle feed over standard micrometers. 2mm per thimble-revolution as compared to the standard 0.5mm. An additional comparison to conventional micrometers, QuantuMike's spindle positioning time is reduced by about 60 percent, while overall measurement time is decreased by as much as 35 percent. QuantuMike provides accuracy at an industry-leading ±1μm/.00005” throughout its measuring range. Rated a high IP65, the QuantuMike Series is totally protected from dust and protected against low pressure liquid or coolant jets. Available with SPC Output.
IP67 ABSOLUTE Digimatic Coolant-proof Calipers
Calipers rated a high IP67, total protecting the tool from dust and if immersed in liquid or coolant for a short period, will still work at 100 percent measuring accuracy. A Larger LCD of 9 mm, a 22 percent increase in height for improved visibility. The automatic power on/off shuts down the LCD after 20 minutes of inactivity, but the ABS scale origin is unaffected. Power is restored to the display when the slider is moved. Available with SPC Output.
is the world's largest provider of measurement and inspection solutions offering the most complete selection of machines, sensors, systems and services with a line encompassing CMM (coordinate measuring machines), vision, form and finish measuring machines, as well as precision tools and instruments, and metrology data management software. Mitutoyo's nationwide network of Metrology Centers and support operations provides application, calibration, service, repair and educational programs to ensure that our 8,500+ metrology products will deliver measurement solutions for our customers throughout their lifetime.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005006/en/
CONTACT: Mitutoyo America Corporation
965 Corporate Boulevard, Aurora, IL 60502
Phone: (630) 820-9666; Fax: (630) 820-2614
E-mail: marketing@mitutoyo.com
Website: www.mitutoyo.com
or
Media inquiries:
Mark Izumi
Marketing Group Manager
Phone: (630) 723-3550
E-mail:mark.izumi@mitutoyo.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA CANADA ILLINOIS
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: TECHNOLOGY DATA MANAGEMENT HARDWARE SOFTWARE OTHER TECHNOLOGY MANUFACTURING ENGINEERING OTHER MANUFACTURING
SOURCE: Mitutoyo America Corporation
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 08:18 AM/DISC: 04/24/2018 08:18 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005006/en
At the request of 16th District Attorney Jennings Jones, TBI agents joined U.S. General Services Administration Office of Inspector General detectives Sept. 11 to investigate a theft allegation. During the investigation, agents developed information in July, an individual employed at a car dealership in Murfreesboro fraudulently used credit cards intended to pay for repairs to a U.S. government vehicle. Agents were able to identify the suspect as Bruce Jamar Orr, 27, of Mt. Juliet.
Agents arrested Orr on Friday in Hendersonville. He was booked in at the Sumner County Jail and has a hold on the Rutherford County charge of theft of less than $1,000. His bond amount wasn't immediately available.
LOS ANGELES (AP) — An aspiring actress says she was 17 when actor Steven Seagal sexually assaulted her during a supposed casting session in 2002.
Faviola Dadis said at a news conference Monday that she had recently moved to the U.S. from the Netherlands when she was invited to a Beverly Hills hotel room to audition for Seagal for a film he planned to make about Genghis Khan.
The 33-year-old former model says only Seagal and his bodyguard were in the room when the actor reached under her bikini top and then grabbed her genitals.
Dadis said she ended the audition and immediately left. She says she feared being blacklisted if she reported Seagal, and only recently filed a police report. Los Angeles County prosecutors say they are reviewing the case.
Seagal's attorney Anthony Falangetti did not immediately return a message seeking comment.
US President Donald Trump speaks at a Hispanic Heritage Month event at the White House: MSNBC
President Donald Trump repeatedly used an exaggerated Spanish accent to pronounce “Puerto Rico” in his speech to a Hispanic Heritage Month event.
“We are also praying for the people of Puerto Rico,” Mr Trump told the crowd, dragging out the vowels into a caricature of the Spanish pronunciation. “We love Puerto Rico. Puerto Rico.”
“And we also love Puerto Rico,” he added, in his usual accent.
The crowd gathered at the White House included representatives from more than 200 Hispanic businesses, community groups, and faith groups. Some audience members cheered at the comments.
“We love you!” one crowd member yelled.
The comments marked a stark departure from the President's earlier statements about Puerto Rico, which was devastated by a Category 4 hurricane two weeks earlier. Thirty-four people died as a result of the storm, and the majority of the island remains without power.
Trump uses a Spanish accent to say "Puerto Rico" twice during a Hispanic Heritage Month event pic.twitter.com/v5qFTiqSjM — BuzzFeed News (@BuzzFeedNews) October 6, 2017
Mr Trump visited the US territory earlier this week to meet with Puerto Rican officials. While there, he joked that recovery costs had “thrown our budget a little of whack,” and encouraged leaders to compare the death toll to “a real catastrophe like [Hurricane] Katrina”.
Afterward, several Puerto Ricans accused the President of treating them “like animals”.
“He arrives with a smile on his face, makes fun of the situation, shows no empathy, lies and lies on camera as he does 24/7,” Joel Isaac told the Toronto Star. “And then throws paper towel rolls to people in need as if he was playing Go Fetch with dogs.”
The President also engaged in a bitter war of words with the mayor of San Juan, Carmen Yulín Cruz. Before the trip, Ms Cruz had begged the federal government for more aid, warning them that people on the island were dying. Mr Trump responded by insulting the mayor via Twitter.
“Such poor leadership ability by the Mayor of San Juan, and others in Puerto Rico, who are not able to get their workers to help,” he wrote. “They want everything to be done for them when it should be a community effort.”
On Thursday, however, Mr Trump assured the Hispanic Heritage Month crowd that his administration was “marshalling every federal resource at our disposal" to help in the relief effort.
“We will not rest until that job is done,” he said. “...We will be there all the time to help Puerto Rico recover, restore, rebuild.”
Later, he told the young Hispanic Americans in the crowd that there is "no dream beyond your reach". The President had recently ended a programme giving protections to childhood immigrants – often called "Dreamers".
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump wants to send man back to the moon — and on to Mars.
Trump is signing a space policy directive directing NASA "to lead an innovative space exploration program to send American astronauts back to the moon, and eventually Mars."
That's according to White House spokesman Hogan Gidley.
Trump has taken several steps to refocus NASA's mission on space exploration.
He'll sign the directive at the White House Monday.
JUST IN: Man called out on social media for involvement in Charlottesville rally resigned, was not fired per Top Dog pic.twitter.com/TFrJIbHlko — Melanie Woodrow (@MelanieWoodrow) August 14, 2017
A Berkeley restaurant employee who allegedly attended a white nationalist rally Friday in Charlottesville, Virginia, resigned from the restaurant Saturday, restaurant officials said.Cole White resigned from Top Dog, a business with two locations in Berkeley and one in Oakland, after social media posts from the Twitter account YesYoureRacist and others identified him as a participant of the "Unite the Right" rally.Following the resignation, Berkeley police received information about a credible threat made against the business, Sgt. Andrew Frankel said.Police kept their eye on Top Dog's three locations overnight and officers will be making extra patrols Monday when they can, Frankel said.Top Dog, which has been in business since 1966, said in a statement that on Saturday "we spoke with Cole White. During that conversation Cole chose to voluntarily resign his employment with Top Dog and we accepted his resignation."The company said, "There have been reports that he was terminated. Those reports are false. There have been reports that Top Dog knowingly employs racists and promotes racist theology. That too is false.""We pride ourselves on embracing and respecting all our differences and every individual's choice to do as that person wishes within the boundaries of the law," Top Dog officials said. "We do respect our employees' right to their opinions. They are free to make their own choices but must accept the responsibilities of those choices.""Individual freedom and voluntary exchange are core to the philosophy of Top Dog," the company said. "We look forward to cooking the same great food for at least another 50 years."
Dhaka : 11:17AM May 31, 2018
London : 06:17AM May 31, 2018
New York : 01:17AM May 31, 2018
Weather Forcast
Sylhet, bangladesh
Temperature: 0°C
Wind: Calm
Sunrise: 6:09 am GMT+6
Sunset: 7:32 pm GMT+6
Convert your countries money into Bangladesh taka.
by Keith Hudson
Water temps are in the 80's over most of the lake. Water is very clear and a couple of feet down.
Bass: Fair – Topwater baits such as Pop R's, Zara Spooks and buzzbaits can be effective for shallow and aggressive fish, especially around bream beds. Some big tournament sacks of largemouth are still being weighed in by guys who sight fish, targeting bass that are around these beds feeding on the bream. Also you can try fishing rip rap around bridges with spinnerbaits, small crankbaits, and shaky head rigs. Later in the month, some fish should start showing up on deeper brush piles and road beds as well as the water warms. Try deep crankbaits or Texas rigged Ol Monster worms.
Some spotted bass are being caught by casting Spot Remover heads loaded with shaky tail worms or just dragging a Carolina-rigged Zoom finesse worm or mini lizard around sloping gravel banks. These tactics normally works very well for numbers.
Linesides: Excellent – Spawned out hybrids and stripes showed back up down lake in good numbers. Expect the downline bite on live bait to be awesome! Some fish starting surface schooling on the main lake and can be caught on small crankbaits, topwaters, pop-n-cork rigs and Storm Swim Shad lures.
Crappie: Good – Spawned out fish will typically move out and hold on deeper brush and structure or under docks. Try dropshotting minnows or shooting docks for the best results. Night fishing is usually good in June.
Bream: Good – Don't forget about our bream and shellcracker. Finding an active bed can take a little effort, but when you do, you can have a ball! Bedding usually takes place on the full moon cycles in June. Look for shallow cover in the backs of pockets. Sandy flats and stump beds tend to draw the fish like a magnet. Use live pink worms, crickets and small jigs for the best results.
Catfish: Good – Lots of channel cat are being caught by the few anglers that target them. Live and cut baits (and worms of course) fished on bottom will catch cats all over the lake, as long as fairly deep water is nearby. Jug fishing is also fun and productive. To target flatheads, go to a larger bait like a 4-5 inch bream or large shiner and fish the same areas. Be sure to increase the size of your rigs as fish in the 20 to 30-pound range are fairly common.
Source: turkrus.com
Russian liberals do their best to speak ill of the history of Russia's relationships with the West. They talk about the need to introduce European values in Russia for the modernisation of socio-cultural reality. However, even in most difficult and darkest times of history, Nazi Germany was dearer to the West than Soviet Russia.
The liberals want everyone in Russia to believe that the West is ready to take Russia into its open arms, but the Russian authorities do not want that to happen and provoke peace-loving Western countries to confrontation. For such thinkers, Joseph Stalin became one of the most despised characters in the Russian history. It was Stalin, who allegedly severed strong relations with his allies in the anti-Hitler coalition, refused to participate in the Marshall plan and turned the USSR into an "evil empire."
However, Moscow had never had good relations with Western countries during the whole period of Soviet power. Even Nazis looked better for European and American policy-makers. Moral values have never been the strong side of the rulers of Western states, and the "appeasement policy" pursued by Great Britain and France with regard to Hitler's Germany is a steel proof to that.
For Chamberlain and Daladier, the illegal deployment of troops in the Ruhr area and the violent Anschluss of Austria were regarded as the acts of the country insulted by the Treaty of Versailles. They allowed Hitler to go on rampage in Europe, assuming that their silence would win his friendship. This "brilliant strategy" is best exemplified by the Munich conspiracy - the alienation of the Sudetenland from Czechoslovakia (northern, southern, and western areas of former Czechoslovakia) by the agreement between the leaders of Italy, Germany, Britain and France. Needless to say, appetites of the Führer were growing, whereas the fate of Sudetenland befell the whole country, and then Poland.
The worst thing is that the rest of Europe was OK with it: Hitler was seen as a natural counterbalance to the much despised Soviet Russia. In 1940, the Supreme Allied Military Council developed a plan for Franco-British aggression against the USSR, known as the Spear. According to the plan, to deprive the Soviet Union of its sources of fuel, one had to bomb oil regions of Baku, Batumi and Grozny, support separatism in the Caucasus and deploy an expeditionary corps there. Back in the day, oil would be stored in open air pits, and one match could burn a whole city, let alone air strikes. The measures were supposed to switch the attention of Nazis from Europe to the weakened Soviet Union.
Fortunately, the plan was never implemented because even France and Great Britain realised predatory ambitions of the German leader. The "strong" friendship of the West with the USSR started when Hitler invaded Belgium. Winston Churchill, one of the main ideologists of the Cold War, once said that he was ready to conclude a deal with the devil to defeat Hitler. As we can see, USSR's prime ally in WWII saw our country as a necessary enemy that it would have to fight anyway.
Operation Unthinkable - the displacement of Soviet troops from Eastern Europe, the Eisenhower doctrine - the nuclear bombing of 20 largest cities of the Soviet Union and other post-war anti-Soviet strategies did not emerge because the USSR became an "evil empire." In the USSR, there were no analogues to American concentration camps for ethnic Japanese. In the USSR, more than a million German POWs did not disappear without a trace. After the war, Soviet power and the idea of communism became associated with the word "freedom," and it could not but attract small oppressed countries of Europe and residents of the colonies in Africa and in the Middle East.
The political elite of the Old World and its overseas masters have always despised Russia for its alternative way. Any allied relations between Russia and the West can be described as marriage of convenience. The sooner our neoliberal politicians realise that the West likes bloodthirsty Nazis more than peaceful Russians, the bette development Russia is going to experience in the foreseeable future.
Victor Denisenko
Pravda.Ru
Read article on the Russian version of Pravda.Ru
Decisions get a little suspect around midnight.
That's the view of one city councillor who's been pushing council to move its evening meetings to bright-and-early debates for months. This week, he gained some ground when the governance working group suggested Londoners should be asked about the swap.
Coun. Michael van Holst says it's a shift that will promote better decision-making and save city staff from putting in 16-hour days.
“I think this is a coming-of-age decision for London,” van Holst said. “Big cities have meetings in the day. Small towns have them at night.”
In his proposed timetable, public meetings that happen at committee would still be held at night, but other meetings would start in the morning. Right now, council and committee meetings are held at noon, 12:30 p.m. or 4 p.m.
But van Holst's bid also is a way to make a larger statement: politicians Londoners elect to represent them at city hall should be doing that work full-time.
“We face enough challenges in London that we need people to focus their time on it. I think we're a big enough city that this shouldn't be just something you do (in your spare time),” van Holst said.
Van Holst, a former teacher, doesn't work a day job, in order to dedicate his time to his councillor responsibilities. He attends all standing committee meetings, even those of which he is not a member.
So, a daytime schedule makes sense for him. But other councillors work day jobs.
The full-time versus part-time debate has been a point of contention for politicians and resurfaced last year when council approved a hefty pay raise.
Today councillors make about $36,000. But starting next term, their pay will be tied to the median full-time employment income in London. In 2015, that rate was $51,739.
Coun. Virginia Ridley, who chairs the governance working group, disputed the idea that investigating a new schedule is about pushing elected officials into a full-time box.
“This is looking at: Are we most effectively and efficiently using our time? We have staff that start at 8 a.m., and when we are there until midnight, they're there until midnight, too,” she said.
She echoed van Holst's concerns about the impact of late meetings.
“I don't feel like good decisions are made when people are tired and cranky,” Ridley said.
She questioned the assumption that evenings are the best time for Londoners to attend or participate in meetings. Shift work and other schedules might make earlier meetings a viable option. But council won't know until the public weighs in, Ridley said.
The suggestion passed unanimously by the governance work group. To go out and ask Londoners what they think is the next step, if approved by council.
mstacey@postmedia.com
twitter.com/MeganatLFPress
Transcript for North Korea test missiles, challenges US with nuclear war threats
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Left wing Ryan Donato, who starred for Team USA at last month's Pyeongchang Winter Games, has signed with the Boston Bruins and will play Monday night against the Columbus Blue Jackets.
Donato will play left wing alongside Noel Acciari and Brian Gionta. He will also see some power-play time.
Donato, 21, is a 2014 second-round draft pick of Boston and the son of former Bruin and current Harvard coach Ted Donato. He signed a two-year entry-level contract.
Donato tied for the lead in goals among all Olympians with five goals in five games and led Team USA with six points.
As a junior, Donato led Harvard with 26 goals and 43 points in 29 games this past season and was a finalist for the Hobey Baker Award as the NCAA's top player. He became available to sign after the Crimson were eliminated in the ECAC semifinals by Clarkson 5-4 in overtime Friday night.
"He's a kid that's got a confidence about himself, a talent level, and he's got some details he's gonna have to work on -- all young players do," said Bruins general manager Don Sweeney. "But he's a player that has hard skill. We're looking forward to having him ... get immersed and get a taste."
The Bruins have been hit hard with injuries, with several forwards sidelined.
Patrice Bergeron has been out three weeks with a broken foot, but was back on skates at Monday's practice and could travel with the team on the upcoming road trip.
Jake DeBrusk has missed the last two games with an upper-body injury. David Backes took 18 stitches to his right leg after being hit by a skate blade Saturday night.
"It was a pretty significant cut," Sweeney said Sunday of Backes' injury. "We'll let nature take its course and let it heal. I don't have a definitive timetable. Certainly not day-to-day. I would suspect he'll be out for a couple games."
The Bruins, who are second in the Eastern Conference with 98 points, are also missing rookie defenseman Charlie McAvoy (knee injury) and captain Zdeno Chara (upper-body injury).
U.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis is in Brussels today for a meeting of defense ministers from the 28-member NATO alliance. It's the first NATO meeting for Mattis since he took office. The U.S. contributes some 70 percent of the overall defense expenditure of NATO countries, and the issue of defense spending will likely be front and center.
Click the above audio player to hear the full story.
Getty Image
Meek Mill is Philly born and Philly bred, which comes through in things like his music and his love of sports teams in the City of Brotherly Love. Upon his imprisonment for a parole violation, athletes around Philadelphia made it a point to offer there support for him, with the Philadelphia Eagles even running onto the field before Super Bowl LII to “Dreams and Nightmares.”
On Tuesday afternoon, word dropped that the fight to get Meek Mill out of prison had reached a conclusion, as the Pennsylvania Supreme Court ruled for his immediate release. It also just happened to occur hours before the Philadelphia 76ers and the Miami Heat square off in Game 5 of their series, one which the Sixers lead 3-1.
The game is happening in Philadelphia, so obviously, everyone wants to know if Meek will be in attendance. According to Sixers co-owner Michael Rubin, it's likely going to occur, and if he's able to make it to the Wells Fargo Center in time, he'll kick off the pregame festivities.
Uproxx
Spring Break has a lot of common denominators: Florida's Coast, beach parties, Cancun, clubs full of foam, San Diego, endless fish tacos, El Carib, copious amounts of sugary cocktails. You know the drill: Sun, fun, and plenty of booze.
We can respect that. Winter's finally over. Summer is months away. We all need a break from the churn every now and then. We need to let loose, discover new corners of the world (and ourselves) and have a good damn time to boot. In short, SPRRAAAAAANG BREAAAAAAK, yo.
But not everyone loves going to the sun-baked beaches of Florida to drink cheap beer and get a sunburn. There's a whole world of experiences out there just waiting for you. Why not change it up this year? Why not go on an adventure of discovery right in America's own backyard? Maybe it's the year you surf beaches that few surfed, eat seafood straight from the sea, climb mountains in a park that doesn't even have a road through it, and spend a week eating and drinking somewhere new.
Maybe 2018's Spring Break is the year you're the outlier. Maybe this is the year you check out western Washington's Olympic Peninsula and let it rock your gypsy soul.
The Olympic Peninsula is one of the most remote and inaccessible places in the United States. A 50-minute ferry ride from downtown Seattle and you'll be in a wholly new world to you that's decidedly ancient. There are mythical rainforests, endless sandy beaches, insane surf breaks, untouched alpine peaks, sleepy towns frozen in Victorian amber, and plenty of great food and drink around every curve of Highway 101.
We've cobbled together a sample itinerary to whet your appetite for a Spring Break somewhere unexpected, rewarding, and straight up gorgeous. These are places we've visited and vetted, and they're definitely worth your time!
Decisions by most of the world's elite golfers to skip the PGA Tour's stop in West Virginia have been a boost for younger players like Xander Schauffele.
Schauffele had a one-stroke victory over Robert Streb at The Greenbrier resort last season, which ended with the 24-year-old from San Diego winning the Tour Championship and earning Rookie of the Year honors.
This year, nearly all of the two dozen rookies on the tour are in the field at A Military Tribute at The Greenbrier, which starts Thursday on the Old White TPC in White Sulphur Springs, West Virginia.
Chances are good that one or more of them could be near the top of the leaderboard. Four of the tournament's seven champions have been first-time winners, including three rookies.
Schauffele likes his chances, too.
He is part of the successful high school class of 2011 that includes Jordan Spieth, Justin Thomas and Daniel Berger. Schauffele pointed out that Spieth won the John Deere Classic in 2013 and 2015, Thomas won in Malaysia in 2015 and 2016, and Berger at the St. Jude Classic in 2016 and 2017.
"I feel like I want to join that group," Schauffele said Wednesday.
But Schauffele has missed the cut in three of his last four tournaments after finishing tied for second at The Players Championship.
At No. 24 in the world, he's among five players ranked in the top 30 at The Greenbrier. The others are Bubba Watson (No. 13), Phil Mickelson (No. 20), Webb Simpson (No. 21) and Brian Harman (No. 26). Five from the top 15 in the FedEx Cup are competing.
Watson, a three-time winner this season, and Mickelson own vacation homes at The Greenbrier Sporting Club. The Greenbrier Classic, typically held around Independence Day, was renamed last month in honor of the nation's active and past members of the military, who are being given free admission.
"It would be a huge accomplishment to win here in front of my home crowd," Watson said. "What a dream that would be, my dad was in the military so now we've got the name of the tournament. It just would mean a lot for my family to honor my late dad."
It's the first tournament for Mickelson since the U.S. Open, when he intentionally violated golf rules by hitting a moving ball on the 13th green in the third round. He later apologized, saying his anger and frustration got the best of him.
The West Virginia stop could see a change when the PGA Tour reveals its full schedule this month for the next FedEx Cup season. The tournament at Sam Snead's former playground in White Sulphur Springs is under contract through 2021.
Watson, for one, wouldn't mind seeing a schedule change. From a business standpoint, he said the Fourth of July holiday always is a hectic time at The Greenbrier, so moving the tournament to later in the year, especially with the area's spectacular fall foliage on display, would give the resort yet another busy week.
"I've always thought that the fall would be great," he said.
Up for grabs this week are four spots in the British Open at Carnoustie starting July 19. Those will go to players not already exempt among the top 12 finishers in West Virginia.
All past winners are in the field. So is Abraham Ancer, who was tied for the lead entering the final round of last week's Quicken Loans National. He finished tied for fourth.
Nineteen-year-old Norman Xiong is playing in his first tournament as a professional. He won the Haskins Award as the nation's top college golfer during his sophomore year at Oregon, earning him an exemption at The Greenbrier.
"It's pretty low-key here, so my mind's pretty settled and I'm just trying to prepare the best I can for the upcoming week," Xiong said. "It's a different stage. It's kind of a new beginning. I don't know too many guys out here. Hopefully soon I can make some friends."
Young man fishing on a lake from the boat at sunset
High temperatures have resulted in a record-shattering Valentines Day in 2017 for the Lloydminster area.
For the Border City, the previous daytime high stood at 4.9 Celsius. Today, it reached 6.0. In Cold Lake, the previous record was 5.7, which rose to 10.2, and in Wainwright, it rose to 9.6, with a previous record of 6.5.
With a total of 14 new daytime highs in Saskatchewan, and 34 in Alberta, it was a hot day in February across both provinces.
NEW YORK (AP) — The latest from the New York fraud trial of a reputed Philadelphia mob boss (all times local):
10:15 a.m.
A federal prosecutor in New York says a reputed Philadelphia mob boss was a "fixer" in a widespread scheme to collect insurance payments by bribing doctors to write bogus prescriptions for a pain cream.
Prosecutor Max Nicholas told jurors Tuesday that Joseph "Skinny Joey" Merlino "called the shots" as he and his cohorts "used the health care system as their personal money tree."
In his opening statements at the fraud trial, defense attorney Edwin Jacobs said his client was framed by cooperating criminals with incentive to lie to save their own skins.
Jacobs says Merlino is "accused of a bunch of crimes he didn't commit."
___
12:10 a.m.
A reputed Philadelphia mob boss known for beating murder raps and reinventing himself as a restaurateur is facing fraud charges in a federal trial in New York City.
Opening statements in the trial of Joseph "Skinny Joey" Merlino are set for Tuesday in Manhattan.
The 55-year-old Merlino was among nearly four dozen defendants arrested in a 2016 crackdown on an East Coast syndicate that prosecutors say committed crimes including extortion, loan-sharking, casino-style gambling and health care fraud. It operated in New York, Massachusetts, Pennsylvania, Florida and New Jersey.
Most of the defendants pleaded guilty to lesser charges, with Merlino the only one so far to go to trial. He has pleaded not guilty to charges he conspired to bill insurers for unnecessary and excessive prescriptions for expensive compound creams in exchange for kickbacks.
Amber Gajeski, the center's activities assistant, said the goal of the evening was to help seniors meet new people. She said she often hears members express that they do not have companions with whom to share activities.
"That's kind of one of the main reasons why I (thought), we have to try this event," she said. "Even if they don't find love, which we're not really expecting."
Five men and five women attended. They sat in pairs and talked for eight minutes at a time, then mingled as a group afterward. The attendees said they came into the evening expecting a lighthearted evening without pressure.
"I'm at an age now where it's about fun, meeting new people," said Bobbie, a member of the center who declined to give her last name. "It's not like I think I'm going to find a husband or anything. It's just about having fun now."
Attendees noted on a sheet of paper if they were interested in getting to know anyone they met further. Gajeski had placed conversation prompts on each table in case any of the pairs needed help breaking the ice, but the cards seemed to go untouched as everyone chatted easily up until the time came to switch pairs.
Jim Laturnus said he found he had a lot in common with all of the women he visited.
"I had nothing to lose, really," he said of his choice to come to the event. "I was just looking for companionship. I do know some of these other people here before. They're all fun. Every single one of them had something in common."
"We really had a good time, learned a little bit about each other," Roxie Lord said. "I'm really glad I came." She added she approaches everything with the same positive attitude. "A sense of humor is the best thing to have to keep going through life," she said.
Gajeski said in the future, the Senior Center may organize a similar event for women only so they can meet new friends. "There's a lot of people that just moved here. It would be nice for them to get introduced to other people."
St. Catharines city council gathers tonight for a regularly scheduled meeting.
The agenda includes motions calling on the provincial and federal governments to increase funding to violence against women shelters, creating a city youth advisory committee and requesting answers from the NPCA about legal expenses.
The meeting gets underway at 6:30 and can be viewed through the livestream below.
MESA, Ariz. (AP) — A lot has changed for the Chicago Cubs in the past year. Right down to team mantras. For the better part of 108 years, blowing a shot at a championship was met by shrugs and a feeling of, “That's just the Cubs.” The Cubs arrive this week at Sloan Park as World Series champions and manager Joe Maddon and Co. are grabbing onto a relatively fresh term: “That's Cub.” Maddon, of course, loves to find creative ways to keep the players fresh and focused during a long season. “That would be Cub, ‘That's Cub' to move it forward, to win a World Series and then come back the next season and you're happy and you're impressed and you love what you've done, but you have to continue to move it forward,” Maddon said. Cubs president of baseball operations Theo Epstein said the phrase cropped up a few years ago when today's current standouts were youngsters in the organization. It has followed players like Kris Bryant, Kyle Schwarber, Albert Almora and Javier Baez to the major leagues. “‘That's Cub' started four or five years ago in the minors,” Epstein said. “When they started realizing how good they were, and some of the things they were doing, we started saying, ‘That's Cub.' It was great for morale and came to mean something positive organically. For years ‘That's Cub' had a different connotation.” Some players were already sporting “That's Cub” shirts during workouts with Courage, Urgency and Belief spelled out under the corresponding letters. Maddon also talked about three themes he will focus on this spring: Staying uncomfortable, authenticity and heart. “It's really important to be uncomfortable,” Maddon said. “If you become a comfortable person, I think that subtracts growth from the equation. I think if you remain somewhat uncomfortable, you'll continue to grow. You don't become stagnant. You don't become complacent, set in your ways. On every level, I want us to remain uncomfortable. I think that's a really positive word.” “For me, I really want us to really understand the authentic part of who we are,” he said. “From that, be able to sustain what we've done in the past just by being us. Don't try to do anything different. There's a part of the sameness I would like to see, is the authentic part of our guys.” He mentioned Game 7 of the World Series at Cleveland. The Cubs blew a three-run lead in the eighth, with Rajai Davis hitting the tying homer off Aroldis Chapman. But they got a pep talk from Jason Heyward during a short rain delay after the ninth inning, scored two in the 10th and hung on after Cleveland got a run in the bottom half to bring home their first championship since 1908. “Things went badly for a bit,” Maddon said. “We came back and regrouped because our guys got together in a room, void of any kind of statistical, video, analytical information – they went in there as human beings and came out unified. “Everybody just wants to talk about all this other stuff. Everybody's forgetting the heartbeat. I don't want us to forget the heartbeat, ever.” The topics eventually turned toward the players – Schwarber's desire to catch, managing pitchers' workload considering the season went to Nov. 2, bullpen depth, platoons in center field with Almora and John Jay and Baez's uncertain role. But the main theme of the initial news conference with general manager Jed Hoyer, Epstein and Maddon was how things must stay the same even though things are much different now that the organization isn't labeled with 100-plus years of jokes, curses and failures. “The methods are still the same,” Maddon said. “We weren't outcome oriented. We focus on the process to give you the best opportunity to succeed. Nothing changes in that regard. Embrace the target and everything else remains the same.”
Comments
comments
By Nate Raymond
(Reuters) - The state of Minnesota on Wednesday sued Insys Therapeutics Inc, accusing the drugmaker of illegally marketing a powerful fentanyl-based pain medicine intended for cancer patients for other uses.
The lawsuit by Minnesota Attorney General Lori Swanson added to the drugmaker's legal woes as it seeks to resolve a U.S. Justice Department probe into its promotion of the opioid product Subsys and fights similar lawsuits by other states.
The latest lawsuit, which was filed in Hennepin County District Court in Minneapolis, comes as state attorneys general are increasingly seeking to hold drugmakers responsible for the national opioid epidemic.
Insys did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Opioids were involved in more than 42,000 overdose deaths nationwide in 2016, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Subsys, an under-the-tongue spray intended for cancer patients, contains fentanyl, an opioid 100 times stronger than morphine.
Federal prosecutors in Boston have accused seven former executives and managers at Insys, including billionaire founder John Kapoor, of participating in a scheme to bribe doctors to prescribe Subsys and to defraud insurers into paying for it.
Prosecutors said Kapoor, former Insys Chief Executive Michael Babich and others schemed to bribe medical practitioners, using payments for sham speaker programs ostensibly meant to educate healthcare professionals about Subsys.
They have pleaded not guilty and are scheduled to face trial in January.
(Reporting by Nate Raymond in Boston; Editing by Will Dunham and Bill Berkrot)
Thousands of people have marched through London demanding more government money for Britain's overburdened National Health Service.
Trade unions and the main opposition Labour Party backed the "NHS in crisis: Fix it now" protest.
Marchers with placards proclaiming "Save our NHS" and "More staff, more beds, more funds" made their way through central London on Saturday toward Conservative Prime Minister Theresa May's Downing St. office.
Britain's state-funded health service has been under mounting pressure, with demand from a growing, aging population rising faster than investment. Winter illnesses and an exodus of stress-hit medical staff have led to thousands of canceled operations and long waits for ambulances and emergency treatment.
The British government says it is putting more money into health care and training more doctors and nurses.
By Joe Paraskevas
Ottawa police say they have not noticed a jump in crime in Old Ottawa East despite a number of incidents this past summer that left some residents concerned.
Investigators with two different units of the Ottawa Police Service – robbery, and guns and gangs – were assigned to crimes in OOE, spokesman Constable Marc Soucy admitted. But he was quick to point out this was routine.
Crime analysts with the police service, who study crime reports from across the city and relay any trends they spot to front-line officers, did not take note of a spike in Old Ottawa East, Soucy said.
However, Old Ottawa East, an otherwise peaceful neighborhood has experienced four violent incidents over the past six months. On June 14, police arrested a 23-year-old man after a 27-year-old man was shot during an early-morning incident near Rosemere and Springhurst avenues.
Five days later, a man robbed the Scotiabank branch at Main Street and Hawthorne Avenue and escaped with an undisclosed amount of money.
On September 14, police responded to a suspected shooting in the Main and Riverdale area. Six days later, a further gun-related incident at an AirBnB rental in Concord St North left two people injured.
These violent incidents are in addition to a perceived increase in property crime over the past 18 months. Residents, particularly in OOE's northeast neighbourhoods between Main and the Lees transitway station, have regularly circulated e-mails of car thefts, home break-ins and cases of suspicious people seen wandering in the area.
Most recently Cst. Stephanie Lemieux, provided the Old Ottawa East Community Association with information that said an increase in thefts from vehicles has been noticed.
“I don't know why the cops would say [crime hasn't increased],” said a 40-year-old man who lives at the high-rise apartment building at 169 Lees Ave. and also works in the area. “Only in the last year, I've seen them 12 times.”
The man, who has lived in OOE for eight years, went on to say his neighbourhood, which until recent years was a magnet for students and families, has begun to attract people doing drugs.
“(The police) can say there is no pattern,” the man said. “There is. It's a bad pattern.”
Even in the face of crimes both high-profile and localized, most people are not alarmed that life in OOE is becoming more dangerous.
“I would not say that I feel any increase in crime in the neighborhood,” said a Chestnut Street resident. “We did have that one shooting event on Springhurst in the last year, but that felt like a freak event.”
A woman who works at the Old Town Hall community centre three or four days a week said she had not heard users talking about a growing sense of insecurity.
A business owner across the street agreed with police evaluations that crime was not a growing problem in OOE.
Source: Ottawa Police Service
by
Challenging critics of Friday's announcement that the White House will not voluntarily release its visitor logs, Press Secretary Sean Spicer on Monday accused the Obama administration of a "faux attempt" at transparency and said the Trump administration was following both law and tradition.
"We recognize there's a privacy aspect to allowing citizens to come express their views and that's why we maintain the same policy that every other administration did come up here, prior to the last one," Spicer said. "And the last one frankly was a faux level of doing that because when you go through and scrub everyone's name out you don't want everyone to know, that really is not an honest attempt at doing it."
The Obama administration voluntarily released some 6 million records of White House visitors, but withheld other records under claimed national security and personal privacy exemptions. Obama administration lawyers at the time said the release was voluntary and not required by law.
The Trump administration announced on Friday that it would reverse that Obama-era policy on releasing White House visitor logs because of "grave national security and privacy concerns."
These records will not be released until five years after the president's term ends pursuant to the Presidential Records Act, with some logs remaining secret for up to 12 years. Visitor logs of certain executive agencies, such as the Office of Management and Budget, might be obtained sooner through Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) requests.
Legal experts told ABC News that Trump's stated policy on visitor logs appears to follow both the law and settled practice prior to the Obama administration.
Specifically, it was Judge Merrick Garland -- Obama's unsuccessful nominee for the U.S. Supreme Court -- who ruled in August 2013 that White House visitor logs are not considered "agency records" subject to FOIA requests. That ruling is currently being challenged in the Second Circuit Court of Appeals by watchdog groups committed to government transparency.
Tom Fitton, president of the conservative-leaning Judicial Watch, said he is disappointed by the Trump administration's decision to keep the names of White House visitors secret, but told ABC News that he agrees with Spicer that Obama engaged in "faux transparency."
"We only saw the visitor logs he wanted us to see," Fitton said.
But others said the Obama policy had been a laudable break from past policies.
"President Obama administratively flipped the presumption from one of opaqueness to one of openness," said Michael W. Macleod-Ball, chief of staff of the ACLU Washington Legislative Office.
Macleod-Ball called Spicer's rationale "illogical" and said it "discounts the value of the non-national security information that was released under Obama that this administration will not be releasing."
He pointed out that visitor logs revealed that his own organization, the American Civil Liberties Union, had more White House access than any other non-profit group during the Obama years. "There are many stories in those millions of records, and they are fair game. People can make what they want of that information and without having access all we can do is speculate," he said.
Taipei, Dec. 12 -- The lead stories in major Taiwan dailies on Tuesday are as follows:
@United Daily News: President says Taiwan is partner in U.S. Indo-Pacific strategy
@China Times: Referendum law amendment set for third reading today
@Liberty Times: AIT chairman criticizes Chinese diplomat's threatening remarks as inappropriate
@Apple Daily: College student attacks female schoolmate with knife over unrequited love
@Economic Daily News: Revenues of listed, OTC companies hit new high in November
@Commercial Times: Interior, finance ministries push for reconstruction of 4 million old homes
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Neymar celebrated his Paris Saint-Germain debut in style with a goal and an assist for Edinson Cavani in a 3-0 win over Guingamp.
Watch: Guingamp vs PSG
MELBOURNE, Australia (AP) — Once he'd become the first man to win 20 Grand Slam singles titles, the questions to Roger Federer shifted to another major milestone.
The record for most major singles titles is 24, set by Margaret Court across the amateur and professional eras. Serena Williams set the Open era record last year when she beat her sister Venus in the Australian Open final for her 23rd major title.
That win 12 months ago — Serena Williams' last before taking time out for her pregnancy and the birth last September of her daughter — coincided with Federer's drought-breaking triumph at Melbourne Park.
Federer's win over Rafael Nadal in the 2017 final ended a Grand Slam drought dating back to Wimbledon in 2012. He followed that up by winning the Wimbledon title and finished last year at No. 2.
Now that he has successfully defended a Grand Slam title for the first time in almost a decade — he won the U.S. Open five consecutive years from 2004 to 2008 (equaling his longest streak of five Wimbledon titles from 2003-7) — people are speculating about his chances of matching Court's record.
"I didn't think 20 was ever possible, to be honest. But, no, I think it's too far," Federer said. "Those numbers are surreal. They're amazing. I'm very happy if it stays at 20. What a moment."
Federer didn't hide his emotion after beating sixth-seeded Marin Cilic 6-2, 6-7 (5), 6-3, 3-6, 6-1 on Rod Laver Arena on Sunday night, shedding tears as he accepted the trophy. Even the great Laver, sitting in the crowd, was compelled to get a photo of it for posterity.
At the age of 36 years, 173 days, Federer became the second-oldest man to win a Grand Slam singles title in the Open era after Ken Rosewall, who won the 1972 Australian Open at 37.
The father-of-four said careful planning and staying injury-free could keep him in contention at the big tournaments.
"I've won three Slams now in 12 months. I can't believe it myself," Federer said. "I've just got to keep a good schedule, stay hungry, then maybe good things can happen."
Here's what else we learned at the Australian Open:
— Marin's moment: Cilic moved up to No. 3 in the rankings with his run to the final, which included a victory over Nadal in the quarterfinals. It was his second final in the last three majors and he's growing in confidence that he can add another Grand Slam title to his 2014 U.S. Open breakthrough.
— Wozniacki's win: Caroline Wozniacki is finally a Grand Slam champion, holding off top-seeded Simona Halep in three tough sets. She was seeded No. 2 and playing her 43rd major, and the victory lifted her to No. 1 in the rankings for the first time in six years. Wozniacki said she was most pleased she won't ever have to answer any more questions about what it's like to have held the top ranking without winning a major.
— Halep's heart: The 26 year-old Romanian was playing her first major as the top seed, had to save match points in the third round and in the semifinals and spent more time on the courts at Melbourne Park than any other woman in the tournament. In the end, she had to settle for a third Grand Slam final loss. But it was her first away from Roland Garros, and should increase her resolve. She'd made first-round exits in the two previous years at the Australian Open.
— Tough at the top: Wozniacki was the fourth different major winner on the women's side since Serena Williams last played, and three of them (Wozniacki, Jelena Ostapenko at the French and Sloane Stephens at the U.S. Open) were first-time Grand Slam champions. Five women held the top ranking in 2017, and already there's been a change at the top this year. N.B. Serena Williams has already announced her comeback.
— Moving up the ranks: Among the notable movers were Angelique Kerber, the former No. 1 and a two-time major winner, returning to the top 10 after her run to the semifinals. Elise Mertens moved from No. 37 to No. 20 after making the semifinals on debut at the Australian Open.
— Missing men: Between them, Federer and Rafael Nadal have won the last five majors, with injuries sidelining some other stars of the game. Six-time Australian Open champion Novak Djokovic returned here from six months out with a right elbow injury but was stunned by Hyeon Chung. Stan Wawrinka, the 2014 champion, went out early after struggling with his injured left knee. Five-time finalist Andy Murray and Kei Nishikori didn't contest the season-opening major. Nadal, who retired in the fifth set of his quarterfinal against Cilic because of hip muscle problem, said tour organizers need to pay attention to the injury toll and investigate what is causing it.
— Chung's charge: The 21-year-old Chung became the first Korean to reach the semifinals at a major, and certainly got plenty of attention. Winner of the ATP Next Gen Finals last November, he took out fourth-seeded Alexander Zverev and Djokovic but his "blisters on blisters" forced him to retire in the second set of his semifinal against Federer. He'll learn from the experience.
— And now for the weather: If tennis fans and pundits didn't know what the WBGT reading is, they should now. That's the combined measure of heat, humidity and breeze that dictates whether the Australian Open heat policy is enacted or not. Tournament referee Wayne McEwen has the option of closing the roof and suspending play on outside courts when the temperature reaches 40 degrees Celsius (104 Fahrenheit) and the wet-bulb globe temperature (WBGT) reaches 32.5C (90.5F). He used his discretion to shut the roof on the last day, making the men's final indoors. Tennis Australia said the WBGT reading didn't reach the threshold on any previous day of the tournament.
