Take each and every moment to reach out and embrace someone, because we do not know what the next moment ...
PLEASE LOG IN FOR PREMIUM CONTENT Our website requires visitors to log in to view the best local news. Not yet a subscriber? Subscribe today
Print management is a concept that is not familiar to everyone. The idea can be taken into consideration by many companies who handle projects and advertising materials. Companies just go to the printer's office and present their projects and materials, waiting then for the results. But in some occasions, it is not as simple as it sounds. Many companies who want to adopt modern print management solutions can also adopt e delivery.
The print management system is not as easy to handle, as in many occasions; the printer can present hitches and problems. Experienced printers know that a comprehensive system is necessary, as the procedure itself is rarely simple. In the first place, it is important that companies choose the right concept in order to generate the best results. A bad idea can be a waste of money, as it will not achieve anything at the end.
A print management service is essential from the start of the project, in order to offer the expected results. The service can generate the main idea and then put it into practice using a design or image. The printer specialist can have the control over the promotional approach and see things in a different perspective. A reliable print management system provides more than initial services. This involved delivery as well, storage and inventory. These options are mandatory for any business that handles promotional campaigns executed in small stages.
Managing a project involves taking a lot of steps and decisions and any company should understand why a system is so important. It can make a company's life a lot easier, leaving it with more time and energy to focus on other tasks, such as using e delivery to send out information to customers. A print management system is the best way to get projects done correctly and in time. It is also important to note that some aspects of the traditional printing process can harm the environment.
Furthermore, regarding additional information about e delivery, many companies can choose to implement it because of two main reasons: to save time and save trees. It is a fast and secure method of transmitting information anywhere. The recipient receives an e-mail as soon as the documents are delivered and using any internet connection, the person is able to view, save and print them. Among the greatest advantages is that companies and customers likewise, have access to up to 10 years of account information, confirmations and statements at any time.
Security is also a factor to be considered with e delivery, as companies can worry less about documents that can compromise their security. Being handled digitally, only they will have access to information. More than that, paper clutter is eliminated. And finally, a very important aspect concerning everyone is the environment. E delivery can help reduce paper consumption, resulting in reducing the costs of a company and reducing the negative effects on the surroundings.
Signing up for e delivery can turn out to be beneficial for more than one party e delivery ( http://www.capita-dis.co.uk ) . To increase the efficiency and productivity of a business, a print management system can provide the proper solutions print management ( http://www.capita-dis.co.uk ) .
“A New Year's resolution is something that goes in one year and out the other.”
“Many people look forward to the New Year for a new start on old habits.”
“New Year's resolutions are a bit like babies: They're fun to make but extremely difficult to maintain.”
A few days into the New Year, how are your 2017 health resolutions going? As the anonymous quotes above suggest, maintaining resolutions can be quite a challenge.
A 2007 study from the University of Bristol showed that 88 per cent of those who set New Year resolutions fail even though 52 per cent of participants is confident of success when they started. Each January, about one in three of us resolve to better ourselves in some way. A much smaller percentage of people actually make good on those resolutions. Research from 2002 suggests about 75 per cent of us stick to our goals for at least a week; however less than half are still on target six months later.
One way to increase your odds of success is to aim for small measurable goals. So instead of resolving to “lose weight”, deciding from the outset to lose one pound a week works well for men; while women succeed more when they make their goals public and ask for support from their friends.
Here's a small goal tip that might work for weight loss: reduce the size of your dinner plate. Then fill half the plate with vegetables, with a quarter of the space given to protein and the same for carbohydrate. And put the food dishes out of sight away from the table when everyone has been served. This will stop any tendency to graze after you have finished the original portions.
Having difficulty with the notion of a full on exercise regime? Then try this: for every hour you are sitting get up and walk briskly for five minutes. If you are in a sedentary job for eight hours this equates to 40 minutes of exercise a day, taken in small bite size chunks.
ADVERTISEMENT
One strategy not to follow is to rely on a medical “check-up” to kick-start your resolutions. According to a review in the British Medical Journal, general health checks did not reduce morbidity or mortality. Nor do they affect either deaths or disability from cardiovascular disease or from cancer. Worse, health checks increase the number of new diagnoses for patients, suggesting the possibility they may contribute to harmful outcomes such as over-diagnosis and over-treatment.
One trial found that health checks led to a 20 per cent increase in the total number of new diagnoses per participant over six years compared with the control group and an increased number of people with self-reported chronic conditions. Keeping the doctor away has definite benefits, it seems.
You could of course turn the resolution pressure completely on its head and decide to stop worrying about your health. It's an approach advocated by Dr Susan Love, a professor of surgery at the University of California, Los Angeles.
Co-author of Live a Little! Breaking the Rules Won't Break Your Health, Love makes the case that perfect health is a myth and that most of us are living healthier lives than we realise. “Is the goal to live forever?” she asks. “I would contend it's not. It's to live as long as you can with the best quality of life you can.”
Her thesis is based on the U-shaped curve. Rather than aiming for perfection at one or other end of the curve, maybe the best place to be is in the middle. There is solid evidence that those who have a slightly elevated BMI have better long-term health outcomes than people with low/normal measurements.
Don't let the New Year resolution zeitgeist get you down. Here's to a healthy and happy 2017 – whatever way it works for you.
Still basking in the euphoria of the historic and glamorous Coronation ceremony, the Obi of Issele-Uku, HRM Ezeagwuna 11 and Traditional Head of Ezechima Clan has taken delivery of a brand-new Infinity QX56 Jeep as a free gift from Chief Ike Odoe, the Oji-Oba of Issele-Uku and CEO of Crown Feeds and Livestock Nig. Ltd/Crown Hatchery Enterprises – a leading poultry farm in West Africa.
The presentation was done on Sunday 1st January, 2017, at the Oligbo Royal Palace by Chief Odoe to the admiration of all present.
According to Odoe, "I am aware that efforts are being made by Hon. Engr. Emeka Nwaobi and some other progressive youths of Issele-Uku to procure a befitting vehicle for our new king. Their efforts are commendable; in fact, I appreciate everyone that has played one role or the other towards the success of the Coronation. However, this is part of my widow's mite to the king for him to start up life on a good note. While we wait for other cars to come in, I felt the king deserves much more than starting with small cars; and so I have brought this one for him", the Oji-Oba explained.
Meanwhile, on behalf of His Highness, the Chairman of the Media, Publicity and Protocol Subcommittee, Prof. Josephine Ngozi Mokwunyei commended Chief Ike Odoe for such monumental gesture, stating that he has remained a pillar of development in Issele-Uku. She appreciated him for the gift of the car to Obi Ezeagwuna, asking God to bless him abundantly even as he continues to contribute to the peaceful coexistence and progress of Issele-Uku land.
COPENHAGEN, Denmark (AP) — Temperatures in Europe's far north are breaking records, prompting Scandinavians to take dips in fjords well ahead of the official start of summer on June 21.
In the municipality of Etne, on Norway's west coast, the mercury hit 32.7 degrees Celsius (90.86 degrees Fahrenheit) on Wednesday, a record for May.
Danish meteorologists say May has already broken records for sunshine, with 348 hours recorded by Wednesday — expected to reach 360 on Thursday. The previous high was 347.
People took dips in harbors and fjords across southern Norway, and bans on open fires because of dry forests and grass have been issued in many municipalities in Sweden.
President Donald Trump walks with Health and Human Services Secretary Alex Azar as they arrive for the White House Sports and Fitness Day event on the South Lawn of the White House in Washington, Wednesday, May 30, 2018. Susan Walsh AP Photo
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Brighton sealed promotion to the Premier League, and moved a step closer to winning the SkyBet Championship, after beating Wigan 2-1 at a jubilant Amex Stadium.
The win was enough to spark jubilant scenes at the Amex Stadium, but their elevation to the top table was not confirmed mathematically until Huddersfield drew 1-1 at Derby in the late kick-off.
Jacob Butterfield's 88th-minute equaliser was enough to cancel out Collin Quaner's effort and formalise the Seagulls celebration party.
Glenn Murray had opened the scoring for Chris Hughton's side eight minutes before half-time, his 22nd goal of the campaign and fifth in as many games at home.
England Under-21 international Solly March ensured the celebrations could continue in earnest when he converted Anthony Knockaert's cutback and a late goal from substitute Nick Powell could not change the picture.
Newcastle, league leaders for so long, slipped to seven points behind the Seagulls as they took their winless run to three matches with a 3-1 reverse at Ipswich.
Freddie Sears put the hosts ahead just before half-time, but when former Tractor Boy and Irish striker Daryl Murphy levelled in the second half the Magpies had a chance to switch their fortunes.
Instead they conceded twice more, Irish international David McGoldrick and Emyr Huws the scorers.
Gianfranco Zola's brief and forgettable stint at Birmingham ended after a 2-0 defeat at home to Burton left Blues two places and three points clear of the drop.
Burton leapfrogged their opponents in the table after Lloyd Dyer and Lucas Akins hit the net and Zola's 22-game reign came to an end within minutes of the final whistle.
In the play-off picture wins for Reading, Sheffield Wednesday and Fulham saw Leeds edged out of the top six.
Reading went behind to relegated Rotherham, Tom Adeyemi on target, but hit back in the second half.
First Lewis Grabban then John Swift beat Richard O'Donnell to seal the points with a 2-1 win.
Wednesday won by the same margin at QPR, Adam Reach and Daniel Pudil notching either side of Idrissa Sylla's equaliser.
Fulham enjoyed a straightforward outing at home to Aston Villa, who slumped 3-1 after playing 68 minutes with 10 men.
Ryan Sessegnon gave the Cottagers the lead after hitting the crossbar and, although Jack Grealish restored parity following Jonathan Kodija's red card, the result never seemed in doubt.
Sone Aluko and Neeskens Kebano settled matters as the numerical disadvantage came to bear in the second period.
All of that spelled bad news for Garry Monk's Leeds, who were turned over at Elland Road when Wolves striker Nouha Dicko grabbed the only goal of the game.
Blackburn salvaged a draw from Bristol City's trip to Ewood Park, Sam Gallagher cancelling out Tammy Abraham's effort, but they remain third bottom and deep in trouble.
Norwich defeated Preston 3-1 at Deepdale, but neither side can now hope to crack the play-offs.
Graham Dorrans and Josh Murphy gave the Canaries a first-half cushion before Tommy Spurr and James Maddison traded strikes.
Aron Gunnarsson gave Cardiff a 1-0 win over struggling Nottingham Forest and Brentford drew 1-1 at Barnsley as Florian Jozefzoon and Marley Watkins scored.
The Golden Knights finished up two days of what head coach Gerard Gallant called, “great practices.” They each lasted about an hour long, both had high energy and high intensity: something the players said was necessary as they get ready to hit the road.
The medieval maniacs stayed true to form Thursday afternoon with another large crowd and an even louder presence.
"It's a weekday and it's packed here,” Golden Knights forward, Jonathan Marchessault said. "It's pretty awesome to be part of that and definitely want to bring back the series in a good position for sure."
It's something players said they soaked in, knowing they won't have that positive energy for the first time this postseason in Games 1 and 2.
"I'm excited to see, get booed from the start,” Golden Knights forward Pierre-Edouard Bellemare said. "It's fun, our crowd is unbelievable. I know that, and I know the crowd we're going to go is going to be unbelievable, so it's going to be fun stuff for sure."
"I think it's really good. We've formed chemistry on the road all year long. We're going to continue to do so, come out and be ready to play Game 1," Golden Knights forward Alex Tuch said.
RELATED: NHL releases Stanley Cup Playoffs Western Conference Final schedule
RELATED: Full FOX5 Vegas Golden Knights coverage
All season long, head coach Gerard Gallant has expressed how he enjoys playing on the road and for the players, they said it's a welcome change.
"It's all business when you go on the road. You hang out with your teammates the whole time and then hopefully get the job done there and come back home," Golden Knights forward, Erik Haula said.
"Home advantage is always nice, but in the playoffs, you see a lot of teams come in the building, get the big win. So we're going to try and do that," Marchessault said.
"They get home ice, we'll go in there, hopefully play two real good hockey games and leave there up in the series. That's the goal, but we'll take it one at a time and see what happens in that first game," Gallant said.
45 minutes before Golden Knights practice at City National Arena, stands are full, already a massive line in the team store, and birthdays being celebrated, just another day of hockey in Vegas #VegasBorn pic.twitter.com/Sa4l9saY5K — Vince Sapienza (@VinceSapienza) May 10, 2018
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
World Cup Qualifier Highlights – ITV
With two games remaining, England are just two points away from qualifying for next summer's World Cup in Russia, but they will be wary of a stubborn Slovenian side who they meet tonight. Scotland's slender chances of progressing depend on a strong finish to their campaign, beginning with a win against Slovakia at Hampden. Having won their last five matches in a row, Northern Ireland look to continue their rich vein of form against world champions Germany. Jacqui Oatley is joined by Glenn Hoddle, Lee Dixon and Ally McCoist, with commentary on England v Slovenia by Clive Tyldesley and Glenn Hoddle.
Eliminating fraud and waste in government is the perennial favorite of politicians when they're looking for ways to justify new spending. They constantly use the catch phrase “fraud and waste” as the source of funding some new expenditure.
However, the public rarely demands a list of the specific expenditures that comprise the dreaded fraud and waste that should be eliminated. There are, of course, generalizations, such as the fraud and waste that is found in the Medicare and Medicaid programs. But once the proposed legislation has been approved and signed into law, we never hear of any fraud and/or waste subsequently being found to pay for it.
Perhaps the most challenging aspect of the fraud and waste issue is defining it. On closer inspection, we find that one person's fraud and/or waste is another person's legitimate benefit or incentive that was actually created by the very same politicians who now seek to eliminate it.
Citizens Against Government Waste produces an annual summary of pork-barrel spending that is aptly named the Congressional Pig Book. CAGW's 2010 Congressional Pig Book Summary highlights the usual litany of congressional misuse of government funds that have been appropriated by various members of Congress for the benefit of a wide variety of individuals and causes. These appropriations are generally attached to other bills as they make their way through the approval process and rarely see the light of day or are subjected to any sort of critical analysis in a sort of wink, wink, unwritten agreement that “if you vote for my bill, I will vote for yours.”
Pretty much everyone goes along to get along, while the public is kept in the dark — unless, of course, they happen to be a beneficiary of a particular piece of pork-barrel legislation.
CAGW's spring 2010 newsletter noted that in 1991, the year of their first Pig Book, there were 546 projects with a total value of $3.2 billion. The numbers in 2010 were 9,129 projects with a total cost of $16.5 billion. Not surprisingly, as the federal budget has grown, so have the number and total cost of earmarks.
The “pork-barrel” appropriations included in the 2010 Pig Book were grouped in the following categories:
» I. Agriculture: 475 projects, total $396.5 million.
» II. Commerce, Justice, Science: 1,510 projects, total $714.4 million.
» III. Defense: 1,752 projects, total $10.3 billion.
» IV. Energy and Water: 939 projects, total $1.2 billion.
» V. Financial Services: 260 projects, total $65 million.
» VI. Homeland Security: 173 projects, total $242.8 million.
» VII. Interior: 548 projects, total $361.1 million.
» VIII. Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education: 1,789 projects, total $813.8 million.
» IX. Legislative Branch: Only one earmark was requested, total $200,000. (Note: The lone earmark was attached to the Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, which includes increases for staff salaries, money for parties for dignitaries, and $500,000 for a “pilot program” to send postcards to their constituents about town meetings.)
» X. Military Construction: 182 projects, total $1.1 billion.
» XI. State and Foreign Operations: Seven earmarks, total $209.4 million.
» XII. Transportation/Housing and Urban Development: 1,483 earmarks, total $1.2 billion.
Last year, the Obama administration and Congress added $1.4 trillion to the national debt, more than the total deficit of the prior four years, and Sen. George LeMieux, R-Fla., noted, “Unless Washington's lawmakers reverse course on spending, our deficits will continue to rise and our nation's debt will suffocate prosperity. ... In the last fiscal year alone, Congress gave the State Department a 32 percent increase, the Environmental Protection Agency a 35 percent increase and most all other federal departments and agencies saw increases well above inflation. ... The current earmark process is the engine that drives the train. Earmarks have become the tools used to build support for the annual appropriations bills that fund the basic functions of our government. Distracting attention from oversight, members often become focused on how much money they are able to get for their district or state.”
Although this year's earmarks are a relatively small portion of the total federal budget ($16.5 billion vs. more than $1.4 trillion), they are symptomatic of what's wrong with the way our government and the people who run it operate. It's always about getting more money to spend — never less — and the method of budgeting that Congress uses is deliberately designed to produce bigger budgets year after year — forever.
Federal budgets are developed using a method that is described as “traditional incremental budgeting,” with departmental managers having to justify only increases over the previous year's budget, and what has been already spent is automatically approved.
The system is rigged to always provide bigger budgets, never smaller, and no one ever spends less than their budget allows for fear that, if they do, their budget for the next year will be reduced by the amount they don't use. Unless and until we wake up and change the way we do things, earmarks and spending will continue to grow until we simply go broke, which many people believe has already happened. At some point, budgets and earmarks won't matter, because there simply won't be any money available to spend.
My conclusion is that, when it comes to fraud and waste, the best way to combat the problem in government would be to replace the big spenders in Washington.
— Harris R. Sherline is a retired CPA and former chairman and CEO of Santa Ynez Valley Hospital who as lived in Santa Barbara County for more than 30 years. He stays active writing opinion columns and his blog, Opinionfest.com.
Israeli police authorities are to interrogate Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on suspicions that he systematically received favors and gifts worth tens of thousands of dollars from a number of wealthy businessmen.
The 67-year-man chairman of the Likud party will be questioned at his official residence in occupied Jerusalem al-Quds on Monday evening.
Photographers have camped outside his heavily guarded residence, hoping to get pictures of the investigators' arrival. Meanwhile, screens have been mounted at the entrance to the property to block the view.
Israel Radio said Attorney General Avichai Mandelblit had authorized the move after he decided to upgrade a preliminary probe into a criminal one in the wake of sufficient evidence for such an investigation.
US billionaire and the president of World Jewish Congress, Ronald Lauder, is among those questioned in the probe over illegal gifts.
Netanyahu dismissed all allegations against him in a Facebook post at the weekend, arguing that some of the tycoons in question are his close friends.
The Israeli prime minister is currently under investigation for having accepted 1 million euros (about $1.1 million) from accused French fraudster Arnaud Mimran in the form of donations during his 2009 campaign.
Netanyahu has also come under scrutiny over a billion-dollar deal with Germany for the acquisition of three submarines. He faces allegations of a possible conflict of interest within his inner circle in making the deal.
Reports emerged last November that Netanyahu's personal lawyer and one of his closest confidants, David Shimron, was representing the German arms manufacturer ThyssenKrupp, which is building the submarines.
Israel's Channel 10 television network later disclosed an email it claimed was proof that Shimron had used his close relationship with Netanyahu to lobby for the deal.
A separate probe is also underway in Israel into accusations that Netanyahu and his wife, Sara, misused public funds for private expenses, ranging from laundry to ice cream.
ROCK SPRINGS — Rock Springs is looking at regulating commercial establishments and backyard breeders regarding sale of live pets within city limits.
The Rock Springs City Council will host the first reading of a new ordinance that would prohibit sale of commercially bred dogs, cats, and rabbits in pet stores, retail businesses, and other commercial establishments.
The ordinance is to crack down on puppy mills and kitten factories, which mass produce animals for sale to the public.
Advertisement - Story continues below...
Backyard breeding and subsequent sale of commercially bred dogs, cats, and rabbits contribute to the homeless and unwanted animals at local animal shelters, according to the ordinance.
The letter of the ordinance will make it unlawful for any person to sell any live dog, cat, or rabbit or other domesticated breed of animal in any pet store, retail business, or other commercial establishment located in the City of Rock Springs, unless the animal was obtained from an animal shelter, nonprofit rescue, or humane organization.
The ordinance says that it will not affect the consumer's ability to get a pet from the breeder of his or her choice, whether it be from a breed-specific rescue organization or from a breeder of breed-specific pedigreed pets where the consumer can see the conditions in which the animals are bred.
Rock Springs City Council meets at 7 pm Tuesday, March 20 at Rock Springs City Hall, 212 D St.
Read the full ordinance at the end of the packet available here.
Also, view the full Rock Springs City Council agenda here.
Former Tamaulipas governor arrested in Mexico
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Start a Digital Trial for $1.00 per week.
Try all of the FT's content with a Premium Digital Trial 4 weeks for $1.00 *
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week
You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week
Other Subscription options:
With increasing oral health awareness, people in Bangalore are seeking best in class dental care and are looking for more information to select the right dentists or dental clinics in Bangalore. Similarly, various other participants in the industry have been disconnected for long and seek a platform that could help them work in unison to promote and deliver qualitative oral health care in India.
India Dental World, a 2011 founded company fills this void to a great extent. The Bangalore-based company brings the entire dental ecosystem on a single platform and promotes seamless integration among Patients, Care seekers, Practicing Dentists, Consultants, Manufacturers, Suppliers, Labs, Technicians and Radiographers amongst others.
The web portal maintains an extensive Dentist database of over 30,000 practitioners, equipment suppliers, and ancillary service providers. “Our dental portal allows patients to search the best dental clinics in their city of residence, check pictures of the clinics, and schedule an appointment immediately. For instance, they can search for Dentists in Jayanagar, Bangalore, compare facilities and treatment methodology and book an online appointment immediately,” says Dr. Sunitha Prasad, Founder, India Dental World.
The one-stop online platform also features a comprehensive Patient Education section with the description, Pictures and YouTube videos to help the community understand the nuances of Dental Treatments.
“Though there are hundreds of websites dedicated to online marketing, dental equipments, and healthcare tips, there is none like India Dental World. Their portal brings together the entire gamut of dental health products and services on a single platform and fanatically helps patients seek the right dental care. I personally found it very useful for dentists, online sellers, equipment manufacturers, and other dentistry professionals. I wish Dr. Sunitha all the best for her venture,” says Mr. Udaya Raj Shetty, the founder of Clinix Intelligent Medical Systems which is the second largest manufacturer of dental chairs in India.
To Know More:
Visit: http://www.indiadentalworld.com/
Email at: contact@indiadentalworld.com
Or Call: +9194496 95190 / +9199007 99944
The International Oil Companies (IOCs) operating in Nigeria's oil industry have commrended the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) on the payment of all thejoint Venture (JV) cash calls arrears.
They made the commendation at the on going Nigerian Oil and Gas Conference and Exhibition, in Abuja on Wednesday.
They added that investment confidence and appetite were gradually coming back to the industry following the settlement of joint venture (JV) cash call arrears owed them by the NNPC.
The NNPC in December 2016 got a discount of $1.7 billion from $6.8 billion cash call debt to its JV partners, and was asked to pay $5.1 billion instead.
The IOCs include Mobil Producing Nigeria Unlimited (MPN); Shell Petroleum Development Company (SPDC); Total Upstream Companies in Nigeria (TEPN); and Chevron Nigeria Limited (CNL) among others.
The chief executives of the IOCs who spoke on investment opportunities in the sector said they were glad the issue which obstructed negotiations for investments in Nigeria at their boards, was now off.
“For as long as I have been in this industry, we have been discussing cash call as a never-ending issue, I think that we were able to sit down together as an industry and government to try and tackle that issue and we should not underrate the importance of that.
“What that has done is that it opens up the appetite to have a conversation about investment.
“Nigeria is competing for capital with every other country in the world and sometimes we forget that and think that we are world unto ourselves, but the reality is that each of these companies operate in 20, 30, 80 countries and people are competing for capital,” said Osagie Okunbo, Country Chair of Shell companies in Nigeria and Managing Director of SPDC.
Osunbor further stated: “If the first thing that happens in your discussion is that debts that has been properly incurred are not being paid by your majority partner, it moves that argument before you may even start a conversation.
“What is of significant today is that argument is off the table. For the first time, we finished a year without NNPC owing cash calls.
” I have a current CFO in Shell who was here five years ago and just returned, he says he cannot believe what is happening.
“Essentially what he spent his time here was chasing cash calls from NNPC, today, he doesn't have to do that. That just essentially opens up the appetite.”
He stated that the industry must however insist of making the arrangement work, adding that there is the need to put our hands on the plough to ensure it does not derail.
“We cannot take it for granted that we have a funding structure that works and assume it will continue to work.
“I opened the paper sometimes and read that the governors have instructed NNPC to suspend payment of JV cash calls. We can't do that, it is important that the very basis that underpins the progress we have seen in the industry is sustained.” he said
Osunbor, explained that issues around security, contracting cycle, sanctity of contracts and thresholds of JVs and Production Sharing Contracts (PSCs) still needed to be sorted, as well as the reform laws in the industry.
Also, the Managing Director of CNL, Jeff Ewing, stated that government did well in clearing the JV arrears.
“The execution of those agreements have gone very well, and it has really boosted our confidence in the JV.
“Some of the things that have happened have increased our activities in the JV because we have come confidence.”
Ewing, however explained that the rise in oil prices had brought a. Level of confidence as regards uncertainties in the industry.
He added that Nigeria needed to be competitive globally in the fiscal policies and ease of doing business adding that it was part of the IOCs discussion with government.
“The government is making some good steps on the PIB, changes to the JV oil terms – we are looking forward to that. We have also talked about our concerns in the public hearing on JV gas in deep-water terms, they need to be competitive to draw more money into Nigeria.
“We see a lot of potentials in Nigeria, there is a big oil and gas reserves here; we just need to have the right framework in place to have a globally competitive fiscal prices in place to help us develop,” he added.
Similarly, the Managing Director of MPN, Paul McGrath, explained that: “To unlock the potentials in the country, we need first of, certainty. The recent work that is being done in the petroleum industry bill and the reform in the national assembly, is an excellent piece of work, but it needs to have an end result.”
“We need to have an industry reform bill or set of bills that will attract international investment not push it away. I've been very encouraged with the dialogues we've had with the national assembly and the technical teams till date.
“They have listened, they are listening and tried to engage the industry and I think that is very interesting but at the end of the day, we need to stop talking about industry reform, have industry reform and then move on and unlock the potentials,” he noted.(NAN)
This story is about
Here's everything you need to know to stay up to date with all things Dallas Cowboys.
PHILADELPHIA, PA - NOVEMBER 23: Justin Hunter #15 of the Tennessee Titans runs the ball for a touchdown in the second quarter of the game against the Philadelphia Eagles at Lincoln Financial Field on November 23, 2014 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. (Photo by Rich Schultz/Getty Images)
1. Cowboys could sign two wide receivers before week is done
The club has discussed the possibility of signing both of these players. 👀
2. Ex-NFL scout: Two things to keep in mind about Cowboys' pursuit of Earl Thomas
Thomas is interested in joining the Cowboys. Can Dallas make it happen?
3. Team of stars: Construct your dream team that spans the history of the Dallas Cowboys
You have $18 to make your ultimate team with players like Troy Aikman, Roger Staubach, Emmitt Smith, Michael Irvin and more!
4. Cow[boy] jumps over the moon: Watch a retired DeMarcus Ware show off his insane hops
Still got it!
5. Sources: Ex-Cowboys CB Orlando Scandrick signs two-year deal with rival Redskins
Scandrick is gone from the Cowboys, but he's staying in the NFC East.
Bonus -- NFL draft expert: Cowboys' pursuit of Sammy Watkins 'makes you think about the future of Dez Bryant'
The expert was also asked if he'd be disappointed with the Cowboys taking D.J. Moore if Calvin Ridley is gone. Here's what he said.
Bonus -- You're on the clock! Play GM and select the Cowboys' 2018 NFL draft class.
Draft players in Round 1-3!
By Dave Lifton
Morrissey has issued a statement to unambiguously clarify his remarks about sexual misconduct allegations against Kevin Spacey.
Continue reading…
…read more
Via:: Diffuser
Eastern Lightning Church of the Almight God. Have you heard of Eastern Lightning? If not, hang on because it's quite a story.
Eastern Lightning is also known as the Church of the Almighty God, Church of the True God, Church of the Everlasting Fountain, and Real God and it's a growing *cult in mainland China, Hong Kong, Korea, Laos, Vietnam, Australia, Europe, Canada and the United States.
Even though Eastern Lightning is believed by some to have more than a million members in mainland China, it is small in comparison with China's population of about 1.4 billion people. (Some estimates are less than 100,000 adherents in China)
EL (as it is sometimes referred) is a relatively new cult and uses deception, sex and violence to grow bigger and flex its muscles on the back of a middle-aged Chinese woman that church members believe is the ‘Almighty God' on earth.
The purpose for this post is simply this – be warned.
The Founder
The cult is reported to have begun about 25 years ago by Zhao Weishan **. He proclaims that the Almighty God has come to earth in the form of a Chinese woman and bases that claim on what Jesus said almost 2,000 years ago:
The Female Christ
The woman's name is Yang Xiangbin and is also known as the “female Christ.” According to recent reports, Yang and Zhao fled to the United States about 15 years ago and currently live in New York City's Chinatown and run Eastern Lightning's international organization online (with Chinese headquarters in Zhengzhou). They teach that God is now guiding mankind for a third time through Yang. According to Yang and Zhao, God's first guidance was in the Old Testament as Yaweh and His second guidance was in the New Testament as Jesus Christ.
As with most cults, Eastern Lightning has its own ‘holy book,' known as The Word Appears in the Flesh: The Word Uttered by God Who Came Hiddenly in the End Time. The date of original writing is February 28, 1992. The English translation is dated January 29, 2008. That translation includes: Preface, Attached Pieces 1-3, The Interpretation of the Mystery of God's Word (Attached Pieces of God's Word 6-14), and The Words of the Incarnated Son of Man During His Walk in the Churches.
The book is deceptive in that the truth of what the cult believes is hidden from clear view. Instead of using the name Yang Xiangbin, the book addresses a correct response to God and His “Christ.” The “Christ” of Eastern Lightning is Yang Xiangbin.
The Origin
Here is how Eastern Lightning explains how this came to be in “The Origin and Development of the Church of Almighty God:”
As we read through The Church of Almighty God website, we read quotes from both The Word Appears in the Flesh and the New Testament of the Holy Bible as if they are on equal footing as the inspired Word of God.
** Some believe Eastern Lightning may have had its theological beginnings as far back as Witness Lee. (Interesting article about personal experience with Eastern Lightning by William Bennett)
The Beliefs
Jesus Christ is a created being.
The Trinity is a false doctrine.
Jesus Christ did not complete His work on earth, so God sent a woman (Jesus' sister?) to complete His 6,000-year plan to save humanity.
Because Jesus did not complete His work on earth, salvation through the sacrifice of Jesus on the Cross is not effective in saving a person's soul.
Jesus did not rise from the dead and will not return again.
God has already returned to earth as a Chinese woman (Yang Xiangbin)
The Bible is outdated and not authoritative.
The Christian mission organization China For Jesus details some of the beliefs of Eastern Lightning here.
The Methods
The cult is known for using deception, coercion, entrapment, kidnapping, sex and violence to gain new converts. There are many reports about Eastern Lightning's acts of violence (here, here and here). One of its methods for getting access to many of the true Christian house churches in China is “Spying and Paving the Way” – a method of infiltrating orthodox churches.
China for Jesus explains The Characteristics of the Eastern Lightning Cult at Its Different Stages along with recommended countermeasures. The stages include The Primitive Stage, The Violent Stage, The Sexual Enticement Stage, The Crafty Stage and a Fifth Stage that was unnamed when the report was written.
The Media
Eastern Lightning is savvy in working with media: including books, video, stage plays, musicals, audio, photos, art and websites – including live chat. They also have special media aimed at reaching children. Books include The Word Becomes Flesh, The Lightning Comes from the East, The Holy Spirit Speaks to All the Churches, and God's Work through His Secret Appearing.
Eastern Lightning presents itself as the “persecuted church” in China and has almost 100 video “Persecution Experience Testimonies.” The church's premise is that “judgment begins with God's family” and that the government of China – which Eastern Lightning calls the “Great Red Dragon” predicted in Revelation – is the persecutor of the church.
The Conclusion
Eastern Lightning is a dangerous ‘cult.' It is not part of orthodox Christianity and should not be trusted. Christians should beware of the danger involved – spiritual and physical.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Malaysian authorities say they have detained a woman in the suspicious death of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's half-brother, Kim Jong Nam. Kim, who was in his mid-40s, was the eldest of former dictator Kim Jong Il's children. He died en route to the hospital Monday after some sort of encounter at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport.
The woman detained was carrying Vietnamese travel documents, according to police, and was alone at the time of the arrest. Malaysian media cite government sources saying closed-circuit cameras at the airport caught two women approaching Kim. One of them covered his face with a cloth before walking away. Police say Kim fell ill and asked a counter clerk for help.
Sources tell NPR his body was transported earlier Tuesday from one hospital to a larger one — Hospital Kuala Lumpur. An autopsy will be performed.
After growing up in Western countries, Kim had been living outside North Korea for decades. He was believed to have homes in Macau, Beijing and Paris. In 2001, Kim was detained trying to enter Japan on false travel documents. He later said he was trying to bring his family to Tokyo Disneyland.
The big mystery, if he didn't die of natural causes, is why Kim Jong Nam was attacked, and why now.
"I don't think we will know the full story about the death of Kim Jong Nam for many years," says Michael Madden, a visiting scholar at the Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies, who runs the site North Korean Leadership Watch.
Chan Kok Leong contributed to this post, from Kuala Lumpur.
Power outage—two words that keep or wake you up at night. Rather than tossing and turning or imagining disaster scenarios, prepare for power outages by assessing the risk in your power architecture and protecting critical systems to lessen the impact of short duration events. To ensure you are prepared to take action in the event of an outage, it's best to understand which systems are at most risk. For reference, we've created an example of a risk assessment grid using an average hospital environment.... More
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A woman has died after being hit by a self-driving car.
Taxi company Uber has stopped testing its autonomous vehicles in America and Canada following the crash in Arizona.
Police said the Volvo SUV was in self-driving mode with a human back-up operator behind the wheel on Sunday night in Tempe, Phoenix, when a woman walking a bicycle was hit.
Elaine Herzberg, 49, died in hospital.
The accident could have far-reaching consequences for the development of self-driving vehicles, which have been billed as potentially safer than normal cars.
Uber has now suspended its self-driving vehicle testing in the Phoenix area, Pittsburgh, San Francisco and Toronto.
The testing has been going on for months as carmakers and technology companies compete to be the first with vehicles that operate on their own.
Uber chief executive Dara Khosrowshahi expressed condolences on his Twitter account and said the company is working with local police on the investigation.
The National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) and the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration said they are sending teams to investigate.
The crash could be a setback for autonomous vehicle research and may lead to stricter regulations from states and the federal government, said Bryant Walker Smith, a University of South Carolina professor who studies the technology.
But he said more than 100 people die each day on US roads in crashes of human-driven vehicles.
"That's a real contrast that we should keep in mind about this," he said. "We should be concerned about automated driving. We should be terrified about human driving."
The federal government has voluntary guidelines for companies that want to test autonomous vehicles, leaving much of the regulation up to states.
Many states, including Michigan and Arizona, have taken a largely hands-off approach, hoping to gain jobs from the new technology, while California and other states have taken a harder line.
California is among states that require manufacturers to report any incidents during the autonomous-vehicle testing phase. As of early March, the state's motor vehicle agency had received 59 such reports.
Arizona governor Doug Ducey used light regulations to entice Uber to the state after the company had a shaky rollout of test cars in San Francisco. Arizona has no reporting requirements.
Hundreds of vehicles with automated driving systems have been on Arizona roads.
Mr Ducey's office expressed sympathy for Ms Herzberg's family, and spokesman Patrick Ptak said: "Public safety is our top priority."
The crash in Arizona is not the first involving a self-driving Uber vehicle. In March last year, an Uber SUV flipped onto its side, also in Tempe.
No serious injuries were reported, and the driver of the other car was cited for a violation.
Ms Herzberg's death is the first involving an autonomous test vehicle but not the first in a car with automated control features.
The driver of a Tesla Model S was killed in 2016 when his car, operating on its Autopilot system, crashed into a lorry in Florida.
The NTSB said driver inattention was to blame, not the vehicle's autopilot system. The agency said carmakers should have safeguards that keep drivers engaged.
The Transportation Department is considering further voluntary guidelines it says would help foster innovation. Proposals are also pending in Congress, including one that would stop states from regulating autonomous vehicles, Mr Smith said.
Peter Kurdock, director of regulatory affairs at Advocates for Highway and Auto Safety in Washington, called the Arizona crash tragic.
He said the accident should serve as a "startling reminder" to members of Congress that they need to "think through all the issues to put together the best bill they can to hopefully prevent more of these tragedies from occurring".
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump named the chief of staff of the Department of Veterans Affairs to lead the agency on an acting basis on Wednesday while the president's nominee awaits Senate confirmation.
The White House said Trump had designated Peter O'Rourke to serve as acting VA secretary, effective Tuesday. Trump tapped acting VA Secretary Robert Wilkie to serve as permanent secretary earlier this month.
Wilkie has led the VA since Trump fired David Shulkin in March amid an ethics scandal. Trump then turned to Ronny Jackson, the Navy doctor who had been his personal physician, but Jackson withdrew following questions about his professionalism. Wilkie, a former Pentagon undersecretary, cannot run the agency on an acting basis while he awaits Senate confirmation.
The VA is the federal government's second-largest agency with 360,000 employees serving 9 million veterans. Democrats have said they plan to question Wilkie on whether he plans to "privatize" or degrade the VA health system, an issue that Shulkin says led to his ouster.
Advertisement
O'Rourke, a veteran of the Navy and Air Force, previously served as the head of the VA's new accountability office, which is charged with helping enforce the new law making it easier to fire employees. His appointment by Trump bypassed the No. 2 official at VA, Tom Bowman, who has come under criticism at the White House for being too moderate to push Trump's agenda of fixing veterans' care.
Previously a member of Trump's transition team, O'Rourke is viewed by the White House as a trusted official amid political infighting at the department. He took over as the No. 3 official at VA in February after the former chief of staff stepped down over findings by the VA inspector general that she misled VA ethics officials to help secure a free 11-day trip to Europe for Shulkin's wife.
When O'Rourke took over the chief of staff position, the VA issued a statement that his presence will ensure VA leadership works closely with the White House going forward.
HOLLYWOOD, Fla. - For 60 years, Rocky Burgess lived with clear vision.
"My vision was checked every year," she said.
Then, everything changed.
"Boom -- right eye's gone, and it's not coming back," ophthalmologist Dr. Alan Mendelsohn said. "It's a devastating thing."
Burgess was diagnosed with central retinal vein occlusion, or CRVO, a condition that causes a clot to form in the eye, leading to damaging pressure.
"It was like someone threw a tomato at my eye," Burgess said.
Cardiologist Dr. Adam Splaver said CRVO can be a warning sign of plaque build-up in the arteries and a red flag for other health risks.
"Central retinal vein occlusion is a marker that, yes, the patient could have a higher risk for developing coronary artery disease, have a higher risk for atherosclerosis, have a higher risk for stroke, have a higher risk for vascular and kidney diseases, because all of this is part and parcel of the same process," Splaver said.
There's a 10 percent chance CRVO will affect Burgess's left eye, but Mendelsohn said there's also a 50 percent chance that her right eye will develop a condition called neovascular glaucoma.
"That's where the eye starts getting painful, red and the pressure's way up," he explained.
Burgess is now undergoing special injections in the eye to help relieve the pressure and possibly restore some of her vision.
"I can't have fear. I have to have faith, and that's what I have," she said.
Diabetes, smoking and high blood pressure can all increase the risk of CRVO. Reducing your cardiovascular health risks can ultimately protect your vision.
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
It is hands down the most repeated line by celebrities in this constantly outraged modern era. The hypersensitive times that we have become accustomed to have forced celebrities, sports stars and everyone to utter the words “I am sorry if my actions caused offence”.
This came to mind after watching Liverpool goalkeeper Loris Karius apologising to basically everyone who had spent their hard-earned money only to see him drop balls – and dash hopes and dreams – all within a matter of minutes. Sorry, Karius, if my words caused offence.
But, seriously, what grinds my gears more than players apologising for poor performances is the fake PR constructed apology in front of hordes of journalists and photographers, clicking away as a sports star or general star reads a pre-written speech they had collected at the door a mere five minutes ago. Spoiler alert: the apology more than likely isn't sincere.
The apology is only aimed at sponsors who have decided that type of behaviour doesn't reflect well on the brand. Tiger Woods cheating on his ex-wife wasn't right for Nike, but accusations of sweatshops and sponsoring centres accused of doping in athletics is okay for the brand.
Nobody can apologise as well as American sports stars. Take Alex Rodriguez. A man who I felt the need to apologise to when, on a trip to New York to see the Yankees play, I accidentally called arguably baseball's most celebrated player Curtis Granderson. Hey, I don't know baseball.
But his apology was made when he was accused of taking performance-enhancing drugs. While he rightly acknowledged nobody believed him, one of the best parts of the apology was it arrived to fans via social media in a cursive, hand-written, gold note. The annoying bit was it spread across two pages. Sorry, A-Rod for calling you Curtis, but I'm also sorry you put time and effort into that apology to only acknowledge two facts: nobody cared, and nobody believed you.
Or how about Mike Tyson, possibly suffering concussion, being made stand up and apologise for being a borderline cannibal.
After munching Evander Holyfield's ear, an act I admittedly thought was made up by my brothers until I was about 10 and watched a clip on YouTube, Tyson knew we were in shock, borderline horrified. But in a statement disguised in mumbles and rambling, he said what we all probably thought.
“I'm only saddened that the fight didn't go on further . . . that the boxing fans of the world might have seen for themselves who would come out on top,”. Ear nibbling aside, we all thought it.
Serious mistakes
Tyson aside, what are they apologising for?
I get the fact that some committed serious mistakes, but what pleasure do we get in watching another person falsely apologise just to win back corrupt sponsors and whatever fans are remaining.
Some may say it's not the words, it's how they say it. Some may say they have a young fan base who may be influenced to commit said mistakes. But, be serious, when has a young person cheated on their partner and said “sorry, blame Tiger Woods, he influenced me”.
My brothers may have threatened to go Mike Tyson, or even I may have threatened to go full on Luis Suarez, but I can't imagine facing my mother and saying I was influenced by Suarez or Mike Tyson to bite my brothers' mid wrestling match.
Apologies are well and good, but when it comes down to it, it's all about hitting the three Rs in PR. Repent and say you are sorry, take some level of responsibility and do something to put it right. However, we can all see past it.
Enough with the the faux-apology, the non-apology and if-apology. I know an athlete has no clue why they are standing on a podium apologising. I know when the statement was written the person in question barely glanced at it. And I know if they were sorry, they wouldn't care what the public thinks, they would be trying to make amends privately to those closer to them that they have hurt.
Don't be sorry you got caught. Don't be sorry your bank account is slowly draining due to sponsors fleeing the scene of the crime and don't be sorry if some child repeats your mistake because their parents have decided their kid should be taught and parented by a celebrity. You know, maybe just don't bother participating in the media circus.
Understand why you need to apologise, get educated about your mistake and fix it for the future. But, don't waste others' time and efforts just to win back sponsors and donors to the cause. Apologise for the action, not the reaction. Someday, someone will say it explicitly: “I did it. I was wrong. I'm sorry.”
If, finally, someone's willing to be sincere.
Last December, Kansas State college student Clair Daniels professed her love for the always refreshing and local favorite Dr Pepper.
I really just need to have a Dr Pepper fountain installed in my house. That would probably be cheaper than how much I spend on it currently😂 — Claire Daniels (@MsClaireDaniels) December 17, 2016
Five months later, the Waco-founded company proved we take care of our own 'round these parts. Dr Pepper sent a bona fide soda fountain to Clair's doorstep. The six-foot tall fountain is capable of holding up to five gallons of the drink.
@drpepper just rewarded a @KState student with a "Dr. Pepper Fountain" after she tweeted the desire to have one installed pic.twitter.com/F60YVLWvSr — James Ryan (@JamesKSNT) April 13, 2017
She told the Wichita Eagle, :I am still kind of in awe…It was just kind of a joke tweet, but here we are. I think it's awesome. I'm really excited. It's kind of crazy to think one tweet could make this happen.”
Because it wouldn't be the smartest idea to drink from an outdoor fountain like that, Dr Pepper also sent Clair 1,200 cans of the soda for her drinking pleasure. Lyndsay Loomer, associate brand manager of Dr. Pepper marketing, said the company is also searching through social media looking for similar tweets as Clair's, and always looks for ways to take care of their fans. “We are always monitoring social media to see what our fans are saying about us and how they are expressing their love for Dr. Pepper. She had a really creative tweet about just needing a Dr. Pepper fountain installed at her house. She thought that would make her life easier based on the amount she was drinking. We put our own creative spin on it by building an actual fountain, not the one she might expect, and throwing her a party.”
Via UPI
Follow JT on Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter
Accel-KKR bets on UK energy market with £100m Utiligroup deal
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
SACRAMENTO, Calif. (AP) — The Latest on calls for California's public pension fund to stop investing in assault-weapon retailers (all times local):
12:25 p.m.
Critics of a push for the nation's largest public pension fund to divest from retailers of assault weapons are calling it an ineffective strategy and a political ploy.
California Treasurer John Chiang, a Democrat who is running for governor, has asked the California Public Employees' Retirement System board to stop investing in companies that sell assault weapons and devices like bump stocks. The board is taking public testimony Monday.
Advertisement
Jason Perez of the Corona Peace Officers Association says the board has a duty to maximize investments for its retiree members. The fund only has about 70 percent of the money needed to cover payments owed to its 1.8 million members.
Joel Morgan, a teacher, says that while he supports efforts to stop gun violence, divestment isn't the way to achieve it. He says "there's no purpose for this hearing other than politics."
__
12 p.m.
The father of a 27-year-old woman who died in a terrorist attack in San Bernardino, California, is calling on the nation's largest public pension fund to stop investing in companies that sell assault weapons.
Robert Velasco says action by California's public pension board can "send a powerful message" to lawmakers who have failed to act after mass shootings nationwide.
Velasco is one of several relatives of San Bernardino shooting victims who are testifying before the California Public Employees' Retirement System board. The pension fund says four of the five companies it invests in that sell guns have decided to stop selling assault weapons.
Renee Wetzel, whose husband died in the 2015 attack, is imploring the board to "use his memory to make a change."
Also testifying are California alumni of the Florida high school where 17 people were killed last month.
___
8 a.m.
California State Treasurer John Chiang is calling on the nation's largest public pension fund to stop investing in companies that sell assault-style weapons and devices that allow guns to fire more rapidly.
Chiang will speak Monday at a board meeting of the California Public Employees' Retirement System alongside family members of victims of the 2015 terror attack in San Bernardino, California, that killed 14 people.
The wife of a high school teacher who died in Parkland, Florida, sent a letter supporting Chiang's effort. Chiang, a Democrat, is running for governor.
CalPERS has a combined roughly $850 in a million holdings in five companies that sell such guns or devices: Dick's Sporting Goods, Walmart, Kroger, Big 5 Sporting Goods and Sportsman's Warehouse Holdings. The fund's total value is $354 billion.
This story is about Published 1h
Pick your opponent: Breaking down the three possible divisional round matchups for the Cowboys Share This Story On... Twitter
Facebook
Email
Staff Photographer Dallas Cowboys quarterback Dak Prescott (4) takes the field for the first half of an NFL football game against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers at AT&T Stadium on Sunday, Dec. 18, 2016, in Arlington. (Smiley N. Pool/The Dallas Morning News)
By Kate Hairopoulos , Staff Writer Contact Kate Hairopoulos on Twitter: @khairopoulos
PHILADELPHIA - As the Cowboys begin their well-earned bye week, they know their playoff opponent will be one of three teams, all of which they've already faced this season. While Dallas powered its way to home-field advantage and the No. 1 seed in the NFC because of its 13-3 season, its opening game of the playoffs on Jan. 14 or 15 at AT&T Stadium figures to be a doozy. It could be against the New York Giants, who just so happen to be the NFC East rival that has defeated the Cowboys twice this season. They could've been the only team to crack Dallas' code at all this season, but the Cowboys fell 27-13 Sunday at Philadelphia while saving most of their stars for the postseason. Maybe a date is fated with the Green Bay Packers, who have been one of the hottest teams in the NFL since Dallas defeated them in October at Lambeau Field. They're also the ones who knocked the Cowboys out of their most recent playoff run in 2014.
Cowboys playoffs: What to be excited about (Romo, Gregory) and one big flaw that could really hurt Dallas
The Detroit Lions are the last option and perhaps the least intimidating, considering the Cowboys dumped them, 42-21, just a week ago. "I'm a fan of the game always, so I'm going to watch," Dallas cornerback Brandon Carr said of the opening week of the playoffs. "But I also want to see what's going on, keep up with the injuries, who looks hot and all those things. We're going to tune in and see who we're going to play. So it should be exciting." New York, the NFC's fifth seed, will travel to Green Bay, which won the NFC North over Detroit on Sunday night. Detroit is headed to face No. 3 seed Seattle. Dallas will face the worst-seeded team that advances from the wild-card round. Let's start with New York. The Giants are 11-5 after knocking Washington out of the playoffs Sunday with a 19-10 win. They defeated Dallas, 20-19, in the season opener Sept. 11 in Arlington. That was the first regular-season NFL game for Dallas rookie quarterback Dak Prescott and running back Ezekiel Elliott. But the story didn't change 91 days later when the Cowboys traveled to East Rutherford, N.J., for the rematch. The Giants' defense, including impact players such as cornerback Janoris Jenkins and defensive end Olivier Vernon, still stuffed Dallas, this time 10-7. Cowboys receiver Dez Bryant struggled against the Giants this season, finishing with two catches on 14 targets. Prescott threw two interceptions against them in the latest meeting, going just 17 of 37 for 165 yards and a touchdown. It was New York that ended Dallas' season in the divisional round in 2007, the only playoff meeting between the NFC East rivals.
Why the Cowboys played it safe against Eagles and what it means for playoffs
Oh, y'all remember that one. Dallas had twice defeated the Giants in regular-season meetings that year on the way to a 13-3 record (matching the franchise record for wins) and the NFC's top seed. Quarterback Tony Romo took an infamous trip to Cabo during the bye week -- and the impact it had on the ensuing week will always be debated. But the ensuing exit certainly stung after such a promising regular season. Green Bay and quarterback Aaron Rodgers aren't the same as when the Cowboys blasted them over two months ago, 30-16, part of opening the season 4-6. They had won five straight heading into Sunday night's showdown with Detroit. Rodgers forecast the winning streak and played a direct role in it, throwing 11 touchdowns and no interceptions heading into Sunday night. He also had a hand in ending Dallas' last playoff run. The infamous ruling reversal that Bryant didn't catch it is the most memorable part of that 26-21 loss to end the 2014 season. But Rodgers also beat the Cowboys while hobbled with a left calf injury. Dallas can hope to recreate the first meeting this season, in which Elliott rushed for 157 yards, Dallas forced four turnovers and Prescott proved he could handle adversity on the road. Dallas and Green Bay have met in postseason play seven times, including two NFL championship games. As for Detroit, the Cowboys would likely feel good about that rematch. They won the first game despite the result not having an impact on Dallas' postseason positioning. Still, they did trail 21-14 in the first half before the defense rallied to shut down the Lions and Highland Park-grown Matthew Stafford in the second half.
Dallas is 2-1 versus the Lions in the playoffs, including a 24-20 win in the wild-card round of the 2014 season. Not all of the Cowboys said they would be paying much attention to the potential matchup this week. Receiver Cole Beasley wanted to take a mental break. Receiver Terrance Williams said the playoffs still felt a ways away. But it's coming. And while Dallas is a favorite to win the Super Bowl, it's also a franchise that hasn't made it out of the divisional round of the playoffs in its eight postseason appearances since winning the Super Bowl in the 1995 season.
"Looking forward," Prescott said Sunday. "Just completely eyes on the playoffs, next opponent, whenever we figure that out. And what we can do throughout this week and next week to get better, to make sure we are in a good position and ready for the football game." Twitter: @khairopoulos
-- Listen live to Sportsradio The Ticket 1310am/96.7fm and rewind and pause up to 1 hour -- Free access to breaking news, analysis, podcasts and more Tap here to download for iOS. New Android version soon! Get current version
By Frank Chung
A Sydney woman who won A$151,000 (NZ$162,000) in compensation from Woolworths after slipping on a grape has lost her case on appeal.
Colleen McQuillan successfully sued the supermarket last year over injuries she sustained from slipping on a grape - "colour unknown" - in the fruit and vegetable section at the Leichhardt store in November 2012, shortly after opening at 10am.
In the original decision, the District Court found the presence of the grape on the floor near the banana stand was likely the result of activities of staff before the store opened, after the grapes were brought from the cool room to be placed on the display table.
Advertisement
The District Court rejected the possibility that the grape was missed by the overnight cleaners, that the grape was dropped by a customer after the store opened at 10am, or that the grape was lodged in a black safety mat on the floor next to the display table and was dislodged when the mat was moved by two Woolworths employees.
"His Honour found that if someone had been on duty in the produce section they would have identified the risk, based on the training given and the warning signs to be on the lookout for grapes on the floor," the appeal judges wrote. "His Honour concluded that the grape constituted a slip hazard and was the cause of Ms McQuillan's fall."
Woolworths appealed the decision on the basis of two factual errors in the judge's findings - namely that the grape was on the floor before the store opened, and that no one was on duty in the produce section between 10am and McQuillan's fall at 10.06am.
The supermarket denied it had breached its duty of care or that staff had failed to keep a proper lookout.
"Woolworths argues that his Honour failed to address the question of what 'a proper lookout' required in the circumstances, or whether such 'a proper lookout' would have resulted in a single grape being observed," the appeal judges wrote.
"Woolworths contends that a finding that there is a single grape on the floor in the produce section of a supermarket is insufficient to establish want of reasonable care and thus breach of duty."
The Court of Appeal found there was no evidence that staff "actually did something with the grapes on the specials display table between 9.30am and 10am", describing the scenario as "really no more than speculation".
It also found that visual inspection by floor staff could have been impeded by a number of matters, including physical objects such as trolleys and crates.
"In my view, there was no occasion for either of the Woolworths staff, exercising reasonable care, to scan the floor specifically near where Ms McQuillan later fell as they passed near that area," the appeal judges wrote. "That they did not observe the grape on the floor was not a casual act of negligence."
A Woolworths spokesman said: "Woolworths works hard to ensure we have robust in-store health and safety procedures in place for the safety of our customers and team members and we note the decision."
McQuillan has also been ordered to pay Woolworths' legal costs. Her legal team has been contacted for comment.
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Automotive Drive Shafts Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report GKN PLC, American Axle Manufacturing Inc., Dana Incorporated, Nexteer Automotive, Xuchang Guangdong Driveshaft Co., Ltd., Neapco Holdings, LLC, The Timken Company, Wangxiang Qianchao Co., Ltd., Yamada, Meritor.
The report begins with introducing the global Automotive Drive Shafts market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Automotive Drive Shafts report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-automotive-drive-shafts-market/5908/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Automotive Drive Shafts Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: Hotchkiss Drive Shaft, Flexible Drive Shaft, Torque Tube Drive Shaft, Others.
Automotive Drive Shafts Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: Passenger Cars, Light Commercial Vehicles, Heavy Commercial Vehicles, Others.
Key points in the Automotive Drive Shafts Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-automotive-drive-shafts-market/5908/#inquiry
From all of this Automotive Drive Shafts market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Automotive Drive Shafts market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Automotive Drive Shafts distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Homebuyers can now approach the National Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission (NCDRC) for dispute resolution
The Consumer Protection Act, allows home buyers to approach the National Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission (NCDRC) only if the project cost exceeds INR 10 million. In a historic decision by the Supreme Court, home buyers can now file a complaint together by forming an association to fulfil the condition of minimum project cost of INR 10 million. In addition, according to the prior mandate an association can only file a consumer complaint, if it is recognised under the Bureau of Indian Standards (Recognition of Consumers' Associations) Rules, 1991. The above said stipulation is also cast aside by the NCDRC and the Supreme Court.
Colliers Research view
The said judgment by the Supreme court is a welcome addendum for the home buyers until the RERA Appellate Authority is set in motion in all the states. Now, the buyers need not go through the state commission and can directly approach NCDRC with their grievances, which is likely to expedite the resolution of such complaints. According to Section 23 of Consumer Protection Act, 1986, any person aggrieved by an order of NCDRC, can appeal against such order to the Supreme Court of India within a period of 30 days.
Novak Djokovic may not be firing on all cylinders but the former world number one is safely through to the third round of the French Open.
The Serbian, seeded only 20th due to his recent injury absence, will now face Spanish 13th seed Roberto Bautista Agut after a straight-sets win over Jaume Munar.
Munar may be ranked a lowly 155th in the world but he made Djokovic work for every point in some lengthy and at times spectacular rallies.
The Spaniard, broken early on, broke back in the opening set only for Djokovic to race through the tie-break 7-1.
Munar occasionally had Djokovic scrambling throughout the next two sets with his fearsome shot-making, but the 2016 champion was able to post a 7-6 (7-1) 6-4 6-4 victory.
In a match held over from Tuesday Tomas Berdych, the 17th seed, was a first-round casualty after he was beaten by France's Jeremy Chardy in five sets.
Czech Berdych, a former Wimbledon finalist, came from two sets down to haul himself level only to bow out 7-6 (7-5) 7-6 (10-8) 1-6 5-7 6-2.
Meanwhile, Marco Trungelliti's epic journey came to an end in the second round.
The Argentinian became the unlikely darling of Roland Garros after driving for 10 hours from Barcelona to Paris, with his brother, mother and gran, on Sunday in order to register in time as a lucky loser.
Trungelliti, the world number 190, then stunned the tennis world by beating former top-20 player Bernard Tomic to net himself €79,000 in prize money.
However, the 28-year-old hit the skids in round two as he was beaten 6-1 7-6 (7-1) 6-1 by Italian Marco Cecchinato.
RESULTS
Men's singles first round
Jeremy Chardy (Fra) bt (17) Tomas Berdych (Cze) 7-6 (7-5) 7-6 (10-8) 1-6 5-7 6-2
Pierre-Hugues Herbert (Fra) bt Peter Polansky (Can) 6-3 4-6 6-2 6-2
Julien Benneteau (Fra) bt Leonardo Mayer (Arg) 2-6 7-6 (7-4) 6-2 6-3
Second round
(10) Pablo Carreno-Busta (Spa) bt Federico Del Bonis (Arg) 6-6 (7-0) 7-6 (7-2) 3-6 6-4
(13) Roberto Bautista Agut (Spa) bt Santiago Giraldo (Col) 6-4 7-5 6-3
(20) Novak Djokovic (Ser) bt Jaume Munar (Esp) 7-6 (7-1) 6-4 6-4
(26) Damir Dzumhur (Bih) bt Radu Albot (Mol) 6-3 6-3 5-7 1-6 7-5
(30) Fernando Verdasco (Esp) bt Guido Andreozzi (Arg) 6-3 6-2 6-2
Marco Cecchinato (Ita) bt Marco Trungelliti (Arg) 6-1 7-6 (7-1) 6-1
President Emmerson Mnangagwa's ally and Zanu PF's Goromonzi West parliamentary candidate, Energy Mutodi who spent the better part of last year commuting to Harare Magistrates' Court facing various allegations from fraud, criminal nuisance and treason, is now back at the court prosecuting suspects as a law intern.
Mutodi, who is on his second year, bachelor of laws degree at the University of Zimbabwe, has been attached to the magistrate's court to familiarise himself with the roles of clerk of court, prosecuting services and the court.
Speaking to NewsDay, Mutodi said he was enjoying his new role, though it was just for a short period.
“I started my attachment on June 16 and I will wind up on August 17 this year. Though the period is short, I am enjoying, this is a compulsory attachment upon completion of the second year,” Mutodi said.
“As part of the module, we must do an attachment at the magistrate's court where we will familiarise with the roles of clerk of court and we also have time to prosecute criminals.”
Mutodi, who last year appeared in court on several occasions facing various allegations, said his attachment will not compromise justice in some of the cases which were removed from remand.
When a person is removed from remand, the State can still pursue him or her using summons if the investigations are complete.
“Now I do not have any outstanding cases as they were malicious allegations by the old regime,” Mutodi said.
Last week, Mutodi's rival MDC Alliance, Luke Tamborinyoka appeared at the same court charged with contravening provisions of the Electoral Act after he allegedly tore political campaign posters of his rival.
When asked if he would influence or prosecute Tamborinyoka, Mutodi said in the interest of justice, he would recuse self.
The State last year withdrew charges against Mutodi who was accused of communicating false statements after implicating some politicians in the poisoning of then Vice-President Emmerson Mnangagwa. Newsday
Sam Bennett had a strong start to the Volta a Catalunya on Monday, netting second on the opening stage in Calella. Bennett was aiming for victory but wasn't able to match the Colombian sprinter Alvaro Hodeg (QuickStep Floors), who last week also won the Handzame Classic.
“What can I say, the team worked really good,” said Bennett. “I want to thank my teammates for the support the whole day. Due to illness I left Paris-Nice and now I am missing some race kilometres.
“I felt good today but I hadn't the legs to go for the victory. I am satisfied with my second place.”
Fellow Irishmen Dan Martin (UAE Team Emirates), Nicolas Roche (BMC Racing Team) and Philip Deignan (Team Sky) also finished in the main bunch. Martin was the best place of the trio in 19th. He won the race in 2013, was third overall in 2016 and took sixth last year.
The race continues on Tuesday with a lumpy 175.6 kilometre stage from Mataró to Valls. Wednesday's stage to Valter 2000 is the first of the mountain-top finishes and will be crucial to Martin's general classification chances. Roche and Deignan will be required to ride for teammates in the event. Bennett's only other chance for a stage win will come on Tuesday, although a second category climb near the finish could make things too difficult for the sprinters.
Volta a Catalunya
Stage 1, Calella - Calella: 1. Alvaro Hodeg (Quick-Step Floors) 152.3 kilometres in 3 hours 39 mins 31 secs;
2. S. Bennett (Bora-Hansgrohe); 3. J. McCarthy (Bora-Hansgrohe); 4. M. Mørkøv (Quick-Step Floors); 5. R. Ferrari (UAE Team Emirates); 6. N. Bonifazio (Bahrain-Merida) all same time.
Other Irish: 19. D. Martin (UAE Team Emirates); 111. N. Roche (BMC Racing Team); 151. P. Deignan (Team Sky) all same time.
General Classification after stage 1: 1. Alvaro Hodeg (Quick-Step Floors) 3 hours 39 mins 21 secs; 2. S. Bennett (Bora-Hansgrohe) at 4 secs; 3. A. Grivko (Astana Pro Team) at 5 secs; 4. J. McCarthy (Bora-Hansgrohe) at 6 secs; 5. M. Mørkøv (Quick-Step Floors) at 10 secs; 6. R. Ferrari (UAE Team Emirates) same time.
Other Irish: 20. D. Martin (UAE Team Emirates); 111. N. Roche (BMC Racing Team); 151. P. Deignan (Team Sky) all same time.
Microsoft today announced the release of the open-source .NET Core 2.0, with improved performance, 20,000 more APIs from the .NET Framework world, better cloud debugging and live unit testing.
.NET Core is one of the platforms Microsoft developers can use to create cross-platform applications; Core is best-suited for microservices and container architectures, according to Scott Hunter, Microsoft's .NET director of program management.
Hunter explained that .NET Core, Xamarin, UWP and the .NET Framework platforms all have different subsets of APIs, which has made sharing code between applications on those platforms difficult. “If you're a .NET Framework customer and you're using file APIs and then you move to Universal Windows applications, those APIs didn't exist. We need to make all our dot-nets come together under a common umbrella.”
So today, Microsoft announced the official release of .NET Standard 2.0, which Hunter described as “a spec like HTML5” that is a set of all the APIs that can run on all the different platforms. It contains all the intrinsics, Hunter said, adding that .NET Framework, .NET Core, UWP and Xamarin all must implement .NET Standard 2.0. “This makes it easy to share code between a .NET Core app and a Xamarin app,” Hunter said. “The ability to do code reuse became much easier.”
Among the platforms .NET Standard 2.0 and its 40,000 APIs support are .NET Framework 4.6.1, .NET Core 2.0, and Xamarin for iOS, Mac and Android. Support for UWP is in the works and is expected to ship later this year, Microsoft's Immo Landwerth, program manager on the .NET team, wrote in a blog post Wednesday announcing that .NET Standard 2.0 was final.
.NET Core 2.0 is required to build NuGet packages; Visual Studio 2017 15.3 is required to author .NET Standard 2.0 libraries. Also, the latest version of Visual Studio for Mac, 7.1, supports building .NET Standard libraries, Landwerth wrote.
In web benchmarks, .NET Core 2.0 is 20 percent faster than the previous version, Hunter said, crediting the open-source community for contributing many of the performance fixes.
In .the NET Core 2.0 wave, cloud debugging has been improved, according to Hunter. Today, developers use a logging framework to log errors. “The problem with that logging frameworks is that if it's not aware of Azure, when you post your app up to Azure, Azure's portal won't be able to show you the logs.
“We changed .NET Core 2 where it can be aware of where it's running at, let's say the cloud, and the cloud can be aware of it,” he continued. “When you publish your .NET Core 2 application up to Azure, things like diagnostic logs, they just go to the right places automatically. All the diagnostic stuff just works without writing code as you Azure-fy your application.”
When your application is published to Azure, he said, a bar in the portal enables enhanced diagnostics. “We inject a profiler and better crash analytics into the app,” he explained. The profiler watches the app. If it crashes on the same method 100 times, for example, the app is frozen and a ‘cloud snapshot' is taken that can be downloaded from the portal to Visual Studio running in a local machine, so you can debug the application without breaking it from running in the cloud, he said.
In March, the capability to do live unit testing was added to Visual Studio for .NET Framework customers. Today, the feature is supported in .NET Core 2.0. This capability tells developers which code has unit tests written for it, and which code doesn't. Live unit testing can tell if the code is covered, and what's passing and failing live in the IDE while typing code. Further, it can identify how changes to source code impact tests. “Let's say I've got 8,000 tests. You don't want to run all 8,000 tests when you change one line of source code. It actually identifies only the tests that are impacted by the code you change. And we can do that live. Maybe the one line of code you change affects only three tests. We rerun those test only.”
Finally, first-class support has been added in .NET Core 2.0 for Angular JS and React, Hunter said. “.NET Core has reinvigorated the developer community,” he said. “We've seen a revival of .NET since the open-sourcing of Core.”
The Martin plastic surgery clinic in the heart of Toronto has proved over the years to be the best in surgery services. The clinic has evolved in all ramifications, employing the best technology to render services, particularly breast augmentation. Focus is placed on face, body and breast at this clinic in Toronto and the various degrees of surgeries which the face, body and breasts can comfortably accommodate.
Conducting surgeries on the face, body and breast has never been made easier than it is in Martin's Toronto surgery clinic which actively renders services in the like of breast lift, breast augmentation, tummy tuck, facelift, arm lift, breast reduction, liposuction, brow lift, buttock lift, ear reshaping, eyelid surgery, inner thigh lift, outer thigh lift, neck lift and rhinoplasty. With the array of services rendered at the Martin Toronto plastic surgery clinic, it is no doubt that professionalism is key to be successful at it. It is well known amongst regular callers at the clinic that it is a top professional service provider with the best hands and technology to work successfully particularly with breast augmentation.
The success stories and positive reviews on this Toronto surgery clinic are amazing as many have visited. In the words of one of the many patients at the clinic, “Martin plastic surgery is by far the best plastic surgery clinic. After seeing him for my first appointment and having to go into surgery, he and his staff made me feel very comfortable about my decision. He was also the surgeon who repaired my father's hand after his accident. He is a very competent, sensitive and caring physician. I will recommend him to all. Thank you”. Many others have given testimonials on their experience with the clinic.
This clinic serves a host of clients across the section of the services traversing face, body and breast. The clinic is in the best of environment with hygienic conditions capable of creating a friendly and caring surgeon platform. The surgery clinic has capable hands to handle all cases to perfection and satisfaction of each patient. Operating on Monday to Friday with identified opening hours, appointments can be booked for any of the days within the specified hours on the website at http://www.martinplasticsurgerytoronto.com/
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Residents in Great Barr have been told to be on red-alert following a spate of car thefts.
In the early hours of Wednesday morning (May 30), two Audis were stolen almost at the same time after car key raids in Beacon Road and Horseshoe Crescent in Pheasey.
In an alert sent to residents via WM Now, police officer Kevin Pitt said: “A burglary has been reported in Beacon Road, Great Barr, which occurred between 2am and 2.30am this morning (Wednesday, May 30).
“The offenders have managed to access the rear of the house and then snapped a lock to enter, from where they have stolen the keys to the victim's Audi car, cash and a handbag.
“They have subsequently made off in the vehicle.
(Image: Google)
“If you have any information that may assist the investigation please contact the police on 101, quoting reference 20WS/119747P/18.
“Alternatively phone Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.”
Also, in response to a local resident in Pheasey, a car key burglary was committed in Horseshoe Crescent in the Nether Hall Park estate between Queslett Road and Park Farm Road.
An update said: “The offenders gained entry by snapping the lock in a rear door and having located the keys have made off in the occupier's Audi car.
“The vehicle was fitted with a tracking device and subsequently located by the police.
“If you have any information which may assist this investigation please contact the police by dialing 101 and quoting crime reference number 20WS/119461M/18.”
Meanwhile, PCSO Tracy Ash, of Aldridge police team, added: “There have been several thefts from motor vehicles in the Pheasey area over recent days. Please do not leave any valuables on display in your vehicle. Also double check you have locked your vehicle.”
(Image: Google)
On May 18, meanwhile, an attempted car theft occurred on Romney Way, with residents managing to get out in time to foil offenders who targeted a blue Ford ST.
In guidance to residents, officer Pitt added: “Take a little time to review your home security, particularly locks in UPVC doors which are vulnerable to 'lock snapping' attacks. More secure anti-snap locks can be fitted at reasonable cost.
“Also think about protecting your vehicle with extra security, such as a steering wheel lock.
“There have been several thefts from motor vehicles in the Pheasey area over recent days. Please do not leave any valuables on display in your vehicle. Also double check you have locked your vehicle.”
Remember, you can follow our Great Barr Live Facebook page
Moscow – The 2018 men's world footballer of the year will be picked from a list of 10 players instead of from a list of 23 as in the past, global ruling body FIFA said on Wednesday.
The players in question will be selected by a 13-strong panel that includes legends such as Brazil's Ronaldo and Germany's Lothar Matthaeus.
National team captains and coaches, media and fans then elect the best player in a poll between July 23 and August 10. The winner will be crowned at The Best FIFA Football Awards on September 24 in London.
Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi have won the prestigious award – now called The Best FIFA Men's Player and formerly known as FIFA World Player and Ballon d'Or – five times each over the past 10 years.
Awards will also be given out for best women's player, the best men's and women's coach, the best goalkeeper and best goal, and there is also a fair-play prize.
NAN reports that in 2014, Argentina had three nominees in Angel Di Maria, Javier Mascherano and Lionel Messi, while their opponents in Sunday's final, Germany, have four.
Mats Hummels, Toni Kroos, Phillip Lahm and Thomas Muller are the players nominated from Joachim Low's side.
Colombia's James Rodriguez, Brazil's Neymar and Arjen Robben of the Netherlands complete the 10-man shortlist.
Fifa has also announced the nominees for the Golden Glove competition, awarded to the best goalkeeper at the World Cup.
Costa Rica's Keylor Navas, Germany's Manuel Neuer and Argentina's Sergio Romero will compete for the prize.
Meanwhile, Netherlands' Memphis Depay and Paul Pogba and Raphael Varane of France were nominated for the best young player at the tournament. (dpa/NAN)
Mumbai, December 2017: Like every year Sahara star brings in the festival of Christmas with great zest & joy. This year the Christmas celebrations started with an age old practice of the Fruit mixing ceremony.
Christmas is here! It is time to spread smiles, exchange gifts, spread love and joy among your near and dear ones. Hotel Sahara Star with its exceptional hospitality invites you and your family to unbox a one of its kind experience with delectable food, surprise gift and live entertainment. It is time to raise a toast marking the Christmas celebrations and upcoming new year. The celebrations begin at Earth Plate – The Global cuisine restaurant, which is all decked up in the Christmas theme to treat you for a luxurious gastronomical extravaganza.
At Sahara Star Christmas celebrations has begun from the 9th of December with special Pre-Christmas Buffet. Chef Rupesh and Restaurant Manager Harish Dosad has designed an ensemble selection of seasonal treats that is sure to make this time of the year merrier include Braised red cabbage, buttered water chestnut, new potato and Brussel's sprout, which are traditionally consumed during the festival. Guests can enjoy the eve dinner with exquisite House Port Wine.
To make your visit more memorable we are hosting Christmas Tree Lighting ceremony on 11th December. We also have a special Christmas shop set up during this season starting from the 9th of December. One can buy their choice of Christmas treats that will surely lighten up this season for you.
Pre-Christmas Dinner buffet:
The Pre-Christmas buffet starts on 9th Dec and will be on till the 23rd of Dec. One can choose from a selection of Christmas preparations and traditional delicacies at just Rs. 1,800/-
Christmas EVE brunch and Dinner:
On the Christmas Eve the Earth Plate offers a traditional Christmas Eve brunch & dinner followed by an extended midnight buffet with a complementary drink. Celebration starts on the 24th December. You can indulge in to some delicious gourmet at Rs. 2,490/- AI only.
Special Christmas Lunch:
On Christmas day we are all set to serve you a hearty meal that will cheer you up. Enjoy this cozy Christmas lunch surrounded with a scenic beauty of the tropical lagoon. Let your kids rejoice in the world of Santa, while you sip on to your favorite drink at just Rs. 1,990/- AI
Terms and Conditions:
Discounts will be applicable only on Food & Soft Beverage. No complimentary vouchers to be accepted. No discount will be applicable for FHRAI & H&RA card members.
Reservation & Information on:
022 39807444
Email:info@sahara.star.com
Venue: Hotel Sahara Star
Opp. Domestic Airport,
Vile Parle (East)
Mumbai 400099
For further information please contact:
Maanali Patil : 9970651882
Sahara Star PR
About Hotel Sahara Star –
Sahara Star, the flagship hotel of Sahara India Pariwar, is one of India's most desirable destinations. The 5-star deluxe hotel strategically located near Mumbai's domestic airport magnificently blends Indian mysticism and culture, while personifying the country's progressive spirit blending peerless hospitality with ultra-modern technology. Hotel Sahara Star enthralls the world with its magnificence, an architectural phenomenon, a majestic landmark, a destination to be experienced in its entire splendor. The Hotel is a distinct yet contemporary destination which caters to the guest's requirements with state of the art amenities, services & promotions.
Creating a paradigm shift, Sahara Star showcases world largest-pillar-less- clear- to- sky dome, an architectural landmark blending hospitality and entertainment to cater one of the most individualized hospitality experiences. The grand new lobby of the hotel that firmly differentiates between construction and creation is a visual delight, an engineering marvel, a clinical fusion of design and space. Complemented by India's finest 4,000 sq ft Marine Aquarium, abode to world's only Private Dining Room inside a marine aquarium exquisite marine lives, the Hotel weaves a dining facility amidst these aquatic wonders.
The world's first ‘hemisphere' three compound-curved custom designed all glass panoramic elevators rising in the exotic 55,000 sq. ft tropical lagoon can be found nowhere else.
In an ambience steeped in rich culture and superlative luxury, Sahara Sapphire, Mumbai's largest pillar-less multi-purpose event hall, gives an opportunity for every host to announce their event to the world. Hotel Sahara Star boasts of its largest hall in the city with a floor plate of 55,000 sq.ft, an impressive ceiling height of 25ft. Besides, reigned by contemporary design, Jade Ballroom embraces a sombre play of elegance. With a capacity to host 1000 guests in its abundant space of 10,000 sq.ft. Jade's pillar-less multi-function area with a ceiling height of 18 feet is a captivating sight for every guest. With a complete makeover of its exclusive rooms – Earth, Mercury, Uranus and Neptune, Hotel Sahara Star is well appointed with 321 guestrooms inclusive of 20 luxurious suites and 8 Food & Beverage outlets. Hotel Sahara Star features an unbelievable external façade made of glass and steel.
Here, the culture, mystique & hospitality of India blends with modern facility & services to create the finest business-cum-leisure hotel of the country.
The Philadelphia Eagles play the New England Patriots in the 52nd Super Bowl this Sunday at the U.S. Bank Stadium in Minneapolis. Kickoff is scheduled for 6:30 p.m.
The Pats enter the contest with the second most Super Bowl wins, with five behind the leadership of quarterback Tom Brady and coach Bill Belichick. Quarterback Nick Foles and coach Doug Pederson lead the Eagles, who have yet to take home a trophy from the Super Bowl. The game will be a rematch of the 39th Super Bowl, and the Pats are favored to win once again.
The Brown and White spoke to Lehigh football players to find out their Super Bowl predictions.
—
Jimmy Mitchell, fifth year defensive lineman
Prediction: The Eagles
“I'm going with the upset by the Eagles. Their defense played lights-out last week, and the offense proved they could move the ball down the field on a good Vikings defense. Also, fantastic kicking game out of the Birds.”
Score prediction: Eagles 28, Patriots 24
—
Brad Mayes, junior quarterback
Prediction: The Patriots
“I personally am not fond of either team, but if I had to choose, I would say the Patriots because I dislike the Eagles more than the Patriots (Go Cowboys), and Tom Brady just can't lose.”
Score prediction: Patriots 38, Eagles 17
—
Michael Baur, senior tight end
Prediction: The Patriots
“Because Philly is NEVER going to win a Super Bowl.”
Score prediction: Patriots 31, Eagles 28
—
Jorge Portorreal, freshman wide receiver
Prediction: The Patriots
“I believe the Pats will win simply because of the intelligence within the Patriots' locker room. Bill Belichick and Tom Brady's ability to find ways to win games is unmatched and amazing. My prediction is they will out-coach the Eagles' coaching staff and win another Super Bowl under Belichick and Brady. Plus, the Patriots are overall a better team in my eyes. Brady will win his last ring and retire.”
Score prediction: Patriots 31, Eagles 24
—
Ed Mish, junior kicker
Prediction: The Eagles
“I think that the Eagles are going to win their first Super Bowl this weekend. The Eagles are going to win because they will have a balanced attack on offense and not make Nick Foles throw deep balls. On defense, they will get good pressure on Brady and disrupt his rhythm.”
Score prediction: Eagles 24, Patriots 21
—
Donavon Harris, junior defensive back
Prediction: The Eagles
“Just a more complete team! I'm confident in my boys! FLY EAGLES FLY!”
Score prediction: Eagles 27, Patriots 21
—
Addison Shoup, freshman quarterback
Prediction: The Eagles
“The Eagles will win the Super Bowl by slowing down the Pats' run game and making them one-dimensional, and (tight end Rob Gronkowski of the Patriots) may have a slow start coming back.”
Score prediction: Eagles 31, Patriots 24
—
Brandon Short, fifth year offensive lineman
Prediction: The Patriots
“More experience and better leadership.”
Score prediction: Patriots 21, Eagles 17
—
Jon Seighman, sophomore linebacker
Prediction: The Eagles
“Their front seven on defense are as disruptive as Jacksonville, but the Eagles' offense has more weapons than Jacksonville.”
Score prediction: Eagles 27, Patriots 17
—
Mark Walker, junior linebacker
Prediction: The Eagles (knock on wood)
“The Pats have enough Super Bowls.”
Score prediction: Eagles 27, Patriots 24
—
Matt Fest, freshman offensive lineman
Prediction: The Eagles
“The Birds are going to win! They just aren't going to lose. Bird gang on top.”
Score prediction: Eagles 27, Patriots 17
—
Marc Raye-Redmond Jr., senior running back
Prediction: The Eagles
“The Eagles will win the Super Bowl because they're the best team in the NFL.”
Score prediction: Eagles 27, Patriots 24
—
Evan Chadbourn, freshman running back
Prediction: The Patriots
“Better QB, better coaching, more consistent.”
Score prediction: Patriots 24, Eagles 13
—
Members of the Goleta Rotary Evening Club pitched in to help build the sustainable garden at La Patera School in Goleta as part of the United Way of Santa Barbara County's recent Day of Caring.
The Goleta Evening Rotarians put on their gloves and dug right in Sept. 17 to shovel, rake and paint in preparation for the school's sustainable garden.
Jana Brody, the school's garden educator, and Ramsey Cronk, the installation coordinator, were advisers, leading the way for the new sustainable garden, which they hope will be planted in every Goleta Union School District school in the near future.
The s'Cool Gardens project is a result of a partnership between the Orfalea Foundations and SBCC's Center for Sustainability.
The Goleta Rotary Evening Club meets at 6:30 p.m. Tuesdays at the Elephant Bar, 521 Firestone Road. Guests are always welcome.
Click here for more information about the Goleta Rotary Evening Club, or contact membership chairwoman Frances Gilliland at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) or club president Martin Senn at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) .
— Lynn Cederquist is publicity chairwoman of the Goleta Rotary Evening Club.
Sometimes news unites the world. People everywhere have been anxiously following the fate of a dozen Thai boys and their football coach trapped in an underground cave. Until last weekend the story looked like a tragedy.
The young football team had ventured into the underground passageways the previous weekend, just before heavy rain flooded the area. As the days passed last week and the rain continued, divers got as far as 3km into the system before they were driven back by the rush of water through a narrow section of the passage. It hardly seemed possible that the boys could be alive.
Now all 13 have been found on a ledge where they had taken refuge from the rising water, the world's attention is no less focused on their fate, possibly more so. Those lads, aged 11 to 16, and their coach, 25, face a challenge that would test people of any age.
None of them are divers accustomed to breathing equipment, yet they will probably have to learn the techniques if the divers who have reached them can bring them out.
Advertisement
Other options are being explored. Pumps are still trying to lower the water level, a search continues for other cave entrances that might be connected to the chamber where the boys are huddled, perhaps it would be possible to drill a shaft to them, or perhaps they can be kept nourished where they are until the rainy season ends in October. None of those sound realistic.
The divers have rigged guide ropes through the passages of murky water and placed air tanks along the route. There is only one way out. And there is no hurry. The trapped can be supplied with all the food, medicine, lighting and communications they might need.
Their only need that cannot be supplied from outside is mental resilience.
The expert rescue divers now with them will be doing their utmost to make the boys relaxed at the idea of a long journey underwater. If this is a typical bunch of early teens, some will be keen to have a go, others definitely not.
Those who are not confident in water will be battling terror. The keen ones will probably be given plenty of practice, because they will need it and because watching them should lessen the fears of the rest.
They were a team when they went into the cave system and they are probably a closer team now. For nearly 10 days they huddled together in darkness and silence deep underground.
They lost track of time, no doubt sleeping fitfully, drinking water dripping from the roof of the cavern, growing ever more hungry and constantly worrying they might not get out.
Compared with that worry, the ordeal they now face must seem manageable. For their families, the relief that their sons have been found alive appears to eclipse any worry about how the boys will get out.
Only the rescuers know how hard it will be to see that the boys do not panic when they find themselves squeezing through narrow confines where the water flow is overwhelming.
Will they all come through? They have done so well together so far.
The world is united in hope that their adventure will have a happy ending.
“Add Text and Timestamp on Gallery Photos” – New Features Launch.
SURAT, INDIA – 31, May 2018: Greencom Ebizz Infotech, one of the leading mobile application development company, today announced new features of their app named Add Text and Timestamp on Gallery Photos for Android platform.
The application focuses on stamping gallery photos concept and for the same includes 4-in-1 stamps that includes Date and Timestamp, Signature Text, Watermark Logo and GPS Location Tag.
Add Text and Timestamp to Gallery Photos has been created with the finest features and functionalities that permit to set up various text stamps and signature words on photos to decorate your gallery photographs wonderfully.
Addition of new features made this app a complete package for those seeking photo stamping solutions in a single download.
New Features of App,
New Brand Logos to Choose from.
Shot on Tag Stamp Position Changeable..
Functionality to add custom shot on logo.
Choose your phone model according to brand.
“It is very crucial to get appreciation by the users for whom the product has been developed then only it holds the importance behind that development” – Said Suresh Kalathiya, CEO Ebizz Infotech.
When queried about future updates, he replied “Yes! We have lined up some interesting features for our users in the future updates too” he concluded.
Some sources revealed that couple of apps namely Custom Video Stamper and GPS Gallery are lined up for future launches on App Store and Google Play Store which is said be under development.
I once thought that I was in serious trouble with the German police.
As a young PhD student in the 1980s, I was speaking at a conference on distributed computing systems in Munich. Having delivered my paper, I went out that evening with colleagues to a local beer garden. Later, but not very late, I wandered back to my hotel across an empty main road – as we often do, when it's safe to do so, in Ireland. I was startled when a police car hurtled up to me, a burly patrolman leapt out and then took my photograph with a Polaroid camera. He did not talk to me nor take my name, but simply roared off as suddenly as he appeared.
It was later explained by a conference organiser than I had obviously jaywalked. I was extremely relieved to board my return flight back to Dublin, fully expecting to be pulled aside at Munich airport passport control.
I was reminded of this incident when reading that police in Orlando, Florida, are now experimenting with face-recognition technology for surveillance in live monitor CCTV feeds. Individuals appearing on CCTV can, in principle, be immediately identified. The city police chief has insisted that the technology is only on trial, and configured only to identify seven specific individuals so as to test the system. Nevertheless, the potential is clearly attractive to law-enforcement authorities.
Amazon Rekognition
The actual face-recognition technology being trialled is Amazon's Rekognition. Amazon developed Rekognition for its first cashier-less convenience store in Seattle. Shoppers can walk into the store, pick up any goods that they want, and just walk out. Amazon sensors and cameras detect goods being taken, identify the shopper concerned and automatically deduct the appropriate amount from their credit card.
As well as in Orlando, Rekognition is also being trialled by police authorities in Oregon. It was reportedly also used by Sky News to identify guests at the recent royal wedding.
Last Friday was “GDPR day”, when the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation came into force, and many of us were drowned in email requests from long-forgotten organisations to explicitly approve their continued use of our addresses for advertising emails. I was at first amused and then irritated by a well-known Irish aspirant politician who continued to bombard me with pleas to electronically stay in touch even though I had already rejected his GDPR request. How many times does one have to say “No”?
GDPR is successfully forcing politicians, companies and the general public to recognise the value of personal data. The trade-off between personal privacy and law enforcement is a political and philosophical boundary for society. To what extent should authorities have the right to continuously assert control over society, by identifying and sanctioning individuals and groups which are perceived to threaten stability and the public good? Technology clearly can greatly enhance the efficiency and effectiveness of lawful surveillance, but where should the line in the sand lie?
Back in the 1980s, when I had my mugshot taken by a German policeman, would any of us have then been prepared to wear a personal tracking device which continuously and accurately monitors our location? But now, almost 40 years later, we each carry mobile phones which exactly do so.
Many police forces, including the Garda, are trialling or using technology to automatically recognise number plates, and so immediately identity the owner and legal status of any vehicle from camera footage or live CCTV feeds. Are we comfortable that live surveillance of our vehicles should be a legitimate policing tool?
Earlier this month, the gardaí rapidly traced the movement of a car over its previous 24 hours by downloading its satnav historical data. They were then able to target the probable location for the appalling murder of a young woman in south Dublin. Would it ever be acceptable for a future police force to be able to know the location of any vehicle at any time?
Smart sunglasses
In Zhengzhou city in Henan province in China, police forces have been successfully trialling smart sunglasses which, in conjunction with a digital tablet, can instantly flag any individual in a crowd as a “subject of interest”. Last December, a BBC correspondent in Guiyang city in Guizhou province was picked up by police within just seven minutes of his mugshot being flagged by a surveillance system in a trial to demonstrate the power of the technology. Equally, his movements over the prior week were quickly identified by searching back over citywide CCTV footage.
How far can such technology adoption go?
We are familiar, perhaps uncomfortably so, with our credit score. Financial institutions report and can interrogate our creditworthiness in deciding whether or not to advance us further funds.
But scoring of the public can go further. In China, the national government is establishing a nationwide social score, due to be fully operational by the early 2020s. A trial system used throughout Rongcheng city in Shandong province scores each citizen against a baseline of 1,000 points. Points are deducted for infringements, such as driving violations, and are earned by voluntary work or charitable donations.
In other large-scale trials, a low social credit score has reportedly been used to reject attempts to book domestic flights, railway bookings, hotel reservations and school and university enrolments.
Our attitudes to technology change with time. GDPR is a timely reminder to be aware of the impact of technology on our values.
Last week, we reported that Disney will be pulling content from Netflix as they plan to launch their own streaming service. Disney owns ABC and ESPN networks in addition to the Disney brand. Well, Netflix isn't going lightly. They have signed Shonda Rhimes, the woman behind Shondaland (Scandal, Grey's Anatomy and HTGAWM).
Financial terms of the deal were not disclosed
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
FREDERIKSTED, U.S. Virgin Islands (AP) — Vice President Mike Pence is in the U.S. Virgin Islands to get an update on the recovery efforts after the islands were socked by Hurricane Maria.
Pence is getting a briefing on the rebuilding efforts in St. Croix and meeting with people affected by the storm. He's the first top member of the Trump administration to visit the U.S. Virgin Islands.
The vice president was aiming to reassure people in the U.S. territories that the Trump administration will help the islands recover from the massive storm.
The vice president was traveling to San Juan, Puerto Rico later in the day. The trip comes days after Trump visited Puerto Rico and praised relief efforts without mentioning the criticism that the federal response has drawn.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
The Android Development Team has begun rolling out the third Android P beta. According to the company, this beta release is very close to what the final version of the upcoming operating system will look like.
Android P Beta 3 features the latest bug fixes and optimizations for stability and polish. The preview released yesterday includes the Beta 3 system images for Pixel devices, the Android Emulator, and an update to the Android Studio build that includes D8 as an independent tool.
According to Google, with this beta, developers should have everything needed to test apps or extend them with Android P features like multi-camera support, display cutout, enhanced notifications, ImageDecoder, TextClassifier, and many others.
Developers can ensure that their apps are compatible with Android P by installing the current app from Google Play on an Android P Beta device or emulator, the team explained. Developers that do not have a supported device can set up an Android Virtual Device on the Android Emulator as a test environment.
Developers should also update their app's targetSdkVersion to 28 as soon as possible, Google recommended. In addition, they should make sure to test apps for uses of non-SDK interfaces and reduce reliance on them.
To start using the new APIs, developers can use the latest version of Android Studio 3.2 or download the official API 28 SDK and tools into Android Studio 3.1.
Life will get no easier for the Giants' offensive line.
The much-maligned unit will be without center Weston Richburg (concussion) Sunday against the Chargers. The group may also have to play without guard John Jerry, who is listed as questionable after injuring the back of his hamstring during practice Thursday, which Jerry was able to complete.
With Richburg out, Brett Jones is expected to start at center.
Running back Paul Perkins (ribs) is also officially out for Sunday. Defensive ends Jason Pierre-Paul (shoulder/knee), Olivier Vernon (ankle) and Avery Moss (shoulder) are listed as questionable, though Pierre-Paul said Thursday he will play.
Arccos, which is attempting to bring real-time artificial intelligence to the round-tracking GPS market with its Arccos Caddie platform, is taking the next step toward making its virtual caddie function like a living, breathing one.
Introduced this summer, Arccos Caddie is an add-on feature to Arccos 360, a club-based GPS sensor that pairs with your smartphone to provide GPS yardages, as well as shot-by-shot and round-by-round statistics. Arccos Caddie, developed in partnership with Microsoft's Azure cloud computing platform, provides club and strategy suggestions based on each player's tendencies, strengths and weaknesses, as well as mountains of data about other similar players and the specifics of each hole on each course.
Now, the Arccos Caddie platform will add real-time recommendations based on wind speed, direction and elevation effects. The GPS distance feature, which has an on-off function to make it conforming, will feature actual yardages and “Plays Like” yardages based on forecasted weather data and golf course topography data.
Arccos CEO Sal Syed says the update to Arccos Caddie, which also includes enhanced algorithms to the current system, continues the company's theme of making the benefits of a caddie's input accessible to more golfers.
“When we continue to think about what Arccos Caddie can be we keep going back to what are the core interactions a golfer has with a caddie,” Syed said. “The ‘plays like' conversation happens literally every time with a caddie."
Syed said the latest update hasn't been submitted to the USGA, but because the feature can be toggled off, it would seem to be allowed under the rules. But he hopes the expanding elements of Arccos Caddie bring about a larger discussion about the game's future.
“What we're doing is really democratizing the experience of playing with a caddie,” Syed said. “Look at how often Justin Thomas referred to his caddie during his round yesterday. We're trying to bring that to the everyday golfer.”
The Arccos Caddie philosophy centers around the idea of providing as many data points upon which the average golfer can make his or her decisions.
“We're not taking judgment away from the game, we're just adding a data point that might be missing to most golfers,” he said. “We hope the USGA agrees that this is the path forward for the game, that there's no point in taking away this information from the average golfer. But we want to keep having this dialog with the USGA on this subject.”
USGA officials were unavailable for comment on the latest features of Arccos Caddie, but Thomas Pagel, the USGA's senior director of rules and amateur status, said earlier this year that the role of artificial intelligence in golf is under study, noting “The rules shouldn't be viewed as a hindrance to technology and innovation. They provide structure so that we're able to be thoughtful about where the game might go and ensure that it doesn't become robotic."
The Arccos Caddie add-on is a premium feature on the Arccos 360 app. It will be featured tiered pricing of $7.99 a month, $39.99 for six months and $49.99 for 12 months (plus a 30-day trial).
Rape is rarely a violent crime and should be punishable by 200 hours of community service, Australian writer Germaine Greer has suggested, as she poured scorn on the idea that victims are left with post traumatic stress disorder.
The feminist said the system must be overhauled because few cases that hinge on consent end in a conviction.
She joked that the most suitable punishment would be for rapists to have an "R" tattooed on their hand or cheek.
Greer was the victim of a rape when she was in her late teens — a violent attack in which she was repeatedly beaten.
Advertisement
But she told an audience at the Hay Festival in Britain: "Most rapes don't involve any injury whatsoever. We are told it's one of the most violent crimes in the world — bull****. Most rape is just lazy, just careless, just insensitive.
"Every time a man rolls over on his exhausted wife and insists on enjoying his conjugal right, he is raping her. It will never end up in a court of law."
She went on: "Instead of thinking of rape as a spectacularly violent crime — and some rapes are — think about it as non-consensual, that is, bad sex.
"Sex where there is no communication, no tenderness, no mention of love. We used to talk about lovemaking."
Greer claimed "the official position now is that 70 per cent of rape victims suffer PTSD and only 20 per cent of veterans".
She added: "At this point you think, what the hell are you saying? That something that leaves no sign, no injury, nothing, is more damaging to women than seeing your best friend blown up by an IED is to a veteran?"
She argued that we should stop "pathologising" rape and saying that it destroys women's lives.
"We haven't been destroyed, we've been bloody annoyed, is what we've been. I reckon 200 hours of community service will do — would do me. I suggested a long time ago that maybe a little tattoo would be a good thing. Maybe an 'R' on your hand. I'd prefer it on your cheek."
It's been quite clear to me for some time now that Germaine Greer doesn't actually like women. And that would include herself. — ruby (@moximoll) May 30, 2018
Can Morrissey and Germaine Greer just go and live in a house together, with no wifi, or windows, or doors? — Sarah Ross (@oddlyentangled) May 30, 2018
"I was raped... but it didn't kill me."
Germaine Greer talks about her experience of sexual violence in the latest Ways to Change the World podcast. pic.twitter.com/UTjxvmq73L — Channel 4 News (@Channel4News) May 25, 2018
It's increasingly looking like feminism is just something Germaine Greer tried at a party. This is twisted: "Instead of thinking of rape as a spectacularly violent crime, and some rapes are, think about it as non consensual … that is bad sex."
https://t.co/r6QGClgWIs — Will Black (@WillBlackWriter) May 30, 2018
I call for Germaine Greer to stop calling herself a feminist. Because she very clearly isn't. And the hailing of her as one needs to stop. It should have stopped a long time ago, really, but now is certainly a good time to really do it. https://t.co/VZPOh2IiYP — Prof Tanja Bueltmann (@cliodiaspora) May 30, 2018
It was "mad" that rape sentences could be heavier than those for attempted murder, she said, adding that "rape isn't carried out by a specific group of criminals — a lot of it happens almost by accident".
But she explained: "In case you're wondering whether with my apparently flippant attitude I actually have any understanding of the gravity of the crime of rape, I was violently raped days before my 19th birthday. I was beaten half-unconscious.
"I was found wandering in the street very confused and rescued, thank God, because the people in the car were a man and a woman. If there had been four men in that car I don't think you would have heard of me again."
The issue of consent should be removed from prosecutions, Greer said, and some cases could be treated as grievous bodily harm — a crime that carries a lighter sentence and would therefore not prove so off-putting to juries.
"Where it's his word against hers and the penalty is seven years or something, juries won't convict," she said.
The #MeToo movement would have little effect, Greer suggested, and she believed Harvey Weinstein's accusers would be picked apart in court.
"Everybody thinks that the #MeToo generation is going to make such a big difference. It will be extraordinary if it makes any difference at all. Because they are still going to have to argue the issue of consent," she said.
If you're in danger NOW:
• Phone the police on 111 or ask neighbours of friends to ring for you.
• Run outside and head for where there are other people.
• Scream for help so that your neighbours can hear you.
• If you are being abused, remember it's not your fault.
Where to go for help or more information:
• NZ Police
• Help Auckland 24/7 helpline 09 623 1700
• Rape Prevention Education
• Wellington Help 24/7 crisisline 04 801 6655, push 0
• Male Survivors of Sexual Abuse
• Women's Refuge: Free national crisis line operates 24/7 - 0800 REFUGE or 0800 733 843 www.womensrefuge.org.nz
• Shine, free national helpline 9am- 11pm every day - 0508 744 633 www.2shine.org.nz
• Shakti: Providing specialist cultural services for African, Asian and Middle Eastern women and their children. Crisis line 24/7 0800 742 584
• White Ribbon: Aiming to eliminate men's violence towards women, focusing this year on sexual violence and the issue of consent. www.whiteribbon.org.nz
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
This is the moment when lucky fans met Lady Gaga after her sell-out Birmingham concert.
A video shows the superstar taking time out to pose for selfies after her gig at the Genting Arena on Thursday, February 1.
Flanked by her entourage, she signed autographs and posed for pictures with the fans who had been waiting in a car park for a chance to see their idol.
It was filmed by Lady Gaga impersonator and super-fan, Gagamonster, who put the video out on his Twitter account.
But the following day Lady Gaga announced she had cancelled the last 10 dates of the European leg of her world tour tour because of “severe pain."
Two shows at London's O2 Arena and a concert at Manchester Arena are among those axed by the pop star who suffers from fibromyalgia, a long-term condition which can cause pain all over the body.
The US star revealed she decided to axe the remaining dates with support from her medical team.
(Image: Getty Images North America)
Lady Gaga performed at the Arena Birmingham last Wednesday, January 31 and the Genting Arena on Thursday to rave reviews.
She was due to perform at at her first London gig on Sunday. Gigs have also been scrapped in Switzerland, Germany, Sweden, Denmark and France.
On Twitter, she said: “I'm so devastated I don't how to describe it. All I know is that if I don't do this, I am not standing by the words or meaning of my music.
“My medical team is supporting the decision for me to recover at home. We're cancelling the last 10 shows of my Joanne World Tour.
“I love this show more than anything, and I love you, but this beyond my control. London, Manchester, Zurich, Koln, Stockholm, Copenhagen, Paris, Berlin. And Rio.
(Image: Yui Mok /PA Wire)
“I promise I will be back in your city, but for now, I need to put myself and my well-being first. I love you forever, XX Gaga.”
When news of the cancellation broke, Gagamonster tweeted: "Gaga's fibromyalgia puts an intense pressure on her body, especially when she has to travel around the world.
"This is one of the many reasons why she booked the Vegas residency, so she can still perform for her fans while having to go through this. She truly works so hard for us."
Another statement released on Twitter read: “Unfortunately, Lady Gaga is suffering from severe pain that has materially impacted her ability to perform live.
“As a result, Live Nation and Lady Gaga are announcing the cancellation of the final 10 dates of the European leg of her Joanne World Tour.
“Last night, with strong support from her medical team, Lady Gaga made the tough decision to immediately come off the road.
“She is extremely sorry and deeply saddened that she cannot perform for her European fans, who have waited so patiently.”
The European leg of the tour - named after her fifth album Joanne which was influenced by the death of her aunt Joanne Stefani Germanotta - was rescheduled for 2018.
She had been due to perform for two nights in Birmingham last October but postponed all her dates after being taken to hospital with severe pain in September.
This story is about Published 1h
Stars prospect Miro Heiskanen likely isn't going anywhere, not even for Erik Karlsson Share This Story On... Twitter
Facebook
Email
Smiley N. Pool/Staff Photographer Defenseman Miro Heiskanen (33) takes the ice on the first day of Dallas Stars development camp at the Dr Pepper StarCenter on Saturday, July 8, 2017, in Frisco. (Smiley N. Pool/The Dallas Morning News)
By Josh Lile Contact Josh Lile on Twitter: @JoshL1220
When you hear the question, "Should Team X add Erik Karlsson?" the answer is a reflexive "yes." You don't think about it. You just do it and watch the greatest defenseman of this generation play for Team X for the next nine years. In a vacuum, the question of who is untouchable in a deal for Karlsson is almost an invalid question. It seems crazy to say the Dallas Stars should make anybody untouchable in a trade for Karlsson, but as of now, they are. Miro Heiskanen will likely not be moving anywhere. We don't live in a vacuum, or live in the NHL of the early aughts and before. The salary cap exists. His unavailability says nothing about Karlsson. It speaks volumes about Heiskanen. The club acquiring the best player usually will win a trade. Tyler Seguin was acquired for Reilly Smith, Loui Eriksson and some magic dust. Two quality players, but you don't bat an eye moving them for Seguin. Jason Spezza came to Dallas from Ottawa for Alex Chiasson, Nick Paul, Alex Guptill and a second-round pick. That second-round pick was used by the New Jersey Devils to select Mackenzie Blackwood. You don't flinch when that opportunity arises. None of those players were on the level Heiskanen is on now. It's easy to write Heiskanen off as a prospect "who may never develop," given that he hasn't played a game in the NHL. We see prospects flame out all the time. It happens. How many of those prospects have already dominated the top professional league in their own country at 18?
In May, I was preparing for the draft and came across Simo Teperi, who took effort to visualize #FancyStats for the Finnish Liiga in the way Micah Blake McCurdy does at www.hockeyviz.com. The player card Teperi put together for Heiskanen is on the right (or above, for mobile users). Heiskanen scored at the rate of a first-pairing defender, and the only real question about his game coming into the year was his ultimate offensive potential. In the bottom left of the chart, you will find a heat map of where shots came from with Heiskanen on the ice. He plays on the right side of the rink (bottom of the picture). Notice all of the red in the offensive zone and blue in the defensive zone. Heiskanen was simply dominant. In the Olympics, he was on full display. Teammate Eeli Tolvanen got more press because he was scoring the goals, but he and Heiskanen both looked dominant.
This simply isn't the kind of talent you can move in the modern NHL. Heiskanen may not work out, anything is possible. No franchise can risk moving someone who looks so ready to step right into the NHL on an entry-level deal playing top-four minutes for a guy who is about to make $11 million annually. The Stars are in position to add a big salary because of good contracts like those of Heiskanen and John Klingberg. Moving Heiskanen takes away a big part of that advantage. Joe Smith of The Athletic NHL asked Craig Button for some opinions about the idea of Tampa Bay trading for Karlsson, and this statement stood out to me: "I'm not having any conversations with the Lightning if it doesn't include Sergachev," said former NHL GM Craig Button. "If I'm (Senators GM) Pierre Dorion, if Sergachev isn't available, then it's off to the next team. I don't have to trade Karlsson today, I don't have to trade him tomorrow, or in August. There's a market for Karlsson where I can get value for a superstar." That very well may be the case, but Dorion doesn't have nearly as much leverage as this suggests. The Senators are in bad shape. They've known the offers they were getting since at least February. It's widely known that Karlsson is very unlikely to stay in Ottawa long-term, and the Senators offered him a below-market contract extension. Sure, Ottawa could hold on to Karlsson until August. By August, a team like the Stars is probably going to be out. They don't have to trade for Karlsson. They could just as easily turn their attention to Artemi Panarin or Max Pacioretty. Dragging this out over an extended period of time is going to eliminate teams from being interested because some will go fill holes elsewhere. If Dorion holds out for Heiskanen, chances are good that the Stars will turn elsewhere because they can upgrade the roster further without moving him. Even if it means saying no to acquiring the best defenseman of this generation.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Birmingham City boss Harry Redknapp held a meeting with a player's agent last night.
He held talks with a transfer target's representative in London about a possible move to Blues.
Redknapp is keen to add to his squad ahead of a push for promotion and has already been active in the market.
Blues secured the services of highly-rated goalkeeper David Stockdale from Brighton earlier this week.
And Redknapp confirmed that he was in the capital yesterday working on another deal.
“It's non-stop. I've not been away, as I've been so busy,” he told TalkSPORT .
“Just last night I was in London, and met with a player's agent about a lad we're trying to sign.”
Redknapp also confirmed that Blues have made a sensational swoop for former Chelsea and England captain John Terry.
“We've made him a good offer and we have done the best we can," he said.
"It's up to John now, but we would love him at Birmingham.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Olly Stone is backing three months Down Under this winter as the ideal preparation for him to play a big role in Warwickshire's pace attack next season.
The fast bowler arrived at Edgbaston from Northamptonshire last autumn but had to wait for his Bears debut as he completed 12 months' rehab following a major knee operation.
He then showed the surgery had not diminished his pace at all, looking seriously quick when he entered the fray in the NatWest T20 Blast before a bruised heel sidelined him for the closing weeks of the season.
That was frustrating, admits the paceman, who will be 24 next week – but only a minor irritation set alongside all the evidence that the operation was successful.
Stone will jet off to Perth, in Western Australia, next month on a mission to return to Edgbaston in the spring well-placed to rattle a few batsmen on the Bears' behalf in 2018.
“I'll be in Perth for just over three months to play some grade cricket to keep my body ticking over,” he said. “I'll play some cricket in all formats and spend some time in the gym and just enjoy being able to play cricket and not be having to spend all winter in the gym on rehab. It will be perfect for me, having not played a lot this year.
“So then I can come back ready to go again in April because I'd love to contribute a lot for Warwickshire next year. It was nice this season to come back and bowl quite fast and it was good to know I could still push batsmen back. The winter objective is for me to get my fitness up so I can do that in four-day games and not just in T20.”
Warwickshire's supporters had a long wait to see Stone in first-team action due to his injury, but the Norwich-born player was signed by the Bears as potentially a linchpin of the pace attack for many years to come. That is what he wants to be and, despite the late-season injury, his overall progress since surgery has been very encouraging.
“It was frustrating to get the heel injury because all the rest of my body was ready to go,” he said. “But while I was in rehab I was told that when I first came back it would not necessarily be the knee that was the issue but everything else needing to catch up with the strains of bowling again.
“I have had a little little niggles but it is nice to know my knee is strong and can cope with what's needed.
“At the start of the season we said whatever first-team cricket I played during the season would be a bonus so to play what I did is a massive positive. Now I will start bowling again in the next week or so before I go to Australia and then keep working during the winter.”
One of my greatest regrets in life, is never seeing Whitney Houston live in concert. I've been reduced to watching live performances on YouTube and as soul-riveting as they are, I can only imagine what it would have been like to hear “the voice” in-person. Like many others, I couldn't comprehend the brilliance of Whitney's immense talent until after her untimely death on February 11.
MUST READ: Why Are We Ignoring The Fact That Pusha-T Exploited Whitney Houston For Promotion?
Earlier this year, the documentary Whitney premiered at the Cannes Film Festival leaving fans and critics stunned at a bombshell revelation. Whitney was allegedly molested by her aunt Dionne Warwick's sister Dee Warwick.
After several failed attempts to tell Whitney's story accurately and sensitivity, the Houston family teamed up with Kevin Macdonald to put forth a film they believe portrayed Whitney in her true essence.
“I think it will impact her legacy in a positive way because I hope that it will make people feel like I'm not going to dismiss her as this drug-addicted, tabloid, ne'er do well, low-class person,” Macdonald, told IndieWire. “By understanding, you humanize. I didn't start this as a great Whitney Houston fan, but I ended up with a credible sense of empathy for her, and a love of the music born out of that empathy.”
Macdonald attempts to get to the root of Whitney's drug use and uncovers some ugly truths that have been buried deeper than family photo albums in the attic.
Whitney's struggle with substance abuse captivated audiences. How could someone with vocal cords touched by God himself fall into the devil's hands? During her famous Diane Sawyer interview, Sawyer asked Whitney ‘Who the biggest devil in her situation is?' Whitney eerily responded, “me.” But we didn't seem to focus on that part, we ran with the sound bite “crack is wack” and “show me the receipts.” We went for the bait and overlooked the “why.” Why does Whitney have a drug addiction?
“She has a human story just like we do and her life mirrors all of ours,” Pat Houston told Bustle. “She just had to play hers out in public, and we live our darkness in the shadow… she's narrating and telling you the things that bothered her in life, which I'm pretty sure was a lot of silent suffering. People who go through silent suffering all the time, that's why there are suicides. That's why there are certain things that happen.”
Whitney debuts in theaters July 6 promising fans a never-before-seen glance into Nippy's life. With the family's permission, Whitney will feature raw footage from performance tapes and home video, a cappella vocals at their strong point, but more impressively Whitney captures the ascension of young woman dubbed “The Voice” and her tragic fall.
RELATED STORIES:
Documentary Alleges Whitney Houston Was Molested By Dee Dee Warwick
Bobby Brown's Sister Swears She Didn't Sell Whitney Houston's Bathroom Photo To Kanye West
13 Fabulous Throwback Photos Of Whitney Houston 13 photos Launch gallery 13 Fabulous Throwback Photos Of Whitney Houston 1. Whitney Houston In 1986 Source:Getty 1 of 13 2. Whitney Houston In 1988 Source:Getty 2 of 13 3. Whitney Houston In 1994 Source:Getty 3 of 13 4. Whitney Houston In 1998 Source:Getty 4 of 13 5. Whitney In 1988 Source:Getty 5 of 13 6. Whitney In 1993 Source:Getty 6 of 13 7. Whitney Houston Source:Getty 7 of 13 8. Whitney Houston Source:Getty 8 of 13 9. Whitney Houston In 1988 Source:Getty 9 of 13 10. Whitney Houston In 1988 Source:Getty 10 of 13 11. Whitney Houston In 1998 Source:Getty 11 of 13 12. Whitney Houston In 1988 Source:Getty 12 of 13 13. Whitney Houston Source:Getty 13 of 13 Skip ad Continue reading 13 Fabulous Throwback Photos Of Whitney Houston 13 Fabulous Throwback Photos Of Whitney Houston
‘Whitney' The Documentary Dares To Delve Deep Into The Cause Of Whitney's Addiction was originally published on hellobeautiful.com
PHILADELPHIA (AP) — A judge in Philadelphia has denied Meek Mill's request for a new trial and the removal of another judge from the rapper's case.
President Judge Leon Tucker told Mill in a Wednesday hearing that he doesn't have jurisdiction over the matter.
The Pennsylvania Supreme Court ordered Mill's release from prison last month where he was serving a two- to four-year sentence on a probation violation related to a decade-old gun and drug conviction.
Mill's lawyers want Judge Genece Brinkley removed from his case. They allege she's been waging a vendetta against the rapper, including sending him to prison for the probation violations.
Advertisement
She has strongly defended her impartiality.
Prosecutors say they believe Mill should get a new trial because of questions raised about the credibility of his arresting officer.
Global Turbocharger Market was valued at $10.2 billion in 2016, and is projected to reach $24.04 billion by 2024, having a CAGR of 11.6% during the forecast period of 2017 to 2024.
Turbocharger or turbo is a turbine driven forced induction machine that improves an internal combustion engines' efficiency and power output by adding extra air into the combustion chamber. This improvement over a naturally aspirated engine's output are observed because the turbine can force more air, and thus proportionately more fuel, into the combustion chamber than atmospheric pressure alone. Turbocharger is powered by a turbine which is driven by the engine's exhaust gases. In simple words, turbocharger uses the pressure energy of the exhaust gases and converts into kinetic energy to drive the turbines of turbocharger. There are various types of turbocharger like waste gated turbocharger, variable geometry turbocharger, twin turbocharger and others. Turbochargers can work for both gasoline and diesel engines and can significantly boost an engine's horsepower without significantly increasing its weight, which is the huge benefit that makes turbochargers prominent. Turbocharger is capable enough of increases the power output of an engine while surviving extreme operating conditions.
Request Sample Copy of the Report@ https://www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/turbocharger-market/request-sample
Market Determinants
Improved engine economization, stringent government regulations and enhanced engine performance & fuel efficiency are the major advantages of the turbochargers which are acting as driving agents to the turbocharger market. Complicated installation of turbocharger and Overheating of engine are restraints. Growing demand for fuel efficient and gasoline engines prominent opportunities. Moreover, the use of turbochargers for conventional IC engines ensure complete fuel combustion which reduces harmful emissions which can severely degrade the environment. However, turbochargers are expensive as compared to the traditional chargers and can overheat the engine, which can act as a major restraint to the market growth. In addition to this, inclination towards electric vehicles or (BEVs) is promoting the auto industry in their shift from combustion engines to electricity powered vehicles which will eventually hinder the growth of turbocharger market. On the other hand, growing demand for fuel efficient and gasoline engines can bring future growth opportunities for the industry.
Market Determinants – Impact Analysis (2016 – 2024)
market determinants – impact analysis (2016 – 2024)
Segment Analysis
The global turbocharger market is segmented on the basis of technology, fuel type, application, end user, industry vertical and geography. By technology, the market is segmented into twin turbo technology, waste gate technology and variable geometry technology. On the basis of fuel type, the market is segmented into gasoline and diesel. By end-user, the market is segmented into OEM and After Market. On the basis of application, the segmentation of the market is done on the basis of light commercial vehicles, heavy commercial vehicles, ships & aircraft and others. Geographically, the market is segmented into North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World. Twin turbo technology is the most adopted technology for turbochargers, holding more than 40% of the overall market. Geographically, Europe is the current leading market in terms of turbochargers, as a result of being the largest automobile manufacturing market. According to International Council of Clean Transportation (ICCT), Germany holds 24% share of the overall European passenger vehicle market.
Some major market players are Bosch mahle turbo systems GmbH & Co. KG, Precision Turbo and Engine, Borgwarner, Inc., IHI corporation, Rotomaster International, Mitsubishi Heavy Industries, Ltd., Continental AG, Cummins, Inc., Eaton Corporation and Honeywell international.
Turbocharger market by technology, Revenue
Turbocharger market by technology, Revenue
GLOBAL TURBOCHARGER MARKET SEGMENTATION
By Technology
• Wastegate technology
• Variable geometry technology
By Fuel Type
• Gasoline
• Diesel
By End User
• OEM
• After Market
By Application
• Light Commercial Vehicles
• Heavy Commercial Vehicles
• Ships & Aircraft
• Heavy Duty Vehicles
• Locomotive
By Industry Verticals
• Aerospace & Defense
• Automotive
• Marine
• Agriculture & Construction
KEY MARKET PLAYERS
Bosch mahle turbo systems GmbH & Co. KG
• Precision Turbo and Engine
• Borgwarner, Inc.
• IHI corporation
• Rotomaster International
• Mitsubishi Heavy Industries, Ltd.
• Continental AG
• Cummins Inc.
• Eaton Corporation
• Honeywell International, Inc.
Request for Customized Report @https://www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/turbocharger-market/request-customise-form
About Esticast Research & Consulting :
Esticast Research & Consulting is a research firm providing research reports on various industries with a unique combination of authenticity, extensive research, and infallibility. We provide syndicated market research reports, customization services, and consulting services to help businesses across the world in achieving their goals and overcoming complex challenges. We specialize in providing 360 degree view of the markets to assist clients in determining new opportunities and develop business strategies for the future with data and statistics on changing market dynamics.
Esticast Research & Consulting has expert analysts and consultants with an ability to work in collaboration with clients to meet their business needs and give opportunities to thrive in a competitive world. A comprehensive analysis of industries ranging from healthcare to consumer goods and ICT to BFSI is provided by covering hundreds of industry segments. The research reports offering market forecasts, market entry strategies, and customer intelligence will help clients across the world in harnessing maximum value on their investment and realize their optimum potential.
Contact
Address:Sr. No.8/2A/1, Vitthal Heights, Above Yashwant, Kharadi, Pune-411014
Tel: +91-20-65606016
Email: help@esticastresearch.com
Web: https://www.esticastresearch.com
FARMVILLE, N.C. (WNCT) — Principle of the year – you can add that to Allison Setser's title. Setser is the principle of H.B. Sugg and Sam D. Bundy elementary schools.
The award was announced last night at the Rock Spring Center.
Setser was up against five other principles.
When asked what the key is to being a great principle, she said passion.
“I think I bring passion and motivation and enthusiasm. I throw myself into everything I do, school is my hobby. It's what I do. It's what I take pride in. I have high expectations and we're really doing a lot of innovative things here at the school.”
Setser also won another award yesterday – the media, technology administrator of the year for the state of North Carolina.
Golfer Padraig Harrington's popular Twitter account has been hacked - and it's no longer family friendly!
The three-time major winner is known for tweeting about golf - naturally enough - his charity work, family life, his clothing range and his love of burgers.
But his account - @padraig_h, which has over 103,000 followers - has been taken over by Tammy Boolman, who describes herself in her bio as 'Voice actress \ Travel lover. Waiting you'.
The content being tweeted since early on Saturday afternoon is certainly different - and not the sort of stuff you'd be checking up on the office computer.
No doubt, Padraig's people are on the case and Harrington will be back in charge of his own against again soon.
Texas Rangers relief pitcher Jake Diekman (41) walks to the next field during a spring training workout at the team's training facility on Thursday, February 23, 2017 in Surprise, Arizona. (Ashley Landis/The Dallas Morning News)
Here are 10 things you may not know about Rangers pitcher Jake Diekman.
Basic information
Jake Diekman was born Jacob Tanner Diekman on January 21, 1987. He's a left-handed pitcher for the Texas Rangers, wearing No. 41. He entered the league getting drafted in the 30th round by the Philadelphia Phillies in 2007.
Early days
Diekman attended Southern High School in Wymore, Nebraska. The school was not big enough to carry a baseball team so Diekman played golf there while starring on the diamond in the summer for an American Legion team that was made up of kids from Wymore, Diller, Lewiston and Odell.
Education degree
Diekman transferred to Cloud County Community College after one season at Doane College. There he starred on the mound while also working in the classroom. He earned an associate's degree in business administration from Cloud County.
Received offer from Nebraska
As detailed in the Lincoln Journal Star, Diekman pitched well enough at Cloud County Community College to earn a scholarship offer from the Nebraska Huskers, a school where he always wanted to play. However, the Philadelphia Phillies drafted him in 2007 so he never played Division I baseball.
Mother's death
It wasn't all happy times for Diekman around when he got drafted to the MLB. Just months before his big break, Diekman's mother, Billie, passed away at the age of 57. Diekman thinks about her during the national anthem before every game. He also said his father, Paul, played a big role in coping with his mothers death.
Southampton have announced a partnership with Jisheng Gao and his family.
The Chinese businessman has been in negotiations with the south-coast club for some time and will now be part of the set-up at the Premier League outfit moving forward.
Saints owner Katharina Liebherr confirmed the deal had been completed in a statement released to Southampton supporters on Monday afternoon.
“I am pleased to confirm that talks to bring in a new partner to our club have been concluded,” she said.
“Following extensive and fruitful work, we are entering into a partnership with the Gao family and I am excited about what we will achieve together.
“Today is the start of a new and exciting chapter for our club. Mr Jisheng Gao and his daughter, Mrs Nelly Gao, with whom I have built a close relationship, share our values and ambitions.
“As a team, we will strive to build upon the strong foundation that is in place towards sustainable long-term success.”
Liebherr went on to suggest that chairman Ralph Krueger, and other members of staff in place at St Mary's, will continue to operate in their current capacity.
“Mr Gao, Nelly and I have full trust in Ralph Krueger and his management team. We wholeheartedly support their plans to follow the Southampton Way in the years ahead,” she added.
“But for now it is business as usual at Southampton Football Club and we must allow everyone at the club to focus on the first few weeks of the new season.
“I would like to thank the passionate supporters of the club for their ongoing loyalty and faith, and I look forward to seeing you soon at St Mary's. We March On.”
Gao, whose company Lander Sports Development had been in talks with Liebherr during last season, now wants to move the club further forward.
“I am honoured and humbled to become a partner of Southampton Football Club alongside Katharina Liebherr, who, together with her father, has been such a great steward of the club, its growth and success,” he said.
“Together, we have the passion and motivation to build on Southampton's excellent progress in recent years as we look forward to an exciting next chapter for the club.”
Southampton, with new manager Mauricio Pellegrino at the helm, started the season with a 0-0 draw at home to Swansea on Saturday.
DNA evidence leads to the arrest of a Los Angeles man, and detectives are asking for the public's help identifying others
Santa Barbara police officials are asking the public to help find three suspects involved in a robbery at a Milpas Street jewelry store last year.
A fourth suspect, Jose Antonio Aviles, 32, of Los Angeles, was arrested this month. Police are seeking information about the others believed to be involved.
On April 7, 2010, police responded to a robbery at Joyeria Latina Americana at 118 N. Milpas St.
Four Hispanic male adults are believed to have entered the store, taking $750,000 in jewelry and $13,000 in cash. Two of the four robbers brandished handguns during the robbery and forced the store owner, an employee and the owner's wife to a back room of the business. The three victims were then bound with their hands behind their backs and left lying face down on the floor.
“The robbers told the victims that they would be killed, and if they called police their families would be killed,” the Police Department said in a statement issued Thursday.
Detectives collected evidence from the scene that was sent to the California Department of Justice for DNA examination. Detectives received word on Sept. 7 that the DNA sample matched Aviles, and photographs and surveillance videos confirmed the match.
He was in the custody of the California Department of Corrections for a separate robbery committed in California. Santa Barbara detectives obtained an arrest warrant for Avile and drove to San Diego on Tuesday to arrest him on charges of robbery and kidnapping.
The investigation is ongoing, and anyone with information about the other suspects is urged to call Detective Claytor at 805.897.2346.
— Noozhawk staff writer Lara Cooper can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Ballistic Protective Equipment Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report Seyntex N.V., Honeywell International, Inc., Tencate, Rheinmetall AG, Point Blank Enterprise, Inc., Morgan Advanced Materials, ArmorSource LLC, Craig International Ballistics, Survitec Group Ltd, Verseidag-Indutex GmbH, Safe Life Defense, Tactical Assault Gear (TAG), Hellweg International Pty. Ltd, MKU Limited, Mehler Vario System, Mars Armor, Paul Boye Technologies, Mehler Law Enforcement GmbH, Vista Outdoor, Inc., Pacific Safety Products, Inc. (PSP), EnGarde, Safariland, LLC, CQC Ltd., Armor Wear, BAE Systems, Plc, DuPont, 3M Company, Teijin Group.
The report begins with introducing the global Ballistic Protective Equipment market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Ballistic Protective Equipment report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-ballistic-protective-equipment-market/5898/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Ballistic Protective Equipment Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: Head Protection, Soft Armor, Hard Armor.
Ballistic Protective Equipment Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: Defense, Commercial, Law Enforcement & Safety.
Key points in the Ballistic Protective Equipment Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-ballistic-protective-equipment-market/5898/#inquiry
From all of this Ballistic Protective Equipment market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Ballistic Protective Equipment market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Ballistic Protective Equipment distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Iran's Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif is interviewed by The Associated Press, in New York, Tuesday, April 24, 2018. Zarif is warning the Trump administration that pulling out from the Iran nuclear deal would undermine talks with North Korea by proving that America reneges on its promises. Richard Drew AP Photo
It's back. The Patriot Act — that grotesque, ever-mutating, hydra-headed monstrosity from the Bush-Cheney Little Shop of Horrors — has risen again, this time with an added twist of Orwellian intrusiveness from the Obamacans.
Since 2006, Team Bush, and then Team Obama, have allowed the little-known, hugely powerful National Security Agency to run a daily dragnet through your and my phone calls — all on the hush-hush, of course, not informing us spyees. Now exposed, leaders of both parties are piously pointing to the Patriot Act, saying that it legalized this wholesale, everyday invasion of our privacy, so we shouldn't be surprised, much less upset by NSA's surreptitious peek-a-boo program.
When the story broke, President Barack Obama quickly began dissembling, calling these massive and routine violations of the Fourth Amendment “modest encroachments on privacy” that are “worth us doing” to make us more secure. He added disingenuously that Congress is regularly briefed about the program. In fact, however, only a handful of members are briefed, and even they have been lied to by Obama's director of national intelligence, James Clapper, who flatly denied in Senate testimony in March that the NSA was gathering information on hundreds of millions of our citizens' phone calls.
Yet, Sen. Dianne Feinstein, chairwoman of the intelligence committee, loyally defends spying on Americans, claiming it protects us from terrorists. But she then admitted she really doesn't know how the mountains of data are being used.
This is nothing but the “Great Bottomless Trust-Us Swamp,” created by the panicky passage and irresponsible reauthorization of the Patriot Act. Secretly seizing everyone's phone records is, as the American Civil Liberties Union put it, “beyond Orwellian.” A New York Times editorial rightly says, “The administration has now lost all credibility on this issue.” But no administration can be trusted to restrain itself from abusing the unlimited power of the Patriot Act.
It's not enough to fight the NSA's outrageously invasive spying on us — the Patriot Act itself is a shameful betrayal of America's ideals, and it must be repealed.
When whistleblower Eric Snowden literally blew the lid off the NSA's seven-year, super-snooper program of rummaging electronically through about a billion phone calls made every day by us average Americans, Al Gore tweeted: “Is it just me, or is secret blanket surveillance obscenely outrageous?” It's definitely not just you, Al — this latest explosion of the Fourth Amendment is so mega-awful that authorities had to conjure up a new word for the process: metadata mining.
Most shocking, however, is the tin-eared, who-cares reaction by both Republican and Democratic leaders to this outrageous meta-surveillance. For example, GOP Sen. Lindsey Graham blustered that, “It doesn't bother me one bit that NSA has my number.” Hey, Lindsey, it's not your number we're worried about. It's the NSA's collection of our entire country's numbers. Then came Sen. Saxby Chambliss: “We have not had any citizen who has registered a complaint,” he blathered. Hello, Sen. Clueless: No one knew to complain since y'all kept the program secret from us! Remember?
Even more ridiculous was President Obama's feeble effort to rationalize this spookery by declaring that Congress knew about it, as did a special spy court that routinely reviews and blesses it, so it's all legit. In a perplexed voice, Obama added: “If people cant trust the executive branch, but also don't trust Congress and don't trust federal judges ... then we're going to have some problems here.”
Gosh, sir, We the People have now learned that all three branches of government have furtively conspired for seven years to violate our privacy — so, no, we don't trust any of them. And, yes, that is a biiiiiiig problem.
— Jim Hightower is a national radio commentator, writer, public speaker and author of Swim Against The Current: Even A Dead Fish Can Go With The Flow. Click here to contact him, follow him on Twitter: @JimHightower, or click here to read previous columns. The opinions expressed are his own.
RICHMOND, Va. (AP) — The Latest on Virginia passage of Medicaid expansion plan after years of gridlock (all times local):
8:05 p.m.
The Republican-controlled Virginia General Assembly has given final approval to a state budget expanding Medicaid coverage to the state's poor.
The House of Delegates voted Wednesday shortly after the state Senate voted in favor of expansion. Several Republicans in both chambers joined with Democrats to support Medicaid expansion after years of partisan battle on the issue.
Advertisement
The House had previously endorsed expansion, while the Senate had held out in opposition until Wednesday.
Democratic Gov. Ralph Northam is expected to sign the budget in coming days. Expanding Medicaid was a key provision of then-President Barack Obama's health care overhaul.
A tally from the Kaiser Family Foundation shows Virginia will become the 33rd state to approve Medicaid expansion.
7:05 p.m.
The Virginia Senate has voted to expand Medicaid, ending years of partisan gridlock on whether to widen coverage under the health care program for poor people.
The Senate on Wednesday approved a state budget that would expand Medicaid eligibility to about 400,000 low-income adults.
A tally from the Kaiser Family Foundation shows Virginia will become the 33rd state to approve Medicaid expansion. Expanding Medicaid was a key provision of the Affordable Care Act pushed by former President Barack Obama.
Virginia Democrats have pushed unsuccessfully for years to expand it. Several state Republicans dropped their opposition this year, saying Virginia would be better off with increased federal funding for the program.
The budget still needs final approval House and from Democratic Gov. Ralph Northam. That's expected to happen with little difficulty.
When hulking Bulldogs league stars started calling their Kiwi boss "Auntie" as a mark of cultural respect, Raelene Castle knew she had won over the dressing room.
Castle repaid that respect - leading the iconic NRL club to a Grand Final, lifting its membership and providing an empowering female role model.
Now as the newly appointed boss of Rugby Australia, the first woman in the high-profile role, Castle will draw on her sporting mana as she helps repair football codes on both sides of the Tasman.
On Thursday, she flew to Western Australia to patch up relations following the axing of the Western Force from Super Rugby. Also this week, she and sports lawyer Tim Castle presented a first-draft report to the New Zealand Rugby League from their independent review into the Kiwis' World Cup failure.
Advertisement
The past few days have been a whirlwind, says the game-changing sports administrator and New Zealand sporting champion, who after hardly missing an All Blacks vs Wallabies test since her childhood, admits she will now be cheering for the Aussies.
"When you start any new job, I describe it as drinking out of the fire hydrant. It comes flying at you a million miles an hour. You capture a lit bit of it and most of it goes rushing past," says Castle, 47.
"Over six months you realise you've got to a stage where you're drinking out of the garden hose and it's more manageable.
"So I'm on that journey. Really just trying to get out and meet as many people in the rugby community and stakeholders as possible."
That journey includes a four-day trip to WA, where there is a lot of emotion over the decision to drop Western Force from Super Rugby as the Australian teams in the competition drop from five to four.
"There have been some challenges and some people that are hurting a lot from the decision," she says.
"It's a chance to say we can't change that decision, but let's make sure that WA continues to be an important part of our rugby family."
One of the challenges is attracting and keeping players in rugby in the face of competition from other codes like league and AFL in sports-mad Australia.
With a population of about 24 million, it has "something like 80 professional sporting teams - all competing for athletes and sponsors and TV rights".
The chance to compete in a Rugby World Cup, one of the biggest sporting events on the planet, helped ensure "talented athletes see rugby as their future".
Castle grew up watching the New Zealand rugby side on TV alongside her Kiwis captain father and Commonwealth Games medallist mother at their East Auckland home. She has nothing but respect for "the legend that is the All Blacks".
But when the team next clashes with Australia, "there's absolutely no doubt at all that I'll be cheering for the Wallabies".
"I have spent an amount of time with (Wallabies coach) Michael Cheika already and I've spent time sitting down with (captain) Michael Hooper.
"I'm now part of that mix. So I want those people that I stand alongside, shoulder-to-shoulder with, to be successful."
Castle's vision of excellence extends off the field, where a number of young rugby and league stars have come publicly undone.
"The public landscape [in] which they perform and the amount of money they get paid means that for me it's not about role model and behaviour in the same sentence.
"It's about contracted value and recognition that when you get paid a large amount of money you represent an organisation and that means you have to make certain choices and behave in certain ways."
That includes respect of gender, sexuality and race.
Australia Chief Executive Officer Raelene Castle poses during a press conference at the Rugby Australia Building. Photo / Getty Images
"Being a respectful human being is something we should all strive to do. Equality and acceptance and inclusion are things that I'm really passionate about."
Being a woman had allowed her "the luxury of being able to take a different tone" in discussions with sports stars who have broken the rules.
"I've had a number of very, very difficult conversations over my time in rugby league. I think the difference is at the end of those very difficult discussions, you can stand up and give the player a hug - in a motherly way."
Castle is helping steer rugby league back to success at the highest level in her homeland, too, with the review she and Tim Castle (no relation) are carrying out into the Kiwis' 2017 World Cup campaign. The Kiwis crashed out after losing to Fiji in the quarterfinals.
The review's recommendations will be used by the NZRL to help with future World Cup campaigns and develop its high performance strategy for the next four years.
League in New Zealand was "a passionate and proud community", says Castle, who spent many Sunday afternoons at Carlaw Park with dad Bruce coaching the Mt Wellington Warriors and mum Marlene recording the statistics.
"[They] always want to see the Kiwis play well and perform. And particularly when you're playing a World Cup on home soil, their expectation is that you perform to the best of your abilities. And they felt that the team didn't.
"The challenge that we face is to try and find out why, and work out what the learnings are to make sure they can take that into their coming campaigns, be it World Cups or Anzac test matches."
League was part of her life from the outset. She was born in the New South Wales inland city of Wagga Wagga.
Bruce, a Kiwis loose forward and member of Auckland sides that beat Australia and Great Britain, was player-coach for Wagga Wagga's Turvey Park club.
The family returned to Bucklands Beach when she was 6 months old.
Life revolved around sport. Marlene was a lawn and indoor bowls international for New Zealand who won three Commonwealth Games medals and a world championship.
"Some of my earliest memories are getting up in the middle of the night to watch Challenge Cup finals, the All Blacks playing Wales," Castle says.
"The alarm would go off at 3 o'clock and we'd get up and Dad would make us a cup of tea. [That] definitely was what created the dreams for me around sport and what it could deliver."
Although both parents were "very low key", their prowess taught her and younger brother Ryan – who has competed in Ironman events and marathons – "to be proud to be competitive and want to do the best that you can do in whatever it is you take on".
Castle represented Auckland in tennis and netball in age-grade sides and was a New Zealand mixed-pairs champion in lawn bowls. She also played basketball, volleyball and touch.
She learned a valuable life lesson when she was cut from the Howick-Pakuranga under-18 netball side midway through the season, during her last year at Macleans College.
"I had to go back and say to my schoolmates I'd been dropped. So it was the dealing with the embarrassment. And the moment where you've got two choices.
"You either turn tail. Or you say, right, I'm going to prove that you were wrong, and train much harder and try and get selected the following year – which is what I managed to do.
"I'm an absolute believer that you learn a lot more from losing than you ever do from winning."
Graduating from Auckland University with a Bachelor of Commerce, she worked in key roles for Telecom, the Bank of New Zealand and Fuji Xerox.
She had extensive event management and sponsorship experience for the Rugby World Cups in 1995 and 1999; the Olympics in 1992, 1996 and 2000, and was a member of the marketing committee for the 2000 America's Cup.
A high point was travelling around New Zealand for three months with Sir Peter Blake to promote the America's Cup.
"I took that opportunity… to ask him a gazillion questions. He was very, very supportive and said whatever he could do to help me he would.
"I was incredibly devastated when he got killed, because he had been for me really iconic."
She was "thrilled" when she received a Sir Peter Blake Leadership award in 2011.
Castle moved to the sport sector when she was appointed chief executive of Netball New Zealand in 2007. Her corporate experience was vital in the role, she says.
"The reality of being a sports administrator these days is that they're big businesses.
"Rugby Australia is a A$120 million ($131m). You can't run a $120m business with 150 staff and 100 contracted athletes by not having had some robust commercial business experience."
Castle says she came into netball at the right time. "It was on the verge of moving into that professional era, it had great athletes."
All Blacks Outside Back, Israel Dagg gets quickly lost amongst Australian players in the high ball. Photo / Nick Reed
Highlights in her six years at Netball New Zealand included the Silver Ferns double extra time sudden-death win over Australia in the 2010 Commonwealth Games final - "the most extraordinary roller coaster of emotions to go through" - and the launch in 2008 of the ANZ Championship premier netball league. "[We] gave female athletes in New Zealand a chance to … make a living out of playing sport."
When Castle became the first female CEO of the Bulldogs in 2013, one of her roles was a traditional visit to the players' dressing room after each game.
Potential awkwardness was dispelled by players' acceptance, and particularly because of the way the club's Kiwis representatives - Greg Eastwood, Sam Perrett and Frank Pritchard - called her "Auntie".
"The Polynesian boys saw it as a way to be respectful, and that was … something that I really appreciated."
Having the support of players with "an enormous amount of mana" in the game was a really positive thing.
When the club made the 2014 NRL Grand Final, the local community at Belmore, where the team was based, "was blue and white – cars, houses, lampposts, lawns, people".
"They were incredibly proud. There was singing and dancing and drums every night.
"And whilst there's always a little piece of your heart that is broken because you ended up on the wrong side of the result [beaten 30-6 by South Sydney], you still have to be proud of being part of that. That was very special."
Club membership increased from about 14,000 to more than 20,000 during her five years there and the percentage of female membership lifted, she says.
Castle says her appointment as the first female CEO of an NRL club broke down barriers and created new possibilities.
"Many, many women over my time in Sydney have stopped me in the street, at functions, and said to me, 'We just are so proud of you.'
"And we believe now that we can do [a] job we didn't know… would ever be possible.
"They've got someone to prove that it's possible. I'm a new norm, really."
Castle has also been applauded by alopecia sufferers and their families for going public about her hair loss.
She suffers from alopecia areata, or spot baldness – a condition that first manifested in her mid-30s. Her hair fell out slowly and evenly, before growing back.
The condition returned more aggressively during her time at Netball New Zealand, when she lost her hair in "massive patches". "One side of my head had heaps of hair on it and the other side of my head was completely bald."
She wore a wig to cover the hair loss but when she was photographed wearing a hat indoors in the heat of Delhi for the 2010 Commonwealth Games, speculation grew she had cancer.
When she wore a more comfortable headscarf and hats at the Bulldogs when the condition flared a third time, she was attacked by online trolls.
"I had some terrible sledging on social media around when I was wearing a headscarf – about being lazy, and not getting up early enough to do my hair, and couldn't I have made an effort, and what did I think I was - a pirate?"
Castle opened up about her condition to dispel rumours of cancer, and that the stress of her high-profile jobs is making her lose her hair.
Alopecia areata is believed to be an auto-immune disease. Castle says changing diet, exercising and altering stress levels have no effect. Her hair "just grows back when it's ready".
But she is aware of the challenges especially for young women of the condition.
"There is no doubt there is still that expectation of females to be properly presented, and having no hair or a shaved head is very confronting for people."
She shares her story to make other sufferers realise they're not alone.
"I've had lots of young women reach out to me and send me notes, and stop me at functions, and say thank you very much."
Dealing with the condition "certainly builds a level of resilience", Castle says, a valuable quality in her high-profile, demanding positions.
Backing her in her career is partner of 11 years, New Zealand property investor Greg Jones, 52.
"These jobs are very difficult to do, and when you've got a partner that is supportive it makes an enormous difference."
The couple live in inner Sydney's Pyrmont, and Jones flies across the Tasman as needed for business.
He is "a massive rugby fan", Castle says. "He's excited about my new challenge and the fact that we're going to have to be watching more Super Rugby now."
"He's not so thrilled about the Wallaby connection when we're playing the All Blacks," she says, laughing. "But we'll see how we go with that one!"
Charles Leclerc has resumed his normal service in this afternoon's qualifying session by claiming his 8th pole position of the 2017 FIA Formula 2 Championship season at the Circuito de Jerez, easily grabbing the top spot with a time of 1:24.682 late in the session to deny the honours to Luca Ghiotto and Sergio Sette Camara.
Temperatures had soared from the morning's free practice session when the green lights shone to allow the drivers to be released, with Sette Camara leading his rivals onto the track: Nyck De Vries set the first competitive time at the 5 minute mark before Leclerc grabbed P1 from him, with Ghiotto and newcomer Alex Palou swapping 2nd place between them over the next few laps before Oliver Rowland displaced the local driver in the top 3.
Leclerc improved on his best time at the halfway mark in the session before joining most of his rivals in the pits: Sette Camara was running an alternate strategy and had the entire circuit to himself with 10 minutes remaining, allowing the Brazilian to reclaim his P3 before returning to the pits as his rivals re-emerged to continue the battle.
With 3 minutes remaining Ghiotto improved his time as Rowland returned to the pits, but so too did Leclerc: the Ferrari Academy driver knew he had it in the bag and came back to the pits with Ghiotto trying in vain to improve once again before accepting his fate and joining a rapidly filling pitlane as the clock wound down to zero.
Rowland was hoping for more but will have to make do with P4, out of the top 3 but ahead of Artem Markelov, Alexander Albon, Nobuharu Matusushita, Nyck De Vries, Nicholas Latifi and Norman Nato, all of whom were within a second of the top spot and will be hoping for better luck in tomorrow's feature race.
Regional hospitals must take strain off GPHC – Former CEO
By Brushell Blackman
Former Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of the Georgetown Public Hospital Corporation (GPHC),
Dr Carl ‘Max' Hanoman, says that the institution is under strain because enough efforts are not being placed on the upgrading of peripheral health care institutions across the country.
Additionally, Hanoman said that GPHC is in a ‘mess' administratively, and this too forms part of a plethora of problems that continue to bedevil the institution.
Dr Hanoman told Kaieteur News that the regional hospitals are not working to their optimum and serious efforts should be made to address this. He said that what obtains at present is that persons from areas where there are regional hospitals and health centres, come to the GPHC for treatment of medical conditions that their regional health facilities should be able to address.
It is Dr Hanoman's view that the GPHC should be a referral hospital and nothing else. He said that too many times, people journey long distances to access the services of the hospital to treat simple illnesses like the common cold.
The respected medical practitioner emphasised that this is one of the main reasons why the waiting time at the GPHC is one that leaves much to be desired. He said that unless this is addressed, patients will continue to bemoan the length of time it takes to access medical care at that institution.
Added to that, the former GPHC CEO said that there is a serious disconnect between the Accident and Emergency (A&E) Unit and the wards at that hospital. Hanoman said that when he was at the helm of the institution, he found that there was little coordination between the wards and the A&E.
He asserted that one of the reasons for the disconnect is the disunity among the staff at the institution. He said there are many instances where there are rifts between doctors, nurses and auxiliary staff, and this affects the quality of medical care.
Added to that, Hanoman said that GPHC has too many administrative staffers and also doctors. He said currently there is a shortage of nurses, and he is aware that efforts are ongoing to have more nurses serve the institution.
On the issue of excessive doctors at the GPHC, Dr Hanoman said that the hospital administration needs to decentralize. He said if it were up to him, he would transfer many of these doctors to the regional hospitals to improve the health care in those areas.
Hanoman is of the view that if the citizenry has confidence in the quality of care at these outlying institutions, many persons will not see the need to make the journey to the GPHC.
Moreover, he said that unless these issues are addressed, there will continue to be disquieted about the waiting time and the quality of care at that institution.
Hanoman said that he was not speaking out because he has any issues with anyone, but because he wants what his best for the institution and a profession that he loves dearly.
Millennial-Only Cruises to Set Sail in 2018
August 11th, 2017 by Sadie Gribbon
“No cruise for you!” U by Uniworld restricts new cruise lines to Millennials only
By Sadie Gribbon
Every stereotype you have ever heard about millennials is now being brought to you: cruise-ship-style. U by Uniworld has released their millennial-only cruise lines to launch in 2018; with craft coffee bars, yoga classes, unlimited wifi access and plenty of avocado toast to fit the bill.
The new cruise line age-restricts its passengers to 21 – 45-year-old travelers. While this pushes the millennial budget by ten years, it still gears all of the cruising amenities to the stereotypical millennial.
From the online brochure alone, a millennial can navigate their way into their perfect cruise by personality type. From “The Romantic” to “The Solo Flyer” to somewhere in between like “The Foodie” or “The NIght Owl” U by Uniworld's new lines seem to have something for every type of millennial.
The ship has single rooms with discount rates for shared and they are just as small as any other cruise ship with a range of suites for an additional cost, but that isn't nearly as important as the proposed experience outside of the room.
On board, Millennial heaven continues with silent disco parties where everyone wears headphones and dances to the same DJ set but can take them off to have a conversation, so hipster. On top of that, there are plenty of yoga studios and Paint and Wine classes, because what's the point of painting if wine isn't involved?
To conform to the sleep habits of an average Millennial, the daily excursions start later and the nightlife lasts longer. Coffee flows all day and rooftop party decks last all night. Off the boat, there's cheese tasting, rock climbing, wine making and festivals – like… a lot of festivals.
These strictly Millennial cruise lines don't come cheap, but that doesn't really matter when we are already drowning in student loans right? Cruise rates for excursions all over the globe begin at $1,699 and add up with each extra amenity.
The new cruise line has paved its own way, Millennial-style; by innovating a concept rather than creating a new one. Instead of having a “Godmother” of the ship, ex-Victoria's Secret Model/Angel Petra Nemcova was chosen to be the “Guardian Angel” of the new cruise ships.
“We're making history with this concept, so rather than follow the traditional ‘Godmother' path for each individual ship, we're paving our own way forward,” Ellen Bettridge, President and CEO of the lines parent-company Uniworld Boutique River Collection, said in a statement.
This idea is hard to grapple with and may leave many Millennials torn. As a generation that prides themselves on being independent from any labels, some Millennials may find this entire cruise concept to seem like another reason for Baby Boomers and Gen Xer's to make fun of them. On the other hand, the preconception of cruises being a retreat for older generations tends to be off-putting and this might just be the solution for Millennials. So which do we choose? Millennial cruises set sail in April 2018.
Sir, – Miriam Lord reports (“In his Seanad debut, Leo kept the flattery to a minimum”, February 2nd) that the Taoiseach, despite proposing to make a further attempt to reform the Seanad, will continue to nominate 11 senators because “that is a constitutional requirement”. Surely, five years after the referendum, and three years after the publication of the Manning report, it would be a better idea, rather than relying on yet another committee, to kick-start the long-awaited reform process by taking advantage of the May referendum on the Eighth Amendment by including an amendment to Article 18, which would abolish what is regarded by many as the most undemocratic feature of this institution. – Yours, etc,
MARTIN McDONALD,
Terenure,
Dublin 12.
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio (AP) — A state prison will use equipment seized from an illegal marijuana grower to cultivate vegetables for poor people.
The Vindicator of Youngstown, Ohio, reports tens of thousands of dollars' worth of hydroponic equipment seized by police in Campbell has been donated to the Trumbull Correctional Institution for the prison's inmate agricultural program.
Inmates at the maximum security prison in northeast Ohio grew 10,000 pounds of food donated to poor people last year.
The equipment was seized during a raid in Campbell last September in which police found 56 marijuana plants.
Advertisement
Campbell Mayor Nick Phillips says equipment found during raids is usually destroyed but was instead donated after a prison official asked for it.
Phillips says "it's nice to see good coming from bad."
___
Information from: The Vindicator, http://www.vindy.com
The US Treasury Department just gave Republicans ammunition that their tax cuts would pay for themselves.
But the one-page memo relies on a mathematical gimmick: It includes an assumption that tax cuts and other Trump administration policies would cause the economy to expand at a 2.9 per cent annual pace over 10 years.
Economic growth at that level would, in theory, be enough to keep the national debt from rising.
But most analyses have concluded that the Senate tax overhaul would add at least $1 trillion to budget deficits in the next decade because the analyses foresee significantly less growth resulting from the tax cuts.
Advertisement
The Treasury Department report enables President Donald Trump to claim that the Senate tax overhaul would pay for itself, even though outside analyses show otherwise.
When the same report tries to estimate how much growth the tax cuts would actually produce, it also finds that the national debt would likely increase by at least US$1 trillion during the next decade.
Many economists and tax experts were quick to dismiss the Treasury memo.
Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer called the administration's analysis "nothing more than one page of fake math."
"It's clear the White House and Republicans are grasping at straws to prove the unprovable and garner votes for a bill that nearly every single independent analysis has concluded will blow up the deficit and generate almost no additional economic activity to make up for it," Schumer said.
The estimates by Treasury and the Joint Committee on Taxation apply specifically to the Senate bill. Treasury noted that if separate projections of revenue were made for the House bill, the results would be similar.
"It's a joke," David Kamin, a law professor at New York University and former economic policy aide in the Obama White House, said on Twitter.
Sen. Ron Wyden, the ranking Democrat on the Senate Finance Committee, said, "It's no more than a thinly veiled attempt by the Trump administration to cover up an economic agenda that showers corporations with goodies while taking money and health care away from those who need it most."
Most economic analyses — including one by Congress' Joint Committee on Taxation — assume that the tax cuts would cause the debt to rise significantly because the cuts would fail to deliver significantly faster growth.
An analysis of the Senate plan released Monday by the nonpartisan Tax Policy Centre found that even after factoring in additional economic growth, deficits would rise by US$1.5 trillion over the next 10 years when including the additional interest costs.
A separate analysis by the Penn Wharton Budget Model found a similarly sized increase in budget deficits.
None of the top academic economists surveyed by the University of Chicago said the tax cuts would likely generate enough growth to pay for themselves.
The Treasury Department report, though, might provide a tool for Republican lawmakers to sell to a skeptical public tax cuts that largely help corporations and the wealthy.
"I feel very confident we're going to get this done ... at the end of the day we're going to get this to the president's desk and he's going to sign it," House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, said on Sunday in an interview on Fox News Channel.
Both Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and House Speaker Paul Ryan have said that the tax cuts wouldn't add to budget deficits.
- AP
Sullivan Building & Design, a prestigious firm in Talbot County, MD has announced that its staff has over seventy-five years of experience in the industry. According to Sullivan, its staff has derived expert knowledge of the building and design industry from its many years of experience. Sullivan went on to state that all of its staff members are able to use this knowledge to provide exceptional service to the Talbot County area.
Sullivan Building & Design went on to describe the services that its staff members are able to provide. Such services include design and construction for new homes and remodels; design and construction of additions, garages and outbuildings; custom modulars that allow homebuyers to purchase a home that meets their design wish list; design and installation of kitchens of all sizes; bathroom design and installation; full-service interior and exterior painting for homes and businesses; design and construction of porches and patios; installation of replacement windows; door installation; as well as an array of other services, including roofing, siding, flooring, and built in shelving and cabinetry. The company stated that it is able to customize its services to clients' needs.
Sullivan went on to state that among its knowledgeable staff members are in-house designers, who have years of experience with home design. Sullivan also stated that it works with a team of hand-picked subcontractors – from masons, to electricians, to plumbers, to roofers – who are reputed for honest and top-notch service in Talbot County. Sullivan also stated that, in addition to being highly experienced, it is also fully licensed and insured, as are all of the subcontractors that the company works with. Further details can be found at http://www.sullivanbuildinganddesign.com/projects.htm
Sullivan concluded by stating that its 75 years of combined experience means that it is able to creatively and expertly meet the needs of any homeowner or homebuyer in the Talbot County area. The company stated that it has experience with all aspects of home design, construction, and remodeling—and it will continue to use its expertise to serve Talbot County for years to come. https://www.facebook.com/Sullivan-Building-Design-855841861151292/
Contact:
Company: Sullivan Building & Design
Address: 21630 Camper Circle, Tilghman, MD 21671
Phone: (410)886-9906
Email: sullivanbuilding99@gmail.com
Website: www.sullivanbuildinganddesign.com
Yoav Gonen's Post scoop on the School Construction Authority's screwup is only the latest mess to plague the Food & Finance HS. The full history tells a grim tale of a dysfunctional school system.
Without notifying F&F administrators, the SCA transferred money earmarked to fund upgrades of the school science labs to cover cost overruns of a roof-top greenhouse(!) — an eye-popping $1.2 million.
At least $1 million of the cash had been earmarked for the labs by then-City Council Speaker Christine Quinn and Manhattan Borough President Gale Brewer. Yet the SCA refuses to account for its actions.
The snafu puts seniors at risk of not graduating on time in June. With no lab, they can't earn their Regents diplomas, says F&F's principal, Roger Turgeon.
But this is only the school's latest woe. In December, The Post reported that nearly all of F&F's kitchens had been inoperable since the previous June.
This past March, The Post's Selim Algar learned the entire campus housing Food & Finance and several other schools had been without hot water since 2014.
Then there was the time the aspiring chefs had to make due with an extended gas outage. Talk about “Hell's Kitchen.”
Adults at the Department of Education and the SCA have been failing these poor kids for years. And apparently, only the kids have had to suffer any consequences.
Then there's this: F&F has a graduation rate of 80 percent — but a college/career-readiness rate of just 13.4 percent.
After a homicide at a Bronx school last week, the issue of safety understandably was this week's education news. But peril in the halls is only the tip of a vast iceberg of failure.
Mayor de Blasio and Chancellor Carmen Fariña routinely insist that gradual improvement is all this school system needs. It's OK, apparently, to fail most of another generation of children.
by
While it is true that the Mid-Shore has benefited significantly from the number of affluent couples who have chosen to retire in Kent, Talbot, or Caroline Counties, there are an equal number of those over 65 years old who are some of the region's most frail and at-risk elders with their physical and mental health. With an estimated total of over 22,000, these individuals now faced even greater hardship as the threat of both federal and state funding caps on essential programs make it even more difficult keep pace with the cost of living and inflation.
This funding gap directly falls on the shoulders of one particular agency to fill these much-needed services to Mid-Shore elders, and that would be Upper Shore Aging, who has been doing just that for the last 43 years.
The Spy thought it would be a good time to sit down to check-in with Gary Gunther, who has been leading Upper Shore Aging for close to three decades, to understand more clearly their role in helping seniors. Gary has been one of the most consistent senior care advocates on the Shore as he and his agency face the ongoing challenge of providing essential services to the aging, manage three senior centers in Chestertown, Denton, Easton (and very shortly in St. Michaels) while continuing to run such well-used programs like Meals on Wheels and low-cost warm lunch meals to thousands in the region.
This video is approximately four minutes in length. For more information or to make a donation to Upper Shore Aging please go here
DETROIT (AP) — A newspaper reports that at least 40 girls and women say they were molested by a Michigan sports doctor over a 14-month period that the FBI was aware that Larry Nassar had been accused of molesting elite gymnasts.
The New York Times says the FBI became aware of Nassar in July 2015. But he wasn't publicly exposed until The Indianapolis Star published allegations by a victim in 2016.
Federal authorities in Michigan subsequently charged Nassar with child pornography crimes. Sexual assault charges were later filed by the Michigan attorney general.
Nassar has been sentenced to decades in prison and will get sentenced in another case Monday.
The Times says the FBI declined to answer detailed questions about its Nassar investigation. The FBI said allegations against Nassar “transcended jurisdictions.”
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Today we're finally bringing you the epic gaming battle between the Ryzen 7 2700X and Core i7-8700K that so many have been requesting. From AMD, the Ryzen 2700X packs 8 cores and 16 threads clocked between 3.7 and 4.3 GHz, depending on the workload. From Intel, the Core i7-8700K offers two fewer cores for a 6 core/12 thread configuration, but what this chip lacks in cores it makes up for in clock speed, operating at between 3.7 GHz and 4.7 GHz.
Both CPUs are unlocked, meaning they can be overclocked and we suspect many of you interested in either of these will be overclocking, so that's what we've done as well. However, it's worth noting that the 2700X is basically maxed out and as a result overclocking all cores to 4.2 GHz only boosted gaming performance by up to 5%, so it's really not worth it. With that said, in our tests we've squeezed maximum performance from both CPUs, so it's all fair game.
For testing the Core i7-8700K, we put together a rig featuring the Gigabyte Z370 Aorus Gaming 7 with 16GB of DDR4-3400 Samsung B-die memory using The Stilts timings. The CPU has been overclocked to 5 GHz and cooling it at that frequency is the Corsair Hydro Series H100i v2 inside the Corsair Crystal 570X.
Then for the Ryzen 7 2700X rig we have the Asus ROG Crosshair VII Hero with 16GB of DDR4-3400 Samsung B-die memory, again using The Stilts timings. The 2700X has been overclocked to 4.2 GHz and this time we're using the Corsair Hydro H150i Pro inside the Corsair Crystal 570X.
In total we have 35 games on the menu and each game has been tested at 720p, 1080p and 1440p using the GeForce GTX 1080 Ti.
Gaming Benchmarks
ARMA 3, Ashes of the Singularity, Assassin's Creed, Rainbow Six Siege, Battlefield 1
First up we have ARMA 3 and here the 8700K was 13% faster at 720p and 1080p when comparing the average frame rate. Once we reached 1440p though the GTX 1080 Ti starts to become the performance limiting component and as a result the margin shrinks to just 8% in favor of the 8700K.
For benchmarking Ashes of the Singularity the Crazy quality settings were used and this imposes a serious GPU bottleneck, even at 720p. That being the case both CPUs were able to maximise the GTX 1080 Ti at all three tested resolutions.
Ridding around the town of Alexandria in Assassin's Creed Origins saw the Core i7-8700K deliver up to 7% more performance at 720p but oddly 10% more at 1080p and then 11% at 1440p. It's extremely rare to see the performance margin grow as we increase the resolution, but then ACO is a strange animal at times.
Next up we have Rainbow Six Siege and here the 8700K was 12% faster at 720p for the 1% low result and 9% faster for the average frame rate. The margin erodes away almost considerably at 1080p, here the Core i7 processor was just 5% faster. Then at 1440p we see identical performance with both CPUs enabling extreme performance.
Testing with Battlefield 1 we find a fairly even fight, though at times it's advantage Intel. At the low 720p resolution the 8700K was up to 12% faster as the 2700X seems to cap out at 116 fps for the 1% low result.
Moving to 1080p we find similar margins for the frame time performance, here Intel was 11% faster. That said it was interesting to see the 2700X close up on the 8700K for the average frame rate, typically its the average frame rate where Intel pulls away.
Then finally at 1440p we're primarily GPU bound, even with the GTX 1080 Ti and here the 8700K and 2700X deliver an identical experience.
The good, bad and ugly of a wild college coaching carousel The carousel felt like it was spinning out of control for a while, but starting with UCLA (Chip Kelly) and ending with Oregon (Mario Cristobal), nearly 20 percent of college...
College team learns football fashion rule the hard way Florida A&M's odds were long before the Rattlers arrived in Arkansas to face the Razorbacks. A self-inflicted error made it even tougher. The Rattlers, an FCS school, wore illegal uniforms...
North Carolina survives first weekend with a serious scare GREENVILLE, S.C. — All that talk of redemption, getting revenge after last year's national championship game loss at the buzzer, was fading. Forget the Final Four, a Sweet 16 berth...
Seton Hall buried by bogus ref call in NCAA heartbreaker GREENVILLE, S.C. — Last year was disappointing. This year was well beyond that, somewhere between agonizing, heartbreaking and soul-crushing. A winnable game was lost. Instead of a second-round showdown with...
This is the moment Seton Hall's Core Four has waited for GREENVILLE, S.C. — This was the vision. This was the pitch. Come to Seton Hall, and recreate the glory days of the late 1980s and early 1990s. The Pirates' four...
Seton Hall: Why this NCAA Tournament trip will be different They were chanting “Woooo Pig Sooie” in Arkansas. The Seton Hall Pirates might have countered with a chant of their own: “Sooie Can Do It.” “We made a lot of...
Arkansas TE banned for stealing at bowl-sponsor store CHARLOTTE, N.C. — Arkansas senior tight end Jeremy Sprinkle was suspended for the Belk Bowl game Thursday night against No. 18 Virginia Tech after police accused him of shoplifting from...
My 10 favorite Final Fours, after 40 years of them HOUSTON — The first one, for me, was 1977. I was 10, and though I would spend most of my childhood obsessed with baseball, that was the winter I also...
How this sideline reporter wasted an NCAA finish for the ages If the standard-issue football sideline reporter had been atop Iwo Jima's Mount Suribachi when those five Marines and a Navy medic raised that US flag, there's little doubt her first...
by
After breakout performances in the Philadelphia Fringe Festival, the “new-style old-time” radio show sets up to transmit from Philadelphia to Chestertown, by way of Garfield Center veteran, Bill Arrowood, for just one evening, on Friday June 8 at 8pm.
Arrowood writes, “We have done several successful shows in Philadelphia, and I felt it was high time that I brought this show to the Garfield stage and share the fun we are having in the big city with all my friends back home.”
Liberty City Radio Theatre is a live radio show, with actors on stage taking on multiple roles recreating the golden era of the theater of the mind. Newly written and adapted episodes for modern audiences complete with on-stage sound effects and live music mix a dash of nostalgia, a pinch of noir and an ample smattering of wit, mixed and served for a delightful and delectable evening for all ages.
At the Garfield Center, Arrowood last produced the River City Revue; Cavalcade of Comedy in 2014, as well as the Christmas program, “Live from WVL, It's A Wonderful Life” in 2011. The current production is a melding of the two shows and features five unique short episodes, musical performances and even a chance for audience participation. Musical accompaniment provided by Music Life's Bill Drazga and a few other local surprises.
A portion of the proceeds from the show will be donated to KCHS Radio Station, WKHS, to preserve and educate a new generation of radio professionals.
Diabetes Prevalence by Type in the United States: CDC report
Share this content:
linkedin
google
Email
Print
Based on the weighted NHIS population, the estimated numbers of adults with type 1, type 2, and other diabetes types were 1.3 million, 21.0 million, and 0.8 million, respectively.
Previous national diabetes prevalence estimates did not distinguish between types among US adults, therefore, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) conducted a study in order to estimate the prevalence of diagnosed diabetes among adults in 2016 by primary type.
The researchers, led by Kai McKeever Bullard, PhD, used NHIS data from 2016 to identify US diabetes prevalence by type. The 2016 NHIS Sample Adult Core consisted of 33,028 adults aged ≥18 years, with a final response rate of 54.3%. Respondents were asked whether a doctor or health care professional had ever told them that they had diabetes, other than during pregnancy. Among those who said they had diabetes, questions were asked regarding age at diagnosis and insulin and oral hypoglycemic medication use. Adults who reported having type 1 diabetes but reported not using insulin were classified as having type 2 diabetes, as were persons who reported type 2 diabetes, unknown diabetes type, or who would not report diabetes type. Respondents who reported having another diabetes type were classified as having “other type.”
A total of 3,519 respondents reported having diabetes, including 211 classified as having type 1; 3,210 classified as having type 2 (including 182 who reported having type 1, but not taking insulin; 2,897 who reported having type 2; one who reported an unknown type; and one refusal); and 98 classified as having “other” type. The prevalences of type 1 diabetes, type 2 diabetes, and other diabetes types were 0.55%, 8.58%, and 0.31%, respectively. The weighted percentages of all diagnosed diabetes cases that were type 1 and type 2 were 5.8% and 90.9%, respectively; the remaining were other types. Based on the weighted NHIS population, the estimated numbers of adults with type 1, type 2, and other diabetes types were 1.3 million, 21.0 million, and 0.8 million, respectively.
The prevalence of type 1 diabetes was higher among men (0.64%) than among women (0.46%) and higher among non-Hispanic whites (whites) (0.67%) than among Hispanics (0.22%). By age group, the prevalence of type 2 diabetes was highest among adults aged ≥65 years and lowest among adults aged 18–29 years, and by race/ethnicity, was higher among non-Hispanic blacks (11.52%) than among non-Hispanic Asians (6.89%), whites (7.99%), and Hispanics (9.07%). The prevalence of type 2 diabetes decreased with higher levels of educational attainment.
“…this first study to estimate the prevalence of diagnosed type 1 and type 2 diabetes based on self-report and current insulin use among US adults provides information to track prevalence of diabetes by type to monitor trends and assess the burden of disease for education and prevention programs,” the authors concluded. “Knowledge about national prevalences of type 1 and type 2 diabetes might facilitate assessment of the long-term cost-effectiveness of public health interventions and policies aimed at improving diabetes management and help to prioritize national plans for future type-specific health services.”
Reference
Bullard KM, Cowie CC, Lessem SE, et al. Prevalence of Diagnosed Diabetes in Adults by Diabetes Type - United States, 2016. MMWR Morb Mortal Wkly Rep. 2018 Mar 30;67(12):359-361. doi: 10.15585/mmwr.mm6712a2
LONDON (CNNMoney) -- French workers have won the right to ignore business emails that arrive after hours.
A new labor law that took effect on Sunday gives employees the "right to disconnect" from email, smartphones and other electronic leashes once their working day has ended.
"These measures are designed to ensure respect for rest periods and ... balance between work and family and personal life," the Ministry of Labor said in a statement.
The rule requires companies with 50 or more employees to negotiate new out-of-office email guidelines with staff. Firms have a duty to regulate the use of emails to ensure employees get a break from the office.
If management and staff cannot agree on new rules, the firm must publish a charter to define and regulate when employees should be able to switch off.
French unions have long pushed for a "disconnect" rule, saying digital technologies have created an "explosion of undeclared labor" that is forcing employees to work outside the typical work week.
Some French companies have already put rules in place to bar employees from using their work devices after hours. Some firms even completely shut down their email systems overnight.
The email rule is the latest in a series of measures designed to overhaul France's labor laws.
The government last year introduced new rules that make it easier for employers to fire workers and reduce overtime pay. The changes resulted in crippling strikes.
The country's 35-hour work week has been in place since 2000, but various reforms have softened these rules over time and some industries are granted special exceptions.
France's economy has been stagnating for years and many multinational firms take a dim view of French business regulations.
The International Monetary Fund expects France's economy will grow by 1.3% this year, on a par with 2016.
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
MILAN (AP) " A look at Spal, Hellas Verona and Benevento as the promoted teams prepare for the start of the Italian league season this weekend.
___
SPAL
Few outside of Italy will have heard about Societa Polisportiva Ars et Labor, to give Spal its full name.
Advertisement
The northeastern club has spent a total of 21 seasons in Serie A and launched the career of Fabio Capello. Before going on to win titles as a player and coach with AC Milan, Juventus and Roma, Capello played in Spal's penultimate Serie A campaign in 1966-67.
It's been a long way back to the top flight for the first time since 1968.
Spal has also gone through bankruptcy and been refounded twice " in 2005 and 2012. But it managed to recover from that latest setback to climb back to Serie A in just five years thanks in part to back-to-back promotions.
In 2016, Spal reached Serie B for the first time since 1993. Then it surprisingly beat Hellas Verona to the title to gain promotion while boasting the most prolific attack and the third-best defense last season.
Coach Leonardo Semplici has been the mastermind behind Spal's climb up the leagues, after the former Fiorentina youth team coach took charge at the end of 2014.
Spal prided itself on having an all-Italian side. That is no more after Greek defender Marios Oikonomou and Brazilian center back Felipe joined in the offseason.
Italian forward Alberto Paloschi has also joined and he will be hoping to revive his career after disappointing spells at Swansea and Atalanta.
Semplici's team has a good mix of experience and youth, including 20-year-old goalkeeper Alex Meret, who was called up to the Italy squad last season.
___
HELLAS VERONA
Hellas Verona has bounced straight back up to Serie A, a year after being relegated from the top flight.
It will be a debut in the top division for coach Fabio Pecchia, however, who earned promotion in his first season in charge after stints as Rafa Benitez's assistant at Napoli, Real Madrid and Newcastle.
The 43-year-old Pecchia will look for advice to Alessio Cerci and Giampaolo Pazzini, who both have something to prove.
Cerci is looking to reboot his career after a dramatic loss of form following his departure from Torino three years ago, while Pazzini is hoping he can take his goal scoring exploits back to Serie A.
Pazzini has only scored 12 goals in his past three seasons in the top flight " including six in 30 appearances the season Verona was relegated " but the former AC Milan and Italy forward was given the captain's armband last season and responded with 23 league goals, making him top scorer in Serie B.
Pre-season preparations were overshadowed by the Antonio Cassano saga.
Cassano, who had not played football for more than a year joined Verona at the beginning of July but eight days later he informed the club he was retiring for family reasons before announcing he had changed his mind later that day. However, less than a week later he quit the club for a second time.
___
BENEVENTO
Benevento is the latest Italian side to enjoy a fairytale first-ever promotion to Serie A.
It will be hoping to avoid the fate of Carpi and Frosinone, who went straight back down two seasons ago, and instead emulate Crotone which pulled off the great escape last season.
It has been an incredible rise for Benevento which went bankrupt in 2005 and restarted in Italy's fourth division in 2007.
The southern club was in the third division as recent as 2015/16 but back-to-back promotions have lifted it into Serie A for the first time in its 88-year history.
Under Marco Baroni, Benevento also became the first club to win immediate promotion to the top flight in its first ever season in Serie B.
It did so by finishing fifth in the regular season and beating Carpi in a playoff final.
George Puscas scored the winning goal in that final and his loan from Inter Milan has been extended. Benevento will be relying on the Romanian striker for goals as well as Fabio Ceravolo, who netted 20 goals last season.
It has also brought in Colombian striker Alexis Zapata on loan from Udinese and midfielder Danilo Cataldi also on loan from Lazio.
Benevento is a town of less than 60,000 inhabitants to the north-east of Naples.
___
More AP Serie A coverage https://apnews.com/tag/SerieA
The Derby branch of the RSPCA is desperately trying to find a new owner for what is believed to be one of the oldest dogs in need of re-homing in the country.
Misty is an incredible 17 years-old, and is in search of a loving home where she can retire to with her old pal Rags, aged nine. In dog years they have a combined age of 136.
The pair have been in the shelter at Abbey Street for two months and while some of their friends have come and gone – this elderly pair of Jack Russell terriers have been overlooked.
Now the charity is looking to pair Misty and Rags up with older adopters as it reveals it can take more than three times longer to rehome a dog over the age of three than it does to rehome a puppy.
Misty and Rags came into the centre after their owner had a change of circumstances and could sadly no longer look after them.
A spokesman for the Derby RSPCA branch said: “While they may have a combined age of 28 - or 136 in dog years - these sweet terriers still have lots of love to give.
“Rags, nine, and Misty, an incredible 17, may be older pooches but are both healthy and active. We are currently looking after this canine couple but are desperate to find them a loving new home to enjoy their twilight years.
"Both are beautiful dogs who are looking for a new home where they can stay together as they share a very close bond.
"Although they are older dogs they are very healthy and also extremely active for their age so would need to go to a home where they could have plenty of walks. Both are sociable with other dogs and would be fine with children of all ages. They have also lived with cats in the past so could potentially live with them again.
"Since being at the centre we have found both dogs to be very loving and affectionate, they enjoy being out and about with you but also like to be snuggled up on your knee. They happily share a bed with each other and can often be found snoozing together in the sunshine. Both Rags and Misty are very well behaved for the vet and travel well."
The appeal comes as the charity reveals how older dogs take much longer to find a forever home. They say the average time to re-home a dog aged under six months is just over 15 days, for dogs aged six months to one year it is 29 days but for dogs aged over seven it is 48 days.
Dr Samantha Gaines, RSPCA dog welfare expert, said: “Sadly, many of our older and elderly dogs are overlooked. Puppies and dogs under a year of age seem to be rehomed much quicker and that is likely due to people's perceptions that they are more adaptable and will fit into their lives more easily.
“There is often a common assumption that older dogs and those approaching, or in, their senior years will need more specialist care and will have health problems. But that isn't always the case.
“Just like people, every dog is an individual and some of our senior pooches can be more active and playful than other younger dogs, while some are looking for a quiet, calm home where they can snooze on the sofa and potter around in a garden.
“The real message here is that we will always seek to match the right dog with the right home, and we're trying to raise awareness of the lovely golden oldies in our care who are patiently waiting for the paw-fect home to call their own.
“Having a dog can be of great benefit to people too. They can make excellent companions and encourage people to get out for a walk which can have an impact not only on our physical health but also, as recent research has shown, helps towards our feelings of happiness.”
The RSPCA rescued 8,009 dogs last year - that's nearly one every hour. For more information visit their online profiles or call 01332 344620.
The Palm Valley Residential Flats Located at Noida Extension Sec-1. The Palm valley Offers 1 BHK + Study Apartments. For More Details Call Us 928 999 7000.
Intro
Crystal Palace vs Huddersfield Town
1st Half
Please be aware of pop-ads. These ads are not hosted by us!
Sinn Féin has formally suspended Senator Máire Devine for three months after she retweeted a tweet referring to murdered prison guard Brian Stack as a “sadist prison officer”.
Brian Stack, an officer in Portlaoise prison, was shot in the neck in Dublin in 1983 by a member of the IRA and died 18 months after the attack.
A retweet by Senator Devine referred to his son Austin Stack, as the “Fianna Fáil son of a sadist prison officer”. The retweet has since been deleted from Senator Devine's Twitter account.
Sinn Féin said the party “strongly disapproves of what has happened. There can be no excuse for the hurt and offence which has been caused to the Stack family.”
Declan Kearney MLA, national chairman of the party, said the incident represented “unacceptable behaviour” on the part of an elected representative.
“The Ard Chomhairle has suspended, with immediate effect, Senator Devine from party membership and all party activities for a period of three months.
“The whip has been removed and Senator Devine will be outside of the Leinster House team for that period” he said.
Distress
Senator Devine apologised for retweeting the message: “It was never my intention to cause any distress or hurt, particularly to victims of the conflict. I want to offer my most sincere apologies to the family of the late Brian Stack.”
Austin Stack, who has campaigned for his father's murderer to be brought to justice, called the tweet “disgusting,” and said the party should go further and expel Ms Devine.
“The new SF president Mary Lou McDonald promised us a fresh start. She promised us that this sort of behaviour was in the past but as can be seen from the Barry McElduff affair and now this, we know that these low standards aimed at silencing their victims are still the norm within that organisation” said Mr Stack.
This is the latest political embarrassment for Sinn Féin. In January the party's Barry McElduff resigned as a Westminster MP following a controversial video he posted on Twitter with a loaf of Kingsmill bread on his head.
The video has tweeted on the 42nd anniversary of the Kingsmill massacre, where 10 Protestant workers were murdered by republicans in Co Armagh in 1976.
Our week of art begins with the Seasons of the St. Louis River Photo Contest at Barker's Island a chance to celebrate the beauty of the St. Louis River and the tireless cleanup efforts that make it possible.
On Friday, Allen Killian-Moore hosts Saltless Sea Cinema Presents: Flickerings, complete with short films shot and projected on actual 16mm film and "selected in secret under moonlight and revealed at the event."
Saturday, the Handmade Holiday Market gives you a chance to check out the work of local artists and craftspeople like
Glørud Design, Dave Hanlon, Karin Kramer and more at the Duluth Folk School.
Annie's art book recommendations continue this week with a tome called Monograph by Chris Ware. The promotional copy actually reads "A flabbergasting experiment in publishing hubris, Monograph charts the art and literary world's increasing tolerance for the language of the empathetic doodle directly through the work of one of its most esthetically constipated practitioners."
A feud between rival Minecraft gamers is behind a massive bomb hoax which saw 24,000 threatening emails sent to schools and colleges around the UK.
The emails were spoofed to look as if they had been sent by a gaming network called VeltPvP.
The emails were intended to cause the domain to be suspended for abuse - and are thought to have been sent by a group aiming to discredit VeltPvP.
Schools around the country were sent this bomb hoax email.
VeltPvP is a Minecraft player-versus-player server, of the type that businesses use to sell products to gamers.
Advertisement
Those involved in the feud claimed opponents have engaged in illegal activities in order to hinder one another's business.
"It is horrible, it's not the nicest thing," one of hoaxers involved said when asked whether he regretted the effect the letters had had on school children forced to evacuate.
Placing the blame on VeltPvP, the hoaxer said the network had enaged in a campaign of Direct Denial of Service (DDoS) attacks - which he alleges were used to try and shut down other rival Minecraft servers.
The hoaxer admitted to Sky News he was at risk of being arrested for his actions.
In a statement, VeltPvP said: "We've been being harassed by a group of cybercriminals that are trying to harass us in any way possible.
"We're extremely sorry for anyone who had to deal with this, but just know it's fake."
Hundreds of schools and colleges around the country received bomb hoax emails in a scare which is thought to have originated in the US.
More than 400 schools and colleges across the country received an email which claimed a bomb had been planted and would be detonated if cash wasn't handed over.
Police forces in London, Bristol, Liverpool, Bedfordshire and the the North East were among those investigating.
Parents at some schools have asked to be able to pick their children up amid fears over the emails.
Students at Bristol Free School said they were met by police officers at the gates this morning (UK time) and searched.
One pupil told the Bristol Post: "The police are currently searching our bags and persons for unknown items.
"We have been told not to leave the classrooms... we are scared and confused and have no idea what is going on."
Fake bomb threats were also received by 19 schools across Yorkshire and Lincolnshire.
Six schools across Hertfordshire were among those affected: Abbots Hill in Hemel Hempstead, Valley School in Stevenage, The Sele School in Hertford, Duncombe School in Hertford, Stanborough School in Watford and St Albans High School.
Hertfordshire Police say that at this stage there is nothing to suggest the threats are credible.
It is thought emails have been sent from the United States and claim that a device has been planted.
A spokesman said: "We take incidents of this nature extremely seriously and an investigation is underway. Anyone with information that may assist the investigation is asked to contact Hertfordshire Constabulary via the non-emergency number 101."
Detectives at Northumbria Police also said there was no "viable threat" to the schools this morning.
Signs were put up outside Cardinal Road School in Feltham.
A spokesperson for the force said: "We have received reports from a large number of schools in our region that they have received threatening emails.
"The emails inform the school that a bomb has been placed on the grounds and will be detonated if they don't hand over cash.
"Detectives have looked into the emails - which appear to originate from the US - and can confirm that there is no viable threat.
"Schools have been visited by police to reassure them that the incident is being treated as a hoax and address any concerns.
"We take all incidents of this nature extremely seriously and an investigation into the emails in question are under way."
Det Supt Tony Cockerill, of Humberside Police, said: "We have been liaising with our counterterrorism colleagues across the country and it is not believed that the threats are credible.
"We have spoken to all schools who have contacted us, reassured them that there is no need to evacuate and offered them security advice."
The Met Police confirmed they were "fielding multiple calls" this morning from all over London in relation to the situation.
A spokeswoman said: "Police are investigating reports of communications made to a number of schools across London on Monday, March 19.
"There have been no arrests. Inquiries are ongoing."
Real Estate is a vast business area where the scope of getting success is equal to the getting into the trouble. The Federal system of the USA always regulates the Real Estate business and its associated business peers as it defines the country's economy in a great way. Not only the Federal law system, State and Local Law systems also have their own part in governing the Real Estate Business with ‘Real Estate Law'. So every person related to the Real Estate business, whether it is a Real Business developer, contractors, seller or buyer, renter, homeowner or landlord, they have to deal their business by the law.
Real Estate Law
Real Estate Law is a law branch which deals with the usage and possession of the Land in an area. In the USA, every state has its own set of laws to control the land use in the state. There are two main categories of Real Estate business, such as Commercial Real Estate business and Residential Real Estate Business. Each of the business has separate rules and laws. With strict rules and the law governing in this business, it is very difficult to handle any mistakes as everything has to deal with government laws. So if you are a Real Estate Business people and worried about legal problems in your business, then it is imperative to hire Competent Real Estate Attorneys to get legal assistance.
Real Estate Attorneys
The Real Estate Attorneys are the legal counsels who are experienced in handling the Real Estate law related cases. They are the skilled real estate practitioners having the knowledge and experience to solve the real estate disputes and problems. From Real Estate acquisition, Investments, Development, Finance to disposition, the real estate lawyers will provide their guidance and advice to help the clients in the real estate business. The following are some of the areas where the Real Estate attorneys will provide their service;
– Residential and Commercial Real Estate Closings
– Leasing issues for both Landlord and tenant
– Landlord and tenant disputes
– Real Estate Financing
– In Title acquisition and insurance
– Title Disputes
– Preparing the Contracts
– Homeowner Association documents
– Foreclosures and Liens
– Purchase and sale of property and lot more
Real Estate Attorney by your side in the business process will be very helpful for you and growth of the business with fewer worries and legal problems. So hire Competent Real Estate Attorneys near Pine Island to help your real estate business in Pine Island. For more information, visit http://www.knott-law.com/
A Research Study Titled, “Healthcare Cybersecurity Market By End User (Pharmaceuticals & Chemicals, Medical Devices, Health Insurance,Hospitals & Other End Users), Type Of Threat ( Malware, Ddos, Advanced Persistent Threats (Apt), Spyware, Lost Or Stolen Devices, Other Types Of Threat) And Type Of Solution (Identity And Access Management, Risk And Compliance Management, Antivirus And Antimalware, Ddos Mitigation, Security Information And Event Management (Siem), Intrusion Detection System (Ids)/Intrusion Prevention Syst”, Published By Crystal Market Research
Market Highlights:
The Healthcare Cybersecurity Market is expected to witness considerable growth over the forecast period during the forecast period. The worldwide healthcare cybersecurity market is anticipated to establish a solid framework on the developing need of system security, a kind of IT security generally looked for by healthcare associations. Access control and distributed denial-of-service (DDoS) relief is a portion of the very modern kinds of system security arrangements that guarantee insurance. In addition, the end-client consumption on these arrangements is anticipated to keep seeing an ascent because of its mounting awareness. In 2016, network security displayed a ruling execution in the market. Different sorts of security, for example, remote, cloud, and application could likewise add to the general development.
Request a Sample of this Report @ https://www.crystalmarketresearch.com/report-sample/HC061041
Regional Outlook and Trend Analysis
North America is expected to witness considerable growth over the forecast period. Major factors crediting to its huge offer incorporate a high number of assaults focusing on the associations in that locale, the nearness of different fortune 500 medicinal services associations, and high spending on research and development. Furthermore nearness of computerized persistent records, high employments of organized gadgets are additionally adding to the territorial development. The energetic monetary development and innovative progressions in that district give plentiful chances to criminals to hack into the systems and take significant information.
Competitive Insights
The leading players in the market are Symantec, Trend Micro, Cisco, IBM, Paulo Alto Networks, Lockheed Martin, MacAfee, FireEye, Northrop Grumman and others. The major players in the market are profiled in detail in view of qualities, for example, company portfolio, business strategies, financial overview, recent developments, and share of the overall industry.
Healthcare Cybersecurity Market – By Region:
Middle East and Africa (Saudi Arabia, UAE, Egypt, Nigeria and South Africa)
North America (U.S, Canada, Mexico)
Europe (Germany, France, UK, Italy, Spain, Rest of Europe)
Asia-Pacific (Japan, China, Australia, India, South Korea, Rest of Asia-Pacific)
Rest of the World (Brazil, South Africa, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, Others)
Table of Contents
Introduction Executive Summary Market Overview
3.1. Introduction
3.1.1. Market Definition
3.1.2. Market Segmentation
3.2. Market Dynamics
3.2.1. Drivers
3.2.2. Restraints
3.2.3. Opportunities
Market Analysis by Regions Healthcare Cybersecurity Market, By End User Healthcare Cybersecurity Market, By Type of Threat Healthcare Cybersecurity Market, By Type of Solution
7.1. Introduction
7.2. Global Healthcare Cybersecurity Revenue and Market Share by Type of Solution (2014-2018)
7.2.1. Global Healthcare Cybersecurity Revenue and Revenue Share by Type of Solution (2014-2018)
7.3. Identity and Access Management
7.3.1. Global Identity and Access Management Revenue and Growth Rate (2014-2018)
7.4. Risk and Compliance Management
7.4.1. Global Risk and Compliance Management Revenue and Growth Rate (2014-2018)
7.5. Antivirus and Antimalware
7.5.1. Global Antivirus and Antimalware Revenue and Growth Rate (2014-2018)
7.6. DDoS Mitigation
7.6.1. Global DDoS Mitigation Revenue and Growth Rate (2014-2018)
7.7. Security Information and Event Management (SIEM)
7.7.1. Global Security Information and Event Management (SIEM) Revenue and Growth Rate (2014-2018)
7.8. Intrusion Detection System (IDS)/Intrusion Prevention System (IPS)
7.8.1. Global Intrusion Detection System (IDS)/Intrusion Prevention System (IPS) Revenue and Growth Rate (2014-2018)
7.9. Other Types of Solution
7.9.1. Global Other Types of Solution Revenue and Growth Rate (2014-2018)
Healthcare Cybersecurity Market, By Region Company Profiles
9.1. Cisco
9.2. IBM
9.3. FireEye
9.4. Symantec
9.5. Trend Micro
Global Healthcare Cybersecurity Market Competition, by Manufacturer
10.1. Global Healthcare Cybersecurity Revenue and Market Share by Manufacturer (2016-2017)
10.2. Global Healthcare Cybersecurity Price by Region (2016-2017)
10.3. Top 5 Healthcare Cybersecurity Manufacturer Market Share
10.4. Market Competition Trend
Healthcare Cybersecurity Market Forecast (2018-2023)
Check discount offer for Report click on the link @ https://www.crystalmarketresearch.com/check-discount/HC061041
What Our Report Offer:
1) An extensive research study on the Global Healthcare Cybersecurity Market, and its entire ecosystem, describes the market trends, drivers, restraints and opportunities of the Healthcare Cybersecurity Market.
2) We provide you the longest possible market segmentation based on type of products, procedures and geography and describe the market share region wise.
3) The report gives a bird eyes view on the competitive landscape which includes mergers and acquisitions, collaborations, market strategies, and new product launches.
By Soni Daniel
Kano State government has approved N4 billion for the construction of underpass and flyover that will connect Zaria Road/Silver Jubilee and Zoo Road in the metropolis.
In a statement in Abuja on the outcome of the 11th State Executive Council, SEC, meeting presided over by Governor Abdullahi Ganduje, the Commissioner for Information, Youth and Culture, Malam Muhammad Garba, said the project was aimed at reducing carbon emission and road accidents and to beautify the state capital.
Mohammed said: “Already, the government has begun the reconstruction, expansion, rehabilitation and upgrading of existing roads in the state in addition to the completion of the underpass at Sharada/Panshekara Road Junction, which has been completed and commissio-ned by President Muhammadu Buhari.”
Malam Garba said other council's approval included $36,000 being payment of project fees to 18 admitted state-sponsored students in El-Razi University, Sudan; procurement of bed sheets for 31 secondary health facilities at N39 million; reconstruction work of Dawakin Kudu-Lahadin Makole Road in Dawakin Kudu Local Government at over N748 million.
Others, he said, included expansion/repairs of Giginyu-Kawo-Eastern Bypass Road in Nassarawa Local Government; rehabilitation works/upgrade of Fagwalawa Primary Healthcare Centre to Cottage Hospital at N588 million and 230 million, respectively.
MIAMI INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT, FLA. (WSVN) - Passengers arriving in to South Florida from Cuba experienced some frightening moments when, officials said, their plane touched down with a blown tire, Friday afternoon.
Officials said the Dynamic Airways Flight 253 from Havana landed at Miami International Airport with the disabled tire, just before 1:30 p.m.
The aircraft made it safely to the gate.
No one on board was hurt.
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Yanez: Eugene must help students feel safer
What the heck is going on in Eugene? Recently, there has been a string of armed robberies near campus, more harassment and more sexual assault reported within UOPD beats. Despite the numerous resources campus provides, students have come to terms with a very uncomfortable truth: It is no longer safe to travel around campus at night. What can we do to make ourselves safest at night? What is UOPD doing to make us safer? What else can be done?
Tips for students traveling at night
Safe Ride and the Designated Driver Shuttle are a resource provided by the University of Oregon and ASUO to give students a safe alternative to drunk driving and walking home at night. This is a great resource for students to have, but it's not big enough for every student to be able to get a ride in a reasonable amount of time. For perspective, it's not uncommon for Safe Ride to take an hour or two to get to your location. This isn't necessarily an issue with Safe Ride. Rather, it concerns the large demand for rides.
UOPD can provide safety escorts, but again, it's not a big enough resource for students to actually use in a timely manner. It also offers self-defense classes for women. UOPD is testing a pilot campus shuttle that makes runs to and from campus much like a bus, but this still leaves students as sitting ducks just as LTD does with its busses. A map of all shuttle stops, which also gives an approximated position of the shuttle, is available online.
Ultimately, the best advice is to never travel alone at night. This is, of course, an ideal situation and isn't realistic for many students.
Having been previously licensed by the Oregon Department of Safety Standards and Training (DPSST) as unarmed security, there are a few tips that I can offer to students traveling at night.
Students who wish to carry pepper spray should consider buying a spray that includes an ultraviolet marking dye. This way, whenever UOPD or Eugene Police finds someone that fits the description you've given them, they can use an ultraviolet light to confirm that you sprayed them. Most sprays that I've seen cost around $10 or less. Just remember to never use it indoors. If you have a little higher of a budget, stun guns are allowed on campus. As always, a little common sense can go a long way with such devices.
Before you buy any personal protection devices, you should be aware of all legal liabilities and consequences that are associated with them. Read the weapons policy and consider taking a class in how to handle such devices. Students with additional questions surrounding personal protection devices are encouraged to call the UOPD non-emergency line at 541-346-2919. University policy and code of conduct questions should be directed toward the Office of the Dean of Students.
If carrying such a spray is not appealing to you, I suggest buying a powerful flashlight. I still have my large MagLite from my security job and have used it several times in poorly lit areas. This helps for two reasons: 1. You can actually see an attacker and identify them better for police. 2. A powerful flashlight can be used to temporarily blind an attacker. While a flashlight like I sometimes carry is suitable for self-defense, remember that your primary goal is to get home safely; don't try to win a fight just because you think you can.
UO can only do so much
If we increase the amount of security or police officers around campus, we could expect to pay even more than we already do in tuition and fees. Allowing those with concealed weapons permits to carry such devices on campus would allow specific people to make their own investments in campus security if they don't already possess a concealed weapon permit. Part of what prevents this from happening is a policy adopted by the Board of Trustees that was first implemented by the now disbanded Oregon University System. For those who do not wish to go that route, this is a good case in favor of rideshare companies like Uber or Lyft returning to Eugene.
UO wants people to know where the lighted paths are on campus: It offers a night option on its online map. Campus appears to be committed to fixing issues to the point that you can even drop a pin on the online map and tell the university about a lighting, hardscape, landscape or other issue that you may be encountering in a specific area of campus. Students should take advantage of this reporting system to let the university know what parts of campus need more of a security presence (choose to report an “Other” problem and explain what's going on).
A suggestion I have for UO is to consider installing emergency call boxes in more areas that aren't main campus. Spencer View Apartments — family housing for UO students — doesn't have any. Barnhart Hall and Riley Hall also don't have any emergency call boxes nearby. One might assert that we have many emergency call boxes, many of which aren't used, but looking at the online map provided by the university (on night mode) raises some questions about the current call boxes. For example, why does UOPD have four call boxes around them while the northwestern side of campus has a noticeable hole where these call boxes seem to require a job to get to?
Eugene needs to get involved
Making students safer is more than a responsibility for the university; the City of Eugene needs to be involved in providing more street lights and safer bike lanes. Walk down Alder Street past E. 19th Avenue and you'll find what looks like a large, unlit corridor. The same can be said for the many areas that students live at around east campus down Villard, Orchard, or even around E. 24th Avenue. For other examples, students don't have to travel very far off campus. Next time you're out with friends, take a look at how dark some of the sidewalks are in these areas.
The City of Eugene is currently having its own crisis with a lack of police officers. According to the Associated Press, Eugene Police ignored one-third of the daily service calls it received in 2017. Luckily, the Eugene City Council has opened the door to potentially allowing Uber and Lyft to return to Eugene.
Eugene Mayor Lucy Vinis acknowledged that college students need a way to get back and forth at night and hopes to see the rideshare companies back in Eugene by summer. While it's promising to see the city working to bring back ridesharing after a four-year absence, Mayor Vinis also said, “We want to make sure that we have a safe system, and so we don't want to trade one unsafe situation for another.” University of Oregon Police Chief Matt Carmichael said that he has been working with the university to encourage the city to allow ridesharing.
Students shouldn't be satisfied just yet
According to UOPD, there have been more than 70 incidents on or near campus property between 9 p.m. and 2:59 a.m. since Jan. 1, 2018. Of the incidents reported, 40 of them were quality of life incidents (drugs and alcohol, disorder, etc.), 29 of them were property incidents (theft, trespassing, etc.) and three of them were violent incidents.
Chief Carmichael issued a statement Friday saying, “UOPD is working with EPD, sharing information and planning, and I have directed our detectives to prioritize these cases.” He also stated that extra officers have been added to the patrol shifts at night. Chief Carmichael even posted his cell phone number for students with questions and suggestions.
If you are a victim of any crime, I urge you to report it to UOPD as soon as possible, so campus can at least have an accurate picture of which areas need more protection. While it's nice to see our own police department taking action, students should put pressure on the city to do more, as our university is one of the largest employers in the county. Now is the time for us to take preventative measures and use any means necessary to make getting home safe.
Donating to the Daily Emerald We need you to support our mission. Please donate to independent non-profit student journalism.
Donate
Comments
Tell us what you think:
Cyril Abiteboul has admitted Jolyon Palmer is under "pressure" to "deliver" for Renault in 2017.
The British driver is yet to score a single point versus teammate Nico Hulkenberg's 18 so far, amid rumours he could be ousted mid-season.
"Jolyon must deliver," boss Abiteboul told the French broadcaster Canal Plus.
"He has a contract for the year, now he has to deliver like everyone else," he added.
"The obligation was first on the team — we had to give him a car that runs well to allow him enough kilometres to do a good job on the weekend, which we did.
"There was really our priority to have reliability, which was putting pressure on us. We put pressure on him as well but it must be positive.
"So I will not start making threats on a driver who does not need that at this stage," Abiteboul said.
Index Markets Research offers a detailed research on Global Grass Seed Market with the future prospects of the market to provide the current state and emerging trends in the market. The report covers methodical outlook by considering aspects such as market growth, market demands, business strategies, consumption volume, market trends and industry cost structure during the forecast period 2018-2025. New vendors in the market are facing tough competition from established international vendors as they struggle with technological innovations, reliability and quality issues. The Prominent Manufacturers included Hancock Seed, Pennington Seed, The Scotts Company, Barenbrug Group, Turf Merchants, Green Velvet Sod Farms, Bonide, Jonathan Green, Pickseed, PGG wrightson Turf.
The Grass Seed Market report includes a brief on these trends that can help the businesses operating in the industry to understand the market and strategize for their business expansion accordingly. The research report analyzes the market size, industry share, growth, key segments, CAGR and key drivers. In this part, the report presents the company profile, product specifications, capacity, production value, and 2013-2018 market shares for each company. Through the statistical analysis, the report depicts the global total market of Grass Seed industry including capacity, production, production value, cost/profit, supply/demand and import/export. The total market is further divided by company, by country, and by application/type for the competitive landscape analysis.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-grass-seed-market/10134/#requestforsample
The Grass Seed Market report gives a description of the competitive nature of the market, market shares, and its growth rates based on 5-year history data along with company profile of key players/manufacturers. The Porter's Five Forces model and the SWOT analysis are also a fraction of this study so as to assist businessmen in recognizing the spirited background of the market. This is The market report integrates a study of the investment charisma of the market, and the end consumers have been standardized based on their general attractiveness, rate of development, and size of the market.It provides overview with growth analysis and historical & futuristic cost, revenue, volume delivered (in kilo tons) and the income it produces (in US$), demand and supply data (as applicable). The research analysts provide an elaborate description of the value chain and its distributor analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Grass Seed Market Products Type Segmentation : Cool Season Grass, Warm Season Grass.
Grass Seed Market Applications Segmentation : Landscape Turf, Golf Turf, Others.
Key Highlights of the Grass Seed Market :
1) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
2) Analyze the opportunities in the market for stakeholders by identifying the high growth segments.
3) It depicts parameters such as production value, capacity in a statistical format that is accurately fathomed by the readers.
4) Strategically analyze each submarket with respect to individual growth trend and their contribution to the market.
5) Strategically profile the key players and comprehensively analyze their growth strategies.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-grass-seed-market/10134/#inquiry
In the conclusion, The Grass Seed market downstream consumer analysis, upstream raw materials, different types of equipment are concealed in the report. Research findings, conclusions, industry feasibility analysis, vendors and traders involved, appendix data and figures in the form of tables, graphs, and pie-charts.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
A kayaker missing since lunchtime yesterday off the Far North coastline has been found alive in his craft by a boatie this morning.
A large-scale sea, shore and air search was launched this morning in the Doubtless Bay area after the man failed to return from an ocean paddle.
Coastguard spokeswoman Georgina Smith said a boatie spotted the missing kayaker in the sea in the past hour and plucked him to safety.
He was safe and was being brought back to a local beach.
Coastguard Northern air patrol and Whangaroa Rescue launched a search at first light for the overdue paddler.
Police say the man, in his early 30s, left from Cable Bay and had not returned.
Smith said the alarm was raised last night. An extensive search was mounted this morning involving Coastguard, police search and rescue, and Far North LandSar volunteers.
The paddler was last seen heading into the bay yesterday and had not been seen or heard from since.
Smith said searchers were initially focusing on the greater Doubtless Bay area.
A police spokeswoman said police were told at 8.50pm the man had not come back from his ocean paddle.
- NZ Herald
CLEVELAND (AP) — A Muslim-American radio host has received a court judgment in his favor in his federal lawsuit against a neo-Nazi website publisher because the defendant never responded to the Ohio case in court.
Dean Obeidallah accused The Daily Stormer's publisher, Andrew Anglin, of falsely labeling him as the "mastermind" behind a deadly bombing at concert in England last year.
Cleveland.com reports neither Anglin nor any attorney for him responded, so the court entered a finding of default Tuesday. Obeidallah's attorneys said they had tried unsuccessfully to reach or locate Anglin or his legal representative through emails, private investigators and notices in a Columbus-area legal publication.
Obeidallah didn't request a specific amount of damages. In that situation, judges typically have a hearing to determine the amount.
Advertisement
No such hearing has been scheduled.
___
Information from: cleveland.com, http://www.cleveland.com
BATON ROUGE, La. (WSVN) — A heartwarming photo is going viral, showing a group of young men stopping their basketball game in a show of respect for a passing funeral procession.
Lynn Bienvenu and her sister Johanna Stroud traveled to Franklinton, Louisiana, in order to attend the funeral of their cousin, Velma Kay Crowe.
As the funeral procession drove by a local middle school, a group of teenagers playing basketball stopped their game, dropping to their knees in an impromptu display of respect for the mourning family.
The sisters were so moved by the gesture that they took a photo of the boys kneeling and posted it to Facebook.
“They took a knee not out of disrespect, but out of honor,” Bienvenu wrote in her post. “There was not an adult in sight to tell them to stop playing.”
The picture has since spread quickly online, with over 1,700 shares. She said some of the boys messaged her on Facebook to give their condolences.
Bienvenu soon learned the names of the boys in the photo, and wanted to recognize them for their kindness. They are identified as Shimar Davis, Shimon Davis, Edward James, Brandon Burton, Quindon Harris, Stacy Ard, James Bickham, Avant Money, Malachi Martin and Kalarrian Dillon.
Locals said the school is on a main road where processions often pass by. According to WAFB, coaches and teachers at the school make a point to teach the students the importance of showing respect for funeral processions.
“This meant a great deal to our family,” Bienvenu said. “May God bless each one as I feel they will achieve greatness.”
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Outsourcing software development often occurs when a company can gain profit from sending work to external specialists.
However, there are other important advantages to outsource than employing someone. When considering whether to outsource software development, the following merits and demerits should be taken into consideration:
Merits of Outsourcing
Cost factor: Cost is the utmost reason for outsourcing software development. It tends to be cheaper than paying for in-house employees. The average cost of a software developer is quite less in India as compared to the countries like the USA, UK or Germany.
Time-Saving: Outsourcing software development company can be helpful for meeting deadlines. Generally, software companies work on a project-by-project basis due to which project doesn't meet its deadline. For this, you can outsource certain aspect of the project to the professionals which save your time and money.
Low Risk: Outsourcing software development from professionals results in better quality and emphasis on product design and management. Their skills and expertise will deliver a flawless project.
Access: If your developer is sick or on vacation your project might be on hold. But while outsourcing software development you are likely to have multiple people who are dedicated towards your project.
Demerits of Outsourcing
Project stability: Many outsourcing software development companies lack in good management. It is often seen that employees come and go. This may complicate the project work as the consistency is disturbed.
Low quality: Hiring low professional outsourcing software development company can lead to a low quality product. There will be a chance of getting poor performance. In case you don't have any idea about outsourcing company, try to rely on the references.
The main thing about outsourcing to software development companies is choosing the right business partner initially. Get all the data and information and check out the ratings to take the right decision. Pay attention to previous reviews, both the good and bad in order to make accurate predictions.
To know more about outsourcing software development benefits, consult Suma Soft, a one-stop solution for outsourcing software development projects. Outsourcing software development at Suma Soft will improve your business productivity. Feel free to know for details, Click here-https://goo.gl/Rv3hbh
Contact Us:
Call : +1 281 764 1825
Name: Rick Cooper
Email : info@sumasoft.com
website: www.sumasoft.com
This 2016 photograph shows candy bars marked with Colorado's required diamond-shaped stamp noting the product contains marijuana. State officials require the stamp to be put directly on edibles after complaints that the treats look too much like their non-intoxicating counterparts. David Zalubowski AP
MOSCOW (AP) " Russia's space agency says an unmanned cargo ship has been launched en route to the International Space Station.
Roscomos said in a statement that the Progress ship, carrying 2.5 metric tons (2.75 tons) of supplies, blasted off from the Baikonur launch complex in Kazakhstan on Wednesday. It reached orbit and is to dock with the space station on Friday.
The ship is carrying water, food and scientific equipment among other items.
To express eternal love on special occasions, most of the men prefer to buy diamond rings. Especially on engagement time, diamond ring play an important role. There is a lot of choice in these engagement rings where you can actually buy an engagement ring setting and choose the diamond of your choice for a complete look.
Variety of engagement ring settings are available in the market that suits to your personal style.
Some of the famous engagement ring settings include prong setting where two or more prongs are used to secure the diamond in place and is the best suitable for princess diamonds. Channel settings allow the diamonds to be placed between the two walls creating a channel for the diamonds or gem stones that are nestled without any metal in between and there is also bar channel setting, pave setting and also the bezel setting that holds the diamond by the griddle.
Based on the ring settings you can choose suitable diamonds or can select the diamond based on size and shape you prefer that perfectly blend the couple. You can also find engagement ring settings for your diamond like the cushion cut halo settings, round cut settings, princess cut settings, emerald cut settings and also the ring settings for Marquise cut diamonds. These marquise diamond features an elongated, curved shape and pointed ends that generally make the diamond look bigger than other diamonds of the same carat size. In case you are looking for a diamond that looks prominent for the engagement ring you can go for the Marquise cut diamonds.
Whatever might be your choice finding a reliable seller is very important while buying diamonds or engagement rings to ensure you get the value worth your money. You should only look out for the sellers who certify the diamonds sold by them either by GIA, AGS, HRD or GCAL so that you can be assured about the quality, cut and price of the diamond without any doubt.
If you are searching for the Radiant Cut Diamonds, then you are at the right place. Petragems offers Cheap Engagement Rings, Loose Diamonds, Diamond Ring Settings, Wholesale Engagement Rings. For more details about Princess Cut Diamonds, please visit us at https://www.petragems.com/create-build-your-own-custom-engagement-ring/
Contact Details:
Petragems.com
6865 Tall Oaks Dr, 3b
Kalamazoo
MI
Michigan
49009
United States
+1.269-365-5052
Deadspin
Jed York Finally Ensures No Good Coach Will Work For Him Any Time Soon
Industry Overview
Global Military Laser Systems Market Research Report – Forecast to 2021” – Market Analysis, Scope, Stake, Progress, Trends and Forecast to 2021.
Military Laser Systems, which are fast gaining prominence in lethal weapons sector, have been under development for decades now. With the changing nature of warfare, there has been a rise in demand for efficient and lethal weapons with high precision and accuracy and ability to annihilate distant enemy tanks. These laser systems have high intensity and low divergence, which has made it a popular choice of weapons in times for warfare. Moreover, increasing support and initiatives from the government for strengthening their defense is another factor boosting the growth of Military Laser Systems Market.
LASER is an acronym that stands for “light amplification through the stimulated emission of radiation.” Lasers work by exciting the atoms, molecules, or ions in a medium—think gases, chemicals, fibers, or diodes—until they emit light at exactly the same wavelength. That light is then channeled into a narrow beam by a resonator, and then directed at a target. In other words, lasers are essentially narrow beams of focused light that do damage by heating the target. They can burn holes in aircraft skins, the hulls of small boats, or the human body. They can heat artillery shells in midair, causing them to explode, or the storage containers at a fuel dump until the fuel ignites.
According to a recent study report published by the Market Research Future, Globally, the Market For Military Laser Systems has increased its market growth in recent years and is expected to grow at a rapid pace during the forecast period (2017 – 2021). The global market of Military Laser Systems is forecasted to witness a thriving growth by 2021, surpassing its previous growth records in terms of value with a striking 10 % CAGR during the anticipated period (2017 – 2021).
The growing need for high precision weapons, emerging demand from law enforcement and defense agencies, investment on R&D related to military laser systems are the factors driving the market growth. Additionally, growth in usage of high-speed laser in communication networks and rising support and initiatives from government such factors are providing added impetus to the growth of the market. Moreover, growth in commercial technologies is said to offer an array of opportunities for the key players operating in this market.
However, regulatory challenge and the higher costs of development are the biggest constraint of the market, states the MRFR Research Analyst while commenting upon this deep diving factual study report, presented through more than 100 market data tables and figures, widely spread over 103 pages.
Key Players
Military Laser Systems market appears to be highly competitive. Key Players compete based on cost, product quality, reliability, and aftermarket service. To sustain in the market and to gain the competitive edge players operating in the market strive to offer cost-effective and high-quality laser systems with the latest technology and materials. The market is expected to witness a rise in mergers and acquisitions, coupled with increased collaboration with alliance partners across the globe.
Profiled in MRFR Analysis some of the leading market players in the global Military Laser Systems market are Northrop Grumman, Coherent Inc., Lockheed Martin, Thales, Raytheon, American Laser Enterprises, BAE Systems PLC, Frankfurt Laser Company, Quantel, and Newport Corporation.
For further information on this report, visit @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/military-laser-systems-market
Regional & Country Analysis
Americas is the leading region in military laser market with around 40% of market share as of 2015, followed by Asia Pacific and EME with a substantial market share. As per the MRFR analysis, the Americas Military Laser Systems market is poised to reach to astronomical amounts in 2021, to grow at a CAGR of around 5% during the forecasted period. EMEA and Asia Pacific regions will grow at a substantial CAGR.
With the increasing investment in several military and land programs to modernize its military and weapon systems, APAC is expected to register a significant growth in the forecast period. In 2015, North America accounted for the largest share of the military laser systems market. However, the Middle East region witnessed the highest growth rate in the military laser systems market in the coming years. This can be attributed to the enhancement in the force protection against small boat swarms, unmanned aerial vehicles or rocket, artillery, and mortar or missile attack in this region.
Whangārei Native Bird Recovery Centre manager Robert Webb says gin traps should be banned after a baby kiwi caught in one had to be euthanised.
It was the fourth in a matter of a few months that Webb knows about - the first three were adult kiwi who survived, although one had to have its toe amputated.
"That's only the ones that are being brought in," he said. Others were not brought in as people were afraid of getting into trouble, Webb added.
The recovery centre's most famous resident, Sparky the one-legged kiwi, lost his leg after being caught in a gin trap laid on the ground to catch possums.
Advertisement
The latest baby kiwi, which Webb estimated to be no more than two and a half months old, was caught in a trap laid by a property owner aiming to trap pests who could kill kiwi.
"The guy was horrified because he didn't think that kiwi would come that close to the house. They will come right up and eat the cats' food."
He said the young kiwi must have been in the trap for 12 hours before it was found. The young male brown kiwi could not be saved as it was too late by the time it got to the recovery centre last Thursday.
"The big fellas, it does a bit of damage to the leg but the baby ones it just about takes the leg right off."
Webb said people were setting the traps with little knowledge of what they could do to kiwi, pets and even children.
"It's about time they put a total ban on possum traps, the old gin traps.
"It's been looked at until they're blue in the face."
Gin traps can almost take a young kiwi's leg off. Photo / File
Webb said the problem was exacerbated by the fact that gin traps were so cheap, and safe traps that wouldn't ensnare kiwi cost around $40.
Gin traps could be bought for as little as 50c to a dollar, and people often found old ones lying around, he said.
Webb suggested a subsidy from the Department of Conservation (DoC) would help encourage the use of traps safe for kiwi.
"DoC are giving [the property owner] a few traps to use, but why not subsidise them?"
The sale and use of gin, or leg-hold traps, was restricted under the Animal Welfare Act. Leg-hold traps over a certain size were banned without an exemption from the Ministry for Primary Industries.
Prosecutors in South Korea have called for an arrest warrant for former president Lee Myung-bak over allegations of corruption.
Prosecutors said Monday that the arrest warrant was necessary to prevent Lee from destroying evidence related to an ongoing investigation into corruption allegations against him.
Lee served as president between 2008 and 2013.
“We believe that there is a high risk of possible destruction of evidence (if Lee is not taken under custody),” said a statement from Seoul prosecutors' office investigating the case, adding, “Each accusation he faces is a significant offence that requires formal arrest.”
Lee is accused of granting a presidential pardon in 2009 to the chairman of Samsung Group, Lee Kun-hee, after he was handed down a suspended jail sentence for tax evasion.
The former president also faces, among other charges, allegations of accepting millions of dollars to help a former CEO assumes the post in a state-financed banking group.
Lee was questioned for several days last week and denied any wrongdoing. He has previously accused his rivals of orchestrating the investigation as a “political revenge.”
The court investigating Lee's case is expected to decide on the arrest request later this week.
If the request is approved, Lee would become the fourth surviving former South Korean leader to be detained over corruption.
His successor Park Geun-Hye is now behind bars waiting a verdict, which could be a 30-year jail sentence, in her bribery trial. Park was impeached and removed from power last year over a corruption scandal after weeks of protests on the streets.
Chun Doo-hwan and Roh Tae-woo, two former army generals who served as presidents through the 1980s to early 1990s, were jailed for corruption and treason but they were released in the 1990s after they received presidential pardons.
Anthony Davis affirms commitment to Pelicans: ‘I don't plan on leaving'
Anthony Davis wants you to know he's still all in on the New Orleans Pelicans.
Davis was asked by reporters on Tuesday about the recent trade chatter and potential departure talk surrounding him.
“I don't plan on leaving, so make sure you write that down,” the four-time All-Star big man replied, per Jeff Duncan of the New Orleans Times-Picayune. “I don't pay attention to (the rumors). I don't know who said it or how it came about. I'm with the Pelicans right now.”
This comes in the wake of a report by Bleacher Report's Brian Boyles Monday suggesting that Davis and Russell Westbrook, who are both represented by Wasserman Media Group, could eventually end up joining forces on the Los Angeles Lakers.
The Pelicans have had chronic troubles surrounding Davis with a passable supporting cast and are currently in the middle of another sputtering season at 22-34 on the year. The All-NBA big has been open about his frustration at times, and it looks like he would be in serious danger of wasting away his prime years if he were to stay in New Orleans long-term.
But through it all, Davis, who is under contract through the 2020-21 season, still appears to be fully committed to the team, so that's at least one thing that their fans can smile about.
Global IoT Monetization Market: Overview
With the advent of the Internet, everyday devices are now interconnected. Due to the proliferation of the IoT, several offices and homes have become smart –functioning through connected devices. Increased usage of smart devices such as smart phones and tablets is pushing the demand for IoT monetization. It is a trend that is becoming a serious business activity for many and opening doors for future growth.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/iot-monetization-market.html
The IoT monetization market can be segmented on the basis of application into healthcare, building & home automation, retail, agriculture, automotive & transportation, consumer electronics, industrial, energy, and others.
The report presents a broad overview of various factors contributing to the expansion of the global IoT monetization market. It also provides insights into challenges that the market could face over the forecast period. The prevailing trends in overall market operations are also studied in the report in detail.
Global IoT Monetization Market: Trends and Opportunities
The global IoT monetization market is receiving impetus from increased use of smartphones and other connected devices, growing Internet connectivity, and rise in the adoption of cloud platforms. Moreover, encouraging government regulations, heavy demand for dependable energy-efficient systems and improved home security for home & building automation applications, and growing demand for smart devices such as smartphones and tablets are furthering the growth of the market. On the contrary, factors such as shortage of power-efficient devices and absence of common communication standards across platforms are preventing the IoT monetization market's growth.
In terms of application, the automotive & transportation segment is expected to aid in the market's growth. Through connected cars and intelligent transportation systems such as sensors and communication & traffic control technologies, it is easier to support states, towns, and cities globally to meet the rising demand for surface transportation systems. Automotive manufacturers are extensively adopting IoT, which in turn is driving the market for IoT monetization.
Consumer electronics is also emerging as a crucial application segment. The demand for smart consumer electronics is expected to increase with its rising use in building smart offices, smart cities, and smart buildings. The consumer electronics application segment is anticipated to grow during the forecast period due to the growing number of smart appliances that can be connected to smartphones and the Internet.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=19850
Global IoT Monetization Market: Geographical Evaluation
On the basis of geography, the global IoT monetization market can be segmented into Europe, Asia Pacific, North America, and Rest of the world. It is projected that North America will account for a large share in the overall market, and will continue to exhibiting robust growth through the forecast period. In North America, the U.S. is a key contributor to the IoT monetization market. Factors such as presence of several IoT companies in the region and fast adoption of new technology by the masses are driving the market in North America. Several IoT companies present in the U.S. offer a variety of IoT devices for applications in automotive & transportation, industrial, retail, healthcare, consumer electronics, and other sectors.
The other major contributor to the market is Asia Pacific. Recent developments in technology, increased disposable income, high usage of smart phones, and better Internet connectivity are some of the factors positively impacting the market growth in this region.
Global IoT Monetization Market: Vendor Landscape
The report profiles some of the key companies operating in the market. It also offers insights into the threats and opportunities that the companies are projected to witness in the coming years. BM Corp., Intel Corp., Cisco Systems, Inc., PTC, Inc., General Electric Co., Oracle Corp., Google Inc., Microsoft Corp., SAP SE, and Amdocs Ltd, Infosys Ltd., Tata Consultancy Services, and Robert Bosch GmbH are a few of the prominent players functioning in the global IoT monetization market.
The report offers a comprehensive evaluation of the market. It does so via in-depth qualitative insights, historical data, and verifiable projections about market size. The projections featured in the report have been derived using proven research methodologies and assumptions. By doing so, the research report serves as a repository of analysis and information for every facet of the market, including but not limited to: Regional markets, technology, types, and applications.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Derby's ruling Conservative group could experience difficulties if it wants to reduce the size of the proposed Moorways swimming pool - it may not get the support of its political allies.
In their manifesto, the Tories pledged that they would review the £33 million Moorways project, which is due to get underway in the next four weeks and is set to include a ten lane, 50 metre pool, together with "leisure water" and a teaching pool area.
But a comment by council leader Councillor Chris Poulter that the size of the pool could be under review, and potentially reduced to 25 metres giving more room for water slides and flumes, has not found favour with the party's allies - the Liberal Democrats.
They have said they "will not support any reductions to the size of pool at the new Moorways complex".
This poses a possible first challenge for the alliance between the Conservatives, UKIP and Lib Dems created after the then ruling Labour group lost its overall majority at the local elections on May 3.
(Image: Derby Telegraph)
The Conservatives took charge of Derby City Council a week ago, with the help of Lib Dems and UKIP, on a ticket that included common ground on the future of the city's Assembly Rooms and a change to the council administration from a cabinet to committee system by this time next year.
Lib Dem councillor Joe Naitta, who was the former city council cabinet member for sport and leisure between 2008-10, said the Tories had "backwards" plans if they changed the size of the pool.
He added: "In our sports strategy plan, written when the Liberal Democrats ran Derby City Council, we left plans for a new 50m pool at Moorways - which Labour failed to act on at the time.
"The Conservatives' plans to reduce the pool from 50m to just 25m is doing a disservice to the many successful swimmers and swimming clubs in Derby."
"It will only serve to delay the reopening of the Moorways pool. Derby has a great swimming heritage and we should keep a competitive standard pool in our city. Anything less is letting down Derby's swimmers.
"We will not support any reductions to the size of pool at the new Moorways complex."
When asked about his party's opinions on the issue, UKIP group leader Alan Graves said: "UKIP's stance is that we would not want to see a downgrading or an opportunity missed for Derby to become a centre of excellence and a venue for national swimming.
"This pool needs to be built, to attract local residents and further afield visitors and ought to be fit for a superstar like Adam Peaty."
The existing plan for the pool, which would allow it to stage regional competitions, includes a water play area comprising of “fun features” such as slides, tipping buckets and water jets."
Labour councillor Baggy Shanker, who was project managing the pool complex before the May election, said: "The new pool has specifically been designed to meet the requirements of the city's residents whether that is people learning to swim, those that swim for leisure or our elite swimmers aspiring for the world stage.
"I would urge a review to be completed urgently and allow the team to progress with this project so that Derby gets the pool it deserves without any unnecessary delay."
Plans are well-advanced for the swimming complex - complete with sauna, gym, exercise studios, soft play and multi-use rooms.
Demolition of the former Moorways sports hall and swimming pool have already taken place on the site and work is moving ahead to finalise designs. Construction is set to start this summer with the facility scheduled to open to the public in 2020.
Last week, Mr Poulter outlined some future plans for the city, and said that his party had always stated that it would review the plans for the pool as they had always felt that the design was not right for Derby people.
He said: “I am not sure that people want a 50m pool. Pools of this size take an enormous amount of heating and are always cooler than smaller pools and not conducive for children to swim in.
“So we favour a 25m pool, with the rest of the space taken up with more leisure space including wave machines and flumes, which we feel are more suited to families.
“So this is something we will be looking at as a priority as the design stage is almost completed.”
We've just launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you're interested in.
To download the iOS app click here.
To download the Android app click here.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Picture Tony Pulis, and you'll think of his trademark tracksuit.
The West Bromwich Albion boss is nearly always clad in the navy adidas gear on the touchline.
It's simply a given.
But there is of course another element to the manager's attire.
Pulis' cap is just as notorious as his tracksuit.
Every week, in almost every match, up and down the country, the 59-year-old wears his cap.
Pulis has done the same since he arrived at the Hawthorns two-and-a-half-years ago.
At home, and away, he emerges from the tunnel, wearing the headwear that has become part of his image.
But have you ever wondered just why Pulis wears it?
Watch the video at the top of the page to find out.
His reason goes back a few years!
Follow the writer:
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/ShaneIrelandJournalist
Twitter: https://twitter.com/_ShaneIreland
For more Albion news:
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/westbromnews
Twitter: https://twitter.com/WestBromNews
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Nearly 50 new council homes could be built in Great Barr , if housing bosses can secure government funding to help build them.
The 47 homes, a mixture of houses and bungalows, would be located on a council-owned site in West Road, Hamstead.
A report to the council's cabinet also states that the council will seek grant funding from the Homes and Communities Agency (HCA) – through its ‘shared ownership and affordable homes' programme – to help develop the scheme.
Councillor Kerrie Carmichael, cabinet member for housing, said: “One of our key priorities is to redevelop areas of vacant land in the borough for housing.
“This proposed development would bring about a much-needed boost to our housing stock with 47 high-quality affordable homes.”
(Image: Google Maps)
The development would be made up of seven two-bedroomed bungalows, 24 two-bedroom houses, eight three-bedroom houses and eight four-bedroom houses.
Subject to funding being identified, planning permission being given and a developer being appointed, work is anticipated to start in April 2018 with an estimated completion date set for April 2019.
Once completed the properties will join the Sandwell Council's housing stock and will be managed and maintained by the council.
The report will be discussed at cabinet on Wednesday, December 13.
Since the inception of the green revolution, synthetic inputs in agricultural farming have increased in volume in order to obtain a high yield crop. The intensive use of chemical fertilizers has undoubtedly enhanced the crop yield but also degraded the health of the soil, water quality, and food. At this point, biological fertilizers exhibit excellent potential to replace chemical fertilizers. Living micro-organisms are present in biological organic fertilizers which aids the growth of plants by colonizing their rizhosphere.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=22232
Biological organic fertilizers add nutrients to the plants using natural processes such as nitrogen fixation and stimulate their development by producing natural growth promoting substances. The microorganisms present restore their nutrient cycle and also enhances the health of the soil. The scientific term for this micro-organism is the “plant growth promoting rizhobacteria (PGPR)”. Biological organic fertilizers are different from organic fertilizers. Organic fertilizers consist of animal and plants wastes whereas biological fertilizers consists of living micro-organisms. Biological organic fertilizers fix atmospheric nitrogen in the soil and roots of the crops and solubilize the insoluble nutrients.
When directly applied to the soil or seed, they increase the yield by 10%–25%. Most soils are deficient in phosphorus, which is an essential macronutrient apart from microorganisms such as rhizobium, azobacter, azospirillium, and blue green algae. The rizhobium microorganism is known for its ability to fix atmospheric nitrogen in plants forming nodules in its roots. Azobacter is a non-symbiotic microorganism beneficial for a wide array of crops covering millets, sugarcane, and vegetables. It also secretes useful fungicides and enzymes in small amounts. Azospirillium is a nitrogen fixation microorganism primarily beneficial for non-leguminous crops.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/biological-organic-fertilizers-market.html
The global market for biological organic fertilizers can be segmented on the basis of type into nitrogen fixing, phosphate mobilizing, and organic matter decomposers. The market can also divide based on the crop it is being applied on, such as wheat, maize, millets, sugarcane, and paddy crops. Demand for high yield crops coupled with increasing environmental regulations regarding environment-friendly fertilizers drive this market. Biological organic fertilizers are expected to replace chemical fertilizers as unlike the latter, they do not cause soil degradation.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
President Donald Trump finally took to Twitter to issue a statement regarding ABC's cancellation of the hit sitcom “Roseanne,” starring his friend and supporter Roseanne Barr, who had posted a racist tweet about former Obama adviser Valerie Jarrett.
But as expected by some political observers, Trump didn't denounce the offensiveness of Barr's comment. He certainly didn't back up ABC for taking what many saw as a moral stand against racism.
No, Trump made the situation about himself and what he believes are his own righteous grievances against ABC and against Bob Iger, CEO of Disney, the parent company for ABC Entertainment.
He tweeted: “Bob Iger of ABC called Valerie Jarrett to let her know that ‘ABC does not tolerate comments like those' made by Roseanne Barr. Gee, he never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC. Maybe I just didn't get the call?”
Bob Iger of ABC called Valerie Jarrett to let her know that “ABC does not tolerate comments like those” made by Roseanne Barr. Gee, he never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC. Maybe I just didn't get the call? — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 30, 2018
It's not clear which statements on ABC Trump was referring to. Late night host Jimmy Kimmel and other ABC personalities often criticize or make jokes at the expense of the president and his administration, CNBC said.
CNBC also noted that Trump's tweet again demonstrates his tendency to jump into heated racial and cultural matters without condemning the racist behavior that's at the core of the controversy.
CNN editor at large Chris Cillizza doubted that Trump would back ABC up or say he agrees that Barr's comments are repugnant. That's because Trump disdains the idea of using the presidency as a position of moral leadership, Cillizza argued in a post Tuesday.
“Rather, what I would expect from Trump is a tweet — or a series of tweets — using the cancellation of ‘Roseanne' to argue about the corrosive effect of political correctness and the toxic impact of Hollywood's liberalism,” Cillizza said.
As can be seen by his tweet, Trump went in a slightly different direction, but he definitely didn't use this moment to take a moral stand.
Trump's response to news that ABC had cancelled “Roseanne” had been widely anticipated, given that he was positively delighted by the phenomenal ratings the nine-episode reboot received when it premiered in March.
He and his supporters were ecstatic that Barr's beloved working-class protagonist Roseanne Conner was returning to broadcast television as a Trump supporter. They saw the fictional Roseanne as representing the millions of Americans who voted for the president and who agree with his agenda but who feel their voices are being suppressed by a liberal media.
“Look at her ratings! Look at her ratings!” Trump said at a speech in Ohio in March. “They were unbelievable. Over 18 million people. And it was about us! They haven't figured it out yet; the fake news hasn't quite figured it out yet. They have not figured it out. So that was great.”
On Tuesday, White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders insisted that president wasn't going to concern himself with the cancellation of “Roseanne,” CNBC reported. “We have a lot bigger things going on in the country right now,” she said.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
West Bromwich Albion have been linked with a move for Numancia forward Guillermo Fernandez Hierro this summer, ahead of what is increasingly looking like a Championship campaign.
Guillermo, 25 in May, arrived at the club last summer and to date has scored seven goals in 30 appearances for the Spanish Segunda side - including two at the Bernabeu against Real Madrid in the Copa del Rey.
Guillermo has previously played for Athletic Bilbao, Leganes and Elche, and the Sun say that Albion are keeping tabs on him ahead of an inevitable squad rebuild in the close season.
The Spanish attacker is thought to be valued in the region of £2m.
Albion, rock bottom of the Premier League after a run of seven straight league defeats and one victory in 29, are the division's lowest scorers with a meagre 24 goals.
Strikers Jay Rodriguez and Salomon Rondon have nine and eight goals this season respectively, in all competitions.
The Baggies have managed to net more than once in a league match on just two occasions since Alan Pardew replaced Tony Pulis as manager in November - they came in the 2-0 victory over Brighton and the 3-2 reverse at home to fellow strugglers Southampton last month.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Ins and outs
West Bromwich Albion are bracing themselves for interest in defender Craig Dawson this summer and local rivals Aston Villa are keeping tabs on him, according to the Sunday People.
Dawson, 27, is among a clutch of Hawthorns stalwarts who could leave the club during the summer once relegation to the Championship is confirmed.
Premier League side Burnley have been consistently linked with the former Rochdale man who is now reportedly attracting interest from Villa and Middlesbrough.
Middlesbrough are of course managed by former Baggies boss Tony Pulis and the Welshman remains a keen admirer of Dawson. Like Villa, Boro are in the midst of a battle to reach the Premier League and are keen to bolster their ranks whatever division they're in next season.
Dawson is under contract at Albion until 2020 but may welcome a fresh start once the Baggies' fate is decided.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Gary Rowett has paid tribute to Richard Keogh after the Derby County captain signed a new contract with the Rams.
Keogh has put pen to paper on a three-and-a-half-year deal that will run until the summer of 2021.
The Republic of Ireland international has been in fine form this season alongside Curtis Davies at the heart of the defence.
The 31-year-old made 276 appearances for Derby since joining the club from Coventry City for £1m in the summer of 2012, scoring eight goals.
He has twice been named Derby's player of the year.
(Image: Andy Clarke)
“He has been a fantastic servant for this football club over the last few years and he was very keen to commit his future for the long-term," said Rams boss Rowett.
“I have nothing but high regard for Rich and it's fantastic that we have been able to tie him down for longer.
“He is a real link for me to the dressing room and, in particular, is someone I'll sit down with regularly and chat over a few things.
"I have a good relationship with him and you need a strong relationship with your captain as a manager.
“You want someone who is going to portray your values out on the pitch and he does that really well.”
Strange times for one of the most prolific motocrossers on the planet. On Sunday in Italy for the Grand Prix of Trentino and round five of the FIM World Motocross Championship, Red Bull KTM's Jeffrey Herlings saw a small ray of light in a debut MXGP campaign that has tested the 22-year-old's confidence and belief in his once formidable abilities. A positive start in the second moto across the slick Italian hard-pack led to a fourth place finish which is the best finish so far for the Dutchman who claimed three world titles in seven MX2 seasons and lost another two due to injury despite point leads well over 100. Herlings entered 2017 on a high—his drive to finish second and help the Netherlands to a memorable podium at the Motocross of Nations hinted at swift adaptation to the KTM 450 SX-F. By all accounts his speed was superior during pre-season tests but then a bout of wrist tendonitis and a broken hand only days before the first Grand Prix in Qatar cast him to a dark place. We chatted to him just before the Trentino motos. Racer X: Jeff, are you in crisis?
Jeffrey Herlings: Actually, I don't know—that's the worst thing! For some reason it is all going wrong for me with the starts. I haven't pulled a start inside the top 10 and in this class—it doesn't matter who you are—it is hard to go from 20th to first. I don't know why it is happening but [Antonio] Cairoli and Glenn [Coldenhoff] are on the same bike and are pulling holeshots. I think once I am at the front at the beginning [of races] then I won't be winning but we'll be closer to the podium and get in positions where I am more comfortable. Now it is eithth to 15th and that is not where we want to be. It just takes time. You are so used to winning—ever since you've been in GP—is this a different taste of racing?
Erm, it's different. We're used to winning for five-six years straight—really dominant—and now we are not even close. It is more of a mental shock. I think once I get back to the pace where I need to be and have a few good motos then I'll be back. I am waiting for a few good results in a row.
"It's gone. Confidence goes really quickly but it also comes back pretty fast." KTM Images
What about your confidence then?
It's gone. Confidence goes really quickly but it also comes back pretty fast. I've had a few sh***y races, but after a few good ones then it'll be back. When I dislocated my hip I was over racing and I came back and kinda won everything again and the sky was the limit for my confidence. It'll come back once the results come. This is just a learning year. The championship is over and we just need to get better and better, learn the bike, learn about the competition. Saying the championship is over must be a very new experience for you. Even with a broken leg in Mexico for the last round of 2014 you were still in contention.
It was a different situation because there was one race to go and we still had the points lead. Now we are 100 points down and we're only four races in—and not looking that good. There is a lot of work to do. It is not the team or the bike. The bike is perfect and for sure there are still some adjustments to be made, but the team is very capable of winning. The only missing piece is me at the minute. But we are close to the top five, and then we can look at the top three and think of winning. I am very convinced we will get there.
Recommended Reading
You may have shone at the Nations but the season-start was difficult for you—broken hand, much hype, and pressure to be another rookie winner. Did people underestimate how tough it has been for you?
That's for sure, but I also underestimated [things]. I only had a couple of weeks on the bike after breaking my collarbone I was second at the Nations and then looked at things too easily. I underestimated the class, the bike, the competition and I'm paying for it now. All winter I was thinking “I'll do this, do that” [winning] but I quickly realised I was on a 450 program now and it is tough. All those years winning in 250s … it's different here, man. It's hard. Different guys, different attitude. It will take some time. I don't know a date when it will happen. Home GP next weekend and you've never been beaten there….
That's a date. It feels like a make-it or break-it for this year. If I'm not on the podium or top five there then it will be a very long season. When I crash then it is different, but if I start okay and don't make the top five then something is missing. Nobody really knows what is going on. We have turned the bike upside down and back again and have been trying new things and analysing things. On the 250 we didn't analyse anything. We just went to the gate and frickin counted on a holeshot or top five start and dominated. So it shows weakness, but the stupidest thing I could do right now is clean myself out and end up with an injury. It is better to accept my situation and work on it and keep growing. You see it with [Eli] Tomac, man; for the first rounds that guy was really off but turned it around and started to dominate and smash the rest of the field weekly. You can see how fast things can turn around. [Ken] Roczen is another example. Things can change in this sport so quickly. I was so dominant and now I'm not where I'm supposed to be. Is it hard to enjoy racing at the moment?
Definitely. After winning for so long to go to a race and be seventh or 12th. It doesn't feel like how it used to. I used to roll up and think “Lets go racing, let's go win.” Now it is like I am just competing. I know it [his form] is there. The results I showed before and the talent to do that—it's not gone. I know that. It is just a matter of time and when it comes together then it is go time. In the meantime I think I've been mature about things and not done anything silly on the bike. This is probably the only positive thing this year so far. To go crazy, close you eyes and see if you can survive a moto is not a solution. We just need to be smart because I know I have a great team and bike behind me. I just need to bring the final touches and get those starts dialed-in.
Concerns are growing over the condition of a protected structure on one of Dublin 4's most sought-after residential streets, which has been left unoccupied for more than a decade.
The Victorian house at 13 St Mary's Road in Ballsbridge has been in the possession of Permanent TSB since 2015, but despite growing property values has remained vacant.
The house appears in poor repair and had been entered on Dublin City Council's register of derelict sites until late last year, when the bank removed large amounts of rubble, litter and wooden hoardings from the front garden.
However, the council said its conservation section will in the coming week carry out a more in-depth in inspection of the interior to determine if the house, which is on the city's Record of Protected Structures, should be entered on its Buildings at Risk register, which aims to prevent the loss of heritage properties.
Local resident Killian Mallin said he was shocked to discover the house had been removed from the Derelict Sites Register last year.
It is not good enough to clear the garden and leave it at that. In the current climate, any vacant premises which has the potential to be brought back into use should be a priority
“It has been empty and in a worsening condition for at least 10 years. But all it seemed to take was a clear-out of the front garden for it to be taken off the Derelict Sites register; to me that is illogical when it is clearly so neglected.”
While the house is unsightly, with a broken lintel above the front door and sections missing from the wooden side entrance door, the waste of a family home was the most frustrating aspect of the situation, said Mr Mallin.
Desperation
“This property would be a fantastic home for someone. Dublin is facing a housing crisis, with desperation even at the upper end of the market, yet it seems that unless a building is showing signs of imminent collapse the council won't take action.”
Local Fine Gael Cllr Paddy McCartan wrote to Permanent TSB last month asking its intentions in relation to the house, but said he has received no reply.
“The bank has had control of this house for a few years now and it has a responsibility to address this situation. It is not good enough to clear the garden and leave it at that. In the current climate, any vacant premises which has the potential to be brought back into use should be a priority.”
A spokesman for the bank declined to comment. However, it is understood that there are title issues with the property which have yet to be resolved.
The house has been valued at €1.4 million in its current condition. A refurbished house two doors up went on the market last May at €1.9 million. Another house on the road was advertised for rent earlier this year asking €5,500 per month.
1:47
Michael Bennett thinks Seahawks are A-OK for the playoffs
5:23
Gregg Bell and Dave Boling on whether Seahawks are equipped for playoff run
1:52
Restoring a car may be a difficult project for beginners. Even basic car restoration requires a large amount of space, a selection of screwdrivers, pliers, and other tools, a small air compressor, welders, and a floor jack. With all of these necessary components, car owners with little to no experience may end up disappointed.
But @ The Car Wash (https://the-car-wash.com/) offers both single services and full services for basic car restoration, detailing, window tinting, and car wash. They provide quality service with cutting-edge technology and schedule personalized appointments. @ The Car Wash can quickly take care of everything between damaged headlights, sticky adhesive removal, and thorough interior cleaning.
Services
For basic restoration, @ The Car Wash can completely restore headlights to peak condition making the lights clearer and getting rid of any dim lights. A pair of headlights costs only $65 compared to the average price of professional restoration at $75-100 per set. Although some claim that using household products to restore headlights is the most cost-efficient, this can damage the light further if these methods are used incorrectly. @ The Car Wash offers a professional restoration between the cost of using household products, which is about $30-40, and the cost in comparison to other companies.
In addition to headlight restoration, @ The Car Wash offers adhesive removal including decals, labels, and stickers. Additionally, they can deliver artillery fungus removal and water spot treatment at flexible pricing. Other restorative services like polishing and cleaning covers chrome polishing, wheel/rim cleaning, and engine cleaning for pricing based on the condition of the car. @ The Car Wash also offers a paint correction package for the entire car with prices starting at $225. Compared to the average cost of a high-quality paint job that ranges from $300 to $900, @ The Car Wash ensures quality service for much less.
In addition to their restoration package, @ The Car Wash supplies great deals on exterior detail. According to Costhelper, the average price of a basic hand-wash with interior cleaning is around $20-150. This company offers a hand wash for a total of $34.95 with the use of find soap and microfiber towels. @ The Car Wash offers a wax option for $74.95 or a clay bar and wax for $109.95. With these deals on car interior washing, @ The Car Wash is the cost-efficient option.
Contact
@ The Car Wash
1711 Carl D. Silver Pkwy
Fredericksburg, VA 22401
Phone: (540) 786-5959
Shaikh Sultan Bin Ahmad
Sharjah — Sharjah Media Council was set up on Monday through a decree issued by His Highness Dr Shaikh Sultan Bin Mohammad Al Qasimi, Supreme Council Member and Ruler of Sharjah.
The council will be responsible for drawing up the emirate's general media policy and bolstering its media status on the local, regional and international level. The council will coordinate with media organisations in a way that is in line with the emirate's general policy, and the council will also supervise free zones affiliated to it.
As per Emiri Decree No. 6 of 2017, the council will enjoy financial, administrative and civil independence to carry out legal practices that would help it achieves its goals.
The council's responsibilities include issuing licences for the practice of media activities in the emirate and outside of the free zones, and following up on these activities in line with laws, local and federal legislations, and revoking licences in case of violations.
The council will also issue permits for photography or video recording activities taking place in the emirate for media institutions, companies or individuals.
The council will represent the emirate before government media bodies, or in conferences, meetings and media activities taking place in the UAE or abroad.
The Council will comprise of the Sharjah Media Corporation, Sharjah Government Media Bureau and Sharjah Media City. The new decree also renamed the Sharjah Media Centre as the Sharjah Government Media Bureau (SGMB).
Shaikh Sultan Bin Ahmed, who will be the Chairman of Sharjah Media Council, asserted that the generous support extended by Dr Shaikh Sultan to the media industry in general has contributed to the development of the Emirate's media system, which, in turn, has contributed to Sharjah's strong media presence on the global map. He said that the decree helps create an integrated regulatory environment for media sector and upgrade its programmes, which support media work and the implementation of Sharjah's strategic objectives which align with the country's media vision.
Ebrahim Al Abed, Adviser to the Chairman of National Media Council, said the establishment of the Sharjah Media Council culminates the constant efforts of the emirate in the field of media through its media institutions and organisations.
As per the amendments, the Sharjah Government Media Bureau will be the official media source for the government of Sharjah, and will prepare and organise media events by the Ruler, Crown Prince, Deputy Rulers and the Executive Council, and will be responsible for providing the media with press releases regarding these events.
Dr Shaikh Sultan also issued an Emiri Decree No. 9 of 2017, amending Emiri Decree No. 51 of 2015 on reorganising the Sharjah Media Corporation.
With taking into consideration the terms for specialisations and without encroaching on the jurisdictions of federal authorities, Sharjah Media Corporation will have the following responsibilities: Setting up audio, visual and electronic media organisations and developing them by conducting studies, researches and preparing reports related to the objectives of the Corporation. It will be responsible for carrying out all operations related to audio, visual and electronic media, including production, marketing, distribution and advertising.
Other amendments are made to the Articles of the 2010 decree.
Ross Taylor's New Zealand record-equalling 17th test century at Seddon Park yesterday again raises the old chestnut: who is the country's finest test batsman.
Quite clearly New Zealand is fortunate to have both Taylor and Kane Williamson in tandem as possibly the world's best one-two punch at Nos 3 and 4 in the test order.
Williamson, who started his career with a century against India in Ahmedabad in 2010, is poised to go on and become the country's heaviest runmaker and break all the records on offer.
Taylor freely acknowledges that. But that's for somewhere down the line.
Advertisement
Now Taylor has the chance to beat Williamson to become, even if temporarily, the (scorer) of the most test hundreds for New Zealand.
England arrives for two tests at the finish of the summer. Should Taylor take his chance at Eden Park or Hagley Oval in Christchurch, and Williamson comes up short, the mark will be Taylors. In time, Williamson seems sure to nail it.
Taylor might like the idea of pushing on to become New Zealand's top test runmaker.
Former skipper Stephen Fleming heads that list on 7172 runs and sits 45th on the alltime top list; Brendon McCullum, who took over the captaincy from Taylor at a fractious time within New Zealand cricket, is 54th on 6453. Taylor is 56th and up to 6246 runs.
One player who would win votes in any competition is former captain and national coach Glenn Turner. He would be the odd one out in the group as he was an opener, requiring a different set of skills, a scorer of more than 100 first-class centuries, and a technical master.
But the other three have more tests, higher averages and more centuries to their credit.
How to separate them.
‌
Crowe, the former holder of New Zealand's highest test score, 299 against Sri Lanka in Wellington in 1990-91, had a tough test initiation against Australia's fast-bowling double menace Dennis LIllee and Jeff Thomson, and had a disappointing closing to his career, bedevilled by injury.
He had a dominant presence at the crease and was undoubtedly world class and a perfectionist. Had he played elsewhere in the world where they play more test cricket, there's not much doubt his average would have been several runs higher.
Martin Crowe's highest score in test cricket was 299. Photosport
Taylor, 33, had a shaky start to his career in South Africa but once given another opportunity grabbed it with a century against England in Hamilton in 2008.
With that came a realization.
"I could belong, I could play at this level," he said last night.
Six of his centuries have come after turning 30 and his 290 against Australia in Perth two seasons ago was a monument to patience in considerable heat.
Crowe missed his 300 by a solitary single; Taylor came up 10 runs short.
The battle for top dog has tended to be seen as a straight shootout between Crowe and Williamson for the honour of New Zealand's best, but Taylor must now be in any discussion.
Williamson, 27, makes batting look easy, and can score deceptively fast. His is a technique built on total dedication to his craft. His strokemaking is exquisite.
GARMISCH-PARTENKIRCHEN, Germany (AP) — The buildup to the last World Cup downhill races before the Pyeongchang Olympics has been just as rough as Lindsey Vonn's up-and-down season.
After waiting for hours for a second straight day Friday, the American standout and her competitors had to leave the Kandahar course again without skiing on it.
The effects of the bad weather that postponed and ultimately canceled training Thursday were still an issue the next day as the rain had left too many spots of weakened snow to make a safe run possible.
And safety has been a main priority for Vonn approaching the Olympics, with the Feb. 17 super-G and the Feb. 21 downhill in South Korea less than three weeks away.
Advertisement
"In general my confidence is high, my body feels relatively good," Vonn told The Associated Press. "I am just not thinking about injuries. As long as my confidence is good and I am able to ski the way I want to, which I am, then I am not concerned."
Vonn badly damaged her right knee skiing in a patch of soft snow at the world championships in 2013, and the 2010 Olympic downhill champion ultimately missed the Sochi Games the following year.
This weekend, Vonn is set to compete in two events, a shortened downhill after a mandatory training run on Saturday followed by a race over the full 2.9-kilometer (1.8-mile) distance of the Kandahar the next day.
One of her coaches, Alex Hoedlmoser, said "the main focus is on the Olympics."
"We just have to make sure that she is healthy," he said. "If everything is cool and good, then she is for sure good for a win here. She is not going to back off but we are also not going to be stupid, to risk anything, where she could get hurt."
While Vonn has got 40 of her record 79 career World Cups wins in the discipline, she has won only one downhill since triumphing in the German resort just over a year ago.
She finally won again two weeks ago in Italy. And in another downhill the day before, she was runner-up to Sofia Goggia, the Italian who also beat her twice in test events on the Olympic hill in March 2017.
Last week in Switzerland, Vonn led a combined event after the opening super-G portion before finishing fourth.
"I feel really good coming into this last weekend before the Olympics," Vonn said. "Cortina was an amazing weekend, Lenzerheide was equally good. I was really happy with my super-G run and my slalom. For only skiing (slalom) one day in the last five months, it was pretty solid."
It seems like Vonn has been finding her form at the right time. Apart from winning a super-G in December, the first three months of her World Cup season were rather disappointing, marred by two crashes in Lake Louise, Alberta, a jarred back in St. Moritz, Switzerland, and a recurrent knee issue in Val d'Isere, France.
"My season started off poorly mainly just because of the first crash in Lake Louise," Vonn said. "If I hadn't have crashed I most likely would have won that race and that would have set my season off on a completely different path."
Vonn said it took her some time "to get my body back in working order" but she was happy how her results have been since.
And so was her coach.
"Right now we are on track, we are progressing," said Hoedlmoser, who switched from the U.S. men's speed team in April last year to work with Vonn and assist her long-term coach, Chris Knight.
"She had that massive crash in Lake Louise in the first race. That obviously kind of shook her up a little bit," Hoedlmoser said. "We always have to be careful with the load of training. We are not doing too much so her knee is not responding too much. But I think we are still on target to go to the Olympics and win gold there."
Vonn couldn't agree more.
"For me, I am happy with the way things are right now," she said. "It's building up exactly as I'd hoped with my confidence, with my skiing. Everything is really peaking for the Olympics, which is exactly what you want."
Rising mortality rates, an increase in life-threatening infections and a shortage of staff and medical equipment are crippling Greece's health system as the country's dogged pursuit of austerity hammers the weakest in society.
Data and anecdote, backed up by doctors and trade unions, suggest the EU's most chaotic state is in the midst of a public health meltdown, The Guardian wrote.
“In the name of tough fiscal targets, people who might otherwise survive are dying,” said Michalis Giannakos who heads the Panhellenic Federation of Public Hospital Employees. “Our hospitals have become danger zones.”
Figures released by the European Center for Disease Prevention and Control recently revealed that about 10 percent of patients in Greece were at risk of developing potentially fatal hospital infections, with an estimated 3,000 deaths attributed to them.
The occurrence rate was dramatically higher in intensive care units and neonatal wards, the body said. Although the data referred to outbreaks between 2011 and 2012 ― the last official figures available ― Giannakos said the problem had only got worse.
Like other medics who have worked in the Greek national health system since its establishment in 1983, the union chief blamed lack of personnel, inadequate sanitation and absence of cleaning products for the problems. Cutbacks had been exacerbated by overuse of antibiotics, he said.
“For every 40 patients there is just one nurse,” he said, mentioning the case of an otherwise healthy woman who died last month after a routine leg operation in a public hospital on Zakynthos. “Cuts are such that even in intensive care units we have lost 150 beds.”
“Frequently, patients are placed on beds that have not been disinfected. Staff are so overworked they don't have time to wash their hands and often there is no antiseptic soap anyway.”
No other sector has been affected to the same extent by Greece's economic crisis. Bloated, profligate and corrupt, for much healthcare was indicative of all that was wrong with the country and, as such, badly in need of reform.
Acknowledging the shortfalls, the government announced last month that it planned to appoint more than 8,000 doctors and nurses in 2017.
Since 2009, per capita spending on public health has been cut by nearly a third ― more than €5 billion (£4.3 billion) ― according to the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development. By 2014, public expenditure had fallen to 4.7 percent of GDP, from a pre-crisis high of 9.9 percent. More than 25,000 staff have been laid off, with supplies so scarce that hospitals often run out of medicines, gloves, gauze and sheets.
In early December Giannakos, a nurse by training, led a protest march, which started at the grimy building housing the Health Ministry and ended outside the neoclassical office of the prime minister, Alexis Tsipras. At the ministry, hospital technicians erected a breeze-block wall and from it hung a placard with the words: “The ministry has moved to Brussels.”
Few advanced western economies have enacted fiscal adjustment on the scale of Greece. In the six years since it received the first of three bailouts to keep bankruptcy at bay, the country has enforced draconian belt-tightening in return for more than €300 billion in emergency loans. The loss of more than 25 percent of national output ― and a recession that has seen ever more people resorting to primary health care ― has compounded the corrosive effects of cuts that in the case of public hospitals have often been as indiscriminate as they are deep.
Pressure to meet creditor-mandated budget targets means that in 2016 alone, expenditure on the sector has declined by €350 million under the stewardship of Syriza, the leftist party that had once railed against austerity, said Giannakos, citing government figures.
More than 2.5 million Greeks have been left without any healthcare coverage. Shortages of spare parts are such that scanning machines and other sophisticated diagnostic equipment have become increasingly faulty. Basic blood tests are no longer conducted at most hospitals because laboratory expenditure has been pared back. Wage cuts have worsened the low morale.
“The biggest problem is shortage of staff because people are retired and never replaced,” said Dr. Yiannis Papadatos, who runs the intensive care unit of one of the three pediatric hospitals in Athens. “Then there's the problem of equipment and, periodically, lack of supplies like gloves, catheters and cleaning tissues.”
Small acts of heroism have done much to keep the broken system afloat: Doctors and nurses work overtime, with donors and philanthropists also helping.
Papadatos said: “I was brought up partly in Kenya by parents who emphasized the virtues of helping others. These days I spend a lot of time going round asking friends, or the private sector, for help when our hospital runs out of supplies. The monitors we use to track heart rhythms, blood pressure, that sort of thing, were all donated. People like to give. It makes them feel good.”
Unionists argue that healthcare is an easy target because successive governments have refused to properly tackle tax evasion, the biggest drain on public coffers. In a rare public admission, the International Monetary Fund recently conceded that cuts had been so brutal “basic public services such as transport and healthcare are being compromised”.
But at a time when the Greek debt crisis has flared again, after Tsipras's controversial announcement of a series of welfare benefits, there are many who fear worse is to come.
One of them is British-trained Dr. Michalis Samarakos, who believes that while the health system is in need of further reform it also runs the risk of running out of specialists and clinical trainees. Already there has been a massive exodus of doctors abroad, mostly to Germany and the UK, as a result of lack of opportunity.
“The best are leaving because their potential cannot be developed here,” he said. “I can see it teaching sixth-year students at Athens University, everyone wants a reference, everyone wants to go.
“It's become a growing problem. We don't have nephrologists, for example, because there are no prospects for specialists, either in or out of the system [in private practice].
“Trainee doctors are the backbone of any hospital ― without them hospitals can't function. Unless there is a big change, I worry greatly that things can only become worse.”
In the late 1930s, when the generals and soldiers of the Communist Party of China (CPC) established a revolutionary base in Lyuliang in north China's Shanxi Province, they didn't know this mountain city would remain poor 80 years later.
Among the 13 counties in Lyuliang, 10 counties and 3,350 villages are still considered regions in ‘abject poverty', xinhuanet.com wrote.
With about 128,000 villages and over 40 million people in China still living in poverty, the country's fight against invaders and oppressors decades ago has now turned into a fight against poverty, as more than 120 CPC members have sacrificed their lives in the fight.
In the past 30 years, even with 700 million people lifted out of poverty, abject poverty remains one of China's top concerns.
It persists not only in areas around old revolutionary bases, but also in ethnic minority regions, border areas, and places with poor infrastructure, fragile environmental conditions and frequent natural disasters.
In late June, Chinese President Xi Jinping went to Lyuliang to visit poor families and talk with officials in charge of poverty alleviation work.
Xi called on the villagers to "roll up your sleeves and work harder, together with the CPC Central Committee".
China has set 2020 as the target year to complete the building of a moderately prosperous society, which requires the eradication of poverty. The task has become more difficult and costly as the process approaches its end.
According to global experience, the most difficult phase in poverty eradication is when the population living in poverty accounts for less than 10 percent of the overall population.
As of the end of 2016, there were still 43.35 million people in China living below the country's poverty line of 2,300 yuan (344.30 U.S. dollars) of annual income as constant with 2010 prices, accounting for about 3 percent of China's population.
To achieve the target in 2020, China needs to bring more than 10 million people out of poverty every year, meaning nearly one million people per month or 20 people per minute.
China is in a race with time, and President Xi has put himself on the front lines.
iBook charts for week ending April 22, 2018: (Rank, Book Title by Author Name, ISBN, Publisher :
iBooks US Bestseller List - Paid Books
1. A Higher Loyalty by James Comey - 9781250192462 - (Flatiron Books)
2. The Fallen by David Baldacci - 9781538761373 - (Grand Central Publishing)
Advertisement
3. The Silent Corner by Dean Koontz - 9780345546784 - (Random House Publishing Group)
4. Astrophysics for People in a Hurry by Neil de Grasse Tyson - 9780393609400 - (W. W. Norton & Company)
5. Come As You Are by Lauren Blakely - No ISBN Available - (Lauren Blakely Books)
6. After Anna by Lisa Scottoline - 9781250099679 - (St. Martin's Press)
7. Then She Was Gone by Lisa Jewell - 9781501154669 - (Atria Books)
8. I've Got My Eyes on You by Mary Higgins Clark - 9781501171697 - (Simon & Schuster)
9. Just One Look by Harlan Coben - 9781101146644 - (Penguin Publishing Group)
10. Here's to Us by Elin Hilderbrand - 9780316375153 - (Little, Brown and Company)
(copyright) 2018 Apple Inc.
____
Del. Danica Roem, D-Prince William, left, talks with supporters of Medicaid expansion as they celebrate a vote in the gallery of the Virginia Senate at the Capitol in Richmond, Va., Wednesday, May 30, 2018. Steve Helber AP Photo
As temperatures begin to heat up and students across the Valley prepare for a well-deserved break from school, that could only mean one thing: summer is around the corner in Las Vegas!
Whitney Community Center, located at 5700 E. Missouri Avenue, is kicking off summer fun with a 'Splash into Summer' event on Friday, May 25. The event features a family swim from 4 p.m. to 8 p.m., followed by a barbecue and ice cream provided by Anderson Dairy. Afterward, parents and kids have the option to head over next door to Whitney Park to enjoy a screening of the hit Disney Pixar film 'Coco' beginning at 8 p.m.
"There's no better way to kick off the summer and meet your neighbors than with a pool party, barbecue, ice cream and a movie," said Commissioner Jim Gibson, who represents the area. "The Whitney Pool is also offering summer swimming lessons, and I encourage families to register with the aquatics program on-site to take advantage of all that is being offered."
The family-friendly festivities are hosted by Commissioner Gibson, Clark County's Parks and Recreation Department, Metro and community partners, according to a media release.
Parents must accompany their children to the park and are encouraged to bring blankets, lawn chairs and pillows to watch the film comfortably.
The event is free to attend. For more information, visit the Clark County Recreation website.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
We feel that using the correct integrations can help you save a lot of valuable time and can be great tools for your digital marketing strategies and making them a success.
Below is a list of integrations that you need to apply that is imperative to run a successful digital marketing strategy:
1) Facebook Pixel – Vital to track Facebook ad performance on a website
A Facebook pixel is code that you place on your website that helps you track conversions from Facebook ads, optimize ads based on collected data, build targeted audiences for future ads, and remarket to qualified leads.
Visit Facebook Pixel
2) Google Analytics – Vital to track a websites visitors behaviour on the website or prior to reaching the website.
Google Analytics offers a very robust set of tools, statistics and reports to help understand what is really going on with a website.
• Learn where visitors come from and what they typed in to get there.
• Understand what visitors do once they arrive to the website.
• Learn how the website can convert more visitors into customers.
• See which keywords resonate with prospects and lead to conversions.
• Know which online ad or creative is the most effective (A/B Testing).
• Figure out how to develop not only more leads but higher quality leads.
• Track how many visitors completed a certain action (purchase, lead inquiry, call, etc).
Visit Google Analytics
3) Google Tag Manager – Vital to track conversion points or track events completed on a website by a visitor. This works together with Google Analytics.
Google Tag Manager is a tool that is often misunderstood, overused, and abused. It allows you to add marketing tags (snippets of code or tracking pixels) and conversion points on your website without having to modify the code. Saving valuable time.
Quite simply this tool allows for streamlined marketing strategy automation and to allow marketers to focus on the important aspects of your strategy, lead generation.
Below is an example of how Google Tag manager works.
To be very honest, the possibilities of how the Google Analytics and Google Tag Manager work together are endless!
Visit Google Tag Manager
4) Facebook Ad Campaign – Vital to run digital advertisements on Facebook social network.
Facebook currently has an active monthly base of 2.20 billion users.
An advertisement campaign created by a business on Facebook that's served to Facebook users based on user activity, demographic information, device use information, advertising and marketing partner-supplied information, and off-Facebook activity.
Facebook ads are so important to businesses because of the extra reach, exposure, and detailed targeting options that allow you to reach your specific audience. Having a business page on Facebook simply doesn't allow for optimal reach, growth and exposure as Facebook have implemented algorithms that restrict the content from your business page from reaching your full audience. At the moment only 6% of your audience will see your posts that are posted on your Facebook business page.
Running Facebook ad campaigns allow for you to select who sees your ads. You can simply add budget behind a specific post and select your defined target audience and the post will begin reaching a far larger audience within minutes.
Visit Facebook Business
5) Google Ads – Vital to run digital advertisements on Google Search Engine.
As of 2017, Google processes 3.5 billion searches per day. Each time a search is processed. Google displays adverts amount the search results.
Google Ads is paid advertising platform or pay per click (PPC) advertising platform to advertise on the Google Search Engine. The way it works is simple: People use *keywords (or search terms) to search for specific products and services. If the keywords you've chosen match what people search for, your paid ad appears next to or above organic Google search
*Keywords are words or phrases that are used to match your ads with the terms people are searching for. Selecting high quality, relevant keywords for your advertising campaign can help you reach the customers you want when you want.
Google Analytics is one of the best tools for lead generation. If your campaigns are set up properly, it has the potential to send extremely targeted leads to your website.
Google Ads allows you to focus on people who are searching for exactly what you have to offer.
It could include products or services. This means you can continually refine your searches so that only those who want to buy your products or services are sent to your websites through this platform.
Visit Google Ads
6) Infusionsoft (CRM & Email Marketing automation) – Vital to keep track of potential leads and nurture them to become qualified leads.
“Sales and marketing software that gets you organized, delivers personalized service, and closes more sales.”
With Infusionsoft your customers will enjoy personalized, relevant communication from their first website visit through every repeat purchase.
Customer Relationship Management (CRM) is a strategy for managing all your company's relationships and interactions with your leads and potential leads. It helps you improve your profitability.
Email automation is the most effective way to engage in email marketing because it enables you to send out messages to your customers at designated times.
An email automation system can save time by setting up the email platform to send messages when customers take specific actions. Automation sounds very robotic, but in fact, it allows business owners to develop closer relationships with their customers by maintaining effective communication and brand awareness.
Visit Infusionsoft
6) Zapier automation – Vital to provide a streamlined lead funnel and to guide your leads through your nurture process.
Zapier is an online automation tool that integrates with a vast amount of apps/software, such as Gmail, Slack, MailChimp, Most CRM's and over 1,000 more.
For example; when you receive a lead via a Facebook ad, you can have that lead inserted directly into your CRM system and you can send yourself an email notification that you have received a lead.
Zapier, is used to create streamlined lead flow and to direct your leads through the lead flow automatically, without you having to manually guide each lead through a lead. Saving valuable time for optimisation and lead generation.
Visit Zapier
6) Live chat – Vital to provide a solid and responsive communication channel between you and your potential leads.
Live chat is one of the more flexible tools you can use on your website. It helps you support customers in need of help. It allows you to increase your sales by engaging the right prospects at the right time as well as by generating a ton of new leads.
If a potential lead has a query about your service. They can simply contact you via Live Chat and find the answer to their query out immediately and make a decision to use your services.
“Many online consumers want help from a live person while they are browsing online; in fact, 44% of online consumers say that having questions answered by a live person while in the middle of browsing is one of the most important features a Web site can offer.”
An online chat system provides customers immediate access to support. Wait times are often much less than a call centre, and customers can easily multi-task while waiting.
Let us know what other great integrations you use in the comments.
View article on Techsite.io
A rally with white nationalists chanting phrases like "Jews will not replace us" and "end immigration, one people, one nation" was, as many expressed online, disturbing yet not really all that surprising.
Within hours of the tragedy in Charlottesville, journalists, scholars and other leading voices weighed in around the Internet, with analysis and deeper understanding of how this unfolded.
Below are some of the most revealing pieces we read.
Here at Code Switch, my teammate Gene Demby wrote about about how white nationalists are edging their movement out of the shadows:
"Richard Spencer, the white nationalist leader and University of Virginia alum who coined the term 'alt-right,' would likely count that openness as its own incremental success. 'If you greeted someone in 1985 and you said, 'all gays should marry,' you actually would get a lot of laughs,' Spencer told The Atlantic last year, not long after the election. 'By 2015, gay marriage is popular. What is possible has shifted. That's what the alt-right is doing. It's shifting the reality of what's possible, and imagining a reality in which they are.' "
Code Switch alum Matt Thompson, now executive editor at The Atlantic, riffed on the brazenness of the white supremacists who marched this weekend, compared with Klan members of decades past who hid under white hoods. "The shameless return of white supremacy into America's public spaces seems to be happening by degrees, and quickly," Thompson wrote.
Dara Lind, a reporter at Vox who wrote an explainer of the rally and its origins, described it as a "coming-out party for resurgent white nationalism in America."
Nathan Guttman, a reporter with Forward, an online news site aimed at Jewish Americans, penned a vivid piece about covering the march. He recounted watching as Spencer launched into a rant about the mayor of Charlottesville, Michael Signer.
" '[L]ittle Mayor Signer — SEE-NER — how do you pronounce this little creep's name?' asked Richard Spencer, a right-wing leader who dreams of a 'white ethnostate,' as he stood on a bench under a tree to rally his troops, deprived of their protest. The crowd knew exactly how to pronounce his name: 'Jew, Jew, Jew, Jew' some shouted out. The rest burst out in laughter. And that was one of the only moments of levity the alt-right audience gathered under the tree enjoyed."
And Jia Tolentino, a writer for The New Yorker and a graduate of the University of Virginia, meditated on Charlottesville's progressive guise and ability to hide its dark racial past. "While I was at U.V.A., the fact that slaves had built the school was hardly discussed, and the most prominent acknowledgment that Jefferson was a slave owner came on Valentine's Day, when signs went up all over campus that said 'TJ ♥s Sally.' "
Many writers also took on the response from President Trump, whose initial reaction to the violence in Charlottesville criticized equally both sides of the protest. "We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides," Trump said, in remarks that brought condemnation from both Democrats and Republicans.
Writing for The New Yorker, Jelani Cobb parsed Trump's initial response further:
"We have seen a great number of false equivalencies in the past two years, and the most recent Presidential election was defined by them. Yet it remains striking to hear Trump imply that Nazis and the interracial group of demonstrators who gathered to oppose them were, in essence, equally wrong. It would have been naïve to expect the President to unambiguously condemn neo-Confederates ("Heritage, not hate," etc.), but Nazis? For reasons that are not hard to discern, the swastika, at least in the United States, has always been more clearly legible as a symbol of racial bigotry than the Confederate flag."
Michael Gerson, a former speechwriter for President George W. Bush, lambasted Trump in a Washington Post piece, writing that the current president was "incapable" of speaking for the nation in the face of tragedy:
"If great words can heal and inspire, base words can corrupt. Trump has been delivering the poison of prejudice in small but increasing doses. In Charlottesville, the effect became fully evident. And the president had no intention of decisively repudiating his work. What do we do with a president who is incapable or unwilling to perform his basic duties? What do we do when he is incapable of outrage at outrageous things? What do we do with a president who provides barely veiled cover for the darkest instincts of the human heart? These questions lead to the dead end of political realism — a hopeless recognition of limited options. But the questions intensify."
On Monday, Trump responded to the increasing pressure to react more forcefully, and gave a stronger rebuke. "Racism is evil," Trump said. "And those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the K.K.K., neo-Nazis, white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans."
In a piece for Commentary Magazine, John Podhoretz, a former speechwriter for Presidents Ronald Reagan and George H.W. Bush, cast a skeptical eye toward Trump's remarks on Monday:
"You can choose to have whatever opinion you have on the president's statement today condemning white supremacists, but it's hard to believe he would have read it out if he'd had his druthers. No, the real Donald Trump was the one we saw on Saturday when he decided to condemn violence 'on many sides' in response to the deliberately provocative and intentionally violent neo-Nazi march in Charlottesville, Virginia; when he decided to refer to the events as 'sad' in tweets; when he wished 'best regards' to those injured by the car that was deliberately smashed into them, killing 1 and injuring 20. When he acted in that way, he was operating according to his instinct. And his instinct said: Do not attack the white supremacists."
What Trump's comments Monday mean for how, exactly, he will handle the resurgence of white supremacists, remains unclear.
As Maggie Haberman of The New York Times tweeted shortly after Trump's remarks on Monday:
VoIP has matured and paved the way for unified communication that is so necessary for enterprises and Ecosmob solution helps telecom service providers leverage their VoIP service to bring in value addition.
Ecosmob, a global VoIP development leader serving telecom industries and carriers, announced the launch of unified communication solution for such service providers. Describing it as a natural progression of things, a representative went on to say that VoIP has matured and telecom services show a healthy growth in this segment with a large number of adopters. This has paved the way for the next logical service provisioning which is unified communication that leverages existing VoIP setups.
“Our unified communication solution builds on the VoIP solution that we offer to telecom carriers and VoIP service providers. Ever thoughtful of our clients and the need to show them ways to increase revenue streams, we have worked on and have come up with unified communication that is so indispensable for businesses to deliver customer satisfaction in today's environments. VoIP mainly offers internet voice communications but unified communication or UC goes a step further in empowering communication over various channels through a single dashboard,” he elaborated.
He went on to say that VoIP service providers and carriers who already have an established client base of enterprises can now bring in additional revenue streams by offering UC as add-on or upgrades. UC will layer voice mail, fax, email and SMS as well as other channels of communications over VoIP in a seamlessly integrated way with control through a simple dashboard. Businesses are going in for UC in a big way and this is the right time for carriers and VoIP service providers to jump in and take advantage of the demand. UC offering works in two ways. Service providers can provide UC as an attractive add-on to existing VoIP customers. They can offer UC to enterprises that need this solution and, at the same time, benefit by also including VoIP since UC is layered on VoIP and this gives the service providers double benefit.
UC implementation does involve effort and time, he continued and for that, Ecosmob, the best unified communication solution providers, will give total support by way of customization, white labeling, installation and setup and even training where necessary so that VoIP service providers can convert inquiries and have satisfied customers. As in its other offerings, Ecosmob unified communication solution is advanced, leverages the power of open technologies and is developed from the customer perspective, which features give it a head start. Implementing unified communication is generally believed to be expensive but Ecosmob solution and package is designed to be affordable, even for small businesses, which should help VoIP service providers rope in more customers.
Ecosmob welcomes inquiries from global VoIP service providers for its Unified Communication offering. They may be contacted on phone 91 79 40054019, 1-303-997-3139, email sales@ecosmob.com or via website https:/www.ecosmob.com.
This is breaking news. Court to hear Karti Chidambaram's pleas.
The CBI court has agreed to hear Kari Chidambaram's pleas. The FIR for Karti's case was registered in Delhi.
READ ALSO: Karti Chidambaram 1.16 crore assets seized by the ED authorities
Karti questions the jurisdiction. He asked: “Which court has jurisdiction in my case?”
Further details awaiting.
Abuja – The National Association of Nigerian Students (NANS) has called on the Federal Government to look into the plight of the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) to avert the indefinite strike.
Mr Chinonso Obasi, National President, NANS made the call in a statement made available to newsmen in Abuja on Monday.
“It is with deep pain and regret that NANS received the news of another indefinite strike by ASUU over the Federal Government's indifference to their plight.
“Nigerian students sees the break down in negotiations as a further proof that political leaders don't care about their future.
” Consequently, we wish to call on the Federal Government to do all it can to get ASUU back to the classrooms.
“The demands of ASUU are reasonable and touch on the integrity of government, especially in the light of the fight against corruption,” he said.
According to him, NANS finds it hard to believe that past governments would fail to honour agreements with members of ASUU for more than seven years.
Obasi, however, said the association in the light of the foregoing gave the Federal Government 21 days to resolve outstanding issues with ASUU in the interest of longsuffering Nigerian students.
He explained that the students would be forced to bear the brunt of the break down in the negotiation between the union and the government.
He added that NANS would be meeting in the coming week with leaders of ASUU to find out their irreducible minimum in their demands.
He threatened that if by the expiration of 21days ultimatum, the issue was not resolved, Nigerian students would be forced to ground activities in the country.
The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that ASUU on Monday officially announced the commencement of its nationwide industrial actions at a news conference held in Abuja.(NAN
This weekend's episode of Saturday Night Takeaway has been cancelled after Ant McPartlin was arrested on suspicion of drink-driving.
Instead of the family entertainment show going ahead, ITV bosses and Ant's rep have confirmed he will be heading to a rehab facility.
In a statement, an ITV spokesman confirmed: "ITV has taken a joint decision with Ant and Dec's team not to broadcast Saturday Night Takeaway this weekend.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
"We will be reviewing options for the last two episodes of the series which would not feature Ant, who is taking time off to seek treatment.
"We very much hope he gets the help that he needs."
Receiving an OBE in January 2017 Getty Images
Ant's rep, Simon Jones, meanwhile tweeted: "Ant has decided to go back into treatment and step down from his current TV commitments.
"He has spoken with Dec and ITV today and asked for time off for the foreseeable future. As such Saturday Night Takeaway will not be going ahead this Saturday.”
A statement from Ant & Dec:
“Ant has decided to go back into treatment and step down from his current TV commitments. He has spoken with Dec and ITV today and asked for time off for the foreseeable future. As such ‘Saturday Night Takeaway' will not be going ahead this Saturday.” — Simon Jones (@simonjonespr) March 19, 2018
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
News of Ant's arrest broke late on Sunday night. It was alleged the presenter was travelling through west London when his black Mini Cooper veered into the wrong lane on a sharp bend.
Ant was breathalysed at the scene and arrested on suspicion of drink-driving, before being held in police custody for more than ten hours, returning home at 2.40am this morning, reports stated.
At the NTAs in January 2018 Getty Images
An eyewitness commented: "Ant looked in a right state and was acting argumentatively toward a policewoman. I couldn't believe it when I saw who it was.
"The [police]woman was trying to arrest him and get him in the police car but he clearly wasn't having it. He was not making it easy for her and he seemed to be trying to wriggle out of her clutches. He was not in a good way. Eventually she got him in the police car. There were about six or seven police cars in total."
Another eyewitness reported: "Near a bend in the road there were two badly damaged Minis which looked as though they'd collided and a BMW X5 — and people wandering around in shock. A family had been in the green Mini which had its front end completely smashed in."
No charges have been made.
Earlier this year, Ant confirmed that he and his wife of 11 years, makeup artist Lisa Armstrong, are to divorce.
by
I love my job. I have had to spend hours and hours in the venerable Spy Test Kitchen working on and trying out various deelish snackum recipes to serve at a football event that is coming up this weekend. (The owners of this event are quite litigious, so it must remain nameless. But you know what I mean. New England. Philadelphia. The big one.)
As the football teams gather in Minneapolis, we will assemble ourselves in the living room. Mr. Friday will watch the game from the sofa, and I will curl up in an adjacent chair, binge-watching a few episodes of ER on my Kindle. (I love technology!)
Originally I thought that I would make Philadelphia cheesesteak sandwiches and New England lobster rolls as clear representations of the two teams. But both sandwiches require a lot of prep work, and really are more delicious in their native settings. And that is not mentioning how crucial good crispy hot French fries are. I do not have enough arms to juggle all three.
https://www.boston.com/culture/food/2018/01/30/history-of-new-england-lobster-roll-philly-cheesesteak
Instead, I propose these delicious nachos garnered from Food52, which is the spot for all your food questions. I added some taco meat to the batch I made batch earlier this week, but you might be entertaining some vegetarians, so this recipe is just perfect. https://food52.com/recipes/60524-salad-nachos
Two helpful take aways I got from this recipe were just mind-blowing! 1. Open your chip bags from the bottom! Then all the little broken mingey bits are the first out of the bag, and you can cover them easily with the unbroken, easily more delicious chips that float on top. 2. 500 degrees F. I usually bake our nachos at 350°, and the cheese melts slowly, and doesn't get good and gooey. 500 degrees lightly scorches the edges of the chips and the refried beans, and I am transported back to the first Mexican food I ever enjoyed at Mama Vicky's El Acapulco in South Norwalk, Connecticut.
Here is a list of possible toppings for your Game Plan:
taco meat
pulled pork
shredded chicken (think leftover rotisserie chicken!)
sliced grilled steak
diced sausage
leftover chili (I just found a bowl from Monday in the fridge!)
shrimp
crab
crumbled bacon
black beans
pinto beans
refried beans
sliced pitted black olives
shredded Cheddar cheese
shredded mozzarella cheese
shredded pepper jack cheese
shredded Muenster cheese
crumbled feta cheese
sour cream
chopped onions
caramelized onions
chopped jalapeños (fresh – not out of a jar!)
chopped green/red/yellow peppers
sautéed green/red/yellow peppers
chopped tomatoes
radish slices
chopped scallions
diced avocado
guacamole
shredded lettuce
fresh cilantro
roasted corn
zucchini (if you still have some left from your neighbor's summer's harvest)
salsa
From J. Kenji Lopez-Alt – the perfect cheese sauce: http://www.seriouseats.com/recipes/2010/09/cheese-sauce-for-cheese-fries-and-nachos.html
Ostensibly, you can make a Philadelphia Cheesesteak batch of nachos: top the chips with sliced roast beef or steak, smother in Kenji's sauce and carmelized onions. Yumsters.
Or, you can make some New England lobster nachos, which are fancier. I guess it depends on your crowd: chips, lobster tail meat (about 3 ounces), roasted corn, chopped tomato and shredded cheddar or Kenji's deliciousness to even the playing field.
For the few of you who will ruin a party by not wanting to consume mass quantities of corn chips, we do offer a kale alternative: https://minimalistbaker.com/kale-chip-nachos-30-minutes/
“…So please, be tolerant of those who describe a sporting moment as their best ever. We do not lack imagination, nor have we had sad and barren lives; it is just that real life is paler, duller, and contains less potential for unexpected delirium.”
― Nick Hornby
A former head of maths at St Colman's College in Newry, described by a judge as a “persistent, predatory and opportunistic offender who abused young people,” was jailed for 13 years on Wednesday.
Ordering the sentences for each of his six victims to be served consecutively to each other, Judge Brian Sherard told 75-year-old Patrick James Carton said the penalty was “entirely in keeping with your course of persistent offending”.
Standing in the dock of Downpatrick Crown Court, sitting in Antrim, Carton appeared shocked at the sentence while his relatives close by in the public gallery held their hands to their faces and cried.
Jailing the former teacher and imposing a Sexual Offences Prevention Order to run alongside the jail sentence, Judge Sherard told Carton he had been a “beacon of respectability” and had devoted his career to teaching maths to children “with some considerable success”but “it's clear that you have been offending from middle age”.
At the end of his seven week trial last March, the jury of seven women and five men found Carton unanimously guilty on 28 counts of indecent assault and by a majority decision of 11 to one on a further count of indecent assault, all of which were committed on dates between February 17th 1983 and 30 June 30th 2007.
The jury heard that Carton, from Marguerite Close in Newcastle and who taught at St Colman's in Newry and De la Salle in Downpatrick, had given private maths lessons to the six victims, abusing them in their own bedrooms.
The jury heard similar testimony from the six victims, five female and one male, each of them teenagers at the time of the abuse. They said Carton had a “star system” of discipline with three stars serving “as a warning,” four stars resulting in a smack, five leading to a smack over underwear and six stars meant the pupil was smacked on his or her bare bottom.
The victims gave evidence that on occasions, Carton instructed them to lie on their bed where he smacked them but that in other incidents they were “put across” Carton's knee.
One of the women repeatedly assaulted by Carton told the jury she had repeatedly told Carton to stop but that it was “very hard” for a teenager to challenge a then 50 year-old man.
“I told him I didn't want to get smacked. I didn't like it. It was not right,” she said.
“He said this would make me pass my maths. It would make my parents proud.”
She outlined how, when she was in lower sixth and before she got her A level results, the abuse escalated to sexual touching with Carton telling her it was her “award” for doing well in her lessons.
Another woman said Carton had “ruined” her life, while other victims told the court how they remembered their tears falling onto their work sheets and how the smacking left them unable to concentrate.
The male victim recounted how Carton pulled his pants down to smack him while being taught maths at his home in the 1980s, describing one incident where he had to “fight him off with his pants around his ankles” because Carton would not stop hitting him.
During his police interviews Carton told police he did not smack the children to punish but, in his mind, it was to challenge the children and had always been done with the parents' consent.
He denied gaining any sexual gratification or any criminal wrongdoing, telling police it was “the most effective method” that led to “the best results”.
Defence barrister Mark Barlow conceded that although Carton “is going to custody” he submitted his offences were “at the bottom of the scale”.
In his lengthy sentencing remarks, however, Judge Sherard said it was his view, having read the reports and heard the evidence, that despite his years Carton was “nothing less of a danger now than when you committed these offences”.
As well as the jail sentence, Carton was orders to sign the police sex offenders register for the rest of his life.
Speaking afterwards, Inspector Michelle Shaw from the PSNI Public Protection Branch welcomed the sentencing.
“The six victims have shown great strength in coming forward and throughout the seven week trial at Downpatrick Crown Court. I hope today's result has lifted a huge weight from their shoulders,” she said.
A newly developed vaccine for glioblastoma shows 'remarkable' promise, according to preliminary results from a study of the treatment. Patients with the disease typically die within 2 years. Some in the trial have now lived as long as 7 years. Evan Vucci AP
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Derby County will be hoping to pit their wits against Premier League champions Chelsea next season.
The Rams are looking to end their 10-year exile from the top flight, and are currently on course to do so – occupying the second automatic promotion spot in the Championship.
Chelsea is notorious for loaning out a vast amount of their young players – with the club's official website stating they have 37 players out on loan, the latest being Kasey Palmer who joined Derby County on transfer deadline day.
High-profile names include Tammy Abraham, Kurt Zouma and Lewis Baker, while a lot of the Academy prospects are also out getting first-team experience.
Derby can draw comparison to that – albeit on a lesser scale.
Deadline day loan deals for Chris Martin and Mason Bennett meant that the Rams currently have 17 players out on loan.
(Image: Jason Dawson/ Reading Football Club)
They range from first-team stalwarts, to youngsters looking to further their current Under-23 experience.
First-teamers Jacob Butterfield and Craig Bryson joined Sheffield Wednesday and Cardiff City in the summer – while Jason Shackell and Darren Bent are at Millwall and Burton Albion.
Shackell and Bent have left this window, along with Max Lowe, Charles Vernam, Callum Guy, Offrande Zanzala, Emil Jakobsen, Martin and Bennett.
Alex Cover (Alfreton), Kyron Stabana (Boston), Kelle Roos (Plymouth) have also all spent time out on loan. Farrend Rawson was on loan at Accrington before his permanent move to Forest Green Rovers.
Here's a full list of the players currently out on loan:
Jacob Butterfield – Sheffield Wednesday
Craig Bryson – Cardiff City
Timi Max Elsnik – Swindon Town
Kellan Gordon – Swindon Town
Calum Macdonald – Barrow
Nick Blackman – Maccabi Tel Aviv
Henrich Ravas – Gainsborough Trinity
Matthew Taylor – Gainsborough Trinity
Max Lowe – Shrewsbury Town
Charles Vernam – Grimsby Town
Callum Guy – Bradford City
Offrande Zanzala – Accrington Stanley
Emil Jakobsen – VVV Venlo
Jason Shackell – Millwall
Darren Bent – Burton Albion
Chris Martin – Reading
Mason Bennett – Notts County
As part of our ongoing “Resist Trump” effort, I've created a new anti-Trump t-shirt that I call “un-American.” 100% of the proceeds go to financing our work to fight the Trump agenda.
The shirt incorporates ~250 words describing the horror that is Donald Trump. From racist, sexist, and homophobe to pretty much anything you can come up with, I included it.
Buy your shirt here, only available for the next two weeks.
Here is a close-up of the design, and below is how the shirt looks from afar. The idea is to have it be a bit of a surprise as you get closer to the shirt.
We have six t-shirt colors, including: white, black, navy blue, sports grey, red, and brown. Shirt costs $20 each, with an additional charge for shipping. And 100% of the profits go to support our work — as we sell more shirts, our margins grow.
This campaign will run for two weeks. I hope you like it, and thanks as always for your support. Get your shirt here! And thanks as always, JOHN
With the election of Donald Trump, AMERICAblog's independent journalism and activism is more needed than ever.
Please support our work with a generous donation. (If you prefer PayPal, use this link.) We don't make much on advertising, we need your support to continue our work. Thanks.
Follow me on Twitter & Facebook:
Follow @aravosis
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) – Authorities in northern Minnesota are asking the public's help in finding a runaway teenager who might be in the Twin Cities area.
The Moorhead Police Department says it's seeking help in finding 17-year-old Katlyn Morin, who ran away from home in late January.
Police say Morin is believed to be in the St. Paul area.
Morin is described as standing 5-feet, 4-inches tall, weighing 110 pounds with brown eyes and bright red hair.
Anyone with information on her whereabouts is asked to call their local law enforcement.
Flyers forward Wayne Simmonds dropped his gloves for a fight with Ducks defenseman Kevin Bieksa and ended up being led off of the ice without his shirt.
FIGHT! @kbieksa3 and Simmonds drop the gloves just 1:35 into this one! #LetsGoDucks — Anaheim Ducks (@AnaheimDucks) January 2, 2017
Seconds into the fight, Simmonds' helmet popped off and then his jersey started to slip off, prompting the game's play-by-play announcer to comment: “That is not a good thing.”
The Ducks won in overtime, 4-3.
(Thanks to NBC Sports for sharing)
Our makeup habits have to change over the years. What once was flattering might age you now. We discovered the best 8 tips that will take ages off your face. Don't be surprised if you...
Cloud computing platforms are still quietly expanding inside data centers. In a new product update, the Google Cloud Platform team announced that significantly more compute power is being made available for use.
Running on Intel Xeon Skylake processors, configurations of up to 96 vCPUs and 624GB of memory are now available as part of three standard configurations. The lower tier options still have the same 96 cores but have less memory. It may seem that such extreme configurations are unnecessary, but customers still have the option to scale even further. The absolute top of the line option from Google Cloud Platform now allows an astounding 9.75TB of memory paired with 16 of the 96 vCPU nodes.
For businesses and curious individuals, there are still custom machine types available that allow a reduced number of CPU cores and less memory to bring pricing down into more affordable territory. Older generations of CPUs can also be used to help bring costs down if compute time is not critical.
If you are still left confused as to what someone actually can do with mass quantities of compute power, you probably are not alone. Google is promoting the fact that their instances are certified for SAP HANA, a database software that stores information in memory instead of on traditional hard drives to greatly reduce the time it takes to retrieve data. Faster querying of information is highly beneficial for scientific research and for analyzing mass quantities of data.
Time Warner Inc. isn't even on the block yet, but Apple is staying extra close to any possible movement on this front, The Post has learned. The tech giant is...
ROME (AP) — Italy's president, who is holding and playing a key card in the nation's fast-evolving political crisis, was a timid law professor abruptly thrust into public life when the Mafia gunned down his brother on a Sicilian street in 1980.
In the decades since, Sergio Mattarella has developed a reputation as a principled politician who has transformed what was viewed as a mainly ceremonial office into the dynamic role of defender of Italy's place in Europe.
Mattarella, 76, a former parliamentary law professor and Constitutional Court jurist, came under verbal attack this week from his country's populist politicians — and citizens who want them to take power. They allege the president is thwarting the will of the people as expressed at the ballot box on March 4.
Earlier this week, Luigi Di Maio, who leads Parliament's largest party, the euro-skeptic 5-Star Movement, raised the specter of impeaching Mattarella. The threat came after the president refused to submit to populist demands to appoint, as economy minister, an advocate of a backup plan for Italy's exit from the euro currency.
Advertisement
Mattarella stood his ground, as did Di Maio and fellow populist Matteo Salvini, who demanded the euroskeptic economy minister be part of what would have been the nation's first populist government. As head of state, the president has constitutional authority to name the premier and approve new ministers.
His refusal to bow to pressure reflects his character and courage of convictions, those who have followed Mattarella's career say.
Mattarella is someone "with strong, deep values," said Sergio Fabbrini, director of the school of government at Rome's private LUISS university. "His family was a bourgeois family that stood up to the Mafia and refused to compromise" with the powerful organization based in Sicily.
In his native Palermo, Mattarella and his family were ready for Epiphany Day Mass in 1980, when his older brother, Piersanti, then governor of Sicily, was assassinated in his car on one of the city's most elegant streets. Sergio Mattarella rushed to the car, cradling his brother, still breathing, in his arms.
Until that moment, the future president "had been a shy law professor," said Paolo Pagliaro, an Italian journalist. "That day signaled the start of the public life of Sergio Mattarella."
Three years later, Mattarella entered Parliament. In some ways, he seemed the classic Christian Democrat, stressing moderation and compromise. His politics tilted toward the center-left.
But as he climbed the political ladder, Mattarella also left no doubt that on some matters, there could be no compromise.
In 1990, he quit his post as education minister to protest a law that helped to pave the way for Silvio Berlusconi to assemble a media empire, including all three of Italy's main private TV networks.
That decade saw the main political parties, including the Christian Democrats, swept from power by the Clean Hands corruption probes.
"All the public institutions were shaken. The only institution that guaranteed the state was the president of the Republic," Fabbrini said in a telephone interview.
The head of state is elected by Parliament and serves a seven-year term.
The new prestige translated into a growing role for Italy's head of state, which developed into "a sort of guarantor of internal equilibrium and the reference point for European politics," he said.
Thus, Mattarella, who was serving as a Constitutional Court judge before being elected president in 2015, not only defends the 1948 Constitution, but European constitution as well, said Fabbrini.
Mattarella's willingness to accommodate different viewpoints — but also to draw lines he won't cross — ultimately played out in the current political crisis.
In rebuffing the populists' demands, Mattarella evoked a sense of justice, describing how the markets' turmoil was eroding Italians savings and driving up business loan costs.
The populist narrative, Fabbrini said, depicts institutions like the presidency as "the bastion of the elite" and the "enemy of the people."
In a critical moment, Mattarella crafted an alternative narrative.
___
Frances D'Emilio is on Twitter at www.twitter.com/fdemilio
Richard Sherman apologized for berating his coaches. Sort of.
He called the ESPN story from last month that detailed locker-room strife described by unnamed sources on the team baseless “clickbait” with an unnecessarily “controversial, nonsense angle.”
The three-time All-Pro cornerback said no, he — “we” — did not want to be traded out of Seattle this offseason. He added such trade talks about him with the Seahawks “happens every year,” but just got known this time.
Want more on the juicy idea Sherman resents/can't stand/blows up routinely at quarterback Russell Wilson? You've come to the wrong place and wrong guy, Sherman said.
And for those wondering about Sherman's future with the Seahawks, the 29-year-old star said he wants to play for Seattle for the rest of his career.
“I would definitely like to retire a Seahawk and finish my career here,” Sherman said Wednesday following the second practice of the Seahawks' three-day minicamp.
“You know, we've ... started something special and I think it would be best to end something special here. I think this is a great city. This is a city that I would like to raise my kids in. The people here are much more polite than the people in L.A. — and I'm from L.A., so that's saying a lot.
“I think that it would be a great place to raise kids and to continue my career.”
This press conference was the exact opposite of this winter's Sherman-trade-talk narrative.
It was Sherman saying he has a “brand-new, old attitude. It's like I'm taking it back...like (when) I was a cold dude. I'm getting back to my ways.”
It was the first time he's spoken so extensively — also like old times — to Seattle's media at large in a press conference since mid-December.
And, yes, a thing or three has happened with and been said about him in the past six months.
After Sherman's tumultuous 2016, Seahawks general manager John Schneider confirmed unsubstantiated reports the team was listening to trade offers for one of Seattle's franchise pillars since 2012.
“It's just a conversation they have every year. I guess this year, more people knew about it,” Sherman said. “It's a conversation they have every year — everybody's open, everybody's available. They just made sure I knew, and you guys found out. Pretty open about it.
“It was never a situation where anybody asked for it. It was just a conversation. …We just had conversations about it. It is what it is. Great conversations, great dialogue. We were transparent. Nobody's worried about it.”
Why would the Seahawks, who drafted him in the fifth round in 2011 and made him a starter in year one, think of trading one of the best players at one of the most difficult positions to play in the game?
“Because they are always open to possibilities, to hear what people's got to say,” Sherman said. “If somebody comes with two first-rounders I wouldn't blame them in the least, you know?”
He chuckled at that.
“But it's just conversation. I think we have a fantastic relationship, and always have. And it's always been transparent to have those communications and not have them in a, in a rude or discourteous way, but just professionally.”
facebook Twitter email Share More Videos 2:13 Michael Bennett on Colin Kaepernick: "There is no logical reason" why QB remains unemployed Pause 2:06 Michael Bennett: Russell Wilson is "the perfect quarterback" for Seahawks, "perfect leader" 2:07 Richard Sherman on ESPN story of Seahawks locker-room strife: "Nonsense" 2:11 Richard Sherman: "We didn't" ask for trade from Seahawks this offseason 2:43 Richard Sherman says he wants to play for the Seahawks for the rest of his career 1:19 Richard Sherman: "I may have gone over the top" in sideline confrontations with Seahawks coaches 3:01 Pete Carroll on Earl Thomas's return from broken leg: "He looks good" 0:40 Kam Chancellor says Seahawks have yet to talk to him about a new deal 2:36 Seahawks safety Kam Chancellor returns from surgery on both ankles, briefly being in wheelchair 2:50 Earl Thomas, full go 6 months after broken tibia. "I will be ready for the first game." Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select
facebook
facebook Twitter
twitter email Richard Sherman on ESPN story of Seahawks locker-room strife: "Nonsense" Gregg Bell gbell@thenewstribune.com
One of the many claims in Seth Wickersham's May 25 story on ESPN.com was Sherman and the defense don't like Wilson, and believe he gets preferential treatment by the Seahawks.
Sherman said his relationship with Wilson is the opposite of that portrayal.
“It's fantastic. It's fantastic,” he said. “We're teammates. It's like a family. It's like everyone else in a family. We fight for one another, just like I'm fighting for the other 52 guys out there, I'm fighting for him and he's fighting for us.
“We have a great appreciation for how tough our quarterback is and what he has played through. Last year he played through a number of injuries and he's not doing that just because ‘Ah man, I've got to go out there and it's a job.' He's doing that for the guys next to him. And we appreciate that. And we think he is a great quarterback.
“But it doesn't matter what we say. It doesn't matter what we say at the end of the day, because we could say that until the cows come home, but one guy says he has a story and he's heard a rumor about this, about somebody down the way saying something, and that is the truth.”
A few minutes later, teammate Michael Bennett called Wilson “the perfect quarterback for the Seahawks, a perfect leader.”
“You could say ‘Well, the Patriots probably think Tom Brady gets treated differently than everybody else,' ” Sherman said.
At that point, Bennett walked by and said of Brady: “He does.”
“But it would be a legitimate claim. You could make a legitimate claim,” Sherman said of NFL QB's getting treated differently. “You could make this exact same story out of just about any of the teams in the playoffs, and a couple that weren't in the playoffs last year. Any competitive team that has a great offense and great defense, Super Bowl teams, Atlanta and New England, freaking Green Bay, I guarantee you, you go to a practice in the middle of training camp and mic'd everybody up you wouldn't be able to produce that story, you wouldn't be able to produce that dialogue, you would never be able to produce that audio (because of inappropriate language). Because that's what it takes.”
facebook Twitter email Share More Videos 2:13 Michael Bennett on Colin Kaepernick: "There is no logical reason" why QB remains unemployed Pause 2:06 Michael Bennett: Russell Wilson is "the perfect quarterback" for Seahawks, "perfect leader" 2:07 Richard Sherman on ESPN story of Seahawks locker-room strife: "Nonsense" 2:11 Richard Sherman: "We didn't" ask for trade from Seahawks this offseason 2:43 Richard Sherman says he wants to play for the Seahawks for the rest of his career 1:19 Richard Sherman: "I may have gone over the top" in sideline confrontations with Seahawks coaches 3:01 Pete Carroll on Earl Thomas's return from broken leg: "He looks good" 0:40 Kam Chancellor says Seahawks have yet to talk to him about a new deal 2:36 Seahawks safety Kam Chancellor returns from surgery on both ankles, briefly being in wheelchair 2:50 Earl Thomas, full go 6 months after broken tibia. "I will be ready for the first game." Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select
facebook
facebook Twitter
twitter email Richard Sherman: "I may have gone over the top" in sideline confrontations with Seahawks coaches Gregg Bell gbell@thenewstribune.com
Coach Pete Carroll has said since last season that “Richard went through a lot last year, and most of it self-inflicted.”
Sherman shouted at defensive coordinator Kris Richard after a coverage foul-up during an October win over Atlanta. He shouted at offensive coordinator Darrell Bevell and Carroll over play calling during a December win over Los Angeles. He refused to speak to local media members by season's end. And, Carroll revealed after last season, Sherman played through a sprained knee ligament.
“I may have gone over the top in some encounters,” Sherman said. “And I've talked to (those coaches). And at the end of the day, those are the only people I feel I need to talk to.”
“I'm a heart-on-the-sleeve kind of player,” Sherman said. “At times it might have gotten overblown. I might have gone over the top. But (Carroll) understood where it was coming from, and so did my teammates. We are competitors. We are a competitive team. That's why my teammates, they still ride with me. They still ‘ride or die,' because good times or bad times, just like a family, you are going to have good times and bad ... they are going to ride with me through the good and the bad, and I am going to ride with them through the good and the bad, because we've been there. We're battle-tested.”
So two years and four months later, does the Super Bowl 49 loss to New England, when Wilson infamously threw an interception from the Patriots' 1-yard line in the final seconds, still linger over and affect this team? The main thrust of that ESPN story was that Sherman — and Seattle's defensive veterans — do.
“I don't. Because for it to linger, most of these guys would have to be here, and the guys that are here have moved past it,” Sherman said. “I mean we've had Pro Bowled, All-Pro seasons since then, and we're battling… I don't think that has anything to do with a Super Bowl hangover or anything.
“I think we still have the tools and we still have everything we need. We win it this year, and I think the questions are still the same. I think it's just, ‘Oh, they got one: Is the window closing?'
“Because you always need a story.”
Love is definitely in the air this season and people have various ways of showing it. Popular Nollywood actress/comedienne Eniola Badmus decided to share hers with the children at SOS Children's Village, Isolo.
The actress took lots of foodstuff and household items to the home and spent some quality time with the children.
According to the actress; ‘It is important to give back to society especially at a time like this. Things may be tough but always remember no matter how tough it is for you there are others who have things tougher.'
Today also marks the 13th anniversary of the passing away of her Mum. More photos below…
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Automotive Spoiler Sunroof Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report Webasto, Inalfa, Inteva, Yachiyo, Mobitech, Aisin Seiki, Wanchao, Mingfang Automotive Parts, Johnson Manufacturing, Motiontec, Shenghua Wave Group, Donghee, Jincheng, DeFuLai.
The report begins with introducing the global Automotive Spoiler Sunroof market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Automotive Spoiler Sunroof report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-automotive-spoiler-sunroof-market/5903/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Automotive Spoiler Sunroof Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: Power Sunroof, Manual Sunroof.
Automotive Spoiler Sunroof Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: SUV, Sedan & Hatchback, Other Vehicle.
Key points in the Automotive Spoiler Sunroof Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-automotive-spoiler-sunroof-market/5903/#inquiry
From all of this Automotive Spoiler Sunroof market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Automotive Spoiler Sunroof market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Automotive Spoiler Sunroof distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
The high concentration of international as well as regional companies has made the vendor landscape of the global oral contraceptive pills market highly competitive, observes a recent market research report by Transparency Market Research. To gain a stronger hold on the market, companies are seen focusing on untapped regional markets with vast unmet needs. Companies have also increased their focus on ways of improving visibility of their products in emerging market through ploughing more funds into innovative marketing strategies to gain the attention of masses towards the benefits of contraceptives in conservative regions.
Request for the Sample Report @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=S&rep_id=8323
Some of the leading companies in the market are Allergan (Actavis) plc., Teva Pharmaceutical, Alkem, Taj Pharma, and Zydus Alidec. According to the report, the global oral contraceptive pills market is expected to rise to a valuation of US$22.9 bn by 2023.
Based on the type of medication, the segment of combination oral contraceptive pills remains one of the leading and most lucrative segments and is likely to rise to a valuation of US$18 bn by 2023. The segment is also expected to surpass other segments in terms of growth rate, continuing to account for a significant share in the overall market by the end of the report's forecast period.
Geographically, the market in North America is expected to continue to dominate the global market over the forecast period. The market in Asia Pacific, however, is expected to emerge as the most promising regional market in terms of new growth opportunities. Factors such as high population, increased awareness regarding the need for contraceptives for birth control and the easy availability of oral contraceptives as a convenient way of birth control are expected to work in favor of the regional market.
Request for Discount @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=D&rep_id=8323
Some of the key factors driving the global oral contraceptive pills market include a stark rise in the prevalence of unwanted pregnancies, among married as well as unmarried women globally, increased awareness regarding the need easy availability of contraceptives, and rise in efforts from governments to increased awareness regarding contraceptives. Changing lifestyles, rapidly melting social, religious, and ethical barriers, and late pregnancies are also leading to a significant surge in the uptake of oral contraceptive pills globally.
However, the market continues to be limited by social and religious barriers across a number of conservatives developed as well as developing countries. Thus a large population of women across the globe confined by these factors is either unable to acquire contraceptives or are required to abstain from the usage of any form of contraceptives. These factors could hamper the growth of the market to a certain degree over the report's forecast period. Stringent regulations and policies associated with reproductive rights could also challenge the growth of the oral contraceptive pills market in certain countries in the near future.
Request for Report TOC @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/report-toc/8323
About Us
Transparency Market Research is a global market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. Our experienced team of Analysts, Researchers, and Consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information.
Our data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts, so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With a broad research and analysis capability, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques in developing distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact Us
Transparency Market Research,
90 Sate Street, Suite 700,
Albany, NY 12207
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/
BARGERSVILLE, Ind. (WISH) — Some Johnson County residents spent Wednesday cleaning up after storms made a brief stop in the area a day earlier.
They left a trail of damage in White River Township. One house in the Center Grove school district has about $300,000 damage after lightning struck it. Other homes had roof damage. Another homeowner lost a barn. Many lost their sense of security.
Eric Funkhouser, a division chief with Bargersville Community Fire Department, said, “It was a tiny storm on the radar. It didn't even look like anything that would've done that kind of damage. But it packed a lot of punch.”
He added, “I started noticing big tree branches falling in the field that I was sitting at — so within two, three minutes after that, we got our first call, which was for a tree into a house on Whiteland Road.”
All along Whiteland Road, tree limbs were spread across yards.
No one was injured in the storm, but two firefighters suffered heat-related injuries that were not life-threatening.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: China shakes up 2,000-year-old salt monopoly
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Indiana governor calling special legislative session
hello
INDIANAPOLIS -- Indiana's governor says he'll be calling state lawmakers back for a special session in May after the Republican-controlled House and Senate reached last week's adjournment deadline without taking up a number of key bills.
Republican Gov. Eric Holcomb said Monday he wanted the session to focus on tax issues and providing additional money for school safety.
The special session became a possibility after chaotic hours leading up to Wednesday night's deadline for concluding the scheduled 2018 legislative session.
Republican House Speaker Brian Bosma and GOP Senate leader David Long blamed each other for the late night unraveling.
Among the bills that died were measures to boost school safety, allow for driver-less cars, eliminated handgun license fees and make adjustments to the tax system.
Adrian Gonzalez didn't come to the Mets to imitate anyone else Veteran first baseman Adrian Gonzalez, who is entering his first season with the Mets, takes a swing at some Q&A with Post columnist Steve Serby. Q: What are your impressions...
Adrian Gonzalez doesn't care what you think about his camp PORT ST. LUCIE — Adrian Gonzalez arrived to spring training expecting something of a competition for the Mets' first-base job, but may have already won it by default. As Dominic...
Amed Rosario about to get back on the field WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. — Amed Rosario (groin) is expected to make the trip across the state Friday and get a plate appearance against the Tigers, according to Mickey Callaway....
Adrian Gonzalez has one more shot to avoid becoming extinct JUPITER, Fla. — Adrian Gonzalez exists in a narrow strip between distinction and extinction these days. A former star who now belongs to a genus disappearing from the landscape: the...
Robert Gsellman thinks he's found the pitch that killed him PORT ST. LUCIE — Robert Gsellman's emphasis on physical therapy this offseason may have paid initial dividends Sunday. The Mets right-hander found his sinker — a pitch that had largely...
New Mets vets see added benefit in playing exhibition games PORT ST. LUCIE — Adrian Gonzalez still is trying to figure out who is who on the Mets, so the early start to the Grapefruit League schedule this spring is...
Adrian Gonzalez's new plan for avoiding more back problems PORT ST. LUCIE — Adrian Gonzalez's back and bat are intertwined: If one is good, chances are so is the other. For now the back is fine, according to the...
Jason Vargas signing rounds off strong offseason for the Mets PORT ST. LUCIE — With Friday's signing of Jason Vargas, the Mets have seemingly completed their busy offseason. Graded on a curve, they get an A. Go ahead and bemoan...
The Mets' first-base competition may already be decided PORT ST. LUCIE — Dominic Smith is in shape and ready to compete for the Mets' first-base job, but he may not be facing an open competition with Adrian Gonzalez....
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Kenyan-born runner Daniel Kipkoech is aiming for his fourth straight Goodlife Fitness Victoria Marathon title.
Late entry is still being accepted for the 8K, half-marathon, full marathon and kids run. Registration closes at 6PM at the Victoria Conference Centre.
Award honors Culler for leadership in the technology sector and championship of visionary IT policies
GREENSBORO, NC--(Marketwired - February 15, 2017) - The Computing Technology Industry Association (CompTIA), has named cybersecurity advocate and and CTO of Secure Designs Ron Culler as a 2017 winner of the CompTIA Tech Champion Award. Culler's fellow honorees are Sen. Cory Booker (D-NJ) and Rep. Will Hurd (R-TX).
The CompTIA Tech Champion Award annually recognizes individuals who exemplify leadership in the technology sector and who have championed policies that advance the country's IT industry. Each year, honorees include one leader of the House of Representatives, one leader of the Senate, and one leader from industry. Previous Senate awardees include Sen. Hatch (R-UT), Sen. Wyden (D-OR), Sen. Coons (D-DE), and Sen. Merkley (D-OR).
The award was presented during CompTIA's annual 'D.C. Fly-In', which brings together more than 100 solution providers, vendors and other IT professionals to discuss industry trends, issues and legislation in both state houses and the nation's capital. Culler is a delegate of the North Carolina Technology Association.
This year's event focuses on industry priorities including trade, immigration, cybersecurity, STEM education, workforce and telecommunications. The 2017 Fly-In will highlight the need for training and apprenticeships to advance the tech workforce.
Culler said, "CompTIA is an extraordinary organization that gives a voice on IT policies to everyone involved in technology and creates an amazing range of programs to improve our technology future. I am very honored to join the ranks of leaders, policymakers and and visionaries who have received the CompTIA Tech Champion Award."
Culler is a member of multiple industry advisory councils and boards and his current roles include Chair of CompTIA's IT Security Community and Member of CompTIA's CAPC, Community Executive Board, and IoT working group. Ron is also an active member of the North Carolina Technology Association where he serves on the Advisory Council. In addition to his contribution to many other industry councils and boards he also provides mentorship to several entrepreneurial organizations.
Larry Cecchini, President and CEO of Secure Designs (SDI), said, "We are very pleased to see Ron recognized by CompTIA for his advocacy on behalf of the tech community in the U.S. Ron's passion for progress is reflective of our culture at SDI and our commitment to the leaps in value and security we are able to provide our customers on a daily basis."
Secure Designs, Inc. (SDI) is the nation's premier provider of of managed IT security for small to mid-sized businesses, built on proprietary processes, systems, technical expertise engineered to deliver unique value innovation services.
About Secure Designs
SDI is the premier Internet security provider for small and midsize businesses below 100 employees. With its proprietary software, processes and team of security experts the company is recognized as a national leader in offering the most robust managed security services to the smallest concerns at unprecedented prices. More information is available at: http://www.securedesigns.com.
Sri Lanka on Wednesday signed an agreement with a subsidiary of U.S. firm Schlumberger for a $50 million seismic study off the country's east coast to evaluate any prospective oil resources, a senior government official said.
Sri Lanka signed the agreement with Eastern Echo DMCC, a subsidiary of Schlumberger, to carry out seismic data acquisition surveys, advance data processing and interpretation work or modeling of petroleum systems.
“The main objective of entering into this agreement is to acquire more petroleum data using modern acquisition and processing techniques,” Arjuna Ranatunga, Minister of Petroleum Resources Development told reporters after signing the agreement in the Sri Lankan capital Colombo.
Ranatunga also said that the company would invest at least $50 million for several data acquisition projects, including 2D and 3D seismic, in selected offshore areas around Sri Lanka and would recover the investment from sales proceeds to multiple investors.
This agreement follows comments on May 4 from the Director general at Petroleum Resources Development Secretariat (PRDS) Vajira Dassanayake, who said Sri Lanka would sign agreements with French oil company Total and Eastern Echo DMCC for a seismic study off its east coast.
Sri Lanka first signed a deal with Total in 2016 to conduct a study off the eastern coast but this did not take place.
Total had earlier signed a two-year agreement with PRDS to survey around 50,000 sq km off the east coast from the air, at a cost of $25 million to acquire data on unexplored areas.
Dassanayake earlier in May said Total would invest $3 million to $10 million for the seismic study, while Eastern Echo DMCC would carry out the marine survey.
Officials from Total and Schlumberger did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
Sri Lanka produces no oil and is dependent on imports for all of its fuel requirements, despite trying to reinvigorate oil and gas exploration after its 25-year civil war with Tamil separatists ended nine years ago.
Importing oil cost the island $3.2 billion in 2017.
(Reuters)
Matt Winkelmeyer/Getty Images
HOLLYWOOD, CA - AUGUST 16: Lin-Manuel Miranda speaks onstage during the #Ham4Ham featuring Lin-Manuel Miranda at the Pantages Theatre on August 16, 2017 in Hollywood, California. (Photo by Matt Winkelmeyer/Getty Images)
By Natalie Dreier, Cox Media Group National Content Desk
He's using his megastar power not for another blockbuster Broadway show, but rather to help those who lost everything when Hurricane Maria decimated Puerto Rico.
Lin-Manuel Miranda, the man behind the hits of “Hamilton” and “Moana,” said he pulled every favor he could to get an all-star group together to help raise money to help out Puerto Ricans who are trying to put their lives back together.
>> Read more trending news
“We're facing a humanitarian crisis right now. And the response from our federal government is not commensurate with the previous two hurricanes, much less up to the unprecedented danger of this disaster itself,” Miranda told Rolling Stone.
He came up with the song “Almost Like Praying,” which dropped to online music services like iTunes, Thursday. All of the proceeds will go to the Hispanic Federation's Unidos Disaster Relief Fund to take supplies to the island.
Included on the track are Hispanic stars like Jennifer Lopez, Marc Anthony, Gloria Estefan and Rita Moreno.
Everyone on the track pic.twitter.com/oCKcWUax5R — Lin-Manuel Miranda (@Lin_Manuel) October 6, 2017
The song is made up of the 78 towns on the island.
And Miranda himself knows first hand about the devastation. He has family and friends still living in Puerto Rico.
“I heard from my family four days after, five days after - some people are still waiting,” he told USA Today.
There's a connection between the song and the hurricane, other than the hope of help it will bring. Hurricane Maria shares the name of the main female character in “West Side Story,” and Miranda used what he called his favorite song from the musical, USA Today reported.
“The name ‘Maria' forever has a negative connotation for this island. It's the worst storm in 100 years. It's also the name of my favorite song from “West Side Story.” I kept thinking about that song, so I took a sample from the song “Maria,” to flip it. To literally flip the sample the same way we're trying to flip the natural disaster into something positive,” Miranda said.
In two weeks since Hurricane Maria hit the island, only just over 9 percent of those living there have power and most homes still don't have running water, CNN reported.
KANSAS CITY, Mo. — One person was injured in a shooting in the parking lot of a Walmart on Monday evening.
Kansas City Police responded to the parking lot of the Antioch Crossing shopping center, outside a Walmart and a Qdoba Mexican Restaurant, at 53rd and N. Antioch, near Gladstone.
Police said one person was grazed by a bullet and suffered non-life threatening injuries.
One person is reportedly in custody. Police did not say what led to the shooting.
The investigation is ongoing.
Portland Ore – Benson High School students in a Career Technical Education Geometry-Construction class have built tiny homes for homeless residents of Right to Dream 2. The class visited the structures Wednesday and met the people living in them. The homeless told students you're saving our lives. The students were proud and amazed.
When stuck in a hole the best advice is to stop digging, but what if you can't spot the hole in the first place? The NCEA review's promotion of project-based learning is an example of the sort of frantic digging that occurs when profoundly and blindly stuck.
What's wrong with projects? As the Hobsonville School students argued so passionately in the Herald recently, learning by doing projects is motivating and encourages learning. This "knowledge-how" approach also fits nicely with New Zealand's skills-based national curriculum. But what does the approach actually mean and what is the source of this learning?
These are the questions the NCEA review needs to ask. We curriculum designers call the source of learning "knowledge-that". It's made up of propositions, concepts, and content, referred to broadly as academic subjects. Knowledge-that is very different from the knowledge-how we practise in activities and projects.
The difference between the two forms of knowledge matters because the problem for our education system is to do with their order. The fatal flaw in the national curriculum and NCEA is that the knowledge order is wrong.
Advertisement
At present we put the skills of knowledge-how first. But we need to start with academic knowledge (knowledge-that), then have the well-designed and exciting activities and projects which allow students to show their understanding.
Assessment comes in at the final stage. Crucially, it should measure the understanding of the knowledge as demonstrated in its skilful application. At present the assessment tends to measure the skills themselves. It's easier that way.
Let's look at some examples — the alphabet (for young children), trigonometry (for older students), electrical circuits (for university engineering students). The same design principles apply to all ages.
If we use a knowledge-how approach to start, we would ask students to sound out the letters of the alphabet, measure the viewshafts from Auckland's volcanoes, calculate the current in the resistor in the circuit. It certainly sounds a sensible approach. After all, we do want young people to use the knowledge they acquire at school.
What's missing from these examples is what we need to know first so that using the skills is actually showing what we understand as well as what we can do.
When children sound out alphabet letters how do we know they associate the squiggles on the page with alphabetical names or are they just parroting the adult?
What trigonometry do you need before you can measure the viewshafts from Auckland's volcanoes or do you simply follow a list of instructions?
We may be able to calculate the current in the resistor in the electrical circuit by following the rules. But if we want to be able to do this in other projects, to generalise in other words, we need to know that current is a response to the application of electric potential to a closed circuit.
Following instructions and applying skills won't tell us that. We have to be taught it.
This is the crucial difference between the two forms of knowledge. Academic knowledge (knowledge-that) enables us to understand the meaning of what we do. It is challenging but also deeply fulfilling when we finally "get it". Because it can't be picked up from experience, it needs to be taught by an expert; a teacher in other words.
It's the old saying, academic knowledge is "taught not caught". The problem is academic knowledge is not as visible as knowledge-how so we tend to think the skills we see in action are the same as understanding what is meant.
A serious limitation of knowledge-how is that it doesn't provide the knowledge needed to generalise. When we think of professionals such as engineers, medical professionals, and teachers whose knowledge has consequences for the lives of others, whether the skills we see on the surface are informed by deep knowledge really does matter.
Starting with knowledge-how, with the project hands-on approach, leads to the very rote learning its supporters are, rightly, so opposed to. But there are deeper problems caused by starting with knowledge-how.
Without being taught the academic ideas behind the "doing" we cannot generalise to other projects or other situations. We are stuck in the one instance, in the here and now. We can follow instructions. We can apply skills, often quite advanced skills, but we can't understand, let alone explain and justify, why we do what we do.
It should concern us all that while New Zealand students are stuck in the knowledge-how world of experience, the NCEA review is there too.
• Professor Elizabeth Rata is director of the Knowledge in Education research unit in the faculty of education and social work at the University of Auckland.
An inexplicable theft in the Te Moana Gorge could leave travellers caught short and the authorities with a large bill.
The scenic reserve and gorge is a popular camping site and features a waterfall and deep swimming hole.
A visitor to the gorge called the Timaru District Council this week after noticing that someone had made off with the modern single block toilet that had been installed recently.
It was stolen some time between Thursday August 10 and Monday August 14.
Advertisement
The toilet, which will cost about $5000 to replace, was customised with local information on the outside walls. It was stolen in the past few weeks, leaving only a concrete pad and the underground chamber behind.
Timaru District Council Group Manager Corporate Services Tina Rogers said that it's a baffling theft, considering how distinctively marked the toilet is, and the fact it was surrounded by a chain fence and bollards.
"We're stumped as to why someone would go to the not inconsiderable effort to steal the toilet. It isn't even a self-contained unit that could be easily put to another use," she said.
"There was the initial thought that the storm may have blown it away, but on closer inspection the bolts holding the toilet on have been carefully removed, so someone has gone onsite, unbolted the toilets, removed the chimney from the holding tank and lifted it over the boundary fence.
"We're now facing a $5000 bill to reinstate a toilet at this site, and we're considering the option of removing it each winter to stop it disappearing again."
There are two other toilet blocks at Te Moana Gorge that are still open.
If anyone spots a TDC-marked toilet somewhere where it shouldn't be, they're asked to please email enquiries@timdc.govt.nz.
Cardi B just released the music video for her song "I Like It" and in it, the pregnant rapper shows off her bump in super-vibrant outfits that will make you wish you were in Miami right next to her.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The video, directed by Eif Rivera, follows Cardi, J Balvin and Bad Bunny as they eat snow cones, dance in the streets, smoke a hookah, and hit up the club. Basically, Cardi is living out your ultimate summer fantasy.
First, she rocks this yellow skirt number.
YouTube, Cardi B
There's also this fire red dress.
YouTube, Cardi B
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
And a two-piece patterned outfit that looks like it's straight out of the '70s, but in the best way.
YouTube, Cardi B
Although her bump isn't as big here as it was when she revealed it on SNL, it's still definitely visible, and definitely cute.
This is the second video she's released in two weeks from her first album, Invasion of Privacy. The video for "Be Careful," came out last week. It's Western-themed, and in it, she married a man in a cowboy hat, only to later return to the church with her husband in a casket.
"I Like It" is currently number nine on the iTunes charts, and it already cracked the top ten of the Billboard Hot 100. The music video is the number one trending video on YouTube and already has over 10 million views.
Follow Emma on Instagram.
Louis DeLuca/Staff Photographer
Texas Rangers center fielder Delino DeShields (3) is pictured during the New York Yankees vs. the Texas Rangers major legue baseball game at Globe Life Park in Arlington, Texas on Monday, May 21, 2018. (Louis DeLuca/The Dallas Morning News)
Floormat.com is now accepting all the major payment options on its website. The Ohio mat manufacturer wants its customers to use the most convenient financial services company when purchasing its matting products.
Customers can now purchase from Floormat.com using five different payment systems. The company has partnered with all the major financial service corporations in its bid to ensure convenience and safety in its online matting business. After introducing a fully fledged matting store on its website a few years ago, Floormat.com has enhanced its customer services by introducing multiple payment options on its website. The company launched a fully secure shopping cart on its online shopping platform that enables customers to buy its products 24 hours a day throughout the year.
Floormat.com has finally added all the major payment systems to its website. The company has optimized its ecommerce shopping portal with five payment options. Customers can now clear their online shopping cart bills using MasterCard, VISA, American Express, Discover, and PayPal. The first four payment options are major credit and debit card financial services while PayPal is one of the most secure online payment systems. After choosing their desired matting products on the company's online store, customers will now be able to choose their most convenient payment method when closing the sale. Currently, the company is not charging any shipping fees for all matting orders of over $99 in the U.S. However, this does not include orders to be shipped to Hawaii, Alaska, US territories and principalities, and all foreign countries. All the other shipping details are featured on the firm's website. The company sends all the purchase details to the client's signup email address as backup. The company's latest posts can be followed at
https://plus.google.com/u/0/109739922304473426835/posts/7DcGQ3mFDYF
About Us
Floormat.com is an Ohio-based mat producer and supplier. Since it was founded in 1951, the company has always emphasized its problem-solving approach Truematch, and its consultative protocol ADAPT to produce the most optimized, proficient, and long-lasting solution to any matting problem. The company is renowned for dealing in a wide range of matting products covering all kinds of floor safety solutions including logo mats, entrance mats, heated mats, industrial mats, anti-slip tape & treads, cleaners & aseptics, noise & vibration pads, specialty products etc. All from its in-house productions, as well as from topnotch matting brands like Brite Trac, Wayfarer, Hog Heaven, Web Trax, Grip Rock, Super G, Classic Impressions, Waterhog, Legacy, and Glo Brite, among many others. Reviews of the floor mat company can be seen at https://www.google.com/maps/place/Floormat.com/@39.9625489,-82.7779399,12z/data=!4m17!1m11!4m10!1m3!2m2!1d-82.7092754!2d39.9674169!1m5!1m1!1s0x88386f0c0254bca9:0xfb4775168abb8a76!2m2!1d-82.7079!2d39.96257!3m4!1s0x88386f0c0254bca9:0xfb4775168abb8a76!8m2!3d39.96257!4d-82.7079
CONTACT:
Nino Cervi
Company: Floormat.com
Address: 101 Progressive Drive, Etna, Ohio 43062
Phone: 800-876-1312
Fax: 440-951-1315
Email: info@floormat.com
Website: https://www.floormat.com
PACARAIMA, Brazil (AP) — Hungry and destitute, tens of thousands of victims of Venezuela's unrelenting political and economic crisis are trying their luck in Brazil — a country where they do not speak the language, conditions are often poor and there are few border towns to receive them.
Many arrive weak from hunger and with no money for a hotel, food or the $9 bus ride to Boa Vista, the capital of the Brazilian state of Roraima, known in Venezuelan circles as a place that offers three meals a day. In dozens of interviews over four days, many said they had not had more than one meal a day for the last year.
Some wore baggy clothes, had emaciated faces and complained of medical issues ranging from children with measles to diabetics with no insulin.
Kritce Montero tried to shush 6-month-old Hector, who cried from hunger even after breast-feeding while his family and several hundred other Venezuelans waited to be processed at the border.
Advertisement
Montero, who said she lost 57 pounds (26 kilograms) the last year from eating just one meal a day, traveled with Hector and her 7-year-old daughter 18 hours by bus from Maturin, a city in northeast Venezuela. After spending the night sleeping on the ground in Pacaraima, a dusty border town in the Amazon, they took another bus 130 miles (210 kilometers) to Boa Vista.
"We are desperate. We could no longer buy food," said 33-year-old Montero, adding it had been months since Hector had any formula or diapers.
While in recent years millions of Venezuelans have immigrated, until recently Brazil received relatively few of them. Hundreds of thousands have gone to Colombia, but authorities there and elsewhere in South America are tightening their borders.
Portuguese-speaking Brazil has become the latest alternative for Venezuelans. But they are not finding much comfort there.
On a recent day, Militza DonQuis, 38, sat under a tree on the side of the main road in Pacaraima. In the two months since she and her husband arrived from Puerto Cabello, they have not been able to find work. With no money, they can't take the bus to Boa Vista, so they sleep on the ground and scrounge for food during the day.
"This is horrible," said DonQuis through tears, adding that in two months she had been unable to send money home to her children, ages 12 and 14, who she left with a sister.
With no money for a bus, Jose Guillen, 48, and wife July Bascelta, 44, decided to begin the journey to Boa Vista at night on foot, setting off with 9-year-old twins Angel and Ashley along a road surrounded by forest.
"God will provide," said Guillen when asked how the family would eat during a trip that can take five days.
After walking 4 miles (6 kilometers), a Brazilian driver stopped agreed to give them a lift to Boa Vista, where the situation is arguably more desperate. Thousands of Venezuelans are living in the streets. They sleep in tents and on benches in central squares, have taken over abandoned buildings and cram dozens of people into small apartments.
The largest of three shelters in the city, Tancredo, has 700 people despite being equipped for 200. Half-naked children roam the former gymnasium while groups of men and women chat about their hopes for finding work and worry about the families they left in Venezuela.
Charlie Ivan Delgado, 30, said he came to Brazil several months ago with hopes of earning enough money so he and his high school sweetheart could finally afford a wedding. But each time he called home to El Tigre, he would hear the situation was getting worse, that their three children, ages 9, 5 and 1, were always hungry. So he decided to abandon wedding plans and bring his family.
"Kids in Venezuela today don't think about playing with their friends or what they might study" in the university, said Delgado, sitting with his children and partner in a tent. "It's more, 'What am I going to eat today?"
While the shelter offers three meals a day, the family's prospects are bleak.
The soccer referee has only been able to officiate a handful of games in rural areas outside Boa Vista, the kids are not in school and it's hard to imagine how the family might leave the shelter.
"It's like Tarzan being in New York," said Delgado.
Brazilian authorities estimate 40,000 Venezuelans are living in Boa Vista, accounting for over 12 percent of the population in a city that was already poor and unable to offer many opportunities to its residents.
Most have arrived in the last several months, putting intense pressure on the public health system, the jails and volunteer organizations and churches that are carrying the largest burden when it comes to keeping Venezuelans fed.
Police say Venezuelans are sometimes working for as little as $7 a day in everything from construction to yard work, putting downward pressure on wages. For many, even offering to work for less isn't enough: Several interviewed said many employers have told them flat out they won't hire Venezuelans.
Milene da Souza, one of a group of volunteers who periodically serve food, said many Brazilians were increasingly angry at the situation.
"Brazil has many of its own problems," she said. "Roraima has its own problems."
Last month, fears of a backlash intensified when an arsonist set fire to two Boa Vista houses filled with Venezuelan immigrants, injuring dozens, several severely. A man originally from neighboring Guiana has been arrested, and police have said he was motivated by anger at Venezuelans in the city.
On the Plaza Simon Bolivar, named after the South American independence leader who was the inspiration for late Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez' "socialist revolution," throngs are camping in tents or simply sleeping on the grass. When trucks pull up with food, hundreds run toward them, elbowing each other in a mad scramble to get a meal before they run out. Tempers flare as men accuse women and children of using their advantage to get extra portions.
Roraima's governor has declared a state of emergency to free up funds for overwhelmed public hospitals, where health officials estimate that 8 in 10 patients are Venezuelan. Last month, President Michel Temer canceled activities during Carnival to make an emergency trip to Boa Vista.
But residents say the federal government's plans, which include building a field hospital in Pacaraima and relocating a few thousand immigrants to bigger cities, are not enough. Between Jan. 1 and March 7 of this year, 27,755 Venezuelans crossed into Brazil from Pacaraima. Authorities estimate at least 80,000 are currently in Brazil, most of them in Roraima state.
Brazil, Latin America's largest nation, has one of the region's most inclusive immigration policies. Venezuelans are allowed to enter with just a national identification card, a lifeline for many who say that getting a passport in Venezuela has become impossible. Many immigrants who don't have identification cards but can show a birth certificate are allowed in if they request and are granted refugee status.
Being designated "refugees" can be problematic because such immigrants can't return to Venezuela; President Nicolas Maduro has called them "traitors" of the state.
Many say that as long as Maduro is in power they have no reason to return.
Despite skyrocketing inflation and a collapse of many businesses, Maduro has refused to allow humanitarian aid to enter Venezuela. He denies there is a crisis and says international relief would lead to foreign intervention.
"Maduro's solution is that we just eat each other," said Diana Merida sarcastically while washing her clothes in a Boa Vista river. The 34-year-old from Maturin said she recently sent $3 home to her 16-year-old daughter and 11-year-old son, which would allow them to buy some rice.
While it took her three days of selling coffee to earn that, it was more than she could earn in a month as a saleswoman in a clothes store back home.
On the Plaza Simon Bolivar, Kritce Montero sits with baby Hector, who now has on a diaper and has spent the last two days gobbling up formula, all donated by volunteers.
It's been two days since the family crossed the border in Pacaraima. The first night they slept under a tree in the plaza, but then the second night somebody offered them a tent because of the baby.
"At least here, I'm able to feed my kids," said Montero. "Even if I'm living under a bridge, I would feel OK if my kids have food."
____
Follow Peter Prengaman: twitter.com/peterprengaman
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
LinkedIn has reportedly slapped embattled new British bondage fetish website KinkedIn with a legal threat.
The threat from the networking website, which routinely connects employees and job hunters with their ideal jobs, reportedly feels under threat.
KinkedIn - yes, really, it's a thing - was started by a British dominatrix, apparently.
LadyBossUK set it up with a friend in a bid "to give fetish fans a safe place to find fellow enthusiasts", according to the Sun.
She told the Sun she can't afford to go toe-to-toe with a large corporation, though, meaning KinkedIn's future is in doubt.
At the time of writing, there are only a few hundred members of the bondage website.
“They can afford an army of lawyers and I have to form my own defence,” she told the newspaper.
“I'm trying to do something creative and make a living and a corporation is coming down on me. It's ridiculous.”
She added, somewhat bizarrely: “I'm trying to do something creative and make a living and a corporation is coming down on me. It's ridiculous.
“I told the lawyer to try the site – it might chill him out.”
A LinkedIn spokesman told the Sun: “‘We're unable to comment on an ongoing legal matter."
What started out as a lighthearted interaction turned into something that left one driver inspired and two hitchhikers with a little more money in their pockets, even if they weren't any closer to their final destination.
Dwayne Gaulding was in Troutman, N.C., last week on his way to Virginia. That's where the former NASCAR team owner crossed paths with a pair of hitchhikers.
One of the hitchhikers was carrying a sign that read "77 South," while the other was holding a ukulele. Gaulding, the father of NASCAR Monster Energy Cup Series driver Gray Gaulding, stopped to "have a little fun with these guys," he wrote on social media.
Gaulding documented the interaction with a video, which he shared on Facebook.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
"Got a couple of guys here laughing, having a good time," Gaulding said to the camera while talking to the hitchhikers, who told him they were from Georgia, originally, but were looking to get to Greenville. "You've got a sign that says 77 South. I'm headed north, to Virginia, so I'm no help to you guys."
While the hitchhiker with the ukelele was about to move along on what was clearly a bright, hot day, Gaulding offered a counterproposal.
"But, I don't know if y'all know a little 'Wagon Wheel?' If you play a little 'Wagon Wheel,' I might be able to help you with a little ... money."
On Facebook, Gaulding said that "Wagon Wheel" is his father's favorite song. So when these two disheveled, sweaty hitchhikers delivered a melodic and sweet rendition just for Gaulding, he was more than pleasantly surprised.
"Trust me they killed it!" Gaulding wrote.
He did more than offer the hitchhikers praise. He gave them some money for the roadside performance.
"Best 20$ I have spent in a long time!" Gaulding posted, adding a request for his followers. "Share this so these guys can inspire more people!"
As of Tuesday evening, the video had been viewed more than 36,000 times, while garnering thousands more shares, reactions and comments.
"With all the things going on in today's world, it's like give somebody a helping hand and good things will come back to you," Gaulding said of meeting the hitchhikers, according to wcnc.com. “Just be kind to people, show your love in your heart and good things go a long way."
IF YOU DON'T have much space, you can still quite successfully grow potatoes in large pots or containers. The pots will need to be relatively deep – about 50-75 cm deep so the spuds have the depth of soil they need to grow.
Put a layer of compost (10cm) on the bottom of the pot and place the seed potato on it, then cover it with another 10cm layer of compost and water in. Each time the top of the leaf pops out over the soil cover it over again – you can continue with this until the pot is full.
This plays a little trick on the poor potato plant because it has to grow more stem to get out of the soil – more stem growth means more space for the potatoes to grow. If sowing them at this time of the year, cover them with fleece at night.
Growing in compost bags
Alternatively you could try growing spuds in a compost bag. Buy a bag of compost (3 bags usually cost about €15), open it carefully (don't rip the bag), and empty out the compost. Roll the top of the bag down about half way.
Put a small layer of compost back in to the bottom of the bag and put two or three seed potatoes on top (spaced as far apart as you can). Cover them with another layer of compost. Store the remaining compost – you will need it later for earthing up.
Each time you see a shoot appearing above the soil, cover it up with more compost and unroll the bag slightly. Keep adding compost every time a shoot appears until you have used up all the compost and the bag is fully unrolled and full of compost again.
You will need to water the plants daily as there is a risk with this type of growing that the compost will dry out – make sure it doesn't.
When the plants are finished flowering, empty the bag carefully and harvest your lovely spuds. You can spread the compost in the vegetable garden but don't re-use it for growing spuds. You can sow early spuds undercover (ie a polytunnel or greenhouse) from now.
If leaving the container outside, wait until mid March to sow.
The Basics – Buying a Polytunnel
A polytunnel extends your growing season at both ends and brings a warmer, drier climate to a corner of your garden. Here are our top tips if you are considering buying one:
Get as big and tall a polytunnel as you can possibly afford or have space for – you will always want more space for growing and the head-space will be appreciated when digging etc.
A typical tunnel for home gardeners is 3x6m/10x20ft in size with a height of about 2m/6ft. For suppliers, check out Colm Warren Polytunnels (www.cwp.ie), D-Plant www.dplant.ie) or Polydome (www.polydome.ie).
It should be positioned on well-drained soil and on level ground, in a sunny spot, orientated east-west.
Chose a warm, dry day for erecting the tunnel. This will make the polythene supple and therefore easier to pull tight. Get lots of help – it's perfect meitheal work.
Proper anchoring of the plastic in the soil is vital – otherwise the whole thing could blow away in a gale.
In the summer there can be extreme heat in the tunnel. Therefore you should build in as much ventilation as possible, i.e. wide doors at both ends with ventilation panels.
If well-fitted and maintained (washed each year with a soft brush and warm, soapy water), the polythene can last 10-15 years.
Watering is essential, especially in summer. Having a tap in the tunnel, or at least close enough for a hose connection, will save a lot of effort.
A bench, shelf or table in a polytunnel provides a great location for propagating seeds and bringing on seedlings.
Read up. I can highly recommend Joyce Russell's excellent book on the subject, The Polytunnel Book (Frances Lincoln) and Klaus Laitenberger's Vegetables for the Polytunnel and Greenhouse.
Recipe of the Week – Deb's Kale Salad with Apple, Cranberries and Pecans
Source: Shutterstock/AnastasiaKopa
I made a big batch of this last weekend and enjoyed it for lunch several days running. It's delicious. I didn't have any radishes, but it didn't seem to suffer too badly from their omission. Come to think of it, I also didn't have pecans and used walnuts instead.
The recipe (from The Smitten Kitchen cookbook) recommends Cavolo Nero kale (don't they all) but you can use whatever you have – mine was the hardy red kale, Redbor. Serves 4.
Ingredients
50g pecans
200g kale
4 to 5 medium radishes
50g dried cranberries
1 medium apple
50g soft goats cheese
For Dressing
3 tablespoons olive oil
1½ tablespoons apple cider vinegar (or white wine vinegar)
1 tablespoon smooth Dijon mustard
1½ teaspoons honey
Sea salt and freshly ground pepper, to taste
Directions
Preheat the oven to 180 degrees Celsius and spread the pecans on a baking tray. Toast them until lightly golden, about 5 to 10 minutes, tossing them once or twice to make sure they bake evenly.
Remove the tray from the oven and set them aside to cool. Pull the kale leaves off from the tough stems and discard the stems. Chop the kale into small, bite-sized pieces.
Transfer the kale to a big salad bowl. Sprinkle a small pinch of sea salt over the kale and massage the leaves with your hands by lightly scrunching big handfuls at a time, until the leaves are darker in colour and fragrant.
Thinly slice the radishes and add them to the bowl. Coarsely chop the pecans and cranberries and add them to the bowl. Chop the apple into small, bite-sized pieces and add it to the bowl as well.
Crumble the goat cheese over the top. In a small bowl, whisk the dressing ingredients together and pour the dressing over the salad.
Toss until the salad is evenly coated with dressing. Serve immediately, or for even better flavour, let the salad marinate in the dressing for 10 to 20 minutes beforehand.
Michael Kelly is founder of GIY and GROW HQ.
Click here for more GIY tips and recipes.
A Brunswick county teen charged last year with causing a friend's death is set for a plea agreement.
The District Attorney says Devin Harris was scheduled to enter a plea yesterday.
Harris is charged with manslaughter in the crash that killed 13-year-old Caleb Smith last February.
A grand jury had previously indicted him on charges of misdemeanor death by motor vehicle, reckless driving, speeding, unauthorized use of a motor vehicle and no operator's license.
He has been in jail under a $2 million dollar bond since April.
He was jailed on a charge of removing his electronic monitoring bracelet.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: How Trumponomics will set the pace for market uncertainty in 2017
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Shenzhen, Guangdong, China; 11, December 2017: A fan always loves to follow the style of his/her favorite star. Justin Bieber is a youth icon with an enormous fan following all across the world. For all Justin's fans, bieber-clothing.com is a one-stop destination to purchase authentic Justin Bieber merchandise at reduced prices.
The online store brings an exciting collection of Justin Bieber clothing that includes a variety of products, such as shirts, hoodies, jackets and lots more. Available in adorable styles, these clothes precisely replicate the clothing style of this world famous pop star. One can choose from a wide range of clothes, featuring different colors and styles. According to the spokesperson of the company, some of these products are available at striking 50% discounts or even more. Anyone, who wants to showcase a hip-hop style to impress others, can find a wide variety of clothes on bieber-clothing.com.
The spokesperson revealed that they have recently updated their store with new Justin Bieber shirts. These shirts are drawing attention of the worldwide fans of Justin Bieber, and there are different styles to choose from. Made from quality materials, these shirts carry printed photos of the rock star and also tour purpose motorcycle photos. One can choose shirts in white, black, yellow and other colors and can show his love for his favorite pop star. Customers can also pick from short sleeve and long sleeve shirts and can wear them on different occasions.
Bieber-clothing.com also brings the signature purpose tour security hoodie sweatshirt that Justin has been seen wearing on his different tours. The hoodie is available at 30% discount and in different sizes. A customer can find the sweatshirt highly stylish and will love to showcase his casual looks wherever he goes. Along with this hoodie, one can also purchase a Justin Bieber ring and a purpose cap at reduced prices to complete the fashion and emulate the style of this hugely popular music sensation.
One can explore the complete range of Justin Bieber clothes available at discount prices on the website https://www.bieber-clothing.com.
About bieber-clothing.com:
Bieber-clothing.com provides Justin Bieber sweaters, hoodies, hats, pants, and various other items popularized by Justin for all his fans. All dresses and accessories are available at reasonable prices and showcase Justin's exclusive style. Made of quality material, these clothes are available in different sizes and are made for all Justin Bieber fans, irrespective of their age and physique.
For Media Contact:
Contact Person: Tyler Liu
Company: Shenzhen MiBaoSpace Technology Co., Ltd.
Email: service@bieber-clothing.com
Website: https://www.bieber-clothing.com
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Latest on the first state dinner of the Trump administration (all times local):
7:50 p.m.
Melania Trump has chosen Chanel for the White House state dinner honoring the French president.
The first lady wore a full-length silver gown Tuesday night as she emerged from the White House to greet the French president and his wife. The White House said it was a black Chantilly lace Chanel haute couture gown, hand-painted with silver and embroidered with crystal and sequins.
Advertisement
French first lady Brigitte Macron wore a cream full-length gown with long sleeves and gold details.
President Donald Trump and French President Emmanuel Macron both wore black tuxedos.
___
7:25 p.m.
President Donald Trump has welcomed French President Emmanuel Macron to the administration's first state dinner.
Macron and his wife, Brigitte, arrived at the White House as a light rain fell Tuesday evening.
Trump and his wife, Melania, exchanged hugs and air kisses with the Macrons before going inside the White House for the festivities. About 130 guests have been invited.
Macron opened a three-day state visit to the U.S. on Monday.
The French leader is scheduled to deliver an address to a joint session of Congress on Wednesday.
___
6:40 p.m.
Guests are arriving for the White House state dinner honoring the French president.
It's the first state dinner of President Donald Trump's administration.
Among those who have already arrived are Vice President Mike Pence, Supreme Court Chief Justice John Roberts, former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger, Apple CEO Tim Cook and two Winter Olympians who flashed medals on their way into the pre-dinner reception Tuesday.
The 94-year-old Kissinger caused a little scare when he stumbled while walking past the media.
Several Cabinet secretaries have also arrived, including Defense Secretary Jim Mattis, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross and CIA Director Mike Pompeo, who is awaiting Senate confirmation to become Trump's new secretary of state.
___
6:30 p.m.
The White House has some extra help in the kitchen for the state dinner honoring the president of France.
Former National Security Council spokesman Michael Anton is lending his skills to the occasion Tuesday night.
Anton is known for being particularly talented in the kitchen. In fact, White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders cited his "amazing chef" skills in a statement earlier this month on his departure. The White House is serving rack of lamb for the main course.
Anton resigned from the White House just before new national security adviser John Bolton came on board.
He is now a writer and lecturer at Hillsdale College.
___
5:30 p.m.
Melania Trump is embracing her moment in the spotlight for the French president's state visit.
She traded in her usual dark sunglasses for a white wide-brimmed hat that quickly became a trending topic on social media. She has thrown herself into planning the state dinner for President Emmanuel Macron and his wife, Brigitte. All eyes will be on the former model again Tuesday when she steps out in a designer gown to greet the Macrons as they arrive for dinner.
Seeing the gown is typically the highlight of a state dinner. But for once, it may pale in comparison to the hat.
The hat bobbed up and down across the bottom of TV screens as the first lady took her seat for the president's news conference with Macron.
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Aston Villa will need to find around £40m-£45m from player sales and wage cuts to fall in line with Financial Fair Play, Birmingham Live understands.
A football finance expert has explained how Villa's failure to win promotion back to the Premier League this term has left them seriously counting the cost this summer.
The claret and blues may have to sell prized asset Jack Grealish to cover costs and there's no chance of turning any of the loan signings into permanent deals.
"The FFP black hole is between £40m and £45m," a source told us.
"Villa have gambled with expensive players on big wages but there will need to be a reality check this summer."
Boss Steve Bruce admitted that cuts will need to be made.
When asked if players would be sold, Bruce replied:
"Yes.
"This season has been difficult, financially.
“We understand, or I have understood, about Financial Fair Play.
"But the discussions will need to be held above me to say what we have or haven't got."
The powers-that-be are in the process of holding those talks.
Saturday's defeat against Fulham in the play-off final is still very raw but the club are starting to moving forward.
These things take time, of course, and more will be revealed in the times ahead as Villa come to terms with another season in the Championship.
Elsewhere, a report was also published today by Swiss Ramble - a business & football blog- which highlighted some of the problems Villa are facing up to.
Meanwhile another expert says Aston Villa's predicament is ‘really severe' and has predicted sales this summer.
Villa were resigned to a third successive season of Championship football with defeat at Wembley.
Bruce's expensively-assembled squad is now expected to be broken up this summer as the club desperately attempt to stay within Financial Fair Play restrictions.
The club's most valuable asset, Grealish, is already being linked with a host of Premier League sides with Villa likely to sell at least one of their top players.
Kieran Maguire, a lecturer in football finance at the University of Liverpool, discussed Villa's problems at length with the BBC.
Cash cuts
“It's really severe for Villa because this is the second year they've had parachute payments. They got around £35million from the Premier League to cushion the blow of relegation.
“Those payments get cut back severely next year so they're going to have £20million less coming in. I think the problem for Villa is that the owner has gambled in the last couple of years on recruiting players on big wages.
Aston Villa shunned by midfielder as promotion failure sees club 'lose some appeal' - reports
Colossal wage bill
“The average wage at Villa is nearly £30,000 a week and it's simply not sustainable in the Championship.
“It's going to be a very big summer. They're going to have to sell the crown jewels, I suspect. The problem that they're going to have is that other clubs know they're in a financial pickle and they'll be trying to get them on the cheap.
“If you take a look at their first season in the Championship, they were losing around £800,000 a week, and that was on parachute payments of around £40million.
“Next season it's down to around about £15million so there's got to be severe cutbacks. I'd be very surprised if John Terry stays because he would have been on a decent wage.
“Scott Hogan has been disappointing and I've seen his contract, and that's eye-watering. Ross McCormack has been a disaster since day one.
“The problem is that no other clubs will go near these players. They might manage to get them out on loan and Villa will probably still have to pay 80 per cent of the wages just to get them away from the club.
Aston Villa transfer 'compulsory' regardless of division - says club chief
Decision time
"Then you have the owner, who's based in China – he's going to have to work out whether he continues to bankroll the club to the same extent.
“There are a lot of alarm bells going round and that's when the vultures start to crowd and pick off things on the cheap, and that will be the big shame for Villa because they do have some good players.
“If they want to play in the Premier League then fair play to them, but I think it's whether or not they'll be able to get a fair price for them which will be the big worry for Villa fans.”
Assessing the summer
Aston Villa's worst nightmare has become a reality and testing times lie ahead.
The books were balanced, to an extent, last summer by manager Steve Bruce as several players departed to boost the coffers.
Ex-England and Chelsea captain John Terry, Glenn Whelan, Ahmed Elmohamady and Chris Samba were all handed lucrative contracts with the funds raised and Bruce utilised his contacts book to snap up three players on loan.
With five players out of contract, five loanees to return to their parent clubs, six players set to return from loan spells away and lots more to be decided, this is the most important summer transfer window in Aston Villa's 144-year history.
Dr Tony Xia cut a glum figure as Sky Sports' cameras zoned in on him during the latter stages of Villa's play-off final defeat to Fulham.
It hasn't panned out the way the Chinese businessman planned after buying out Randy Lerner two years ago.
Xia and his trusted Villa Park colleagues face some big decisions this summer.
Who leads Villa?
The first big decision Xia, chief executive Keith Wyness and director of football Steve Round have to make centres around manager Steve Bruce.
By his own admission Bruce has failed to achieve what was asked of him this term.
The manager has previously hinted that he ‘won't be here next year' if promotion wasn't achieved.
Meanwhile, during a meeting with Villa supporters' groups, neither Wyness nor Round committed to keeping Bruce on as manager in the event of Wembley failure.
With four Championship promotions on his CV and an enviable queue of Premier League managers willing to do him favours, Bruce has all the skills Villa require.
“I will roll my sleeves up and get stuck into it again next season as long as the people above me see that I'm fit to do it,” Bruce said of his future in the immediate aftermath of Villa's Wembley woe. “I will carry on.
“I've been doing it for a long time and I'm in charge of a great club with a big history and tradition.”
With Bruce apparently intent on giving promotion another crack, the ball is firmly in the Villa hierarchy's court.
Worried about catching a cold or the flu on an airplane? Get a window seat, and don't leave it until the flight is over.
That's what some experts have been saying for years, and it's perhaps the best advice coming out of a new attempt to determine the risks of catching germs on an airplane.
It turns out there's been little research on the risks of catching a cold or flu during air travel. Some experts believed that sitting in a window seat would keep a passenger away from infectious people who may be on the aisle or moving around.
The new study, published Monday, came to the same conclusion.
Advertisement
For somebody who doesn't want to get sick, "get in that window seat and don't move," the study's lead researcher, Vicki Stover Hertzberg of Emory University in Atlanta.
The study was ambitious: Squads of researchers jetted around the U.S. to test cabin surfaces and air for viruses and to observe how people came into contact with each other.
But it also had shortcomings. In a total of 10 flights, they observed only one person coughing. And though the experiment was done during a flu season five years ago, they didn't find even one of 18 cold and flu viruses they tested for.
It's possible that the researchers were unlucky, in that they were on planes that happened to not have sick people on them, Hertzberg said.
The new study was initiated and funded by Boeing Co. The Chicago-based jet manufacturer also recruited one of the researchers, Georgia Tech's Howard Weiss, and had input in the writing of the results.
"But there was no particular pressure to change stuff or orient it one way or the other," Hertzberg said.
The article was released by the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.The researchers did some mathematical modeling and computer simulations to determine how likely people were to come close to a hypothetical infectious passenger sitting in an aisle seat on the 14th row of a single-aisle airplane. They concluded that on average, only one person on a flight of about 150 passengers would be infected.
Researchers who were not involved said it would be difficult to use the relatively small study to make any general conclusions about the risks of an airline passenger getting a cold or flu, let alone other diseases like measles or tuberculosis.
Many people worry about catching cold or flu germs on planes. Photo / 123RF
But it's a novel study about a subject that hasn't been well researched, they said. Studies have looked at how respiratory viruses spread in labs and in homes, but "this is the first time I've seen it done for airplanes," said Seema Lakdawala, a University of Pittsburgh biologist who studies how flu spreads.
She and others not involved in the research were intrigued by the study's findings about how people moved about the cabin and came in contact with each other.It found:—About 38 percent of passengers never left their seat, 38 percent left once, 13 percent left twice, and 11 percent left more than twice.
• Not surprisingly, a lot of the people getting up had an aisle seat. About 80 per cent of people sitting on the aisle moved at least once during their flights, compared with 62 per cent in middle seats and 43 per cent in window seats.
• The 11 people sitting closest to a person with a cold or flu are at the highest risk. That included two people sitting to their left, the two to their right, and people in the row immediately in front of them and those in the row behind.
A lot of frequent fliers will be interested in the study's results, said Edward Pizzarello, an investor in a Washington-area venture-capital firm who also writes a travel blog.
"It's absolutely a fear I hear from people all the time. They just believe that they're going to get sick from going on an airplane, or they got sick from being on an airplane," he said.
Pizzarello said he's an aisle person, because he doesn't want to feel trapped in the window seat if he needs to get up.
Will he now go for the window?
Maybe, he said, if a sick person sits next to him.
The Associated Press Health & Science Department receives support from the Howard Hughes Medical Institute's Department of Science Education. The AP is solely responsible for all content.
A vehicle goes by the scene of Sunday's fatality where a pedestrian was stuck by an Uber vehicle in autonomous mode, in Tempe, Ariz., Monday, March 19, 2018. A self-driving Uber SUV struck and killed the woman in suburban Phoenix in the first death involving a fully autonomous test vehicle. Chris Carlson AP Photo
Couples create an identical crisis when they take color coordination too far
She: A bright pink shirt? Seriously?
Z: I love this shirt. You're the one who bought it for me, and I'm secure enough in my dudehood that I can rock pink.
She: I love it, too, but I have my bright pink shirt on today.
Z: And?
She: I can't keep changing shirts every time I walk out of the bedroom and see you wearing the same thing that I am.
Z: It is getting kind of scary.
She: Jeans and a black shirt, OK. I get that that's my go-to outfit and just happens to be yours, too.
Z: It's easy, and we're ready to start waiting tables in an emergency.
She: Khakis and a white shirt, OK. I'll buy that one, too. Lots of people wear khakis and a white shirt. It's not just you and me.
Z: I bet half the people reading this column are wearing khakis and shirts.
She: And the other half is wearing jeans and black shirts.
Z: But they're probably not married to each other.
She: Even if they are, jeans and black or khaki and white are common enough combinations that it doesn't seem that strange. Bright pink shirts, blue glasses, neon orange shirts, red glasses ...
Z: ... not everybody can pull those off.
She: Nor would they want to. People think we dress alike ironically, but we really don't do it on purpose.
Z: You're the one who makes us all wear the same shirts when we go to Disneyland.
She: That one actually is out of irony. But a guy wearing a neon fuchsia pink shirt with electric turquoise glasses standing next to his wife wearing a slightly different neon fuchsia pink shirt and electric turquoise glasses is just plan kooky.
Z: What do you mean? If you don't want to wear what I'm wearing then just change your shirt. And change your glasses while you're at it. You've got 50 zillion pairs of glasses and 60 zillion colors of shirts.
She: I don't always notice our matching outfits until we've been walking around like matching Rockettes all day.
Z: You need to work on your high kicks.
She: I hate having to pretend I'm in on the joke when people laugh at our matching outfits and I didn't even notice them.
Z: I think you secretly dress like me because all of the cool kids are doing it.
She: I did just read a story on BettyConfidential about Demi and Ashton and Katie and Tom dressing alike.
Z: Demashton and TomKat always dress alike when we hang out.
She: Not to mention Gwen Stefani and Gavin Rossdale and Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux.
Z: Justifer and Gwenavin? If you refuse to change your shirt and we're going to dress alike almost every day, then we need a celebriname. I vote for Zaklie.
She: You do realize we're just a step away from having our picture in this Smosh Pit gallery of creepy couples dressed alike.
Z: The Smosh Pit. That must be where all the cool kids hang out.
She: Wearing matching outfits. Ironically, of course.
Z: Yes, dear.
— Tell Sheez what you think of their outfits by emailing .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Click here for previous She Said, Z Said columns. Follow Leslie Dinaberg on Twitter.
For a chance to win N10,000 in cash in the NB Weekly Quiz, please review the NB Weekly magazine and answer the question that follows. The winner and runners-up will be selected at 12pm on the 19th of April 2017. Winner and runners-up will be displa...
Titanium Alloy Market Report by Product Type (Ti-6Al-4V, Ti-6Al-2Sn-4Zr-6Mo ) by Application /End User (Aerospace Applications, Chemical Industrial Production Plants, Biomedical Applications, Commercial Applications ) by Industry Analysis, Volume, Share, Growth, Challenges, Trends, and Forecast 2018–2026.
This report studies the Titanium Alloy Market status and outlook of global and major regions, from angles of manufacturers, regions, product types and end industries; this report analyses the top manufacturers in global and major regions, and splits the Titanium Alloy Market by product type and applications/end industries.
The Market estimations in this report are based on the Marketed sale price of Titanium Alloy (excluding any discounts provided by the manufacturer, distributor, wholesaler or traders). The percentage splits, Market shares, and breakdowns of the product segments are derived on the basis of weightages assigned to each of the segments on the basis of their utilization rate and average sale price. The regional splits of the overall Titanium Alloy Market and its sub-segments are based on the percentage adoption or utilization of the given product in the respective region or country.
Enquiry about report OR ask for Sample Report @
https://www.profsharemarketresearch.com/sample/titanium-alloy-market-report-sample/
This research study involved the extensive usage of both primary and secondary data sources. The research process involved the study of various factors affecting the industry, including the government policy, Market environment, competitive landscape, historical data, present trends in the Market, technological innovation, upcoming technologies and the technical progress in related industry, and Market risks, opportunities, Market barriers and challenges.
Major players in the Market are identified through secondary research and their Market revenues determined through primary and secondary research. Secondary research included the research of the annual and financial reports of the top manufacturers; whereas, primary research included extensive interviews of key opinion leaders and industry experts such as experienced front-line staff, directors, CEOs and Marketing executives. The percentage splits, Market shares, growth rate and breakdowns of the product Markets are determined through using secondary sources and verified through the primary sources.
Titanium Alloy Market : By Product Type
• Ti-6Al-4V
• Ti-6Al-2Sn-4Zr-6Mo
Titanium Alloy Market : End Users/ Applications
• Aerospace Applications
• Chemical Industrial Production Plants
• Biomedical Applications
• Commercial Applications
Access Full Report @ https://www.profsharemarketresearch.com/titanium-alloy-market-report/
Contact Info:
Mia Cox
Sales Manager
Profshare Market Research
US : +1-646-776-5607
miacox@profsharemarketresearch.com
White House drops insistence on two-state Middle East solution
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Marvel Studios
Ever since Thanos first reared his purple head at the end of the first Avengers movie, we've been waiting to find out what he wants to do with the Infinity Stones, the six glowing trinkets that have been scattered throughout the Marvel universe like so many Fruity Pebbles. The answer arrives in Avengers: Infinity War, and if it's not pretty, at least it's precise. Where other super villains want to amass unlimited riches or destroy the universe, Thanos wants to cut it in half. His goal, he explains while tossing formidably powerful heroes around like dried-up twigs, is to restore “balance” by wiping out 50 percent of every creature that draws whatever it is they breathe, preserving the sustainability of a cosmos whose finite resources are taxed to the limit. The only way to save life is with death.
The Marvel movies have spent the better part of a decade building Thanos up to be the ultimate big bad. But as Infinity War flits from one group of heroes to the next, ping-ponging around the galaxy in a strained quest to give its more than three-dozen regulars something of import to do, you may start to wonder if the movie's mauve madman has a point about overpopulation. Sitting through its 2 hours and 30 minutes is like gorging on tapas: You wind up both overstuffed and unsatisfied.
Sitting through its 2 hours and 30 minutes is like gorging on tapas: You wind up both overstuffed and unsatisfied.
Written by Christopher Markus and Stephen McFeely and directed by Anthony and Joe Russo, Infinity War squeezes in nearly every character of note from the past 10 years and 18 movies. (Ant-Man and Hawkeye are notable exceptions, their absence relegated to a throwaway line of dialogue.) If you're still high on Black Panther and desperate for another hit of your Wakandan faves, you're in luck, but the price of the movie's one-from-every-column approach is that it can feel like you're watching an inartful supercut cobbled together from several movies. The significance of Joss Whedon's The Avengers wasn't just that it united Marvel's heroes under the same banner, but that it found a way for their individual cinematic universes to co-exist. It's not just the disparity in the characters' powers—any foe tough enough to give Thor a run for his money could crush Hawkeye or Black Widow into a thin paste—but the incompatibility in their styles: the Iron Man movies' cocksure strut, the Hulk's tortured soul, Captain America's primary-color patriotism. The Russos' Captain America: Civil War, an Avengers movie in all but name, exploited those tensions by setting the factions against each other, but Infinity War needs to get them all on the same page, which is all the more difficult because they're rarely in the same scene. You can hardly blame Tom Holland's Spider-Man when he admits he's having trouble keeping track of his new pals' names.
Equally tough to keep track of are the Infinity Stones themselves—space, mind, reality, power, soul, and time—each of which gives Thanos control over a specific aspect of the universe. It's not a question of their whereabouts: He has one when the movie begins and quickly seizes another, and three more have been located in previous movies, leaving only one unaccounted for. But the movie plays fast and loose with how strong they make Thanos at any given moment—sometimes he's nigh-invincible, others apparently susceptible to shallow stab wounds—and that goes for his henchmen as well, who have such delightful names as Corvus Glaive and Proxima Midnight. It's tough to become too invested in the threats our heroes are facing when their gravity seems to shift willy-nilly from moment to moment—and it doesn't help that when Thanos suggests that life has expanded beyond our environment's ability to sustain it, he kind of has a point.
Infinity War breaks its cast of dozens—it lists nearly 30 names before the title card, and many more after it—into microclusters and dispatches them to the galaxy's far reaches, and the movie matches them with canny precision; Tony Stark's billionaire arrogance pairs with Peter Quill's dopey brashness like a robust Zinfandel with a juicy hamburger. It's often left to the actors to carry the weight of their elaborate backstories with them, squeezing it into the cracks between plot: the Hulk and Black Widow's unconsummated love affair gets a lingering glance and a three-word exchange. It's hard to imagine a newcomer to the series being anything but bewildered but at this point, that hardly seems to matter. Infinity War is the payoff fans have been waiting for, the reward for slogging through movies inspired and otherwise, for sitting through the lists of hairdressers and key grips to catch every post-credits scene, for poring over blog posts and Wikipedia entries fleshing out details and explaining references; it's the prize you get when you collect 'em all. If you've ever sent away for one of those prizes, you know they're almost always a disappointment, but the thrill of completing the set is more important than the reward.
Barry Geraghty is looking at up to three months on the injury sidelines after fracturing his left arm in a fall from Minella Foru in Monday's Boylesports Irish Grand National at Fairyhouse.
Minella Foru was in the middle of the field when falling at the eighth fence, bringing down Arbre de Vie in the process.
Geraghty missed last month's Cheltenham festival with fractured ribs and JP McManus's number one jockey faces another lengthy spell on the sidelines, according to the Turf Club medical officer.
“He has a fractured humerus which is the same injury he had last year except on the other side,” said Dr Adrian McGoldrick.
Earlier on the National card, Geraghty had won the Grade Two Juvenile Hurdles on the 9-2 shot Project Bluebook but his injury meant missing out on another McManus-owned winner, Slowmotion, in the Grade Three mares chase. Mark Walsh successfully substituted.
Consolation
The McManus colours were also carried to success by White Arm in a handicap chase, providing some consolation to Jack Kennedy who finished runner-up in the National aboard Bless The Wings.
The €100,000 runner-up prize in the National, combined with Samcro's later impressive bumper victory, meant Gordon Elliott emerged ahead of his trainer's championship rival Willie Mullins in prize money terms on the day despite the latter scoring a double.
Neither Diakali nor Renneti are straight-forward but both were on their best behaviour, especially Renneti who trounced his opposition in the Grade Two Keelings Hurdle.
“He has ability and he happened to be in form today,” said Mullins.
Fairyhouse's manager Peter Roe reported a Grand National crowd of “just over 15,000” which he said was slightly down on last year. Bookmaker turnover of over €812,000 was also slightly down on the corresponding figure in 2016.
Monday's Tote figure of €598,133 was down from €704,251.
Posco expects profit despite rise in protectionism
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Police are hunting two armed, masked robbers who burst into a convenience store and demanded cash from a shop assistant – just three weeks after the newsagents was first targeted.
Officers from Staffordshire Police are appealing for information after McColl's newsagents in Ellerbeck, Stonydelph, was raided on Sunday, March 18, at around 2.15pm.
Police said that two men stormed into the shop and demanded that the sales assistant gave them money from the till.
No members of staff were hurt in the incident and it is unknown at this time how much money was taken.
Police have since issued a description of two men they would like to speak to regarding the incident.
A spokesman for the force said: “The offenders were armed with a wooden handled item that is described as being similar to a wallpaper scraper.
“One male is described as being white, wearing a black scarf with white pattern covering his face, a navy hoody and grey joggers. The other male is described as wearing a black top, navy joggers and black trainers.
“If anyone has any information in relation to this incident please contact Staffordshire Police, quoting incident numerous 476 of March 18.”
Alternatively, the charity Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555 111.
A reward is sometimes offered for information leading to a successful outcome for a police investigation.
Posted on June 30, 2013 | 8:46 p.m.
Source: O'Donnell Family
Ruth O'Donnell died June 22, 2013. She was born in 1923 in Redding, California, the daughter of Dr. and Mrs. Earnest (Irene) Dozier. She grew up in her parents' hospital and was home-schooled through the ninth grade. She attended Shasta Union High School, Stanford University and the University of Oregon, graduating in 1946 with a B.S. in Journalism. Ruth met Harold C. “Hal” O'Donnell in 1940 when he was working at the Redding radio station.
In 1941, Hal joined the U.S. Marine Corps in Quantico, Virginia, for officer training. In April 1944, upon his return from 18 months in the South Pacific, he and Ruth were married in San Diego. She accompanied him to Syracuse, New York, for his RADAR training and then to Camp Lejeune, North Carolina, to prepare for the invasion of Japan. With the war over in 1945, Hal was discharged to the Marine Reserves. He and Ruth happily drove across country to Eugene, Oregon, where Hal worked at radio station KORE while Ruth completed her degree at UO.
They moved to Petaluma, California, and then to Lodi, where their daughter was born, and, in 1948, to Fresno, where their son was born. Here the children grew up while Hal pursued his career in radio and television. Devoted to their family, they took the children camping in the mountains and desert, explored national parks, participated in school and church activities, Scouting and Indian Guides, and visited their respective families. Ruth was a PTA president for two years and a full-time homemaker until 1960, when she was employed by the Girl Scouts as a district director.
The O'Donnells moved to Santa Barbara in 1963 when Hal became manager at KEYT-TV and Ruth worked as a teacher's aide in the English Department at Santa Barbara High School. In 1971, a new position opened at San Marcos High School to create a Career Resource Center for work with students in career planning. Ruth was chosen to develop it, and its success led to Career Centers in the other high schools, as well. Ruth earned her master's degree in the Humanities in 1977 when she was 54. Her interest in nature and astronomy led her to be a docent for 16 years at the Santa Barbara Museum of Natural History, where she gave tours and led planetarium programs.
Ruth and Hal retired in 1982, bought a small motor home, rented out their house and enjoyed a six-month trip around the United States and Canada. They enjoyed this life so much, they rented out their house again in 1983 and followed the fall colors from Wisconsin to the furthest tip of Texas. In the 1970s, ‘80s and ‘90s, their independent travels took them all over the world, from Nepal to Patagonia. They also took tours in China, India and for a winter's visit to the Soviet Union, as well as cruises through the Panama Canal and to Greece, Turkey and the Holy Land. Ruth kept journals for them all and these were a pleasure for them both to read in later years. By 1998, maintenance of their hillside home became a burden, so they moved to Vista del Monte, a retirement community. Both became very active there, Ruth serving as president of the Residents Association for two years and Hal developing a computer lab and a workable emergency response plan for residents. They developed many close friends in their 15 years at Vista del Monte.
Early in 2004, Hal was diagnosed with Parkinson's disease. Ruth devoted herself to his care through the years of a heart-breaking descent to Hal's death in January 2010 after 66 years of marriage. She was preceded in death by her father and mother, sister Barbara and brother Tilden.
Ruth is survived by her daughter, Phyllis, and husband Jim Roseberry, and by her son, Dwight, and his wife Rose O'Donnell; by four grandsons and their spouses, Bryan (Sarah), Cohn (Heather), Hunter (Kelly) and Seth (Mandy); by two great-grandchildren, Paisley and Finley Roseberry; and her niece, Martha Rubin.
Ruth treasured her children, their spouses, her grandchildren and great-grandchildren. Her family was always the focus of her life and she and Hal hosted many family gatherings. She also had a wide circle of friends and acquaintances, and corresponded with many of them throughout her life.
Any memorial rememberances can be made to Doctors without Borders.
Arrangements were by McDermott-Crockett & Associates Mortuary.
The United Boys & Girls Clubs of Santa Barbara County is pleased to announce Melissa Gough as a new board member.
Gough is a 25-year veteran of the financial management industry and holds the title regional director at the Private Bank of Union Bank for Santa Barbara, San Luis Obispo, Monterey and Ventura counties.
Before joining Union Bank, Gough was executive director and region manager at Morgan Stanley Private Bank for the Los Angeles Metro Region. She has also held leadership roles in the Private Bank of First Republic Bank and Bank of America.
Gough received her bachelor's degree in organizational psychology from UC Santa Barbara. She is also a graduate of the Cornell University Leadership Management program.
In addition to serving on the United Boys & Girls Clubs board, Gough is on the Finance Committee for La Cumbre Country Club as well as an avid golfing member.
She is a recipient of the Founder's Award for the Police Activities League and the Navy Leaguer of the Year award from the Navy League of the United States. Gough is a member of the UCSB Planned Giving Advisors Council, the Santa Barbara Council of the Navy League of the United States, the Santa Barbara Wine and Food Society and the International Wine and Food Society.
She is a 40-plus-year resident of the Santa Barbara community.
The mission of the United Boys & Girls Clubs of Santa Barbara County is to enable all young people, especially those most in need, to reach their full potential as productive, caring and responsible citizens. Today, the clubs help more than 7,000 youths throughout Santa Barbara County. Youth can come to the clubs to be with friends, participate in sports and engage in educational activities. Children may also be referred to the clubs by schools, counselors or other agencies as a means to gain a positive experience socially, educationally, physically and emotionally under guidance of caring adults.
For more information, contact Sal Rodriguez at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) or call 805.681.1315.
— Danielle Deltorchio is a publicist representing the United Boys & Girls Clubs of Santa Barbara County.
After withstanding Trout's injury, Angels on a run
hello
Cleveland Indians starter Corey Kluber pitches against the Tampa Bay Rays during the sixth inning of a baseball game, Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017, in St. Petersburg, Fla. Associated Press
Boston Red Sox's Chris Sale delivers a pitch during the first inning of a baseball game against the New York Yankees, Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017, in New York. Associated Press
Los Angeles Angels' Mike Trout heads home to score on an error by the Seattle Mariners during the ninth inning of a baseball game Friday, Aug. 11, 2017, in Seattle. Associated Press
When Mike Trout went on the disabled list May 29 with a torn ligament in his left thumb, the Los Angeles Angels were 26-27 and seemingly in a lot of trouble.
When he came back after the All-Star break, they were 45-47 - and had avoided a crisis.
Now Los Angeles has won six games in a row, and if the season ended now, the Angels would be the American League's second wild card. That's partly because the bar is low - it doesn't take much to contend for a wild card in the AL these days - but Los Angeles is above .500 now, and if Trout's team does manage to make the postseason, that 39-game stretch when the Angels treaded water without their franchise player will have been crucial.
"The first half we had a lot of gaps in our game. Our offense was trying to get together," manager Mike Scioscia said. "Our bullpen has been pretty consistent all year."
Sometimes, all it takes is one impressive run to put a team in postseason contention. The St. Louis Cardinals have scuffled for much of the season, but they find themselves only one game behind the first-place Cubs in the NL Central, thanks to an eight-game winning streak that ended Sunday.
The Angels (61-58) and Cardinals (61-57) have similar records, and the question is whether this week was a fleeting high point for those teams or a sign that they'll be heard from down the stretch. Since Trout came back, Los Angeles is 16-11. The 26-year-old outfielder is having another tremendous season, despite all the missed games. He's hitting .341 with 23 home runs, 55 RBIs and an OPS of 1.158.
Scioscia has credited his team's defense, and the Angels have a brilliant shortstop in Andrelton Simmons. Yusmeiro Petit and Blake Parker have pitched well in relief. So did David Hernandez, but he was traded to Arizona just before the July 31 deadline.
When Hernandez was dealt, the Angels were four games under .500 and 5 Â½ games out of the nearest playoff spot. Two weeks later, their outlook has certainly changed.
Some other developments from around baseball:
REBUILDING
It has been a slow start with the bat for Yoan Moncada, an infield prospect the White Sox received when they sent Chris Sale to Boston in the offseason. The 22-year-old Moncada is hitting .205 in 22 games with Chicago this year.
Thursday night was more encouraging, however. Moncada hit a tying homer in the ninth inning and drove in the winning run with an 11th-inning single in a victory over Houston. The White Sox, who have the worst record in the AL, swept three straight games from the team with the best.
HIGHLIGHT
Adam Engel, another young Chicago player, made a leaping catch at the fence to take a home run away from Houston's Brian McCann on Tuesday night. A fan with a glove was reaching over for the ball, only to have it snatched away by Engel in spectacular fashion.
LINES OF THE WEEK
Two top contenders for the AL Cy Young Award added to their resumes Tuesday night. Sale allowed two hits and struck out 13 in eight innings, leading Boston to a 2-0 win over Tampa Bay. Meanwhile, Cleveland's Corey Kluber pitched a three-hitter, striking out 11 in a 4-1 victory over Colorado.
If the season ended now, the Red Sox and Indians would face each other in an AL Division Series.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
___
Follow Noah Trister at www.Twitter.com/noahtrister
VAT receipts hit a record €2.4 billion in January as strong pre-Christmas sales boosted the Government's tax take for the month.
Exchequer returns show Revenue collected just over €5 billion in January, an increase of 5 per cent on last year.
Nearly half the total came from VAT, which generated €2.4 billion, surpassing the 2008 pre-crash peak of €2.34 billion.
January is typically the biggest month of the year for the sales tax as it reflects the busy November-December shopping period.
While official retail sales figures for December have yet to be released, Irish consumer spending is thought to have been driven higher by rising wages.
The latest exchequer numbers show income tax was also strong, generating €1.75 billion, which represented a year-on-year improvement of 6.6 per cent, or €108 million.
Corporation tax receipts, which hit record levels last year, came in at just €25 million, which equates to a €39 million decrease when compared to January 2017.
However, the Department of Finance noted that January was typically a quiet month for the business tax.
Excise duties
Excise duties amounted to €478 million in January, representing a marginal year-on-year increase of approximately 2.3 per cent, or €11 million.
While monthly tax returns fluctuate, the data show the exchequer was in surplus by €1.53 billion last month compared with a €1.47 billion surplus 12 months previously.
Total net voted expenditure was just under €4 billion for the month, up 3.7 per cent or €140 million year-on-year.
Health spending was up 11 per cent at €1.35 billion in January amid concern the department may struggle to stay within its allocated budget.
Despite receiving an increase of nearly €600 million this year, according to official correspondence, the HSE is worried it will face an unprecedented cash crisis by the end of 2018.
Non-voted current expenditure, excluding debt servicing costs, of €287 million, was up €70 million or 32.6 per cent in year-on-year terms.
The increase was “wholly attributable” to a rise in the EU budget contribution, the department said.
Christmas spending
Commenting on the latest figures, Peter Vale, tax partner with Grant Thornton, said: “Despite some concerns around Christmas spending, VAT receipts surged over the Christmas period, indicating strong consumer spending.
“Consumers appeared to set aside Brexit and other concerns, resulting in VAT receipts that were over 5.7 per cent higher than what was a strong January 2017 performance,” he said.
“The big question is the sustainability of our tax receipts, particularly the corporation tax numbers. Will the US tax reform package eat into our slice of foreign investment and resultant tax revenues?” Mr Vale said.
“Our view continues to be that the strong corporation tax growth witnessed in recent years will hold up, despite changes in the US and elsewhere,” he said.
Davy analyst David McNamara said the latest returns show that the public finances began the year on a “solid footing”.
Rescue teams in northern Thailand were giving crash courses in swimming and diving on Wednesday as part of complex preparations to extract a young soccer team trapped in a cave, and hoping for a swift end to their harrowing 11-day ordeal.
Divers, medics, counsellors and Thai navy Seals were with the 12 schoolboys and a 25-year-old assistant coach, providing medicine and food, while experts assessed conditions for getting them out safely, a task the government said would not be easy.
“The water is very strong and space is narrow. Extracting the children takes a lot of people,” deputy prime minister Prawit Wongsuwan told reporters.
“Now we are teaching the children to swim and dive,” he said, adding that if water levels fell and the flow weakened, they would be taken out quickly.
The Seals posted photographs on Facebook showing their members working in chest-deep water in the cave, adding that it was pumping water as “fast as possible” as it prepares to bring out the stranded group.
About 120 million litres of water had been pumped out by late on Tuesday, or about 1.6 million every hour.
It was unclear what the options were to get the Wild Boar team out of the Tham Luang caves in Chiang Rai province and how they would be steered through tight, fluid conditions and uncertain weather.
Experts say divers have required three hours to reach the boys, located about 4 km from the mouth of the cave.
Video message
A video released by the Seals showed two rescuers seated on an elevated part of the cave beside boys wrapped in emergency foil blankets who appeared to be in good spirits, occasionally laughing.
A torch is shone on each boy, who says hello and introduces himself with head bowed and palms pressed together in a traditional “wai” greeting.
One wears what appears to be the red jersey of the England soccer team as worn in Tuesday's World Cup second-round victory over Colombia. Another wears a Chelsea shirt.
The group was discovered by the Seals and two British cave-diving experts on Monday, having been incommunicado since June 23rd, when a post-training outing went awry, prompting the high-profile search-and-rescue effort.
The multinational operation has included divers from the Australian Federal Police, US military personnel, British cave experts and teams from China, Japan, Laos and Myanmar.
The Thai army has sent in 31 divers to support the Seals, a spokesman said.
News that the team had survived sparked relief, celebrations and an outpouring of praise in a country transfixed by the drama and its almost blanket media coverage.
Chiang Rai governor Narongsak Osottanakorn said the authorities were keen to get the boys out and suggested that might have to happen in phases.
“All 13 don't have to come out at the same time,” he told reporters. “Who is ready first can go first.”
Four months
Officials have dismissed as speculation reports that the boys could be trapped for up to four months, although supplies have been prepared for that period of time.
There was much work to be done in preparing the boys for what could be a demanding task, and rescue teams should not be pressured to act faster, said a deputy government spokesman, Weerachon Sukondhapatipak, who was at the cave on Wednesday.
“Some of them can't swim, so therefore it will take time for them to adjust,” he said. “Officials would teach them how to move, how to dive, how to move their body under those circumstances.”
Somboon Sompiangjai (38) said his son Peerapat (16) was able to swim, adding that he was confident the Seals' experience and professionalism would help get the boys home safely.
“I am not worried if the kids have to swim and dive,” he told Reuters.
“I felt much better after seeing the clips with the children in good spirits, even though they were in there for 10 days.” – Reuters
Tragic news from the Turner family as Craig Raymond Turner, the firstborn son of singer Tina Turner was found dead of an apparent suicide in Studio City, California on Tuesday. Turner was 59.
He was discovered at his home dead of a self-inflicted gunshot wound.
Craig Turner was born when his mother was 18 years old, before she married Ike Turner. Craig's biological father, Raymond Hill was a saxophonist who performed in Ike's band.
Join Our Text Club To Get The Latest Music, Entertainment And Breaking News On Your Phone
Tina Turner's Firstborn Son Craig Turner Dead Of An Apparent Suicide was originally published on myhoustonmajic.com
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
Perez Brisibe
UGHELLI – A university lecturer and consultant to the Delta State Government on Education, Prof Patrick Muoboghare, has described moves to create cattle colonies in the South-South part of the country as a ploy by the North to “colonise the South-South.”
Prof Muoboghare, a former Delta State Commissioner for Basic and Secondary Education, made the disclosure, weekend, during an empowerment sensitization program organized by the Delta Democratic Trust, DDT at Ovwor, Ughelli South local government area of the state.
Speaking on the essence of the program, convener of the group, Sen. Emmanuel Aguariawvodo, explained that it became paramount to equip the people on how to go back to their farms and make themselves useful rather than waiting for handouts from the government.
Muoboghare, alongside other resource persons like Dr. Idodo Umeh and Executive Consultant of Songhai Delta, Dr. Theo Okpidi, spoke on the importance of agriculture as an avenue for wealth creation.
In his remarks, the university don while condemning moves for the establishment of cattle colonies in the South-South, said: “It is obvious that the North value their cattle more than human lives and that is why we are solidly behind Governor Ifeanyi Okowa that no inch of land in Delta State would be ceded for cattle colonies.
“If cattle colonies or ranches should be established in Delta, it must be established for the Deltans and not for Fulanis else, how can you create route to where does not belong to you?”
After five gravel events, the WRC returns to the tarmac for the tenth round of the season. Citroën Total Abu Total World Rally Team is fielding three C3 WRCs in the ADAC Rallye Deutschland, with Kris Meeke/Paul Nagle, Craig Breen/Scott Martin and Andreas Mikkelsen/Anders Jæger.
A SPECIAL RALLY FOR CITROËN RACING
Since 2002 and its addition to the FIA World Championship calender, ADAC Rallye Deutschland has become a major fixture. The race's history is closely linked to that of Citroën, which can claim 12 straight wins in Germany – including 11 in WRC – thanks to the talents of Philippe Bugalski, Sébastien Loeb, Sébastien Ogier and Dani Sordo. In fact, Citroën has been more successful at this event than at any other.
It is often said that the ‘Deutschland' is three rallies in one. It is certainly true that the various stages are all quite different, which makes things tricky when it comes to settings, tyre management and driving style. And then there is the weather, which often muddies the equation.
This year, the rally will start on Thursday evening with a timed city circuit prologue in Saarbrücken, the capital of Saarland. On Friday, competitors will weave through the vineyards along the Mosel river, with the now classic Mittelmosel and Grafschaft stages, plus three passes through the new Wadern-Weiskirchen special sprint stage. The next day, the crews will head to the Baumholder military base and its concrete track lined with hinkelsteins – huge anti-tank kerb stones. There, the Panzerplatte tests will no doubt widen the gaps. Sunday sees a brand-new format for the final leg with a special at Losheim am See and a return to St. Wendeler Land to bring the rally to a close.
There will be a number of new features, most notably a change of location for the rally's service park, now at the lakeside of Bostalsee instead of Trier.
THE CHALLENGE: BUILD ON THE WORK DONE IN TESTING
With the fast roads littered with hairpin bends on Friday, the military tracks on Saturday and Sunday's open country roads, ADAC Rallye Deutschland offers three very different types of surface, requiring considerable preparation work from the engineers and driver crews. Citroën Racing therefore ran seven days of testing for the C3 WRC ahead of the event. Kris Meeke, Craig Breen and Andreas Mikkelsen worked in stints to gather as much information as possible and decide on the best settings according to conditions. On the final day of testing, Sébastien Loeb rounded the job off during his first session at the wheel of the Citroën. All of this data will be invaluable during the rally but the team will still need to keep an eye on the weather.
For the second all-asphalt race of the season, the Citroën Total Abu Dhabi WRT crews have a few aces up their sleeve. Kris Meeke and Paul Nagle, who led the Tour de Corse before running into mechanical issues, will want their revenge. As for Andreas Mikkelsen and Anders Jæger, they topped the scorecards at the end of the first stage of the German rally in 2016 and will be keen to play a starring role for their first outing on tarmac with the C3 WRC. Although Craig Breen and Scott Martin only have limited experience on this surface, they will again be aiming for the top five, a result they have now achieved five times and which puts them seventh in the current World Championship standings.
YVES MATTON, CITROËN RACING TEAM PRINCIPAL
“In preparation for this rally, we set up one of the most intense testing sessions in the history of Citroën Racing. On the first six days, the appointed drivers were able to drive on the three types of surface encountered during the race. They were all satisfied with the work done. Sébastien Loeb and Daniel Elena then did an additional day's work. The heavy rain that fell in the morning wasn't ideal but it helped us gather valuable information on driving in such specific conditions. In the dry, Seb's impressions matched those of Kris, Craig and Andreas and we compared the different technical feedback. Everything appears to be following on consistently after the Tour de Corse, where we showed how competitive the C3 WRC is on tarmac. As has often been the case this season, the race is bound to be very tight. We aim to be among the frontrunners but it's difficult to make any predictions, especially as the weather is likely to significantly influence the way that the race plays out.”
KRIS MEEKE
“At the Tour de Corse, we saw the C3 WRC's potential on tarmac. Germany is a different challenge, but I've got that same great feeling I had during testing. I've tried the car out on the different surfaces and in different conditions. It's very hard to approach this rally because there are three different types of terrain and the weather rarely stays the same from start to finish. I really enjoy driving through the vineyards: at top speed on the very narrow, winding roads, you have to steer extremely accurately. Yet if you hope to place well at the finish, you need to go flat out from the first to the final mile!”
CRAIG BREEN
“I have only competed in this rally twice and this will be my first outing at the wheel of a World Rally Car. My experience is limited but I'm really motivated because for me, tarmac is the ultimate rally challenge. After a satisfactory Tour de Corse and some good testing before Germany, I'm trying to keep that positive mindset. There are a number of special stages, but I'm most looking forward to the specials through the Mosel vineyards. You have to interpret the changes in grip and find the right pace through the bends and hairpins. I'm also keen to embark on Sunday's leg, which will be new for everyone.”
ANDREAS MIKKELSEN
“My favourite rally is still Catalonia but I really like the route of the German event. I'm delighted to be competing at the wheel of the C3 WRC and I think that we've pinned down the right settings for the different types of terrain. For the first time in my career, I've been able to do some testing at Baumholder, which has helped me learn more about tyre management and braking. Like everyone else, I'm sure that the weather will significantly affect the race. If it is dry on Friday and I feel ok in the car, I think I can aim for a podium place.”
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Authen-tics Me Off So I am going to talk about the food at Taqueria Mixteca, whose first location at 1609 […]
by
Church Hill Theatre's summer musical this year is “You're a Good Man, Charlie Brown,” directed by Sylvia Maloney. “Charlie Brown” is, of course, based on the popular comic strip, “Peanuts,” by Charles M. Shultz, which in its heyday may have been the most widely read newspaper strip of all time. (One of its rivals for that distinction, “Li'l Abner,” was also the inspiration for a Broadway musical.)
The show was created by songwriter Clark Gesner in 1966, near the height of the strip's popularity. Gesner originally wrote a series of songs based on the “Peanuts” strip, but after Shultz gave his permission, he released a concept album with Orson Bean singing the title role. Eventually, “Charlie Brown” was developed into a full-fledged musical that appeared off-Broadway in 1967 and ran for 1,597 performances. It opened on Broadway in 1971, and had a short run, but the off-Broadway performances had already established it as a hit, A 1998 revival added new dialogue and songs, but the CHT production uses the original script.
“Charlie Brown” has been one of the most popular shows for school and community theater – I know of at least two previous productions in the local area, one at Kent County High School (also directed by Maloney) and one at Centreville High School (directed by Shelagh Grasso). The premise of the comic strip – children performing their normal activities while expressing deeper, more adult thoughts – nicely translates to the stage, with adults cast in the role of the Peanuts characters. This is part of the fun – that traditionally all the roles are played by actors “remembering” what it was like to act and think like an elementary school or pre-school child. The youngest actor here is in junior high, while the oldest ones are over 50.
Like the newspaper strip, the play is largely episodic – there is no long-range plot, and the characters remained essentially unchanged over the course of the original comic strip. It is, in effect, a series of brief gags strung together – some developed at a bit more length, and of course there are repeated themes, but if you go to the theater expecting a “story,” you won't get one. Instead, it depicts typical activities of a child's day.
That said, almost all the famous bits “Peanuts” readers would expect are here. Snoopy takes on the Red Baron in a World War I dogfight; Schroeder plays Beethoven on his toy piano; Lucy steals Linus's security blanket; Charlie Brown pines for the little red-haired girl but never gets up the courage to go talk to her; and the gang manages to extend what must be the longest losing streak in baseball history. About the only iconic gag from the strip that doesn't get portrayed onstage is Lucy holding the football for Charlie Brown to kick – and that really depended on its repetition over several years, with Charlie Brown falling for the same trick again and again. That repetition would be hard to stage as well as time-consuming, so the decision by the playwright to leave out the football scene is probably a good one. Besides, it's such a mean trick. Audience members won't miss it in what is overall a delightful story of childhood and a little boy with a big heart.
Despite having been originally conceived as a song cycle, “Charlie Brown” does not have a particularly memorable musical score, with the song “Happiness Is” as a possible exception which many people may recognize. Although the tunes may not be instantly recognized, the lyrics are undeniably witty – given the source, how could they be anything else? — and the CHT cast performs them with plenty of spirit. The ensemble numbers, including “Beethoven Day,” “The Book Report,” “The Baseball Game” and “The Glee Club Rehearsal” are probably the strongest. In the performance I saw, there were a few spots where the lyrics of solo songs got covered up by the orchestra – that's too bad, because they really are the whole point of the songs, which are basically sung dialogue. The choreography was well done with the dance scenes adding significantly to the overall fun while remaining believable as the actions of little kids.
Matt Folker takes the role of Charlie Brown, and he does a great job with the character, making very effective use of facial expressions and body language. It's a tribute to his acting that, in spite of being the tallest person on stage, he clearly projects Charlie's vulnerability and insecurity. Another strong performance by one of Church Hill's most reliable leading men.
Becca Van Aken plays Charlie's nemesis, Lucy. She is superb in conveying the character's bossy and crabby nature – an almost perfect bit of casting. And then, after the other kids responses to a survey convince her they think she really is crabby, Van Aken nicely conveys her crushed ego and sense of remorse – a surprising switch that many actors would have trouble portraying.
The role of Linus, Lucy's younger brother, is taken by Elliott Morotti, a freshman in Archbishop Spalding High School in Severn. Despite his youth, he is already a veteran of musical theater, with appearances in several CHT performances and the Chesapeake Children's Theater. His does a good job capturing the character's combination of immaturity and philosophical depth.
David Ryan, who is pastor of First and Christ Methodist Churches in Chestertown, is making his CHT debut as Schroder after several roles at the Garfield. He portrays the character enthusiastically, really getting into playing Beethoven on the toy piano.
Sally, Charlie Brown's younger sister, is played by Maya McGrory, a CHT veteran despite her young age. She gives a charming performance as the young girl who's still struggling with challenges from jumping rope to school assignments.
Julie Lawrence takes the role of Snoopy, Charlie Brown's super-talented beagle, and she turns in one of the best performances in the show. It's a great comic role, with lots of physical schtick and mugging, and Lawrence takes it all easily in stride. As a bonus, she has one of the best singing voices in the cast. I especially enjoyed her dance routine, Snoopy's version of the old soft shoe, complete with top hat and a bone for a cane.
Another half dozen characters make up an ensemble, though they each get a few scenes where they can establish themselves. In the CHT production, Morgan Armstrong plays Frieda, Jarrett Plante plays Pig Pen, Samantha Smith is Peppermint Patty, Amy Gillilland is Violet, Faith McCarthy is Marcie and Katie Sardo is Woodstock, Snoopy's birdie friend. They did a good job of portraying the moods and activities of young school children — skipping, agonizing over homework, licking lollipops, and playing games.
The orchestra for this performance includes Ellen Barry Grunden as pianist and conductor; Tom Anthony on bass; Ron Demby on clarinet and flute; Frank Gerber on percussion; and Jane Godfrey on violin. There were a few tuning problems early at the performance I saw, but the group came together and delivered a good performance overall.
Michael Whitehill and Brian Draper designed and built the set for the show, and it captures the spirit of childhood. Oversize items – a bench, Snoopy's doghouse, building blocks – emphasize the fact that the characters are all supposed to be small children. So when Folker has to pull himself up on the bench, it makes it easier to forget that he's six-foot-something instead of a typical first-grader.
The audience had a good time at the production I saw – Saturday night of opening week. A lot of them were clearly long-time “Peanuts” fans, and they empathized with poor Charlie and laughed at the antics of Snoopy and Woodstock. This is really a show that delivers a lot of laughs and sends the audience home with a warm feeling – just what the doctor ordered as an antidote to the evening news. It's a good show for children, too.
“You're a Good Man, Charlie Brown” continues through June 25, with performances Fridays and Saturdays at 8 p.m. and Sunday matinees at 2 p.m. Tickets are $20 for adults, $15 for CHT members and $10 for students. For reservations or more information, call the theater office at 410-556-9003 or visit the theater website.
Photos by Steve Atkinson
GUINGAMP, France (AP) " World-record signing Neymar scored and set up another goal on an impressive debut for Paris Saint-Germain in a 3-0 win at Guingamp on Sunday.
Neymar was dangerous throughout the French league match, creating chances at the Roudourou stadium against a well-organized side that only cracked early in the second half when Jordan Ikoko scored an embarrassing own-goal.
PSG was in total control afterward.
Edinson Cavani added PSG's second goal 10 minutes later on the break after being set up by Neymar, and the Brazil star sealed the win from Cavani's assist.
Advertisement
PSG's second win in two matches lifted the Paris side level on points with leader Lyon.
Neymar, who signed from Barcelona last week for a record 222 million euros ($262 million), missed the start of the season at the Parc des Princes against Amiens due to paperwork problems.
He was included in coach Unai Emery's starting lineup on Sunday on the left wing of PSG's attack. Emery opted for a 4-3-3 formation with Angel Di Maria supporting Cavani on the other wing.
Guingamp supporters held up a banner which mocked PSG president Nasser Al-Khalaifi on his purchase and said: "Nasser buy us a round."
Cavani and Neymar combined well with a series of short passes for each other around the penalty area, although they struggled to break through the hosts' solid defense.
Cavani had PSG's first chance in the 15th but saw his well-taken effort denied by 'keeper Karl-Johan Johnsson.
Neymar fired his first shot of the game soon after, driving the ball forward with brutal acceleration to pass a defender but his strike went well over the bar.
Neymar then set up Marquinhos with a precise curled cross on the left side of the box, only for the PSG defender to send his diving header against the bar.
Cavani put more pressure on Johansson in the 35th with a dangerous free kick tipped over by the Swedish 'keeper but PSG could not break the deadlock before the interval as referee Antony Gautier waved off penalty claims from Neymar and Di Maria.
Etienne Didot came close to opening the scoring two minutes into the second half for the hosts with a long-range shot which narrowly went wide.
But the hosts saw all their efforts damaged when Ikoko, who had contained Neymar, beat his own 'keeper with a clumsy back pass that ended in the back of the net.
Guingamp pushed hard for an equalizer but was caught on the break in the 62nd as Cavani, the league's top scorer last season, connected with a through ball from Neymar and finished off the move with a low shot.
Cavani then turned provider to set up Neymar with a generous cut-back that the Brazil captain converted from close range with a poke.
___
FALCAO HAT TRICK
Radamel Falcao scored a hat trick as Monaco posted a 14th straight win in the French league in a 4-1 thrashing of Dijon on Sunday.
The Colombia striker needed just three minutes to put the defending champions in command and added two more goals in the 38th and 51st minutes.
Jemerson was also on the scoresheet for the visitors in the 25th, and Wesley Said pulled one back for Dijon just before halftime.
Monaco is unbeaten in the league since December last year and equaled Bordeaux's record of 14 consecutive wins, set in August 2009. It moved level on points with PSG and leader Lyon, with two wins in two matches of the new season.
With Kylian Mbappe expected to leave in the coming weeks, Monaco can still count on Falcao's superb skills to score. Falcao has four goals in two league games after scoring last weekend in a 3-1 win against Toulouse, while Mbappe stayed on the bench in Dijon.
Falcao's goal instinct was on display as he made no mistake from close range after the hosts failed to clear a corner. Jemerson made it 2-0 from another corner and Falcao curled a superb shot into the top right corner to extend Monaco's lead.
Said kept Dijon's hopes alive with a shot between the legs of 'keeper Danijel Subasic. It was a short-lived respite for the hosts as Falcao met a cross from Thomas Lemar to seal his team's win with a header six minutes into the second half.
___
HE'S (NOT) A 'KEEPER
Forced to play without a proper goalkeeper in the final 27 minutes, Lille went down 3-0 at promoted Strasbourg in the French league on Sunday.
Striker Nicolas De Preville took the 'keeper duties after Mike Maignan was sent off for throwing the ball at a Strasbourg player. Lille coach Marcelo Bielsa had already made his three substitutions and was unable to bring another goalkeeper on to the pitch.
De Preville remained in goal for 11 minutes until Jonas Martin broke the deadlock for the hosts. De Preville then left the gloves to midfielder Ibrahim Amadou, who conceded two more goals from Dimitri Lienard, who scored from the spot, and Jeremy Grimm.
Bielsa had to make two changes in the first 18 minutes after Thiago Mendes and Kevin Malcuit picked up injuries. Bielsa made a third replacement, for tactical reasons, before the interval.
It was Lille's first loss after the northern side opened its season with a 3-0 win against Nantes last weekend. Strasbourg bounced back from a 4-0 thrashing at the hands of Lyon in Week 1 to post a first win in the top flight since 2008.
NEW YORK (AP) " The manager of a possible site for a new FBI headquarters says a company that owns buildings with Donald Trump and the family of Jared Kushner is a finalist to construct the new headquarters.
Manager Garth Beall says Vornado Realty Trust is one of three finalists to build a $1.7 billion replacement for Washington, D.C.'s J. Edgar Hoover Building.
Vornado owns two buildings with the Trump Organization, one each in New York and San Francisco. It is also an investor in the Kushner Cos.' 666 Fifth Avenue in Manhattan. Kushner sold his interest in the building earlier this year.
ABC News earlier reported Vornado was a finalist.
Advertisement
Beall is the manager of Renard Development, which is hoping its site in Greenbelt, Maryland, will be chosen for the new FBI headquarters.
Police in Poland's northeastern city of Elk have clashed with local residents who were protesting the death of a local man in an alleged dispute with foreigners of Arab descent.
A huge crowd attacked a diner in Elk and scuffled with police, throwing firecrackers and stones, local media reported on Sunday. Police arrested at least 25 of them.
The attack took place after a 21-year-old local resident, identified by media only as Daniel, was killed on Saturday night, allegedly by an Arab employee working at the diner, which is owned by a Pole.
Four employees have been arrested by police in an ongoing investigation. Local media have said the arrestees were of Tunisian, Moroccan, and Algerian descent.
Reports also said Daniel had allegedly thrown firecrackers into the restaurant and gotten into a brawl with the employees, who are said to have stabbed him to death.
Coroners are investigating the cause of his death.
The Sunday riot saw Elk residents gathering outside the diner and hurling projectiles toward the building, breaking the diner's windows and equipment. The crowd then got into clashes with police, who moved in to contain the situation.
The mayor of the city issued a call “to calm and respect” the grief of the deceased man's family.
The riot comes at a sensitive time for Europe, which is facing a massive refugee crisis. Asylum seekers have been arriving in the continent from conflict zones in the Middle East and North Africa over the past couple of years. Incidents of violence blamed on the refugees are highly likely to stir up hostile public sentiments.
Anti-refugee feelings are already high in Germany and France, where previously obscure political movements have risen to prominence on a platform of opposing asylum seekers.
For a chance to win N10,000 in cash in the NB Weekly Quiz, please review the NB Weekly magazine and answer the question that follows. The winner and runners-up will be selected at 12pm on the 19th of April 2017. Winner and runners-up will be displa...
Image copyright Manchester Evening News Image caption William Brent Taylor collapsed in a Manchester Airport car park
Two men arrested following the death of a taxi driver at Manchester Airport have been cautioned for threatening behaviour.
William Brent Taylor, 57, collapsed in the Terminal 2 airport car park on 6 April, and later died in hospital.
The two men, aged 26 and 55, were originally arrested on suspicion of manslaughter following reports of an assault.
However, a post-mortem examination found no signs of assault, police said.
An inquest into Mr Taylor's death will take place at a later date.
Indivisible has at least two local groups in every congressional district and an average of 13 in every district, its policy director says. (Indivisible)
The policy director at Indivisible talks tactics for the coming weeks.
"We feel that this is one of those moments when we really have to do everything we can."
Welcome to Interviews for Resistance. Since election night 2016, the streets of the United States have rung with resistance. People all over the country have woken up with the conviction that they must do something to fight inequality in all its forms. But many are wondering what it is they can do. In this series, we'll be talking with experienced organizers, troublemakers and thinkers who have been doing the hard work of fighting for a long time. They'll be sharing their insights on what works, what doesn't, what's has changed and what is still the same.
Angel Padilla: I am Angel Padilla, policy director at Indivisible.
Sarah Jaffe: This week the Republicans are going to try to ruin all of our lives. You have a guide out on action for this week. Can you tell us a little bit about it?
Angel: Actually I think it is more than just this week. It is the next three weeks, is what we are hearing, that are the key weeks here for stopping this terrible healthcare bill from getting through the Senate. We put out a guide for our groups that is instructing them and suggesting tactics that they can use to stop this bill from getting through the Senate. We really do think that the Senate is the last line of defense here and if it gets through the Senate then there is little hope of stopping this bill. This is why stopping it in the Senate is super important.
Sarah: We will obviously link to your guide itself, but what are some of the tactics you are recommending?
Angel: We are at a point now where we really just can't hold back. In this guide, we have suggestions like letters to the editor and non-stop calls. We need to be calling every day to make sure that Senate offices are hearing about this bill and about how people don't want it. We are also for the first time, in one of our more recent toolkits, asking that people consider doing sit-ins. In our original guide we have instructions for how to hold a sit-in and we feel that this is one of those moments when we really have to do everything we can. Sit-ins is one of those things that constituents, that groups, can do to make it clear to senators that we are not okay with them trying to take away people's healthcare.
Sarah: Reports today came out that they are not even going to release anything right now, which obviously seems like a deliberate strategy to keep people from getting fired up about it. Do you think that is working? Is that, in itself—a refusal to release it—getting people more angry?
Angel: There are plenty of reasons to be angry about this bill. If they release it, then we all see exactly how bad it is. We will see that millions of people are going to lose their health coverage, but it is also very telling that they don't want to release it. It is because they know that it is really bad and they are hoping to tamp down some of the opposition. Honestly, when we are talking about a sixth of the U.S. economy, when we are talking about millions of people who might lose their coverage, the fact that they don't want to release it is a terrible thing, which is why we are asking that there really shouldn't be any kind of Senate activity. Democrats have tools available to them that they are not using and until we get public hearings, we don't think anything should be happening in the Senate. Democrats should slow this down as much as they can. Again, the American public deserves a transparent process. They deserve to hear and to know how this bill will affect them.
Sarah: To be clear, you are recommending that people call Democratic senators as well as Republican senators and insist they do something about this?
Angel: Yes. As we have all seen, when constituents go down to town halls and they get in front of their member and they tell them about how passionately they don't want to see this bill become law, that is the same kind of passion that we also want from Democrats. It is not enough to say that you will vote against the Trumpcare bill. It is not enough to say that you oppose it. You need to do more and they do have certain tools available to them that they are not using. We don't think that is acceptable, not when people's lives are on the line.
Sarah: During the last Senate recess, there were, I believe, no town halls held by senators?
Angel: Yes. Republican senators are hiding from their constituency. They are afraid of facing them because they know they are pushing this bad bill that is going to harm them. It is a bill that is literally going to harm thousands and thousands of their own constituents and they are doing it simply because they want to give Donald Trump a win. That is why they are hiding. That is why we have to bring the fight to them.
They are hiding, but constituents can go down to regional offices and they can make their voices heard. They can have sit-ins. They can keep calling. Even if they are not willing to meet with their constituents, they are paying attention. They know that people don't want it. The only way we are going to stop this bill is if they really get the sense of how widely opposed this bill is. That is the truth.
Sarah: The news cycle in the past few weeks has been packed with stories coming out of this administration—even though they have not been able to succeed in passing much or doing much. Has it been hard, with the [James] Comey mania and now with the [Jeff] Sessions testimony to get people to focus back on this?
Angel: Yes. It was a problem for us, too. We changed our position now. We had been calling for an independent commission to go along with the independent counsel. Now we are pushing for impeachment hearings because we think that Donald Trump has done enough, has committed enough of a violation that it warrants impeachment hearings. We are there. I think a lot of our groups were already there weeks ago.
But now, now that is a process that will play out over the course of months and maybe even longer than a year. For now, the thing that is most important is defending the ACA and even though Sessions is testifying, the only thing people should be talking about right now is ACA. That is the thing that matters.
Sarah: Certainly, [Vice President] Mike Pence would happily sign ACA repeal.
Angel: Yes, definitely.
Sarah: And certainly, Paul Ryan would, if we get that far down the chain.
Angel: This is the moment. This is a do-or-die moment. That is what it says in our toolkit because this is really it. In January when Trump took office, a lot of groups thought that the House was going to easily pass the bill and the fight was really going to be in the Senate. Luckily because of all the constituents that came out, we slowed it down in the House and we almost won. We almost killed it four times in the House. It had to get pulled or delayed a number of times. But now, we are where we thought we would be which is in the Senate. This is where we need to stop it and if we can't stop it here in the Senate then it is going to be really hard to stop it at all.
Sarah: We were talking about the need to call everybody, but are there particular targets or particular Republican votes that you think you can flip on this?
Angel: Yes. We actually just created a new website. It is called TrumpcareTen.org, where we have the 10 states that matter the most. To be clear, I think the most important message that Republicans need to see and hear is that there is widespread national opposition to this bill. Again, there is. No one wants this bill. It doesn't matter if you are in California or if you are in Alabama. You should be out there telling your senators that you do not want this bill.
But, we do have the 10 states where we really do think that we can apply a little bit more pressure. I think the biggest ones are Alaska, West Virginia and Maine. We also have Nevada, Arizona, Colorado, Ohio and Pennsylvania. All of these places are important in this fight and they are going to make the difference.
Sarah: Indivisible has been around now for a while. Tell us how it is going. Are people still forming new groups? Where are things?
Angel: We do have new groups. Every day we have another few groups that join. We are over 6,000 and actually, some of these—we were at 7,000 but the number went down a little bit because some of these groups ended up consolidating, joining forces locally. It is actually our six-month anniversary this Wednesday. Groups are still mobilized. People are still activated. Now we have a few more staff people that we can use to provide more resources to the group. The excitement is still there. I think with all of these groups, the main thing on their mind is still ACA. That is what gets them out to town halls and that is what they are focused on now.
Sarah: How do people keep up with you and find their local Indivisible group?
Angel: If they go to IndivisbleGuide.com we have a directory where people can type in the zip code and find their local group. We know that there is a local group near them because there is at least two in every congressional district and an average of 13 in every congressional district.
Sarah: Wow.
Angel: Yes, we are everywhere. If for any reason there isn't a group nearby, if there is some issue, you can always start your own.
Interviews for Resistance is a project of Sarah Jaffe, with assistance from Laura Feuillebois and support from the Nation Institute. It is also available as a podcast on iTunes . Not to be reprinted without permission.
ARLINGTON, TX - JUNE 17: Rougned Odor and Isiah Kiner-Falefa score on a 2-run RBI from Jose Trevino #71 of the Texas Rangers who walks it off with a two-run single in the ninth against the Colorado Rockies at Globe Life Park in Arlington on Father's Day, June 17, 2018 in Arlington, TX. The Texas Rangers defeated the Colorado Rockies, 13-12.
C.J. Nitkowski: It's not the start they wanted but their recent success certainly gets you excited about the future. Players like Kiner-Falefa and Guzman have gotten unexpected opportunities and showing what they can do at the big league level. That is encouraging. The future is bright and this recent run of success is a good indicator of that.
Fox Sports Southwest Rangers analyst and former Rangers pitcher C.J. Nitkowski answered questions about the Rangers during a live chat Tuesday. Here are some highlights.
Will these Rangers team finish with over or under 55 wins?
C.J. Nitkowski: I'll take the over. The club has been playing well lately and there is no reason to believe that won't continue.
What do you make of Shin-Soo Choo's 42-game on-base streak?
C.J. Nitkowski: Vintage Choo. He is still really good vs. high velocity and he still has great strike zone & pitch recognition to go along with the bat to ball skills he has always had. It's been fun to watch.
Thoughts on Yohander Mendez? Does he ever get it all together for big league success?
C.J. Nitkowski: There is still time. He is just 23 and for left-handers that is young in baseball years. It's like the opposite of dog years. Every year in baseball for a righty is like a half year for a lefty. A small setback for him this season but the Rangers like him. He'll need to find a way to generate some more swing and miss at the big league level for me but I think he can get there.
Which Ranger will have the best All-Star Game performance this season?
C.J. Nitkowski: First things first, we'll have to see who will be representing the Rangers at the ASG. Choo seems like a leading candidate. It's been fun to watch what he has done at the age of 35.
Click here to see the full chat.
THCClean is the ultimate cheat sheet for THC detox and passing drug test. This blog is the right destination for all those people, who prefer to smoke cannabis during their free time, and thus, look for the effective methods to get weed out of their system fast.
Despite the fact that marihuana, which is also known as cannabis, weed, THC, grass, hashish, etc., is officially referred to as the most dangerous addictive drugs, which may ruin the life and health of its consumer, nowadays there're lots of opinions as well as confirmations showing that moderate consumption of this grass may provide lots of benefits as for our health as for our creative thinking and productivity. Therefore, there're lots of people, who like to enjoy cannabis in order to get relaxed as well as to restore their strength, while relieving stress and strain.
Still, there're many circumstances, when we can be required to pass a urine drug test, while proving that there's no THC in our urine. As a rule, this test is scheduled in a testing facility, allowing us to prepare for it. This test may show the presence of THC in our system, if we've smoked marihuana just one time 10 days before test.
Actually, there're many different options that will allow you passing this test securely. The most common options include flushing the body and use of adulterants or synthetic urine instead of your own. In case you are looking for precise instructions about how you can pass your drug test or simply look for the most convenient method to detox, you can read the blog of Sophie, who've made the comprehensive review of all the existing options enabling those, who opt for cannabis to pass their drug test. In such a way, the most effective methods, recommended by Sophie, incorporate the usage of Toxin Rid along with drinking, eating, exercising and sweating a lot in order to fasten the metabolic process, while getting rid of toxins. There're also other useful advices you can find on THCClean.net.
About THC Clean:
THC Clean is an informative blog, which was designed for those, who want to eliminate any traces of THC in their urine and pass the drug test successfully, while smoking marihuana once in a while. This website also provides the useful hinds for all those, who are addicted to this drug, and so, look for the proper solution to eliminate this addiction.
Contact:
Company: THCClean
Contact Name: Sophie Becker
Address: 113 N Lane
Email: sophiebecker114@yahoo.com
Phone: +1(343)-8772039
Website: http://thcclean.net/
Index Markets Research offers a detailed research on Global Rice Seed Market with the future prospects of the market to provide the current state and emerging trends in the market. The report covers methodical outlook by considering aspects such as market growth, market demands, business strategies, consumption volume, market trends and industry cost structure during the forecast period 2018-2025. New vendors in the market are facing tough competition from established international vendors as they struggle with technological innovations, reliability and quality issues. The Prominent Manufacturers included DuPont Pioneer, Bayer, Nuziveedu Seeds, Kaveri, Mahyco, RiceTec, RiceTec, Rasi Seeds, JK seeds, Syngenta, Longping High-tech, China National Seed, Grand Agriseeds, Dabei Nong Group, Hefei Fengle, Win-all Hi-tech, Gansu Dunhuang Seed, Dongya Seed Industry, Keeplong Seeds, Guangxi Hengmao Agricultural Technology, Opulent Technology, Zhongnongfa, Anhui Nongken, Saprotan Utama.
The Rice Seed Market report includes a brief on these trends that can help the businesses operating in the industry to understand the market and strategize for their business expansion accordingly. The research report analyzes the market size, industry share, growth, key segments, CAGR and key drivers. In this part, the report presents the company profile, product specifications, capacity, production value, and 2013-2018 market shares for each company. Through the statistical analysis, the report depicts the global total market of Rice Seed industry including capacity, production, production value, cost/profit, supply/demand and import/export. The total market is further divided by company, by country, and by application/type for the competitive landscape analysis.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-rice-seed-market/10145/#requestforsample
The Rice Seed Market report gives a description of the competitive nature of the market, market shares, and its growth rates based on 5-year history data along with company profile of key players/manufacturers. The Porter's Five Forces model and the SWOT analysis are also a fraction of this study so as to assist businessmen in recognizing the spirited background of the market. This is The market report integrates a study of the investment charisma of the market, and the end consumers have been standardized based on their general attractiveness, rate of development, and size of the market.It provides overview with growth analysis and historical & futuristic cost, revenue, volume delivered (in kilo tons) and the income it produces (in US$), demand and supply data (as applicable). The research analysts provide an elaborate description of the value chain and its distributor analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Rice Seed Market Products Type Segmentation : Long-Grain Rice, Medium-Grain Rice, Short-Grain Rice.
Rice Seed Market Applications Segmentation : Agricultural Production, Scientific Research.
Key Highlights of the Rice Seed Market :
1) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
2) Analyze the opportunities in the market for stakeholders by identifying the high growth segments.
3) It depicts parameters such as production value, capacity in a statistical format that is accurately fathomed by the readers.
4) Strategically analyze each submarket with respect to individual growth trend and their contribution to the market.
5) Strategically profile the key players and comprehensively analyze their growth strategies.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-rice-seed-market/10145/#inquiry
In the conclusion, The Rice Seed market downstream consumer analysis, upstream raw materials, different types of equipment are concealed in the report. Research findings, conclusions, industry feasibility analysis, vendors and traders involved, appendix data and figures in the form of tables, graphs, and pie-charts.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
ERIN, Wis. — Unless there's a significant change in the weather forecast, Phil Mickelson doesn't intend to make the USGA—or first alternate Roberto Diaz—wait too long on Thursday before formally giving up his spot in the U.S. Open field.
The six-time runner-up told Golf Digest's Tim Rosaforte that should the predicted early rain followed by clearing skies hold for Erin Hills, and it doesn't look like play will be delayed enough for him to fly from California, where he's attending the high-school graduation ceremony of his daughter Amanda, to Wisconsin for his 2:20 p.m., that he'll give tournament officials early warning that he's not coming.
“I know the forecast isn't looking good, so I'll most likely wait to make sure they tee off in the morning,” Mickelson said. “If the forecast continues to look good [for later in the day], I'll withdraw first thing in the morning [California time] is my game plan.”
Mickelson spent Wednesday in San Diego, attending the eighth-grade graduation of his son, Evan. Afterward, he got some practice in with his instructor, Andrew Getson, just in case Mother Nature decides to do him a favor back in Wisconsin.
RELATED: A (very) unofficial list of reasons for Phil Mickelson to send his caddie to Wisconsin
“If there's only a 5-percent chance, if the forecast looks like it's going to be clear all day, there's no sense [waiting until the last minute],” Mickelson said. “But if there's a chance, I'll be ready. I'll have everything ready to go.”
Pinterest Andrew Redington/Getty Images Jim Mackay, caddie for Phil Mickelson, walks across the course during a Wednesday practice round prior to the 2017 U.S. Open.
Mickelson's caddie, Jim (Bones) Mackay has been onsite at Erin Hills, gather information about the course in the event Mickelson is somehow able to get to the course in time to compete in his 27th Open.
“It's fine,” Mickelson said about missing out on the chance to try and claim the only major he is missing. “There will be a lot of other tournaments, there will be other U.S. Opens. This is a very special family moment that doesn't come along too often, and I'm excited to be there. I'm excited to watch her speak tomorrow. … I hope this works out, but I won't be sad or disappointed if it doesn't. There's going to be a lot of other tournaments.”
Special subscription offer from Golf Digest
WATCH MORE U.S. OPEN VIDEOS
The Lebanon Christmas parade returned Dec. 3 with the theme “Christmas Movies Come to Life.” Participants brought their favorite Christmas movies to life.
Float themes included “How the Grinch Stole Christmas,” “The Polar Express,” “A Charlie Brown Christmas” and more.
Country music star and actress Irlene Mandrell served as the Lebanon Christmas parade's grand marshal.
The Mt. Juliet Christmas parade Saturday featured Princess Leah as its grand marshal and the theme “Christmas in a Galaxy Far, Far Away.”
Parade participants showed their enthusiasm for the theme as Princess Leah, Chewbacca, R2-D2 and Stormtrooper costumes covered the ceremonies.
Two Rivers Ford, Daybreak Riding and Girl Scout Troop 670 took home awards for their parade floats.
The annual TDS Mt. Juliet Holiday Half Marathon and 5K run preceded the parade and featured dozens of participants, many covered in Christmas attire and ornaments.
The Watertown Christmas parade continued its traditional route down Main Street on Saturday and showcased plenty of Purple Tiger pride as the Watertown Marching Band set the tone for the parade.
The parade also featured the Watertown youth cheerleaders, Girls Scout Troop 924, Watertown High School athletes and students, local businesses and churches and local and state government representatives.
The Possumtown Christmas parade Sunday continued to celebrate the holiday in the community as several floats highlighted the area's pride.
The parade also served as an opportunity for the community to help families in need in and around Sneedville in Hancock County, which has the lowest median income per household of any county in Tennessee.
A tractor-trailer was parked in downtown Possumtown across from Friendship Christian School for donations, which will still be accepted until Dec. 19.
The delivery caravan will leave Dec. 20, and deliveries to the families will be made Dec. 21 in cooperation with the Hancock County Rescue Squad.
Items needed this year include non-perishable food, winter coats and sanitary items such as soap, shampoo, toothpaste, toothbrushes, deodorant, etc.
For more information, or to make a donation, contact Jerry McFarland at 615-330-8474.
In a continuing effort to foster activities that promote positive mental health and prevent substance abuse, Clermont County Mental Health & Recovery Board (MHRB) will fund “mini-grants” again for the upcoming year.
The Board is looking for innovative projects that will positively affect mental health and/or prevent substance abuse for any age group. A total up to $40,000, from the Board's levy funds, is available for programs serving Clermont County residents. The maximum funding per project is $4,000. The grant period is July 1, 2017, through June 30, 2018. Any organized group in Clermont County – with the exception of the contract agencies of the Mental Health & Recovery Board – can apply for funding.
Previously funded applicants are eligible to reapply. Applicants must have a financial structure in place to account for the awarded funds. Funds may not be used to cover ongoing operating expenses.
To apply for a mini-grant, submit a brief proposal that includes the name, address, email address and phone number of the contact person, a description of the activity/purpose for which the grant will be used, an explanation of how the activity will promote positive mental health and/or prevent substance abuse, a description of what part of the activity the mini-grant will fund if used with other monies, the date(s) of activity, and the amount of the funding request. Mini-grant funds cannot be used to purchase equipment such as iPads, iPods, tablets, or other electronic items. The funds can be used for materials, supplies, and/or food for activities planned.
Proposals must be submitted no later than Friday, May 12, 2017, to: Mini-Grant Project, c/o Cindy Knoblauch, Clermont County Mental Health & Recovery Board, 2337 Clermont Center Drive, Batavia, OH 45103.
Last year, the MHRB funded a total of 29 mini-grants to 22 separate organizations. Eight schools in Clermont County received grants that assisted in initiating activities that helped children stay drug-free and established mentoring programs. In addition, grants were awarded to other agencies providing services directed to community members, such as the Coalition for a Drug-Free Clermont County and Safe Harbor of Hope.
Any group receiving funding is required to submit a report to the Mental Health & Recovery Board on its efforts and outcomes following completion of the activity. A final accounting of funds must be submitted within 60 days of the end of the activity. All unused funds must be returned to the MHRB.
It is possible that mini-grants may not be available in the future or that a project funded once may not receive funds a second time, so mini-grants should be viewed as one-time only funds.
If you have any questions about applying for these grants, call the Clermont County Mental Health & Recovery Board at 513.732.5400.
This class has provided a true haven for women to think deeply about how they want to be as parents to their daughters.
Like this: Like Loading...
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) Danny Salazar finished six innings strong after a shaky start, Michael Brantley homered and drove in two runs and the Cleveland Indians beat the Minnesota Twins 3-1 on Monday night.
Salazar (1-1) struck out seven and retired 15 of his last 18 batters after allowing five hits and one walk over a seven-batter stretch spanning the first two innings. Brantley's groundout tied it in the third, and Edwin Encarnacion's single gave the reigning AL champions the lead on their way to only their third win in 10 games.
Then Brantley took Kyle Gibson (0-2) deep in the fifth inning, raising his career average in 13 at-bats against the Twins right-hander to .385 with four RBIs.
Cody Allen loaded the bases in the ninth, but he completed his third save by getting Joe Mauer to fly out to center field.
Twelve games into the season, the Twins entered with the lowest team ERA (2.46) in the majors, and the Indians brought the highest (5.35).
Salazar had the bases loaded in the first inning and escaped with a groundout. Then Eddie Rosario's RBI single with none out in the second gave the Twins an early lead and put runners at second and third, but Salazar slithered out of the situation with two strikeouts and an infield popup.
Predictably for the Twins and their missed opportunities, the right-hander went on a roll from there. Salazar struck out the side in the sixth, despite a one-out walk. He sent Rosario back empty after missing an 87 mph breaking ball that zipped out of the strike zone to finish the frame.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Cleveland: In the best-case scenario according to manager Terry Francona, 2B Jason Kipnis (sore right shoulder) would rejoin the team for his season debut on Friday in Chicago to face the White Sox. The two-time All-Star's rehab assignment was interrupted last week when he was hit on the left hand with a pitch.
Minnesota: CF Byron Buxton, off to an abysmal 4-for-43 start with a majors-most 23 strikeouts, was on the bench for just the second game. Max Kepler played CF, with Robbie Grossman in RF. Manager Paul Molitor said he thought Buxton made mild progress at the plate over the weekend.
UP NEXT
Cleveland: RHP Josh Tomlin (0-2, 18.47 ERA) will make his third start after two ugly turns. He allowed 18 of 36 batters to reach base.
Minnesota: RHP Phil Hughes (2-0, 3.86 ERA) will take the mound for the third time this year, seeking his first 3-0 start since going 5-0 in six turns in 2010.
—
More AP baseball coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
FOX Fantasy Baseball Join or Create a Free League
Play Now!
'Rogue One' tops box office for third straight weekend
hello
Bodhi Rook (Riz Ahmed) tries to help in "Rogue One: A Star Wars Story."
NEW YORK -- The "Star Wars" spinoff "Rogue One" has led the box office for the third straight week, taking in an estimated $64.3 million over the four-day New Year's weekend.
The success of "Rogue One" has only further cemented a record year for the Walt Disney Co., which ran up more than $2.7 billion in domestic ticket sales in 2016 and accounted for more than 25 percent of the market. "Rogue One" has grossed about $440 million in North America and nearly $800 million globally.
In its second week of release, the animated "Sing," from Universal Pictures, again trailed in second with $56.4 million
Some Oscar contenders are also packing theaters. The Los Angeles musical "La La Land" grossed $12.3 million. And Denzel Washington's August Wilson adaptation, "Fences," made $12.7 million.
Acumen Research and Consulting announced the latest market research report on “Phloroglucinol Market”.
This research study on the Global Phloroglucinol Market offers detailed and insightful information on major regional markets and related sub-markets. The information is gathered via both, but not limited to, extensive secondary research and primary research. The major secondary data sources referred for collecting information include industry journals, white papers, databases, company reports, and up-to-date press releases among others. The study also comprises factors driving and inhibiting the development of phloroglucinol market. The key opportunity areas and trends prevalent in this market are also been compiled in this study. The current size of this market and its predicted market size by the end of forecast period have been highlighted through this study.
Download Table of Content@ https://www.acumenresearchandconsulting.com/tentative-table-of-content/566
The report has been studied in terms of key market segments and sub-segments. The information on currently leading market segments and sub-segments and the reasons for this growth have been emphasized in the scope of this study. An extensive analysis of phloroglucinol market has been encapsulated on the basis of estimations of key market segments in the forecast horizon. In addition, the technological developments that took place in the market and those predicted to take place in coming years have also been outlined through this study.
The projections presented in this study on phloroglucinol market have been made by analyzing market's future potential and prevalent trends. The market's growth in various geographies has been studied in detail under this report. The top regions in this market and the reasons for the growth in that particular region have been outlined in the report. Further, the report presents competitive landscape of the phloroglucinol market, covering information on the market share/positioning analysis of leading players in the market. Under this section, the prime strategies of key players, their strengths and weaknesses, and contributions in market growth are discussed. These players are also evaluated on the basis of attributes such as revenue, gross, product overview, and contact information.
Report Coverage
Market Phloroglucinol Market Analysis Period 2015 – 2026 Historic Data 2015 – 2016 Base Year 2017 Forecast Data 2018 – 2026 Market Stratification Type, Application, Geography Regional Scope North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, Latin America, Middle East and Africa (MEA) Report Coverage Market Trends, Drivers, Restraints, Porter's Five Forces Analysis, Competitive Analysis, Player Profiling, Value Chain Analysis
Our expert team will assist and customize the report so that it best fit your exact requirement, Click Here@ https://www.acumenresearchandconsulting.com/request-customization/566
The major market segments of global phloroglucinol market are as below:
Market By Type
1,3,5-Benzenetriol
1,2,4-Benzenetriol
1,2,3-Benzenetriol
Market By End-Use Industry
Tests
Printing
Pharmaceuticals
Others
Market By Geography
North America
o US
o Canada
o Mexico
Europe
o UK
o Germany
o France
o Rest of Europe
Asia-Pacific
o China
o Japan
o India
o Australia
o Rest of Asia-Pacific
Latin America
o Brazil
o Rest of Latin America
Middle East and Africa (MEA)
o South Africa
o Saudi Arabia
o Rest of MEA
Market Players
Beijing Wisdom Chemicals Co. Ltd., Taixing Yinxin Chemical Co. Ltd, Sunny Industry Private Limited, Clent Chemical Co. Ltd, Shouguang Fukang Pharmacy Limited Company, Sunlong Biotech Co. Ltd., V & V Pharma Industries, Sanify Healthcare Pvt. Ltd., Vee Excel Drugs and Pharmaceuticals Pvt Ltd., and Trio Lifescience Pvt Ltd. are some of the key companies engaged in manufacturing phloroglucinol.
Inquiry Before Buying@ https://www.acumenresearchandconsulting.com/inquiry-before-buying/566
Buy this premium research report@ https://www.acumenresearchandconsulting.com/buy-now/0/566
Would like to place an order or any question, please feel free to contact at sales@acumenresearchandconsulting.com
About Us
Acumen Research and Consulting (ARC) is a global provider of market intelligence and consulting services to information technology, investment, telecommunication, manufacturing, and consumer technology markets. ARC helps investment communities, IT professionals, and business executives to make fact based decisions on technology purchases and develop firm growth strategies to sustain market competition. With the team size of 100+ Analysts and collective industry experience of more than 200 years, Acumen Research and Consulting assures to deliver a combination of industry knowledge along with global and country level expertise.
There are a few factors to be considered before undergoing the Lasik Surgery in Dubai. You need to make sure you are suitable to go ahead with this surgery.
The minimum age to consider the Lasik treatment is 18 years. You should be above 18 years to be eligible for this surgery. The eyes of people under 18 are still developing and changing and it would not be advisable to do this surgery for a pair of eyes that is not 18 years old.
If you are pregnant or nursing it would be healthy to postpone the surgery. You can wait until you have delivered the baby or stopped nursing to make an appointment for the surgery. If you think it is essential for you to still go ahead with the surgery you can talk to your surgeon and make sure if it is safe.
Your general health should be in a good condition. Lasik treatment is not usually recommended for people with diabetes, lupus, disorders of the cornea, retinal diseases and glaucoma. Once again, you can consult your surgeon to make sure you are healthy and if you have one of these conditions, you can ask him if you can undergo the surgery.
If you have experienced dry eyes in the past this might negatively affect the surgery. Dry eyes could be the results of wearing contact lenses, taking certain medication or any other reason. You will have to determine if your eyes are dry and what can be done to fix this. Once again, you will have to obtain the expertise of a surgeon.
If you are a person who enjoys wearing glasses or contacts you might have to forgo the surgery. After the surgery, you will have to give up on wearing glasses and contacts.
Your workplace requirements should be taken into consideration before the surgery. If for instance you are working in the construction industry and work in a dusty environment, you will have to consider how you will get through work after the surgery for a few days. You will need to consider if you can take a few days off work to recover from the surgery in a normal environment.
Take into account the factors mentioned above to avoid any complications and consequences that cannot be fixed or reversed.
Aidan O'Brien feels that it is now or never to try Churchill over 10 furlongs in next week's Juddmonte International at York.
After side-stepping an outing with the son of Galileo in the Sussex Stakes at Goodwood on account of the soft ground the Ballydoyle handler will now step the English and Irish 2000 Guineas winner up to a mile and a quarter.
Should Churchill take his chances on the Knavesmire it will see him renew his rivalries with Barney Roy, whom he finished fourth behind in the St James's Palace Stakes at Royal Ascot on his most recent start.
O'Brien told www.sportinglife.com: “Churchill looks like he is going to go there. We are happy with him and we are looking forward to it. If he is going to go there (mile and a quarter) we need to try it now. We always thought it would be well within his compass.”
Irish Derby winner Capri could bid to bolster his position at the the head of the market for the William Hill St Leger with an outing in the Betway Great Voltigeur.
O'Brien added: “Capri is in it and Venice Beach is in it. That type of horse they are all there. The horse that won at Leopardstown the other night (Spanish Steps) is in it. So we have three or four possibles for that.”
Plans are in place to drop Washington DC back down to the minimum trip on the Knavesmire for a second shot at the Coolmore Nunthorpe Stakes.
The son of Zoffany gained his second win of the season after landing a six furlong Group Three at the Curragh on Sunday.
He added: “That is where he could end up next. A fast pace and following the other horses will suit him. That's very possible.”
Almanzor makes his long awaited return to action in the Prix Gontaut-Biron Hong Kong Jockey Club at Deauville. Jean-Claude Rouget's brilliant colt won five of his six starts last season including top-level victories in the French Derby at Chantilly, the Irish Champion Stakes at Leopardstown and the Champion Stakes at Ascot.
His reappearance has been delayed, with Rouget not 100 per cent happy with his charge earlier in the campaign, but he returns at Group Three level on Tuesday.
Sylvain Vidal, racing manager for part-owner Gerard Augustin-Normand, said: “It's a very big day. We'll see what happens, but it's exciting. He worked very well last week. Jean-Claude is very happy with the horse.”
Almanzor once again holds entries in the Irish Champion and the Champion Stakes, but connections are keen not to look too far ahead. “We don't want to make plans until after he runs,” Vidal added.
Almanzor, currently second favourite for the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe behind Enable, faces just five rivals, with Rouget also fielding Zafiro.
Dual Classic hero Brametot is the star attraction in the Prix Guillaume d'Ornano at Deauville . Jean-Claude Rouget's colt claimed narrow victories in both the French 2000 Guineas and the French Derby and returns from a two-month break for this 10-furlong Group Two.
Brametot is jointly owned by Al Shaqab Racing and Gerard Augustin-Normand.
Sylvain Vidal, racing manager for the latter, said: “He is a very good horse and Jean-Claude is very happy with him. We'll make plans after tomorrow, but I know Jean-Claude is thinking of sending him straight for the Arc.
“We'll have to see how he runs and Al Shaqab own 55 per cent of the horse, so they will also be a big part of making the decision.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Derby County were firmly in control at half-time in Saturday's Sky Bet Championship clash with Brentford at Pride Park Stadium.
The Rams led 2-0 at the break, while the Bees were down to 10 men following the dismissal of Sergi Canos.
Tom Huddlestone and Cameron Jerome were on target for Gary Rowett's men - both scoring their first goals for the club.
Rowett made three changes from the side that started the goalless draw at Millwall on Tuesday night.
There was a first Derby start for January signing Jerome, while Ikechi Anya and Marcus Olsson also got their chance.
Jerome replaced David Nugent up front, Olsson came in for Craig Forsyth at left-back, while Anya took the place of winger Andreas Weimann, whose wife gave birth in the early hours of Saturday morning.
It was Anya's first league start of the season, having come off the bench against Millwall and Olsson started for only the season time in the Championship since September.
Deadline day signing Kasey Palmer was named on the bench.
(Image: Andy Clarke)
Midfielder Bradley Johnson (back) and goalkeeper Jonathan Mitchell (finger) both missed out once again.
Brentford boss Dean Smith also made three changes following the 1-0 home defeat to Norwich City.
Henrik Dalsgaard, Romaine Sawyers and Canos came in for Nico Yennaris, Josh McEachran and Neal Maupay.
The Bees were without Lasse Vibe, who had scored seven in his past eight league games, with the Danish striker set for a move to China.
Chris Mepham's headed clearance fell to Matej Vydra in the 12th minute and Derby's top scorer advanced into the area before seeing his shot deflected wide off visiting skipper Andreas Bjelland.
From the corner, taken by Tom Lawrence, Curtis Davies rose the highest but his header cleared the crossbar.
At the other end, a couple of minutes later, the ball bounced awkwardly inside the Rams penalty area and Richard Keogh's header away was pounced on by Florian Jozefzoon - but he blazed over from eight yards out.
Ollie Watkins then dragged a shot wide of the far post following Jozefzoon's low centre from the right as Brentford began to warm to their task.
But Derby went close to opening the scoring in the 21st minute.
Vydra released Anya into the area, on the left, and his cross for Jerome was deflected goalwards off Mepham. The ball looked to be heading for the top corner before keeper Daniel Bentley acrobatically clawed it away.
Moments later, Canos went in on Olsson inside the centre circle and referee Peter Bankes did not hesitate in showing the Brentford forward a straight red card.
(Image: Andy Clarke)
After lengthy treatment, Olsson was able to continue.
There was more drama in the 24th minute. Derby wanted a penalty after Vydra went down in the box under the challenge of Bjelland but their appeals were in vain.
The pressure was building on Brentford - and the Rams took the lead on the half-hour.
Tom Lawrence's corner from the right was headed goalwards by Curtis Davies and Bentley could only parry the ball, allowing Huddlestone to stabbed home from close range.
The midfielder had finally broken his Derby duck, in his 125th appearance for the club (over two spells), having made his Rams debut back in 2003.
Four minutes later, the home side doubled their advantage.
(Image: Andy Clarke)
Huddlestone lifted a pass into the box for Lawrence, whose effort was blocked by Bentley but Jerome was on hand to hook the ball into the net from six yards, evading the men on the line.
Just before the break, Derby were caught napping at a corner, taken short, but Romaine Sawyers fired over after combining with Watkins.
In added time at the end of the first half, Derby went close again as George Thorne whipped a shot narrowly wide of the post from 20 yards.
The term aviation connector applies to any electrical connector possessing multipin interconnects with contact housings and contact interface geometries. The circular connectors are preferred due to their ease of engagement and disengagement, their ability to conveniently house different types of contacts, their wide range of allowable contact voltages and currents, their ease of environmental sealing, and rugged mechanical performance. The growth of global aviation connectors market is influenced by various factors such as rise in the number of aircraft deliveries, shift towards electric architecture & technology, and existing backlogs of aircraft deliveries. The diverse applications of connectors in an aircraft is expected to render huge opportunities to the manufacturers in the upcoming years. The market players are adopting contract based strategies to hold their market position.
Aviation Connectors Market Research Objective
To define the scope and simplify the research study based on type, shape, platform, end user, application, and region.
• Estimate the current market size and forecast the same for the period (2017-2024).
• Market share by revenue for each segment and region analyzed.
• To provide insights on the major market dynamics (drivers, restraints & opportunities) and their impact analysis for the forecast period.
• Micro and macro level analysis of the market to elucidate lucrative investment opportunities.
• Porter's five forces analysis to deliver a comprehensive buyer-seller scenario and the state of business environment.
• Identification of the aviation connectors market trends in current scenario and its growth indicators.
• Benchmarking leading vendors in the aviation connectors industry based on their strategic attempts, financial status, and other internal and external parameters.
Request Sample Copy of the Report@www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/aviation-connectors-market/request-sample
Aviation Connectors Market Segmentation
By Type
PCB
• Fiber Optic
• High Power
• High Speed
• RF Connectors
• Others
By Shape
Circular
• Rectangular
By Platform
• Fixed wing
• Rotary wing
By End User
Military
• Commercial
• Business Jets
• Others
By Application
Avionics
• Landing Gear
• Cabin Equipment
• Engine Control Systems
• Others
Aviation Connectors Market By Region
North America
• Europe
• Asia-Pacific
• Rest of the World
Offered Customization
For this specific report, we offer 20% of free customization in order to deliver a tailored research report that specifically covers areas of client's interest in the aviation connectors market. Following are some most desired customization offers on this report:
Geographical Customization
• Split of the regional market into specific countries as per client's research requirements.
• Further breakdown of the major segments into sub-segments (as per request).
Vendor Profile Customization
• Further exhaustive analysis of additional companies operating in the market as per request.
Distinctive Requirements
• Research report on aviation connectors market covering specific country/region only.
• Requests for data tables only (specific requirement to quantitative research).
Request for Customized Report @www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/aviation-connectors-market/request-customise-form
About Esticast Research &Consulting :
Esticast Research & Consulting is a research firm providing research reports on various industries with a unique combination of authenticity, extensive research, and infallibility. We provide syndicated market research reports, customization services, and consulting services to help businesses across the world in achieving their goals and overcoming complex challenges. We specialize in providing 360 degree view of the markets to assist clients in determining new opportunities and develop business strategies for the future with data and statistics on changing market dynamics.
Esticast Research & Consulting has expert analysts and consultants with an ability to work in collaboration with clients to meet their business needs and give opportunities to thrive in a competitive world. A comprehensive analysis of industries ranging from healthcare to consumer goods and ICT to BFSI is provided by covering hundreds of industry segments. The research reports offering market forecasts, market entry strategies, and customer intelligence will help clients across the world in harnessing maximum value on their investment and realize their optimum potential.
Contact
Esticast Research & Consulting
410 State Route 57 East,#206, Washington, NJ 07882
Tel: 1-908-379-7709
Fax: 1-908-379-7709
Email: help@esticastresearch.com
Andre Guardarrama, who is autistic, celebrates after Miami Christian School won its first state championship in baseball since 1975.
MIAMI - An autistic teenager who was initially denied eligibility for a South Florida high school baseball team can now call himself a champion.
Andre Guardarrama, 17, is a member of the Miami Christian School baseball team, even though he attends Schoolhouse Preparatory.
Because his school doesn't have a baseball team, Guardarrama tried out for and made the team at Miami Christian School.
The Victors won the Class 2A state championship Monday, defeating Wakulla Christian School 9-3.
Although Guardarrama didn't play in the game, the victory is that much sweeter because he almost wasn't a part of it.
His parents told Local 10 News earlier this season that the Florida High School Athletic Association -- the governing body for high school sports in the state -- reversed course after initially granting him a special waiver to play for another school last year.
The FHSAA withdrew the waiver without giving him a reason. His father told Local 10 News in March that he thought the FHSAA was "holding him back because he is autistic."
After Local 10 shared Guardarrama's story, the FHSAA granted him provisional eligibility.
Miami Christian School claimed its first state title since 1975.
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
6:35 Video shown at SLO Chamber of Commerce dinner draws allegations of sexism Pause
0:28 Atascadero Creek threatens nearby home
1:44 SLO County rock climbers take on Cabrillo Peak
2:33 Cheers and jeers: Pro wrestling match at The Graduate is a slamming good time
1:23 Crews install steel mesh along Hwy. 41 to prevent future rockslides
1:26 Here's how Caltrans is shoring up Hwy. 41 hillsides after the rockslide
1:02 Marijuana could find a home in this Grover Beach zone
1:56 Baby elephant seals eat, sleep and cuddle with their moms at the crowded Piedras Blancas rookery
0:40 Oroville dam break would flood almost 200,000 California residents in 7 hours
The stomach connects the esophagus to the small intestine, and functions to break up food into small particles that can be absorbed by the small intestine.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
A rescue helicopter carried a 28-year-old woman to Lehigh Valley Hospital this morning after she ignited herself while trying to light a campfire in Archbald.
Police aren't releasing the woman's name until they notify family members.
The woman used gasoline to light the campfire about 10:45 a.m. on the 300 block of Kennedy Drive, according to Archbald Patrolman Brian Munley. Flames shot up and she caught on fire, he said.
She jumped into a pool to douse the flames.
Burns appeared to cover less than 50 percent of her front; her back was unburned, he said.
Archbald police Chief Timothy Trently couldn't immediately speak to the severity of her burns, but he said that she was conscious and spoke with first responders on the scene.
The incident did not involve fireworks.
Check back for updates.
- JON O'CONNELL
BARCELONA, Spain (AP) — A rescue ship carrying 60 migrants arrived Wednesday in a Spanish port after being refused entry by Italy and Malta, the second time in a month that a humanitarian group has been forced to travel for days to unload people rescued in the central Mediterranean.
The Italian government is blocking private rescue boats that it blames for encouraging human traffickers to launch unseaworthy boats loaded with migrants toward Europe.
But the aid groups deny having any link to smugglers in Libya or elsewhere, and say they are being forced to leave unattended the busy migrant sea transit route where deaths are mounting.
The Open Arms rescue ship completed a four-day journey to Barcelona, in northeastern Spain, after it saved 60 people Saturday from a rubber boat floating in waters north of Libya.
Advertisement
The migrants come from 14 different countries and include five women, a 9-year-old boy and four older teenagers, some of them unaccompanied. The Spanish aid group Proactiva Open Arms said they were generally in good health but some may have fuel burns.
The migrants were going through health checks and identification procedures. Authorities granted them a 30-day permit to apply for residence or asylum in the European Union. Many have relatives in Germany, Belgium and France.
According to the International Organization for Migration, more than 500 people have died trying to cross from Libya since the Aquarius, another charity rescue ship, was blocked from ports in Italy and Malta in early June. The 630 migrants were finally taken in by Spain and France.
Doctors Without Borders blamed the deaths on the European Union's inaction.
"The EU is abdicating their responsibilities to save lives, blocking search and rescue and condemning people to be trapped in Libya," the group said in a tweet Wednesday. "Any deaths caused by this are now at their hands."
In all, IOM says 1,405 people have died in the dangerous Mediterranean Sea crossing this year.
The Open Arms docking in Barcelona was followed closely by the Astral, a sister boat run by the same organization where four European Parliament lawmakers witnessed the rescue operation.
Lawmaker Javier Lopez of Spain said the rescue boat's arrival was a reason "to celebrate life" but deplored the mounting death toll in the Mediterranean.
Lopez said Europe should be able to manage the number of migrants arriving by sea this year— around 50,000 so far into Spain, Italy and Greece.
"Aren't we, 500 million Europeans, able to manage the arrival of 50,000 people?" he said.
__
Parra reported from Madrid.
MIAMI-DADE COUNTY, Fla. - Two people were seriously hurt after pickup truck crashed into a palm tree Saturday in southwest Miami-Dade County, officials said.
Lt. Felipe Lay, a spokesman for the Miami-Dade Fire Rescue Department, said the crash happened just before 10:30 a.m. at 125th Avenue and 40th Street.
Rescue workers at the scene had to pry the victims from vehicle, Lay said.
The photos from the scene of the crash show part of a palm tree jutting out the roof of the passenger side the truck.
The victims were transported to Kendall Regional Medical Center, Lay said. Both victims were listed in critical condition.
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
State bribery laws prohibit elected officials from receiving gifts from people or entities subject to their authority
A district attorney has been probing whether Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton broke any laws by accepting a $100,000 gift from a CEO whose company was being investigated for alleged fraud, according to news reports.
Kaufman County District Attorney Erleigh Wiley on Thursday told the Dallas Morning News she was examining whether Paxton ran afoul of state bribery and corrupt practices laws by accepting the gift from James Webb, whose North Texas medical diagnostic company ultimately paid $3.5 million to settle allegations that it improperly billed the government for Medicare and Medicaid services performed without appropriate medical supervision.
“There is an active investigation looking into that matter,” the newspaper quoted Wiley, a Republican, as saying. “We are carefully and thoroughly going through every piece of evidence.”
Wiley's office did not immediately respond to messages from the Texas Tribune.
Paxton has been fighting securities fraud charges since July of 2015 — a case that has faced multiple delays due to a dispute over prosecutors' fees. Paxton is accused of misleading investors in a company from before his time as attorney general. If convicted, he could face up to 99 years in prison. He has pleaded not guilty.
Webb gave Paxton a $100,000 gift in 2015 to help the Republican attorney general pay his growing legal bills. Paxton has disclosed accepting at least $547,000 in gifts for his legal defense over the course of his trial for alleged securities fraud.
State bribery laws prohibit elected officials from receiving gifts from people or entities subject to their authority, and as attorney general, Paxton's could extend broadly. Seeking to circumvent those barriers, Paxton's disclosures of legal defense gifts cited an “independent relationship” exception. That allows gifts from family members and those “independent” of an office holder's “official status.”
Paxton's team on Thursday acknowledged the investigation into Webb's gift and said Paxton did nothing illegal by accepting it and other gifts.
“We have fully cooperated with this inquiry since it began months ago and we have every indication from the Kaufman County DA's office that it will be completed soon,” Matt Welch, a Paxton spokesman, told the Texas Tribune in a statement. “Attorney General Paxton's personal financial statement fully complies with Texas ethics laws and has been thoroughly vetted by legal counsel who are ethics experts.”
Webb's company, Preferred Imaging LLC, admitted no wrongdoing in 2016 when it settled a fraud case with state and federal authorities, including the civil medicaid fraud division within Paxton's office.
Paxton's office has said the U.S. Attorney General's Office took the lead in investigating Preferred Imaging and that neither Paxton nor his office was actively involved in it.
The billing investigation covered a six-year period — between January 2009 and February 2015. Paxton took office in January of 2015.
According to the Dallas Morning News, Wiley said Thursday she was close to deciding whether to send the case over Webb's gift to Paxton to a grand jury. She said she received “great cooperation” from both the Texas Rangers and Paxton's legal team, the newspaper reported.
Welch, the Paxton spokesman, suggested Thursday that questions over the donation's legality amounted to “irresponsible media speculation and wishful thinking by political opponents.”
On Wednesday, Harris County District Court Judge Robert Johnson delayed the trial on one of three charges Paxton faces for a third time at the request of prosecutors, likely pushing the trial into 2018.
Scott W. Grant, DMD provides porcelain bridges that blend well with natural teeth and maintain healthy gums.
A Las Vegas federal judge has set bail of $30,000 for a celebrated young British cybersecurity researcher accused by U.S. prosecutors of creating and distributing malicious software designed to steal banking passwords.
A Las Vegas federal judge has set bail of $30,000 for a celebrated young British cybersecurity researcher accused by U.S. prosecutors of creating and distributing malicious software designed to steal banking passwords.
In this Monday, May 15, 2017, file photo, British IT expert Marcus Hutchins speaks during an interview in Ilfracombe, England. (AP Images)
In this Monday, May 15, 2017, file photo, British IT expert Marcus Hutchins speaks during an interview in Ilfracombe, England. (AP Images)
The Latest on the arrest of a British cybersecurity researcher accused of creating a malware program (all times local):
The Latest on the arrest of a British cybersecurity researcher accused of creating a malware program (all times local):
In this Monday, May 15, 2017, file photo, British IT expert Marcus Hutchins speaks during an interview in Ilfracombe, England. (AP Images)
In this Monday, May 15, 2017, file photo, British IT expert Marcus Hutchins speaks during an interview in Ilfracombe, England. (AP Images)
An attorney for a British cybersecurity researcher accused of creating malicious software to steal banking information says the researcher is "brilliant" and "a hero" who will eventually be cleared. Marcus Hutchins pleaded not guilty on Monday in Wisconsi
Marcus Hutchins pleaded not guilty on Monday in Wisconsin federal court to charges of conspiring to commit computer fraud. He was arrested Aug. 2 in the Las Vegas airport on his way home to England after a cybersecurity convention.
Until then, Hutchins had been seen as a cybercrime-fighting hero for finding a "kill switch" earlier this year that slowed the outbreak of the damaging WannaCry virus.
Hutchins' attorney Marcia Hofmann says he will vigorously defend himself and will be "fully vindicated" at trial.
An Oct. 23 trial date has been set.
Dear editor,
THE new Chipolopolo coach should give Green Eagles striker Tapson Kaseba a chance.Tapson has greatly improved in the past two seasons.
It is a pity that Bestone Chambeshi, the Nkana coach who took the Chipolopolo to the COSAFA Castle Cup tournament in South Africa, deliberately ignored talent from Green Eagles.
Kaseba has matured and can add depth to the Chipolopolo striking force.
Eagles' midfielder, Spencer Sautu, too, deserves a recall to the Chipolopolo.
He is undoubtedly one of the best midfielders in the league, far much better than some of the foreign players some clubs have recruited without any value addition.
EAGLES SUPPORTER
Choma
Building materials giant CRH posted its biggest gain in 14 months with shares surging 4.3 per cent in Dublin before 9am after the group said it had initiated a strategic review of its European distribution business.
In a stock market announcement early on Thursday morning the company said it has started a review in an effort to improve margins and returns from the business.
It is also “exploring other strategic options” for the business, it added.
The company's Europe distribution division sells and distributes build materials to professional builders, specialist heating and plumbing contractors and DIY customers.
The division was impacted in the first quarter of this year by adverse weather conditions, which pulled like for like sales 1 per cent behind the same period in 2017.
Revenue from the European distribution business as a percentage of total group revenue had fallen in the past number of years, from 19 per cent in 2015 to 16 per cent last year, the company's 2017 annual report shows. Operating profit in the same period did grow, however, from 8 per cent of total group operating profit to 10 per cent last year.
Davy analysts Robert Gardiner and Barry Dixon wrote in a client note that the review of the European business is “likely to lead to speculation of a possible sale of the business”.
In addition to its strategic review, CRH also said Thursday it plans to establish a new global building products division from January 1st 2019.
That division will pull together the company's Europe lightside, Europe distribution and Americas products division. Keith Haas, currently president of the Americas products division, will lead the new unit.
“The change, which had been flagged by management, is aimed at leveraging the group's scale to create further value through greater integration and synergies,” the Davy analysts noted.
CRH is targeting an improvement in its earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) of 300 basis points by 2021. That improvement could deliver EBITDA of around €4.8 billion on the back of cost savings of up to €500 million by 2021, Davy said.
Additionally, it aims to have fire power of €7 billion over the next four years, after capital expenditure and dividends, “providing significant opportunities for further value creation for our shareholders”.
For World Book Day 2018, the AMAR International Charitable Foundation has delivered over 6,000 illustrated children's books to displaced children in Iraq, all specifically designed for IDP youth.
Hussein Al-Alak (pictured below), who is running the Manchester 10k on behalf of AMAR, said:
“It's the only charity in the United Kingdom that supports health, education and, more importantly, mental health programmes, in Iraq …
“You've got a lot of amazing causes [in the race] and it's nice to be able to say: ‘This is what we're doing at AMAR'.“
You can help AMAR in its essential work in Iraq by donating here.
The big picture: Amazon and Apple may hold the two top spots as far as the world's most valuable companies go, but Microsoft is rapidly climbing the ladder. Satya Nadella has been at the helm for four years, during which time Microsoft's stock price has more than doubled.
According to a CNBC report, Microsoft has officially surpassed Google to become the world's third most valuable company, achieving a market cap of $749 billion compared to Alphabet's (Google's parent company) $739 billion cap.
To be clear, this is almost certainly not going to be a permanent change. The two companies have traded market positions for years, and there's no reason to believe Google won't retake their advantage in the future. However, it's a clear indication that Microsoft is doing something right.
Microsoft's growth surge under CEO Satya Nadella is likely due to the company's recent emphasis on cloud computing with Microsoft Azure, their focus on the Windows Mixed Reality platform, and their interest in artificial intelligence. Put in other words, a less Windows-focused Microsoft is a more diversified and valuable Microsoft.
Both Google and Microsoft's valuations still lag behind to the top two corporate giants, Apple and Amazon. The former is doing particularly well with a $923 billion market cap and a very profitable operation, while the latter's valuation is much closer to Google and Microsoft's at $782 billion. As recently reported, Amazon is still investing in long term strategy, spending most of its potential profit back into growing the company, which means Apple made more money during last quarter than Amazon has made in its lifetime.
WLS-TV(CHICAGO) — A toddler was killed on Chicago's gang-plagued West Side Tuesday after he was shot in the head, police said.
The 2-year-old boy was killed along with a 26-year-old man, who was the target of the shooting, a spokesperson for the Chicago Police Department told ABC News. The man was also shot in the head.
The two were pronounced dead at area hospitals.
A 20-year-old woman was also hospitalized after she was shot in the stomach. She is currently in fair condition.
All three victims were shot in a moving car in an alley, said police, who confirmed to ABC News that the shooting was gang-related.
Investigators have “very optimistic leads” in the case, police said, adding that detectives are currently analyzing surveillance video from the area.
They are also reviewing a nearly 30-minute Facebook live video that has surfaced and may have captured some of the incident as it unfolded. Police have not confirmed the authenticity of the video and whether it was filmed live in the car where the three were shot.
No arrests have been made.
CPD has very good leads in the investigation. Detectives are reviewing surveillance video. Tragically, the young boy succombed to injuries — Anthony Guglielmi (@AJGuglielmi) February 14, 2017
The shooting comes just days after two girls, ages 11 and 12, were both shot in the head in separate unrelated shootings that took place within 25 minutes of each other over the weekend in Chicago.
Both girls were rushed to hospitals in critical condition after they were shot Saturday night.
On Monday, Patsy Holmes, the grandmother of Takiya Holmes, told ABC News that the 11-year-old was still “fighting for her life.”
The condition of the 12-year-old victim is unclear.
Recent gun violence in Chicago has garnered national attention, with 2016 ending with a record number of shootings and the most homicides in two decades, according to police.
Last year, there were 3,550 shooting incidents and 762 murders, a total that averages to more than two murders and nearly 10 shootings every day in 2016.
On the first day of January alone, 28 people were shot in Chicago, according to data from the Chicago Police Department.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
When stuck in a hole the best advice is to stop digging, but what if you can't spot the hole in the first place? The NCEA review's promotion of project-based learning is an example of the sort of frantic digging that occurs when profoundly and blindly stuck.
What's wrong with projects? As the Hobsonville School students argued so passionately in the Herald recently, learning by doing projects is motivating and encourages learning. This "knowledge-how" approach also fits nicely with New Zealand's skills-based national curriculum. But what does the approach actually mean and what is the source of this learning?
These are the questions the NCEA review needs to ask. We curriculum designers call the source of learning "knowledge-that". It's made up of propositions, concepts, and content, referred to broadly as academic subjects. Knowledge-that is very different from the knowledge-how we practise in activities and projects.
The difference between the two forms of knowledge matters because the problem for our education system is to do with their order. The fatal flaw in the national curriculum and NCEA is that the knowledge order is wrong.
Advertisement
At present we put the skills of knowledge-how first. But we need to start with academic knowledge (knowledge-that), then have the well-designed and exciting activities and projects which allow students to show their understanding.
Assessment comes in at the final stage. Crucially, it should measure the understanding of the knowledge as demonstrated in its skilful application. At present the assessment tends to measure the skills themselves. It's easier that way.
Let's look at some examples — the alphabet (for young children), trigonometry (for older students), electrical circuits (for university engineering students). The same design principles apply to all ages.
If we use a knowledge-how approach to start, we would ask students to sound out the letters of the alphabet, measure the viewshafts from Auckland's volcanoes, calculate the current in the resistor in the circuit. It certainly sounds a sensible approach. After all, we do want young people to use the knowledge they acquire at school.
What's missing from these examples is what we need to know first so that using the skills is actually showing what we understand as well as what we can do.
When children sound out alphabet letters how do we know they associate the squiggles on the page with alphabetical names or are they just parroting the adult?
What trigonometry do you need before you can measure the viewshafts from Auckland's volcanoes or do you simply follow a list of instructions?
We may be able to calculate the current in the resistor in the electrical circuit by following the rules. But if we want to be able to do this in other projects, to generalise in other words, we need to know that current is a response to the application of electric potential to a closed circuit.
Following instructions and applying skills won't tell us that. We have to be taught it.
This is the crucial difference between the two forms of knowledge. Academic knowledge (knowledge-that) enables us to understand the meaning of what we do. It is challenging but also deeply fulfilling when we finally "get it". Because it can't be picked up from experience, it needs to be taught by an expert; a teacher in other words.
It's the old saying, academic knowledge is "taught not caught". The problem is academic knowledge is not as visible as knowledge-how so we tend to think the skills we see in action are the same as understanding what is meant.
A serious limitation of knowledge-how is that it doesn't provide the knowledge needed to generalise. When we think of professionals such as engineers, medical professionals, and teachers whose knowledge has consequences for the lives of others, whether the skills we see on the surface are informed by deep knowledge really does matter.
Starting with knowledge-how, with the project hands-on approach, leads to the very rote learning its supporters are, rightly, so opposed to. But there are deeper problems caused by starting with knowledge-how.
Without being taught the academic ideas behind the "doing" we cannot generalise to other projects or other situations. We are stuck in the one instance, in the here and now. We can follow instructions. We can apply skills, often quite advanced skills, but we can't understand, let alone explain and justify, why we do what we do.
It should concern us all that while New Zealand students are stuck in the knowledge-how world of experience, the NCEA review is there too.
• Professor Elizabeth Rata is director of the Knowledge in Education research unit in the faculty of education and social work at the University of Auckland.
More children should be having weight loss surgery, Harvard University researchers are now advising.
A new study sought to quantify how many obese children, teenagers and young adults undergo this type of surgery and found that the numbers are very low - coming to less than one per cent.
Of the 20.6 per cent of children between 12 and 19 who are obese, many will join the 38 percent of adults who suffer through the condition later in life.
In New Zealand, 11 per cent of kids is obese and a further 21 per cent are overweight.
Advertisement
READ MORE: • Nine foods to boost an ageing metabolism
The study authors said that operations like gastric bypass are "underutilised" and call for more children to undergo the surgeries in order to keep them from a lifetime of severe obesity.
"We can't have pediatric cancer go untreated," she says by way of comparison, "it can lead to death," says study author Dr Fatima Stanford of Massachusetts General Hospital.
"Obesity is the same, but we see it as a lifestyle choice rather than a disease condition," she says.
Obesity has become America's biggest medical battle in recent years, as an epidemic sweeps up a third of the nation's citizens - of all ages.
New Zealand has the third highest rate of obesity in the OECD behind the US and Mexico.
Children who are overweight or obese are five times more likely than other children to become overweight or obese adults, significantly raising their risks of type 2 diabetes and heart failure, among nearly every other common illness.
The US has ramped up some public health initiatives to combat childhood weight issues in recent years (though the government has rolled back others, like the Obama-era plans for healthier school lunches), but the efforts seem to have hardly made a dent so far.
Nearly one in five school-age children is still obese, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC).
These children will not only likely face related health problems as adults, but while they are still growing may suffer from sleep high blood pressure, skin infections, sleep apnea and other respiratory issues.
Currently, the CDC recommends that families, doctors and schools help children to avoid or address obesity by encouraging and taking part in healthy diets, good sleep habits and regular exercise.
But for those with severe obesity - marked by a body mass index score of 40 or over - these lifestyle changes may not be enough, the Harvard endocrinologists say.
If we have an excess of 12 inches of snow, would it be appropriate to go about shoveling it with a teaspoon? No. We want to use the appropriate tool for the size of the problem SHARE THIS QUOTE:
According to research published earlier this year, 1.9 per cent of children between two and 19 are severely obese (falling into the 'Class III' obesity category established by that study).
The new Harvard research, presented at the annual meeting of the Endocrine Society today, estimated that 0.7 per cent or more than 18,000 of the 2.5 million young patients whose medical data it analysed were severely obese.
The national guidelines to make someone eligible for weight loss surgery require that other methods have failed and that they either have a BMI over 40, or over 35 plus a weight-related complication like diabetes or sleep apnea.
If a person meets those criteria, the most common weight loss procedures are gastric bypass, gastric band or gastric sleeve surgeries.
Of these 14- to 25-year-olds, between 0.4 and 21.5 per cent had such an operation at one of five hospitals included in the study.
Surgery is "by far the best treatment for those that have moderate to severe obesity to bring about more weight loss," says Dr Stanford.
"The problem is that clinicians as well as the lay-population are not educated [about] the utility," she says, and, as a result, rates of these surgeries have remained steady over the years, even as obesity has surged in the US and worldwide.
Weight loss operations do come with risks like gastrointestinal links, malnutrition and so-called dumping symptoms, which have stoked fear around the surgeries.
But Dr Stanford says that the bigger issue is our own bias.
She says that this is biased and based on an incomplete impression of the people who get these surgeries.
"I would not recommend this for someone who has not made those lifestyle changes. As a doctor, I need to provide a tool for a patient that struggles even after making those changes," Dr Stanford says.
The Boston doctor says: "If we have an excess of 12 inches of snow, would it be appropriate to go about shoveling it with a teaspoon? No.
"We want to use the appropriate tool for the size of the problem and ... for those with severe obesity, we are most likely to promote longevity with early intervention."
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Mauricio Pochettino has confirmed that Tottenham Hotspur could look to recall Josh Onomah in January if transfer business doesn't go to plan.
Onomah, only 20, has scored three times in 21 appearances for Aston Villa this season having agreed a loan move back in the summer.
It's been an agreement that, until now, has largely been a successful one; it's benefitted all three parties in terms of development.
Onomah, also catching the eye for the England U21s this season, has scored in the draw at Bristol City and in wins over Burton and Sunderland.
He wasn't quite as effective in the recent draw at Leeds.
After Spurs wiped the floor with Stoke City at Wembley on Saturday, Pochettino was asked about the potential of recalling Onomah, and fellow loanee Cameron Carter-Vickers who is currently at Sheffield United.
“We have the possibility to bring them back,” the Argentine confirmed.
Onomah is currently one of three loan players at Villa Park, alongside fellow Premier League pair Robert Snodgrass and Sam Johnstone.
Speaking of Johnstone...
Steve Bruce has reiterated his desire to keep Sam Johnstone at Aston Villa beyond the expiry of his loan deal.
Manchester United stopper Johnstone has been at Villa Park for almost a year, across two separate loan spells, and will continue to be an important cog in the claret and blue charge for promotion between now and May.
Johnstone, 24, has had loans previously with Preston and Walsall among others, but it is at Villa where he has particularly caught the eye.
In his 43 matches in a Villa shirt to date, Johnstone has kept 17 clean sheets and played his part in ensuring Villa earned a point in their draw over the weekend with a Millwall side who came to attack.
Stan Collymore makes an Aston Villa promise - and it involves Birmingham City
Bruce, formerly of Manchester United as a player, has discussed Johnstone's situation with Jose Mourinho, who already has world class talent at his disposal at Old Trafford in the form of David De Gea and Sergio Romero.
And after the Lions stalemate on Saturday, the manager re-emphasised that he'd like to sign Johnstone on a permanent deal, if possible.
Johnstone is in the final year of his contract with the Red Devils, but they are expected to trigger a one-year extension in his contract in order to make sure they don't lose him for nothing.
Fans demand more, Millwall atmosphere rated, every word from Bruce and more Aston Villa news
“I just thought he was competent in everything he did,” Bruce said after the match against Neil Harris' outfit.
“I don't think there was any world class save or any big save. I thought the saves he made I would expect Sam to make.
“I think you know the way I feel about Sam. He's come on leaps and bounds since he's been here.
“He's a very, very good young goalkeeper and we'll do our best to keep him.”
In a new series, Herald journalists went to small town New Zealand to talk to voters about their hopes, fears and dreams. Each day we visit a town beginning with one of the letters H, E, A, R and T. Today, Jamie Morton visits Edgecumbe.
Charelle Stevenson tells a story she reckons sums up her little Bay of Plenty town.
It happened in the days after that bright blue morning of April 5, when a cyclone-swollen Rangitaiki River spilled through a breached stopbank at a rate of 100,000 litres per second and put Edgecumbe underwater.
Charelle's brother, Kyle, had a home in riverside College Rd, which bore the brunt of the deluge.
Advertisement
A local contractor had to remove his front gate to widen the road.
Another resident drove by, assumed the gate was being stolen, and rushed to the local bakehouse to warn Charelle.
When she arrived back at the Main St building supplies company she runs with dad Gary, the contractor was there, dropping off the gate.
"Everyone knows each other here ... even on my street, which is pretty private for Edgecumbe, we don't need a neighbourhood watch."
Today, the town, a tidy cluster of homes and warehouses set against a lush green dairy hinterland, framed between the peaks of Whale Island and Putauaki, is as quiet and peaceful as it ever was.
On a late winter afternoon you could shout at the top of your voice and be heard almost from one end of town to the other.
But all around town lie those reminders of a calamity that hasn't loosened its grip on the 1700-strong community.
Charelle Stevenson, owner of Peppers Building Supplies in the Bay of Plenty township of Edgecumbe. Photo / Alan Gibson Charelle Stevenson, owner of Peppers Building Supplies in the Bay of Plenty township of Edgecumbe. Photo / Alan Gibson
Most of them are brightly-coloured: engineers in high-visibility vests, yellow stickers on Windows, orange road cones, the words "no go" spray-painted upon a wrecked house's facade.
A high mesh-fence stretches along past those worst-hit College Rd houses, which have just been bought by the state.
Marilyn Kearns and husband John, who rescued a paraplegic neighbour minutes before a wall of water gushed across the road, have left town for nearby Kawerau.
They'd lived here for 18 months, become part of the community, and would love to have stayed.
"Everybody is so friendly here."
She said it was a tragedy the plucky town had been struck down at a time it was on the rise - maybe even for the first time since half its houses were left twisted and damaged by the 6.3 earthquake of 1987.
Unemployment and crime was down, there were few empty shops, rentals were hard to come by and houses for sale changed hands quickly.
Retired couples and young families had been moving in, lured by affordable homes a short drive from Whakatane, fishing at Thornton Beach, or the exploding number of new jobs down the road in a revitalising Kawerau.
Healthy dairy payouts funnelled cash into town, boosting farm supply companies, the SuperValue supermarket and other shops in Riverslea Mall.
Edgecumbe has long been blue-collar: its median income stands at about $23,000, registered labourers far outnumber managers, and most work in manufacturing.
But if more land was freed up for development, Charelle believed Edgecumbe could have had a population boom like Papamoa.
Businesses are still trying to make up for the time they spent out of action - even for just the nine days that residents were painfully kept from their houses and stores.
Flooding in Edgecumbe. Photo / George Novak Flooding in Edgecumbe. Photo / George Novak
"I'm not going to say that people are upbeat, because they're not," said Charelle, who chairs the local community board.
Months on, residents are still wrangling with insurers.
Some had discovered too late they had no cover at all and others, like John and Marilyn Kearns, had left town for good, moving out of the district, or out of the country.
"People keep asking me, how can we help, what's the need in Edgecumbe, and I say it's changing every fortnight," Charelle said.
"A good example is EQC shutting down sites after finding asbestos: people need advocacy and they don't know how to deal with those agencies.
"I do think there are people out there who are close to breaking point, but I also think, in general, our community has been very resilient."
Asked how successive governments' policies had affected Edgecumbe, she said it had always been the agricultural sector - the Fonterra plant employs a fifth of the population - and local business that really drove town's destiny.
Her own firm, Peppers, adapted to the impact of the floods by reaching further out of the area for business.
Some smaller firms had been forced to close.
While the Government put up a $700,000 support package to help about 100 companies in town, owners had been frustrated over trying to meet the criteria to access it.
"There are so many variables they didn't look at: we've got staff popping out to meet assessors all of the time, so we've been under-resourced at times," she said. "We met informally within a group a couple of weeks ago and asked our Chamber of Commerce advocate some really hard questions ... there were some really angry business owners."
There was still anger over what caused the flood in the first place - and particularly whether any failings by the district or regional council had played a part.
Graeme Bourk, Whakatane Council community board member, pictured on the new stopbank built on the Rangitaiki River. Photo / Alan Gibson Graeme Bourk, Whakatane Council community board member, pictured on the new stopbank built on the Rangitaiki River. Photo / Alan Gibson
Graeme Bourk, a College Rd resident who has lived in the area for half a century, suspects it was more good luck than good management that no one was killed.
After the floods in 2004 and 2005 ruined many homes, Bourk said the community had been promised there would never be a repeat.
"But it's happened again, and 10 times worse."
For now, locals have put their faith in an independent inquiry, focused on the river flood scheme and being led by former finance minister Sir Michael Cullen.
If people were not happy with the outcome, Bourk said he would have a legal attack plan ready to go.
"There are a lot of angry people in the town and I'm encouraging them to just keep the pot boiling, because once they let it go, it will be hard to get it back again."
But that unbreakable sense of community was holding fast, and helping people to carry on.
Charelle plans to spend the rest of her life in Edgecumbe.
She likes the fact that people mix together at the local pub and wants daughter Ari, 3, to have the humble, happy childhood she did.
"She can walk to school and play sport afterwards because she doesn't have to catch the bus. And I can go and watch her in cross-country ... that's always resonated with me.
"I mean, I own a home here, I'm part of a family business here, and I can see opportunities for Edgecumbe to move forward.
"The crux of it is there are good people in Edgecumbe, and it's a caring community."
The IT Department at Oxford University's Department of Engineering Science has engaged the learning and development consultancy, Explosive Learning Solutions (ELS), to provide Lean IT training and consultancy.
From June to October this year, ELS ran two courses for the Department, each with 11 students, as well as three follow-on workshops. The two courses followed the APMG LITA (Lean IT Association) syllabus, with one workshop designed for leadership and management, while the other two workshops focused on how to compile an A3 planning and problem-solving sheet.
According to ELS's Head of Operations, Cath Convery, the head of the IT Department needed to continue to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of its provision of IT services to the university's Department of Engineering Science. This involved bringing the department together to work more as a team to deliver an improved service to its customers.
“Being familiar with the concept of ‘Lean', the Department head felt that this would be the most effective vehicle to use to achieve his aims,” Cath added.
ELS opted to deliver APMG LITA courses to the members of the department.
APMG International is a global accreditation and examination institute, which accredits organisations to deliver training courses and consultancy services for a broad range of professional certification schemes. Its certification schemes, examination and accreditation services support the goal of enabling organisations and professionals to maximise their effectiveness through use of the latest methodologies and core competencies.
According to Cath, the APMG LITA courses not only gave the department a standard and widely recognised performance capability but also provided proof of continuing professional development (CPD) for the department's members by means of a formal qualification. Cath added this this approach also confirmed, for the learners, that their employer was investing in them as employees.
In addition to the courses, the follow-on workshops were designed to help embed Lean thinking and promote a sense of teamworking into the department culture.
“The courses and workshops were well received by all who were involved,” said Cath. “Indeed, the head of the IT Department has stated, ‘…the team found the training to be both interesting and engaging.
“‘Throughout our experience working with ELS we have found them to be flexible, responsive and helpful. Administratively, ELS are reliable and straightforward to deal with and we consider the training and consultancy services offered to be of a high standard.'”
Lean Principles are concerned with:
• Increasing customer value.
• Eliminating waste (work that does not add value).
• Management as a facilitator.
• The involvement of all employees.
• Continual improvement.
• Preserving value with less work.
Lean IT is an extension of Lean Principles, applied in an IT environment. The Lean IT approach is a way of thinking and acting, focusing on organisational culture.
For more information, please contact:
Cath Convery, ELS, +44 (0)1235 861805; email CConvery@explosivelearningsolutions.com
Marc Waterman, ELS, +44 (0)1235 861805; email MWaterman@explosivelearningsolutions.com
Bob Little, Bob Little Press & PR, +44 (0)1727 860405; email bob.little@boblittlepr.com
A group dedicated to ousting Mayor de Blasio is demanding a city watchdog investigate a “propaganda” video produced by City Hall for possible campaign-finance violations.
In a letter dated Dec. 30, NYC Deserves Better founder Bradley Tusk asked the Campaign Finance Board to examine whether the taxpayer-funded video is lawful since it looks suspiciously like a campaign ad.
The video was released just five days before a prohibition on “city-financed advertisements” kicked in and just as de Blasio's 2017 re-election campaign was soliciting year-end contributions.
Tusk cited the City Hall video from last week as raising “a number of legal and ethical questions.”
The video, which features two Broadway actors, touts the mayor's accomplishments in the style of a campaign commercial.
City Hall officials said it cost $900.
De Blasio argued last week that it didn't qualify as advertising because the city didn't pay anyone to air it.
Already have an account?
Choose from 3 subscription plans to access.
You can cancel anytime.
9N7ES,9N7AE
11.08.2017-17.08.2017
DXCC: Nepal
Zone: 22
Eri/KM4DAY and Alex/LZ4AX. QSL both callsigns via LZ3SM.
Cluster spots
Refresh spots
So this is awkward:
On Sunday afternoon, MLB.com Twins beat reporter Rhett Bollinger tweeted that one of the team's top pitching prospects, 22-year-old lefty Stephen Gonsalves, would visit doctors in Minnesota about his injured shoulder.
Gonsalves, ranked the No. 99 overall prospect by Baseball America before the season, has yet to pitch in a game in 2017. But an unverified Twitter account that appears to belong to the pitcher soon responded to the news asking, “Someone explains how I don't know about this?”
Baseball players — and presumably everyone else in the world — would prefer not to learn news about themselves via social media, so if the Twins shared their plans for Gonsalves with the media before sharing it with Gonsalves himself, they risked a rift with a pitcher that could be part of their big-league rotation before the end of the 2017 season. Luckily, it appeared to be nothing more than some miscommunication:
An update on Stephen Gonsalves. Twins GM Thad Levine offered a correction. Gonsalves already met with Twins doctors. Everything came back OK — Rhett Bollinger (@RhettBollinger) April 16, 2017
The Twins got off to a good start in 2017, and while they still appear unlikely to remain in contention through the summer, they suddenly look fairly stacked for the future: Miguel Sano is a budding star, and fellow young position players Jorge Polanco, Max Kepler and Robbie Grossman all showed promise last season before getting off to hot starts in this one.
But their pitching rotation can't match their lineup for youth, and Gonsalves appears one of the most likely internal options to land on the starting staff of the next good Twins team. So it's probably a good thing they're not messing with him.
(Thanks to /r/baseball for calling our attention to this tweet.)
Dental implants are metal posts or titanium posts or frames that are surgically positioned into the jawbone beneath your gums. Once in place, they allow your dentist to mount replacement teeth onto them. An implant doesn't come loose like a denture can. Dental implants also benefit general oral health because they do not have to be anchored to other teeth, like bridges. Because the implants fuse to jawbone, they provide stable support for artificial teeth.
Dentures and bridges mounted to implants won't slip or shift in your mouth, an especially important benefit when eating and speaking. This secure fit helps the dentures, and bridges as well as individual crowns placed over implants feel more natural than conventional bridges or dentures. Dental implants can be used to replace a single tooth, several teeth, or all of the teeth. The goal of teeth replacement is to restore function as well as esthetics. When it comes to tooth replacement, generally, there are three options: (1) removable dental appliance (full denture or partial denture), (2) fixed dental bridge (cemented), and (3) dental implant.
To receive implants, you need to have healthy gums, and adequate bone to support the implant. You must also commit to keeping these structures healthy. Meticulous oral hygiene, and regular dental visits are critical to the long-term success of dental implants. Dental problems you cannot ignore, and in order to get them treated properly, then you have to visit the doctor again and again, this is the reason why you must find some good doctor within your locality, so that it would be convenient for you to visit again and again. To find the best Implant Dentist Gainesville, Florida is not a difficult task, you can easily do it by doing some exercise listed below but not limited to;
* References: Your personal references can also help you to find the best dental implement dentist with contact information. Your reference could be your boss, office staffs, friends, relatives etc.
* Ask to General Dentist: In first case you should talk to general dentist since in some cases, your general dentist may provide complete dental implant care (surgical and restorative) in his or her office.
* Online Portals and Directories: You can also find the information about the Dental Implant Dentists in Gainesville Florida using online portals and directories. It can provide a comprehensive list of dentists who handle all, or part of, the dental implant process.
* Check Newspaper: If you get newspaper daily at your home, so you can search the best professional dentist or dental implement dentist over them. There you will also find the address of some dental clinics available in your area i.e. Gainesville FL.
* Hospitals and Private Clinics: You can also find the dental implement dentist in the local private hospitals and clinics. They operate a central booking system, hence you can also contact them by using online modes such as Emails, Phones or Skype.
Tioga Dental & Orthodontics Clinic Gainesville's most comprehensive dental office offering local, General, Preventive & Family Dentistry in Gainesville, Newberry & Jonesville, FL
Sri Lanka formally handed over commercial activities in its main southern port to a Chinese company on Saturday and received $292 million out of a $1.12 billion deals, Finance Minister Mangala Samaraweera said.
The deal, signed in July, will see China Merchants Port Holdings, handling the Chinese-built Hambantota port on a 99-year lease. The port is near the main shipping route from Asia to Europe and likely to play a major role in China's “Belt and Road” initiative.
“Today we received $292 million as the first tranche of the Hambantota Port joint venture. This is but the first step in realising the true commercial value of the port after seven long years,” Samaraweera told the parliament.
The $1.5 billion port was launched in 2010, but was incurring losses due to lack of commercial activity.
Ports Minister Mahinda Samarasinghe has said the government will receive another 10 percent, or around $100 million, in a month and another $585 million in six months.
An initial plan to give the Chinese firm an 80 percent stake triggered protests by trade unions and opposition groups, forcing the government to make some revisions that limit China's role to running commercial operations while retaining for Colombo oversight for broader security issues.
Both sides then agreed to redraw the deal and the Chinese firm will now hold 70-percent-stake in a joint venture with the state-run Sri Lanka Ports Authority (SLPA), part of a plan to convert $6 billion of loans that Sri Lanka owes China into equity.
Sri Lanka has said the Chinese firm will invest an additional $600 million to make Hambantota port operational and $1.12 billion from the deal will be used for debt repayment.
Government and diplomatic sources told Reuters that the United States, India and Japan had also raised concerns that China might use the port as a naval base.
India is in advanced talks with Sri Lanka to operate an airport near Hambantota port.
(Reuters)
We have The 4-Hour Work Week to thank for Silicon Valley entrepreneurs' fervent embrace of the now famous Beckett quote on failing better but the pragmatic words of (probably) Einstein seem more apt for sinking start-ups: “The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over and expecting different results.”
Google has taken this very much to heart with its method for learning from failure: an internal process in which it deep dives into the least desirable effects that occurred as a result of the failure and how it can learn from that. It's not simply “fail better” so much as dissecting the failure to see what went wrong and it is aptly known as the postmortem.
Root causes
An example postmortem on Google's reWork blog breaks down the process: identifying the impact of the failure, root causes, trigger, and finally, resolution that leads to “action items” or, if you're feeling Beckettian, “fail betters”.
https://rework.withgoogle.com/blog/postmortem-culture-how-you-can-learn-from-failure/
The bridge over San Luis Creek in Avila Beach, California, is about to undergo a seismic retrofit. It is the route to the Diablo Canyon Nuclear Power Plant and Port San Luis. The first step is to remove former oil pipelines, Caltrans says.
On Monday, Germany marks the day when the hated Berlin Wall has been gone as long as it stood. Its demolition began on November 9th, 1989, 28 years after it was built. But German unification remains a costly, ongoing task, in particular to overcome mental blocks between eastern and western Germans that have outlasted the physical division.
This is what Germans mean when they talk of the “wall in the head”. But they're not alone in having a mental block.
Ask any of the almost 13,000 Irish people living in Germany how their adopted homeland is perceived back in Ireland, and many mention a wall in Irish minds towards Germany.
On paper, everything is fine: with bilateral trade ties worth €25 billion annually, Germany is Ireland's second-largest inward investor and third-largest source of tourists, with over 650,000 German visitors to Ireland in 2016.
But what about in the other direction, beyond city breaks to Berlin and boozy Oktoberfest excursions to Munich?
Some 30 years after Joxer went to Stuttgart for Euro '88, have the Irish, in their relationship with Germany, ever really – mentally – arrived?
An Irish pub in Frankfurt: decentralised tourist hubs?
Cracks appeared in the veneer of civility between the countries during the financial crisis that convulsed Europe in the years after 2008. In snugs and on talk shows, the talk was of Germans “dominating” us and forcing us to pay back greedy bondholders – while conveniently forgetting our own politicians who set us up for the fall by nationalising the banks.
A decade after the banking crisis hit, Brexit is the new crisis. With no choice but to turn it into an opportunity, Minister for Foreign Affairs Simon Coveney has announced a comprehensive review of “vital” Irish-German relations, to “vigorously advance our interests and our goals”.
So what are our interests and goals? And how can they be realised when, as one Irish official in Dublin admits, “Germany is an unknown to many here and that makes it appear intimidating.”
Countdown to Brexit
As the Brexit clock winds down, and Ireland looks for new partners in Europe, is it not about time that we “get over ourselves” in relation to Germany?
Ireland's ambassador to Berlin Michael Collins says the time is right to think anew about Germany – and not just because of Brexit. Next year is the 90th anniversary of diplomatic relations between the countries, and 20 years since the embassy returned to Berlin from Bonn.
“This review process is about – post-bailout and post-Brexit – asking the question: what sort of message and image should we try to make known about Ireland here in Germany?” says Collins.
As part of the process, he and his staff have toured this massive country to meet the Irish community, with an option of expanding the official presence beyond Berlin in the near future.
“There's definitely an argument to be made that we should we have a place in Munich, Frankfurt, or both,” he said. “But is an additional presence sustainable, how much will it cost us, and can we do it on experimental basis for a few years?”
Berlin may be the home of the federal government, but Germany's federal nature and 16 states means the real business is done elsewhere.
If the state government of North Rhine-Westphalia in Düsseldorf declared independence tomorrow, its economy would displace Sweden's in the European league table. In the south, Bavaria's gross domestic product is more than twice Ireland's.
Ireland is the right place: great for kids, so much space and empty beaches. People here in Germany are dying to go somewhere quiet with fewer people
A strategic review that fails to take account of Germany's federal structure will perpetuate Ireland's Berlin-centric approach to the country.
On a drizzly evening that could be Dublin if it wasn't Hamburg, 30 Irish people have shown up in a fluorescent-lit university seminar room to knock about ideas. Irish pubs in Germany still attract over 8 million people, says one Hamburg pub owner, and would be happy to act as decentralised tourist information hubs.
James, a scientist from Mayo, has spent two years working at DESY, a massive physics research lab that employs 5,000 people here. “It's an extraordinary place with opportunities for undergrad placements, but most don't even know it's here,” he says. “In Europe, Germany is the place to get a spot in science.”
Paul Quigley, who runs his own business in Hamburg, suggests Ireland is missing a trick on agritourism.
“I have German friends who go on their family holidays to Austria to an open farm, but there are a lot fewer in Ireland,” he said. “Ireland is the right place: great for kids, so much space and empty beaches. People here in Germany are dying to go somewhere quiet with fewer people.”
Joe Hogan, working in Hamburg since 2009 in the export trade, says he doesn't get “any negative comments about Ireland – bar that we are a tax haven”.
Poisoned tax apple
The poisoned tax apple dangles over these consultations and, with no change likely on Irish fiscal affairs, any new review will fight an uphill battle to communicate the Irish side of the fiscal narrative.
One approach might be to change the narrative by becoming a constructive partner. Ask around in Berlin and you sense a positive underlying vibe towards the Irish, but no one can remember the last time Dublin came up with innovative policy suggestions or solutions to problems that lay beyond its own narrow, national interest.
Is Ireland's relationship to Germany – and, indeed, the EU – too transactional, too focused on what we can extract from or sell them?
“That would be a big part of it, yes,” says Alan Dukes, former Fine Gael leader and chairman of Anglo Irish Bank, who is part of a delegation in Berlin this week from Ireland's Institute for International and European Affairs (IIEA).
He sees potential to boost Dublin's ties to Berlin through energetic membership of Pesco, the structured integration of European armed forces that Ireland and 24 other EU member states launched last year.
Niall Gibbons, CEO of Tourism Ireland, Brendan Griffin, Minister of State for Tourism, and Zoe Redmond, Tourism Ireland's manager for Central Europe at the launch of a new tourism strategy for the German market. Photograph: Naoise Culhane
“We are at a point,” he said, “where we are going to have done something positive anyway about the [Irish] armed forces if Ireland is going to continue to participate in UN operations. Pesco is a platform to make a greater overall contribution.”
One starting point for redefining Ireland's relationship with Germany is to explore how other countries of a similar scale do so.
Being proactive beyond its immediate neighbourhood is one way Finland, with a population of 5.5 million, evens out its asymmetrical relationship with Germany. Helsinki has a long disarmament tradition, including disposing of chemical weapons in Syria, and being outside Nato hasn't stopped it working with Germany in the western Balkans and Afghanistan.
Finland's ambassador Ritva Koukku-Ronde says Finland doesn't have a bilateral strategy with Germany.
“We concentrate on implementation of our . . . multi-annual action plan, which is updated yearly,” she said, in co-operation with all state bodies and other players with interest in Germany.
The need for closer co-ordination of Irish state bodies is mentioned often in Irish-German community consultations, along with the hope that Dublin will move beyond a perceived transactional relationship with its disenfranchised emigrants.
Others bemoan a lack of coherent thinking in Ireland about how to nurture the next generation of children raised in Germany with one or two Irish parents. A recent test run of Irish language classes in the Irish embassy in Berlin was a big success, but the Dutch are far more ambitious.
A state-founded foundation subsidises Dutch language and cultural lessons for children abroad. In Berlin alone, over 120 children in two locations take 12 hours of lessons a month for which their Dutch parents pay €400 a year. The lessons cater for Dutch families staying here, who want a grounding for their children, as well as for transitory families who want their children to slot back into the Dutch school system with recognised language skills.
Ask Danish Ambassador Friis Arne Petersen about his country's relationship with Berlin and he summarises it as “developing the art of surviving in this globalised world”.
With a narrow, 68km border, Denmark's relationship with Germany is far broader than Berlin. Instead it has identified federal states open to co-operation with on its key policy priorities, from renewable energy to digitalisation. Danish diplomacy in Berlin has a private-sector feel, selling embassy expertise to Danish firms interested in cracking Germany – at €130 an hour.
This approach raises three-quarters of the embassy's annual €2 million budget. As Petersen says: “Who better than an ambassador to advise companies on who to talk to here?”
Beyond Riverdance
Outside of our Berlin embassy, there are no shortage of cross-cultural ambassadors between Ireland and Germany. Take Jörg Widmann, the German star clarinetist, composer and principal conductor with the Irish Chamber Orchestra, based in Limerick.
Having an Irish orchestra bringing classical music to Europe, in particular to Germany, has an air of coals to Newcastle about it. But the Limerick ICO attracts ecstatic reviews here and is one important, perhaps under-appreciated, cultural bridge.
“We get standing ovations in Berlin because the ICO is a very special orchestra that is uniquely Irish, but no doubt more can be done to build on that,” says Widmann, suggesting an exchange between young Irish and German musicians.
Berlin-based Irish tenor Paul McNamara is a founding director of Opera Collective Ireland, which is staging Monteverdi's The Return of Ulysses, directed by Patrick Mason
“When young people come together through art and music, it can change a lot. I would love to see an exchange programme, and to contribute however I can.”
Buried in Germany's arts world is an Irish army of well-trained, world-class singers, musicians and dancers, like Munich-based soprano Tara Erraught and Berlin-based Wagner tenor Paul McNamara.
Ireland contributes a lot more to the European cultural context than Guinness, Riverdance and Kerrygold, but it's not always realised at home
He is a founding director of Opera Collective Ireland (OCI), a platform for young performers, which will this year present Monteverdi's The Return of Ulysses. The production is directed by Patrick Mason, and, in a cultural coup, features the world-renowned Akademie für Alte Musik Berlin.
Rather than appointing a top-down cultural manager in Germany throwing around funding in the hope it will stick, McNamara suggests working to finance smaller cultural strands that allow individual practitioners to activate their networks in their artistic fields.
Project funding combined with the cachet of embassy involvement, he says, can be a golden ticket into Germany's sprawling cultural infrastructure – from opera house subscriber lists to friends of galleries. That, in turn, opens doors for further co-operations and the prospect of a real exchange and two-way, cultural traffic.
“Ireland contributes a lot more to the European cultural context than Guinness, Riverdance and Kerrygold, but it's not always realised at home,” he says. “Celebrating the Irish who are out there in Europe, and enabling them to do more, is part of the solution.”
No matter how wisely spent, cultural diplomacy cannot be done without money. The Irish embassy in Berlin's cultural budget – after a recent funding boost – is €82,000 a year for all of Germany.
Denmark's embassy spends five times that, while the Finnland Institut has a cultural budget of €700,000. Its director, Laura Hirvi, sees the institute as a matchmaker between German institutions and Finnish artists, shielded from direct government control.
“We don't do a piano evening hoping to get well-known German politicians in the audience,” says Hirvi. “If that happens, great, but we are about creating networks and thinking long-term, so people work together long after we bring them together.”
After the review of Irish-German relations is completed in March, rather than start with the hard stuff, Dublin could consider launching a soft power push.
When the curtain comes down on the 2018 Imagining Ireland festival in the UK, maybe it will be time to push at the open door to Germany.
Perhaps Christy Moore can even be persuaded to bring back Joxer to Stuttgart.
Hooters of Boca Raton will donate a portion of its sales to Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School.
BOCA RATON, Fla. - A Hooters located about 15 miles from Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School is hosting a fundraiser to benefit the Parkland school.
Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School will receive $2 from every purchase of $10 or more made Tuesday at the Hooters in Boca Raton.
More Parkland School Shooting Headlines
There will also be raffles throughout the day for a chance to win a two-night stay at the Courtyard by Marriott in Aventura and other prizes.
The proceeds raised will be donated to the fund established for the students and faculty of Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School, where 17 people were killed in a mass shooting on Valentine's Day.
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
Actor and producer Wesley Snipes, known for his role in the Marvel Comics trilogy Blade, will speak at the Alamo Drafthouse Cinema Sloans Lake on July 27 to promote his debut novel, “Talon of God.”
Snipes will appear in conversation with coauthor Ray Norman and Walter Chaw, President of Operations at AlamaDrafthouse, which co-sponsors the event along with Tattered Cover Book Store. The novel tells the story of a holy warrior and a faithless doctor who try and prevent a powerful demon from establishing hell on earth. The fantasy novel will be sold on July 25 through Harper Voyager.
Attendees will receive a signed hardcover copy of the novel. After the book talk, Snipes will introduce a screening of “Blade II.” The in-person screening will be $40 per person, and there will also be a $35 overflow theater where the talk will be live streamed. Tickets go on sale Thursday, June 15 at 9 a.m. through Alamo Drafthouse Cinema.
Why “Blade II” and not “Blade”? It's a house favorite, the theater told us.
Despite uncertainties around the world, companies continue to see the value of incentive travel to reward their high performers. That's among the insights from the Society for Incentive Travel Excellence Foundation, which surveys buyers and suppliers to learn about the internal and external challenges to incentive travel success. Listen in as Rhea Stagner, vice president, supplier relations and sourcing at Maritz Travel and the SITE Foundation's 2017 President, shares her top takeaways from the SITE Index Survey results.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
As Valentine's Day approaches, McArthurGlen East Midlands Designer Outlet has announced the centre is holding a drive in the 1950s style drive in cinema showing five romantic classic films from Top Gun - to Dirty Dancing.
From February 12 – 16, the South Normanton shopping centre will transport guests back to 1950s America with a pop-up drive in cinema situated in the North Car Park.
Priced at £25 per car regardless of passenger numbers, fashion-lovers and cinema-buffs alike can enjoy cult movie classics on a giant screen from the comfort of their own cars. Spaces can be reserved from 4pm, leaving guests plenty of time to shop and dine at one of its restaurants before the films start promptly at 8pm.
The film schedule is:
Monday February 12 - LA LA LAND
Oscar winning La La Land stars Ryan Gosling as a jazz pianist and Emma Stone as an aspiring actress, who meet and fall in love in Los Angeles while pursuing their dreams.
Tuesday February 13 - PRETTY WOMAN
Set in Los Angeles, this romantic comedy tells the tale of an unlikely pair, a wealthy businessman and a down-on-her-luck Hollywood working girl, whose relationship develops after he hires her to be his escort for several meetings and social functions.
Wednesday February 14 - TOP GUN
This 1986 classic stars Tom Cruise as a young naval aviator, who is given the chance to train at the Navy's Fighter Weapons School with a group of other new recruits.
Thursday February 15 - FOUR WEDDINGS AND A FUNERAL
The BAFTA winning Richard Curtis classic follows the adventures of Hugh Grant's character Charles and his circle of friends at many social occasions as they each encounter romance.
Friday February 16 - DIRTY DANCING
17-year-old Frances "Baby" Houseman is on holiday with her affluent family when she develops a crush on the resort's dance instructor, Johnny Castle, played by Patrick Swayze.
Tickets can be purchased online via the following link - http://www.urbandriveincinema.co.uk/
The 2019 model year marks the start of a new cycle for some of America's top trucks, led by redesigned pickups from Chevrolet and Ram. Ford's top-selling F-150 had updates in 2018, and more may be in the offing for 2019. Typically, Japanese truckmakers Nissan and Toyota aren't far behind with their own updates. Edmunds breaks down what you need to know about today's crop of full-size pickups.
2019 CHEVROLET SILVERADO
Arriving at dealers in the fall, the 2019 Chevrolet Silverado features a ground-up redesign that results in a longer, lighter pickup. Weight savings of around 450 pounds should pay dividends for fuel economy and acceleration.
The new Silverado offers a taller driving position and more room in crew-cab models. It also has the largest cargo box in its class and a power-lowering and -raising tailgate that's exclusive to the class.
Advertisement
The Silverado offers a variety of engines: a V6 (285 horsepower), a V8 (355 horsepower), a larger and stronger V8 (420 horsepower), and a turbocharged four-cylinder (310 horsepower). A six-cylinder diesel arrives in early 2019.
The Silverado's mechanical twin, the GMC Sierra, is also new and goes on sale in the fall. The 2019 Sierra will offer a more upscale interior than the Chevy, along with other exclusive features such as a carbon-fiber cargo box and enhanced technology. The MSRP for a 2019 Silverado crew cab ranges from $34,600 to $53,000.
2018 FORD F-150
Perennially the top-selling vehicle in America, the F-150 reigns supreme among full-size trucks. Multiple trims and configurations, four engine options, and remarkable capabilities make the F-150 a benchmark. Engines include a new base-level 3.3-liter V6 (290 horsepower), along with two turbo V6 options (325 horsepower or 375 horsepower), a V8 (395 horsepower) and a new diesel V6 (250 horsepower).
With towing capacity of up to 13,200 pounds and up to 25 mpg combined city/highway fuel economy, there's not much the F-150 can't do. There's even the bonkers 450-horsepower Raptor edition that can traverse broad swaths of off-road terrain without breaking a sweat. The MSRP for a 2018 F-150 crew cab ranges from $34,245 to $60,850. The 2019 F-150 is expected to be released later this summer.
2018 NISSAN TITAN
Built in Mississippi, the Titan is nearly as American as its domestic rivals despite its Japanese origins. The current Titan was redesigned for 2017 with a bold new look and a new XD model that splits the difference between the capabilities of regular half-ton and heavy-duty pickups. The Titan offers a single 390-horsepower V8 engine and can tow up to 9,740 pounds. The XD version comes with the same V8 or an optional diesel V8 that helps the truck tow up to 12,640 pounds.
The Titan's not our first choice among full-size pickups, but it's roomy and comfortable and it delivers legitimate capability at an attractive price. The MSRP for a 2018 Nissan Titan crew cab ranges from $35,930 to $56,800. The 2019 Nissan Titan arrives this fall.
2019 RAM 1500
Ram shook up the truck world a decade ago with a new rear suspension design that delivered sedan-like ride comfort without sacrificing capability. A refined, comfortable cabin and advanced tech features made its rivals look like archaic work trucks almost overnight. The rivals have since caught up, but the new Ram, thoroughly overhauled for 2019 and now on sale, continues to innovate.
A new frame and body design yield more room for rear passengers and reduce weight by about 200 pounds. The Ram's V8 engine (395 horsepower) returns with a revamped eight-speed transmission that makes more timely shifts. There's also a 3.6-liter V6 base engine that will be paired up with an electric-assist system for smoother power and acceleration and a maximum tow capacity of 12,750 pounds. Redesigned front seats, new technology features and an optional 12-inch infotainment display add to the Ram's winning streak of refinement. The MSRP for a 2019 Ram 1500 crew cab ranges from $34,495 to $56,495.
2018 TOYOTA TUNDRA
The Tundra has gone the longest of any in this group without a full redesign. It's still plenty capable, offering two V8 engines (310 horsepower and 381 horsepower), two body styles and three bed lengths. It can tow up to 10,200 pounds, carry a 1,730-pound payload and handle itself well off-road. The Tundra also is built in the U.S.
The aging Tundra could benefit from a diesel engine (increased towing strength), a smaller turbocharged V6 (better fuel economy) and a thorough technology update. Still, the Tundra has a charm for certain truck buyers. The MSRP for a 2018 Toyota Tundra crew cab ranges from $35,450 to $50,330. The 2019 model arrives in the fall.
EDMUNDS SAYS: With new designs from Chevrolet and Ram and further refinements to the venerable F-150, it's a great time for full-size truck shoppers. Most pickups offer similar capabilities, so look for such qualities as comfort and innovative technology to make a difference.
____
This story was provided to The Associated Press by the automotive website Edmunds. Dan Frio is a staff writer at Edmunds. Twitter: @danfrio; Instagram: danfrio
Related links:
— Video: 2019 Ram 1500 First Drive https://bit.ly/2N6jlxm
— Video: Diesel or Gas? Two F-150s Face Off https://bit.ly/2KteVid
— Video: 2019 Chevrolet Silverado Unveil https://bit.ly/2KgcIe0
— Truck Tech: A Look at the Coolest Newest Pickup Truck Technology https://edmu.in/2MtRupB
Justin Verlander was an eyewitness to the last time anyone hit three out in a single postseason game. Matter of fact, he was the victim twice, when he was a Tiger and Pablo Sandoval was a still-productive Giant. Kung Fu Panda's three bombs in Game 1 of the 2012 World Series launched the Giants to a Series sweep.
Verlander thinks it's far more fun to be just the eyewitness. Especially when he's the beneficiary, as he was in Game 1 of his Astros' American League division series against the Red Sox. And, perhaps even more, when it's Jose Altuve hitting the three.
"I told him the last time I've seen three home runs in a game was Pablo Sandoval and I gave up two of them," Verlander said after the 8-2 win, "so I'm glad there's somebody new that's done it."
Altuve, the Tom Thumb of the Show, blasted two onto the left field pavilion at Minute Maid Park off Red Sox starter Chris Sale in the first — right after teammate Alex Bregman hit one into the porch seats nearby — and the fifth. In the seventh, he met Red Sox reliever Austin Maddox and drove one so far above the pavilion you thought for a moment that only the closed retractable roof kept it from landing in the street behind the ballpark.
"Hey kids," tweeted former pitcher Ryan Dempster, who kept Altuve to 2-for-8 with a double and two runs batted in when facing him before he retired, "don't ever let anyone tell you that that you are too small to chase your dreams, not big enough to play with the big kids."
Right now Altuve's the biggest little kid on the Astros' block. He's too modest to say it and he insists it's no big deal. "As soon as I cross the white line," he said after the game, "I feel the same size as everyone else."
Tell that to teammate George Springer, who didn't seem to mind taking the three punch-out collar in Game 1 so long as he got to watch Altuve channel his inner Reggie Jackson. "He makes sure he stays on top of his gym routine," Springer crowed, "whatever it is. The dude is just a joke."
Incidentally, Verlander had a pretty decent day himself. He may not be the classic Verlander anymore, but he kept the Red Sox to a pair of runs on six hits with three punch-outs despite 2 walks in 6 innings' work. He hasn't lost as an Astro yet. But who the hell needed him? This was Altuve's postseason coming out party.
"I think we can officially call him a 'run producer'," Verlander deadpanned. "He gets so many hits that I think some of his run production gets cast aside a little bit. But he's the best hitter in the league, and that's in a league of really, really good hitters."
The last Astro to leave the yard three times in any game was Carlos Lee in 2007 ... during the regular season. Altuve may be calmly aware of his own talent, but the coding for hitting three out in a postseason game seemed not to have been programmed into his software.
He hardly seemed to mind that teammate Marwin (the Magician) Gonzalez put the Astros up for keeps with a two-run double that busted a two-all tie in the fourth.
"I hit one and I was like: 'Wow.' And the second one is like, 'Wow, what's going on here?'" he said.
So what about numero three-o, Jose? "I got to wake up," he grinned. Don't you dare, you could hear assorted Astros thinking to themselves.
Altuve is one of the few current Astros who has survived the franchise's arduous ground-up rebuild. Right now he's not just a survivor, he's close enough to a savior.
"How good is Jose Altuve?" asks manager A.J. Hinch. "It's incredible to watch him step up and be every bit the star that we needed today for sure. It's hard to describe in different ways."
It may be harder for the Red Sox to describe Altuve's mayhem after a day on which Chris Sale was lucky to pitch into the sixth inning and the Red Sox may have been lucky to pry a couple of runs out of Verlander, whose resurgence since his trade from the Tigers seems miraculous enough in its own right.
Sale's slider could have been slapped with away without leave charges, his fastball had its moments but not its movements, and the Astros got to the point where it looked as though they were using him for batting practice ahead of facing Drew Pomerantz in Game 2.
"Anytime he mislocated, particularly in the middle of the plate," said Red Sox manager John Farrell, "they made him pay for it. And then his slider was hit and miss today. Some were flat, some had good depth, but the inconsistency to the location pitch to pitch is a difference in this one against a team that makes you pay."
"I just never really gave my team a chance to win today," Sale lamented. "Put [us] in a hole early. They fought back and they fought back hard and I gave it right back to them. It happens, a terrible time for it to happen."
Things started disastrously right out of the chute for the Red Sox. Designated hitter Eduardo Nunez went down to his bothersome knee after running out a grounder and then out of the game. He came out of the game in favor of Hanley Ramirez, and the Red Sox said if the knee continues to bother Nunez they'll pull him from the roster in favour of Chris Young.
That might be easier for the Red Sox to solve than Altuve was in Game 1.
"The more you get to know him," said Game 2's scheduled Astros starter Dallas Keuchel, to Bleacher Report, "the greater you think he is. Because it's not just about his MVP-type talent. He's a leader in the clubhouse. He's a guy who can make you laugh at any point in time. He loves music; he's always singing and dancing."
For a guy who practically had to plead his way into an Astros tryout after several other teams turned him down because they didn't think he was big enough, Altuve just might be the biggest thing in an Astros uniform since ... your guess is as good as mine.
Three Hall of Famers — Jeff Bagwell, Craig Biggio, and Nolan Ryan — were in the audience for Altuve's version of "Three to Get Ready." All three could only be impressed. Altuve was almost the least impressed man in the house.
Ask around the Astros and you'll discover he's still the kid who sometimes can't grok that players might go three days without a hit when he frets that he's gone three at-bats without one. On Thursday, that was the least of the problems for the American League batting champion and the biggest of a pocketful of Red Sox headaches.
"To be honest with you," Altuve said, "I already forgot about my batting title. This is a new season for me." Long as he doesn't forget how to hit, the Astros are thrilled.
Dr Ann Louise Gilligan, wife of Minister for Children Katherine Zappone, has died following a short illness.
In a statement on Thursday morning, the Minister said she was heartbroken by the death of Dr Gilligan, whom she married in 2003 in British Columbia.
The couple first met in Boston College in 1981, where they were doing their doctorates in theology.
Dr Gilligan, from Dublin, taught at St Patrick's College, Drumcondra and at Dublin City University. She was also a co-founder and director of An Cosan, a centre of learning, leadership and enterprise in Jobstown, Tallaght West.
Róisín Meets: Katherine Zappone and Ann Louise Gilligan
The Minister said Dr Gilligan's vision was “that education transformed poverty” and she believed in “the power of imagination to bring about personal and social change”.
She described her wife as a fearless “champion of equality, fairness and justice” and said she was a tireless campaigner who “through the courts, the Oireachtas and ultimately on the doorsteps” helped to secure marriage equality in Ireland.
“Her exceptional love of children lives on through the work of the thousands of primary school teachers she educated throughout the country,” she said.
Dr Zappone also offered her appreciation to Professor Joe Harbison and the team at Mercer's Institute for Successful Ageing in St James Hospital, who looked after Dr Gilligan during a two-month illness.
“They provided care, comfort and support for which I will be forever grateful,” she said.
“Arrangements for those who wish to remember Ann Louise will be made public in the coming days.”
California's new ‘sanctuary state' law is expected to have limited impact in Sonoma County because of current restrictions already in place about cooperation with federal immigration agents, local authorities said.
The main change will be to shield immigrants convicted of driving under the influence from immigration-related notices to federal authorities when they are set to be released from jail, local officials said.
Senate Bill 54, signed by Gov. Jerry Brown on Thursday and effective Jan. 1, largely prohibits state and local law enforcement from using staff or funds to hold, question or share information about people with federal immigration agents unless those individuals have been convicted of one or more offenses from a list of 800 crimes outlined in a 2013 state law.
Sonoma County sheriff's officials said the new law aligns with department policy put in place this summer.
“We're pretty much in line with the new law,” said Sgt. Spencer Crum, spokesman for the Sonoma County Sheriff's Office. “SB 54 won't have any significant impact on what we're doing right now.”
Since mid-August, when Sheriff Rob Giordano implemented the new policy at the county jail, officials only respond to federal notification requests on inmate releases in cases where inmates have been convicted of serious and violent crimes outlined by the state Trust Act. The 2013 law prevented county jails from detaining inmates for additional time past their release date at the request of Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents.
Giordano also named a dozen additional crimes that would warrant cooperation with ICE, including DUIs, battery and sex crimes relating to minors.
The new state law will block the Sheriff's Office from cooperating on those dozen crimes selected by the sheriff.
Local immigration advocates had taken issue with Giordano listing DUIs as grounds for responding to ICE requests for notification of jail releases. They welcomed Brown's signature on the legislation, which was opposed by the California State Sheriffs' Association.
“DUIs are one of the more common offenses ICE picks people up for, so this is a very significant step,” said Richard Coshnear, a Santa Rosa immigration attorney who heads Comité VIDA.
Immigration judges have stopped granting bail to people convicted of DUIs, Coshnear said, so immigrants often sit in jail months while fighting deportation.
The change in Sheriff's Office policy over the summer has significantly reduced communication with federal immigration agents, according to jail figures. Before Aug. 18, Sonoma County Jail officials responded to every notification request, with ICE agents arresting inmates upon release roughly a quarter of the time.
Under the new policy, from mid-August through the end of September, jail officials responded to less than half of the requests — 43 of the 90 — sent by ICE. The number of arrests made by ICE agents at the jail was also roughly halved, according to the Sheriff's Office.
Many of the 43 people who met criteria for ICE notification at the county jail had been convicted of DUIs and will now be shielded from release notifications, said Sonoma County Public Defender Kathleen Pozzi.
The new law will also do little to alter how police interact with immigrant communities in Sonoma County, as local police chiefs say their officers do not inquire about immigration status and do not assist in ICE operations.
By Joseph Erunke
ABUJA—THE Chief of Army Staff, Lt. General Tukur Buratai, yesterday, accused formations and units of the service of not rendering proper record of arms in their possession.
He made this known in a speech at the Nigerian Army Headquarters while inaugurating a 17-member panel to verify the number of arms in the various army formations and units across the country.
While noting that the army “has an existing procedure for checks and balances in which formations and units render computerised arms returns for accounting purposes”, he, however, lamented that “these laid-down procedures have over time been jettisoned or compromised for various reasons.
”The arms verification exercises across all Nigerian Army, NA, formations remain highly valuable to the Nigerian Army, hence it is carried out annually or as at when necessary.
“The Nigerian Army has an existing procedure for checks and balances in which formations and units render computerised arms returns for accounting purposes. These laid down procedures have over time been jettisoned or compromised for various reasons.
”The NA has procured different types of arms for the conduct of training and operations. However, we have discovered that some of these weapons were delivered straight to various theatres of operation without following the proper process of documentation and accounting.
“This has sometimes resulted in double accounting by many formations especially those involved in counter-insurgency and other military operations in aid of civil authority. There is therefore the need to have accurate records of the holding in various depots and arms stores across the Nigerian Army.
”It is to this end that your committees were convened to go round all the units and formations in the NA to verify their arms holdings.”
He said the committee's report would complement existing accounting procedures with a view to enhancing efficient planning support for ongoing Nigerian Army operations, telling members who are all retired Army offers that :”As committee members, you have all been carefully selected based on your proven record of integrity and meticulousness.”
By Johnbosco Agbakwuru
ABUJA- PRESIDENT Muhammadu Buhari on Wednesday assured the President of Sierra Leone, Mr Julius Maada Bio, of Nigeria's support, including military, as they work towards a stable and improved economy.
President Buhari who gave the assurance when he received his Sierra Leone counterpart, President Bio at the Presidential Villa, Abuja, congratulated Bio on the successful elections and the transitions that had ushered in a new government in the country.
He said, “We will continually stand by you to ensure stability in your country. We believe security in the West Coast region, Africa and the world should be a collective concern.”
The President said Nigeria had for a long period provided security support for the Sierra Leone especially during the 11 years of civil war, and promised that the country would continue to assist the forces on the ground to ensure the peace and stability needed for development.
President Buhari in a statement by his Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity, Malam Garba Shehu, said he shared a lot in common with the Sierra Leonean President, which includes ruling the country as a military general, contesting several elections as opposition and winning to face the challenges of security and an ailing economy.
In his remarks, the President of Sierra Leone said his country remains grateful to Nigeria for the brotherly role it had played in ensuring an end to protracted civil war in the country, and the successful political transitions since then.
Mr Bio said he would work towards deepening the bilateral relations with Nigeria, and the strengthening of the regional bond, particularly in the areas of security and trade.
As we say a fond farewell to Diane Rehm we also welcome the new program 1A to the St. Louis Public Radio airwaves, airing Monday through Friday, 9 a.m. to 11 a.m.
Hosted by Joshua Johnson, 1A aspires to be the most important daily conversation about the issues of our time. The show will take a deep and unflinching look at America, bringing context and insight to stories unfolding across the country and the world. 1A will explore important issues such as policy, politics, and technology, while also delving into lighter subjects such as pop culture, sports and humor.
The producers are excited to hear what listeners think as the program gets started in January. Send email to 1a@wamu.org, and join the conversation on Facebook and Twitter at @1A. If you want to share feedback with 1A's programming team, email contact1A@wamu.org or call 202-885-1234.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Even before he'd read the memo, President Donald Trump seized on what it could mean.
The president first learned of the House Intelligence Committee document last month from some Republican allies in Congress and he watched it take hold in the conservative media, including on some of his favorite Fox News programs, according to seven White House officials and outside advisers.
The classified memo sent to the Oval Office by the committee's majority Republicans asserted that the FBI and Justice Department abused their surveillance powers to monitor the communications of a onetime Trump campaign associate. Trump told confidants in recent days that he believed the memo would validate his concerns that the "deep state" — an alleged shadowy network of powerful entrenched federal and military interests — had conspired to undermine the legitimacy of his presidency, according to one outside adviser.
That adviser and the others weren't authorized to publicly discuss private conversation and spoke on condition of anonymity.
Advertisement
Trump's decision to authorize the memo's public disclosure was extraordinary, yet part of a recent pattern. Like few of his predecessors, Trump has delivered repeated broadsides against intelligence and law enforcement agencies, working in tandem with some conservatives to lay the groundwork to either dismiss or discredit special counsel Robert Mueller, who is leading the Russia investigation.
"This memo totally vindicates 'Trump' in probe," the president tweeted Saturday from Florida, where he was spending the weekend. "But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on. Their (sic) was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction (the word now used because, after one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING, collusion is dead). This is an American disgrace!"
Trump had dismissed forceful pleas from the FBI director, Christopher Wray, and the second-ranking Justice Department official, Rod Rosenstein, to keep the memo under wraps. They said the four-page document was inaccurate and lacked critical context, and they made their views known in a remarkable public statement objecting to its release. Democrats said the memo, which disclosed material about one of the most tightly held national security processes, selectively used Republican talking points in an effort to smear law enforcement.
Trump, however, was undeterred.
Early last week, aides briefed him on the never-before-used-process that the House would use to release the classified memo. Lawyers at the White House and Capitol Hill worried about making dangerous missteps.
Trump told allies he believed the memo would reinforce his belief that accusations of collusion between his 2016 campaign and Russian officials were false and part of the conspiracy to discredit his victory. And the president signaled that he would approve the memo's public disclosure if the House committee voted to pursue that course.
Several aides cautioned that the memo did not contain convincing evidence of a conspiracy, while others urged him to black out sections on intelligence-gathering methods, according to a White House official. Other advisers, inside and outside the West Wing, questioned why his administration had allowed the memo to become the dominant talking point during the week when he gave his first State of the Union address, overshadowing the well-received address.
But those worries, as well as fears that the disclosure could lead to retaliatory leaks from the Justice Department, did not hold sway in the Oval Office. Trump made clear to aides he was intent on seeing the memo released as soon as possible.
White House officials with concerns resigned themselves to the memo's release. Trump put his chief of staff, John Kelly, in charge of making that happen, and Kelly called Justice Department officials multiple times to upbraid them for criticizing the likely disclosure.
Trump's counsel, meanwhile, took issue with the House process. Don McGhan believed that if the president only allowed the memo to go out, rather than declassify it, that would set a dangerous precedent and curtail executive powers, according to a White House official.
A final decision to authorize the release, without any part blacked out, came Thursday, a day before the document was sent back to the House for publication. While many in Congress, including House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., denied that the release undermined the FBI or Mueller's investigation, Trump seemed to acknowledge that the memo was explicitly political.
"The top Leadership and Investigators of the FBI and the Justice Department have politicized the sacred investigative process in favor of Democrats and against Republicans - something which would have been unthinkable just a short time ago," the president tweeted on Friday.
Trump has complained bitterly about Rosenstein, who is overseeing Mueller's inquiry after Attorney General Jeff Sessions stepped aside. Rosenstein appointed Mueller as special counsel after Trump fired James Comey as FBI director last May.
Trump would not say on Friday whether the memo made him more likely or not to fire Rosenstein.
"You figure that one out," Trump told reporters.
Later, two White House officials said Trump was not considering parting ways with Rosenstein, at least for the moment. But the memo's release and Trump's penchant for keeping Justice Department officials on their toes were just the latest signs that the president intends to keep the agency on a short leash.
Trump first asked Comey for loyalty before firing him. He repeatedly berated Sessions, publicly and privately, after the attorney general's decision to withdraw from the Russia investigation, and railed about what he perceived as insufficient loyalty while urging the Justice Department to reopen its investigation into Hillary Clinton's emails. He reportedly asked the FBI's No. 2 leader, Andrew McCabe, which presidential candidate McCabe voted for in 2016 and targeted the deputy director for attack in the weeks before McCabe announced a sudden departure from the bureau.
Trump also has taken his cues from conservative media and latched onto to a number of stories — including anti-Trump text messages by FBI agents — to distract from the Russia investigation and call into question the integrity of Mueller's work.
Sessions, eager to return to Trump's good graces, seemed to tacitly agree with his boss' criticisms of the Justice Department. "I have great confidence in the men and women of this department. But no department is perfect," Sessions said.
___
Follow Lemire on Twitter at http://twitter.com/@JonLemire and Miller at http://twitter.com/@ZekeJMiller
0:50
When is it OK to drive after drinking? Impaired judgment makes it hard to tell
LOS ANGELES (AP) — As part of the crew digging a subway extension under the streets of Los Angeles, Ashley Leger always keeps her safety gear close by.
When her phone buzzes, she quickly dons a neon vest, hard hat and goggles before climbing deep down into a massive construction site beneath a boulevard east of downtown.
Earth-movers are diverted, and Leger gets on her hands and knees and gently brushes the dirt from a spot pointed out by a member of her team. Her heart beats faster because there's a chance she'll uncover what she calls "the big find."
Leger is a paleontologist who digs for fossils in the middle of a city rather than an open plain or desert. She works for a company contracted by Los Angeles transportation officials to keep paleontologists on hand as workers extend a subway line to the city's west side.
Advertisement
"They're making sure that they're recovering every single fossil that could possibly show up," Leger said of her team of monitors. "They call me anytime things are large and we need to lead an excavation."
Since work on the extension began in 2014, fossilized remains have routinely turned up from creatures that roamed the grasslands and forests that covered the region during the last Ice Age, about 10,000 years ago.
They include a partial rabbit jaw, mastodon tooth, camel foreleg, bison vertebrae, and a tooth and ankle bone from a horse.
But the discovery that still makes Leger shake her head in disbelief came about a year ago, shortly after construction began on the project's second phase. She was at home getting ready for bed when a call came in from one of her monitors.
"It looks big," he told her.
The next morning, Leger knelt at the site and recognized what appeared to be a partial elephant skull.
It turned out to be much more. After 15 hours of painstaking excavation, the team uncovered an intact skull of a juvenile mammoth.
"It's an absolute dream come true for me," said Leger, who spent the previous decade at a South Dakota mammoth site with no discoveries even close to the size of the one in Los Angeles. "It's the one fossil you always want to find in your career."
California's stringent environmental laws require scientists to be on hand at certain construction sites.
Paleontologists have staffed all L.A. subway digs beginning in the 1990s, when work started on the city's inaugural line, said Dave Sotero, spokesman for the Los Angeles County Metropolitan Transportation Authority.
Paying for the paleontologist staff from Cogstone Resource Management is factored into the project's cost, he said. When scientists are brought in to see what crews might have unearthed, work on the project continues, albeit in a different location.
"Our crews try to be as mindful as possible to help them do their jobs. We get out of their way," Sotero said, adding that when the mammoth skull was uncovered, construction workers helped deliver it to the mouth of the site.
From there, the skull was hauled a mile or so to Los Angeles' La Brea Tar Pits and Museum, home to one of America's most fossil-rich sites.
Assistant curator Dr. Emily Lindsey called it a "pretty remarkable find," noting that while thousands of dire wolf and saber-toothed cat remains have been uncovered in L.A., there have been only about 30 mammoths.
A few hundred pounds and the size of an easy chair, the skull is especially rare because both tusks were attached. It's being studied and is available for public viewing inside the museum's glass-walled Fossil Lab.
With a nod to Hollywood, the 8- to 12-year-old Colombian mammoth was named Hayden, for the actress Hayden Panettiere, featured in the TV series "Nashville" and "Heroes."
The Cogstone monitor at the construction site had been watching her on television before spotting the speck of bone that turned out to be the intact skull.
Similar endeavors have turned up subterranean treasures during digs in other cities.
Workers at a San Diego construction site found fossils including parts of a mammoth and a gray whale and multiple layers of ancient seashells.
Last year, crews working on a development near Boston's seaport uncovered a 50-foot (15-meter) wooden boat possibly dating as far back as the late 18th century.
Lindsey praised California's efforts to ensure science and urban development overlap, while bemoaning what bygone treasures may have been lost before the regulations went into place in the early 1970s.
"Most of the past is below the ground, so you're only going to find it when you dig," she said. "As the city grows, I'm sure we'll find more exciting fossil material."
___
Follow Christopher Weber at https://twitter.com/WeberCM .
Fernando Alonso is refusing to weigh into the political turmoil in Spain.
In his native country, an argument is raging between the region of Catalonia - which is seeking independence - and the Spanish government.
"Everyone has his own opinion," Alonso said at Suzuka, "but I prefer not to get involved. That is my position."
According to the Spanish sports daily Diario Sport, Alonso had a similar response when asked about the progress of his 2018 McLaren-Renault contract.
"There's nothing new to say for now," he said.
The global homeopathy product market has been experiencing a heavy presence of small and medium enterprises (SMEs), as noted by Transparency Market Research (TMR) in its latest report. This could be evident from a just over 27.0% share jointly accumulated by five leading players in 2015. In the same year, a 17.3% share was secured by Boiron Group, which is considered to be significant enough to influence the direction of the market. The company has been able to hold a commanding position in the industry due to its telling presence in key regions such as the Middle East and Africa (MEA), Asia Pacific, North America, and Europe.
Request for the Sample Report @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=S&rep_id=16460
Domain experts at TMR prognosticate the global homeopathy product market to make drastic progress during the forecast tenure 2016-2024 at an 18.2% CAGR. As the final forecast year sees completion, the market could post a revenue collection of US$17.4 bn progressing from a US$3.8 bn collected in 2015. Dilutions are foreseen to be a lucrative product to focus on since they could bag a king's share of the market while expanding at a CAGR of 17.8%. Although the MEA could rank higher on the basis of CAGR, Europe is anticipated to outclass every other region with its dominating share of a 36.4% by 2024.
Homeopathy product manufacturers could cash in on the increasing concerns of allopathic medicines on the part of their high usage. The prolonged usage of allopathic medicines could have serious side effects, about which consumers and non-consumers are becoming increasingly aware. Seasoned analysts expect this to be a crucial factor escalating the demand in the world homeopathy product market since consumers are desperately looking for alternative treatments.
Request for Discount @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=D&rep_id=16460
A TMR analyst has stated that the market is predicted to be on the brink of being a mainstay in most important regions. An independent survey conducted in the recent past had revealed a lush amount of spending on homeopathy products in North America alone. Manufacturers of homeopathy products are envisioned to keep a close eye on the rise of various diseases around the globe, which has been swelling the requirement of different drugs and medicines.
Suppliers of homeopathy products are envisaged to suffer when operating in the global market because of a substantial shortfall in quality control. It could be challenging to implement quality assurance standards with a consolidated effort because a considerable part of the total market revenue is collected by SMEs dispersed across key regions. Manufacturers are prophesied to face the brunt of reduced demand and negative customer experience on account of the lack of adherence to sound manufacturing practices, thus compromising product quality to a significant degree.
Request for Report TOC @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/report-toc/16460
However, players have been taking to the adoption of powerful business strategies such as geographical expansion into the MEA and Asia Pacific and strong promotional and marketing activities to cement their position in the international homeopathy product market. Moreover, there has been an intelligent usage of the extremely influential ecommerce marketplace, which could be an evidence of competent opportunities prevailing in the industry.
About Us
Transparency Market Research is a global market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. Our experienced team of Analysts, Researchers, and Consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information.
Our data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts, so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With a broad research and analysis capability, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques in developing distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact Us
Transparency Market Research,
90 Sate Street, Suite 700,
Albany, NY 12207
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/
TORONTO — Canada's main stock index closed higher Wednesday helped by broad-based gains in the health-care, energy, and gold sectors.
The S&P/TSX composite index closed up 41.56 points at 16,304.72 on a day that saw lighter than usual trading.
In New York, Wall Street markets were closed for the U.S. July 4 holiday.
The Canadian dollar averaged 76.09 cents US, up 0.07 of a US cent.
RAMALLAH, West Bank (AP) — A senior Palestinian official has lashed out at President Donald Trump, saying "real estate men" can't resolve the Middle East conflict.
Tuesday's remarks by Saeb Erekat, a veteran peace negotiator, came as the White House is expected to unveil a long-awaited peace plan.
Erekat says the White House "should be run by great men, not real estate men," and that the Israeli-Palestinian conflict "won't be solved by the tools of real estate men."
Erekat also said the Palestinian Authority will continue its payments to the families of jailed or slain Palestinian militants, after Israel passed a law this week withholding millions in taxes it collects for the Palestinians which are allocated for that purpose.
Advertisement
The Israeli move deepened a budget crunch for the Palestinians, already hit by U.S. aid cuts.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Videogame and geek-culture store Grainger Games has gone into administration and has closed all of its 67 stores.
The company, which ran Intu Derby's Trade Nation store, suffered financial difficulties and told all of its branches to cease operating.
This is why Trade Nation in Derby closed its doors and posted a note outside that said: “This store is now closed. For further information regarding outstanding credit/pre-orders please visit the website. Thank you for all of your assistance.”
A spokesperson for audit, tax and consultancy firm RSM Restructuring Advisory LLP was able to confirm that it was currently handling the administration of Grainger Games.
It is understood that nearly 400 people who were employed by the company have been made redundant, receiving payments for all working hours to the end of March.
(Image: Derby Telegraph)
A spokesperson from Intu Derby said: “We're sorry to hear that Trade Nation went into administration and we'd like to wish everyone affected all the very best.
“Our customers can be assured that we will continue to work closely with existing and new retailers to deliver a great mix of stores, products and services.”
Grainger Games ceased trading on March 28, 2018.
The firm was making a loss of £1.3m and employed 390 people, according to the company's latest financial report from March 2017.
We've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you're interested in.
To download the IOS app click here .
To download the Android app click here .
HVAC Diffusers Market: Introduction
Diffusers are employed in all HVAC (heating, ventilation, and air conditioning) systems to control the air/water velocity and increase static pressure, thereby uniformly distributing the air in the desired direction. HVAC Diffusers fit into a huge array of end use sectors, such as commercial, residential, hospitals, pharmaceutical, food and packaging, automotive, aerospace and marine and many others and thus, the HVAC diffusers market is all set to witness positive growth. Based on installation, HVAC Diffusers are of three types: wall mounted, floor mounted and ceiling mounted. Further, the HVAC Diffusers market can be classified according to the product type into porous tube or porous plate type.
HVAC Diffusers Market: Drivers and Challenges
Industrialization in emerging markets and rapid urbanization are two of the primary drivers for the global HVAC diffuser market. Increasing urbanization has led to huge changes in lifestyle, resulting in increased demand for smart buildings with efficient HVAC systems. These smart buildings provide comfortable living and reduced consumption of energy. That apart, governments across the world are inclined towards smart buildings and hence, they are investing exponentially in the construction industry. This demographic change is expected to augment the HVAC diffuser market's growth during the forecast period. Further, rising pollution has triggered a number of health issues and thus, increasing demand for air purifiers which can provide fresh air is being noticed. This particular factors will also add to the growth of the HVAC Diffusers and HVAC systems.
Furthermore, changing climatic conditions in certain regions due to global warming are also driving the demand for effective heating, ventilating and air conditioning systems, which in turn, will fuel the growth of the HVAC diffuser market. Further, technological advancements, such as smart phone controlled HVAC systems (IoT integrated), are stipulated to further drive the HVAC diffusers market over the forecast period.
In all, HVAC Diffusers market (heating, ventilation, and air conditioning) is expected to grow exponentially during the forecast period.
On the flip side, HVAC systems use some harmful gases, such as chlorofluorocarbons (CFCs), which results in ozone layer depletion. Thus, stringent government regulations are being applied to the installation of HVAC systems, especially Industrial HVAC systems. Also, though HVAC systems are economical for the residential sector, this is not case for industrial and commercial sectors. In addition to this, commercial and industrial HVAC systems need frequent maintenance. Hence, these factors could hinder the growth of the HVAC diffuser market during the forecast period.
Request for Report Sample: https://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/23431
Global HVAC Diffusers: Market Segmentation
On the basis of mounting type, the global HVAC Diffusers market has been segmented as:
• Celling Mounted
• Wall Mounted
• Floor Mounted
On the basis of product type, the global HVAC Diffusers market has been segmented as:
• Porous tube type
• Porous plate type
On the basis of End Use, the global HVAC Diffusers market has been segmented as:
• Residential
• Commercial
• Automotive
• Oil & Gas
• Aerospace & Marine
• Hospitals & Pharmaceuticals
• Food & Beverage
• Power
• Others
HVAC Diffusers Market: Regional Overview
Geographically, the HVAC Diffusers market is segmented into North America, Latin America, Europe, China, Japan, Middle East and Africa and South East Asia. The global HVAC diffuser market is expected to grow with healthy annual growth rate during the forecast period. Among all the regions, North America is expected to dominate the HVAC diffuser market owing to increasing demand from various industrial and manufacturing sectors as well as growing consumer preference for better living. Asia Pacific region is expected to follow North America and accounts for a significant market share in the HVAC diffusers market owing to growing industrialization and commercialization. Middle East Africa and Latin America are expected to witness average growth in the HVAC diffusers market owing to the enhancing economic conditions. Overall, the HVAC diffuser market is anticipated to witness a profitable future.
Request for Report TOC: https://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/23431
Global HVAC Diffusers Market: Key Players
Examples of some of the key players operating in the global HVAC Diffusers market:
• TROX GmbH
• Systemair AB
• ROCCHEGGIANI SPA
• Rentschler REVEN GmbH, Sersheim
• Luwa Air Engineering AG
• LTG AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT
• Aldes Group
• Alfa Mega Inc.
• Ruskin Titus India Pvt. Limited
• VENTECH
Video of what God is doing. Visit the YouTube channel: Todd White for more
_______________________
facebook comments:
As the gig economy gathers pace, more people are realising the benefits of a portfolio career. Workers can enjoy varied challenges and greater flexibility by taking on gigs - freelancing or contracting in different roles for a number of organisations.
Sharon Davies, managing director of Temp Market, says companies and individuals are opting for temporary assignments, which offer mutual advantages to employer and employee.
In a process known as Uberisation, Davies says the technology making the popular ride-sharing app Uber a success is being applied to meet talent requirements.
"Uberisation means using technology to access the required resources when and how they are required, which delivers flexibility, convenience and cost advantages."
Advertisement
A recent PwC report notes that two out of five people believe traditional employment will not be around in the future. Instead, people will have their own brands and sell their skills to those who need them. Worldwide, nearly a third of HR professionals are building their talent strategies around the rise of the portfolio career, hiring a diverse mix of people on an affordable, ad hoc basis.
Davies says the advantages of freelancing over a regular job are that people can charge more per hour worked, choose how many hours they would like to put in each week, and choose where they would like to do their job.
"In the gig economy, an increasingly large range of professionals are taking on one short assignment at a time - enabled and empowered by technology, completing it and moving to the next one. It's advantageous to the individual and it's advantageous to those organisations occasionally needing a designer, writer, project manager or any one of a wide range of professions and trades. They can access the skills they need, paying only for the hours worked rather than employing full-time equivalents with the associated HR, tax, leave and entitlements administration."
The emergence of Uber-esque HR platforms like Temp Market means an organisation can rate and select candidates based on ratings, says Davies. "Where temps might once have been viewed with mild suspicion the ability to rate them on their performance drives up the feasibility of accessing a part-time workforce.
Auckland freelancer Elisabeth Easther makes her living from a portfolio career. She works variously as a playwright, journalist, actress and documentary-maker, and can work in all of these occupations in a single day.
\"Today I worked on a one-woman show about the ornithologist Perrine Moncrieff and I've been writing the script for the upcoming documentary series, Islands of the Gulf. I've been learning the lines for an audition for a local TV series and I did a voiceover for Sky TV, which paid the bills for the day. I finished a weekly column I write for the Herald, and I've also sent three ideas for novels off to Penguin Random House. I think of writing like fishing. I bait a lot of hooks and every now and then I catch a fish."
Easther says that in her line of work, the financial rewards don't equate to the amount of effort put in, "but a proper job wouldn't be for me," she says.
"I like the freedom self-employment affords me and, being a mother, I don't want to compromise the time I spend with my son. Being in an office 9 to 5 would hinder the parenting and that's not an option, even though the income would be more reliable. The financial rewards of my career are negligible, but the emotional ones are incomparable."
Easther says she doesn't really have a brand that helps her secure new work, although sometimes people do come to her for words.
"Mostly I feel like I'm hustling, and every time I start a new job, project or story, it feels like starting from scratch - but that's okay. I've been doing this portfolio career thing for over 25 years, so I expect I'll just keep doing it."
One of the challenges of a portfolio career is never knowing what's around the corner, "which can be a good thing but is also a scary thing", says Easther.
"And figuring out my tax is a nightmare with so many bits and pieces. But it's all about having the imagination and resilience to not give up. I get bruised and battered by this life sometimes but, despite the inevitable and regular rejections, I always manage to dust myself off and keep on at it. And as much as it's stressful having lots of irons in the fire, life is never boring and I am the master of my own destiny, so I relish the variety. It isn't easy or relaxing, but when it's good, it's brilliant."
Raewyn Court
Zaheer Khan
Sagarika Ghatge and Zaheer Khan are enjoying their honeymoon in the Maldives and the couple have been posting tons of pictures on their social media handle showcasing the sun, sand and the beach.
The images look breathtaking and Maldives and the waters are so clear, Maldives is truly an ideal place for a honeymoon and Zaheer and Sagarika are doing just that! Check out the pictures below...
Japanese men's national soccer coach Akira Nishino walks to attend a press conference to announce Japanese squad members for the World Cup Russia in Tokyo, Japan, Thursday, May 31, 2018. Eugene Hoshiko AP Photo
Dear Nick and Nora:
To Nora's consternation, Nick removed a black Sharpie from his jacket pocket and drew a large “T” on the white tablecloth. On the left side he wrote his name and on the right he wrote Nora's.
“We have only three things left to resolve. You say that you're ready, and I'm about to show you that I am, too.”
“Nick, do you know that's a permanent marker you're using?”
“Yes.”
“They'll never let you eat here again.”
“Let's treat that as my problem. Our problems are:
“» In spite of the law against being reimbursed for the $200,000 you inherited and then squandered by paying credit cards and various family expenses, you can't trace it to a specific asset. In contrast, I used the same amount for the down payment on our house, which I get back even though we've always held the title jointly. You claim that we both acted in essentially the same way, but the law is treating us differently. You have been telling anyone who will listen that it's unjust. You'll be surprised to learn that I have also been listening.
“» The second issue is airline miles I accumulated in my travels for our businesses. I hate to travel. I wanted you to do some of it and you refused, so I got stuck. Giving me the extra miles fixes the injustice.”
Nora interrupts, “Just tell me how many miles you have.”
“A lot.”
“Nick, since you won't tell me what you have — what we have — I don't know what they are worth or what I could do with my half.”
“I just checked it out. Figure $1,600 for a round trip to Paris in steerage. Business class goes for something between $4,800 and $6,200 — three or four times as much as economy. An upgrade requires about 70,000 airline miles. When miles are used for an upgrade it doesn't feel profligate, because you get the miles whether you want them or not and they're not good for anything else. And, I earned them because I did all the traveling you refused to do.”
Nora interjects, “Both lawyers say you don't have a leg to stand on.”
“I know that. Our third issue is the disposition of our sequin business and the building that houses it. I have a comprehensive proposal.”
Nora says, “Go for it.”
“I'm going to. I'll start by adding a $200,000 distribution to you off the top of the community property division. That means we are both being reimbursed for the money inherited during marriage. I think the way the law works for me and against you is unjust, so I'm doing what I feel is right, but I still want you to give me some credit for it.”
Nora's not going to show her cards and says, “What's next?”
“I still want all the airline miles, but I propose this compromise: You give me a list of all the trips you would like to take for the rest of your life, and I'll transfer enough miles to upgrade every one of them.”
“What if there aren't enough miles?”
“I'll take that risk.”
“Is there any limit to the number of trips?”
“No. I want a list because I want the miles used, and if you really consider where you want to go, I think there is better chance that you'll actually use them.”
Nora asks, “What about the sequin business?”
“Watch this. I'll write ‘$200,000 reimburse' in your column under the T. Then I'll write ‘unlimited upgrades' to your side and ‘airline miles' on my side; I'll draw an arrow from my miles to your upgrades. Then, on your side, I will agree that you can have the sequin business and the building that goes with it, for nothing.”
Nora summarizes, “So I get the $200,000 reimbursement, all the upgrades I want limited only by what I put on a list of ‘future travel,' and the sequin business and building at no cost?”
“I think I've made a willing and generous capitulation.”
“Nick, how dumb do you think I am? We bought the sequin business because we thought we could create a model working environment, and it hasn't worked out that way. So here's my idea: You get the sequin business and the building.” Nora takes the Sharpie from Nick and draws an arrow from ‘sequins' on her side of the T to Nick's side.
Nick responds, “I don't have time to worry about the sequin business. I'll tell you what. You keep the sequin business and you can have an extra $50,000 off the top.” He writes $50,000 and directs an arrow from his side of the T back to Nora's side.
“Nick, you're driving a hard bargain. I'll give you $100,000 plus the business.”
They both say, almost at the same time, “This is ridiculous!”
Nora observes, “Obviously, neither of us wants the sequin business, and we each realize that it's probably a liability rather than the asset. This is a place where ‘divide by two' doesn't work and the lawyers could help us by figuring out what can be done with the turkey instead of fantasizing that one of them is going to be able to slip it to one of us. That's not going to happen unless it's slipped to you.”
“Should we tell them to figure it out?”
“What do you think would happen?”
“We would pay a lot of fees and they would tell us that ‘this is the best we could do,' and the situation would be the same as it is now.”
“Nick? Do you remember the lawyer who helped us when you bought that building in San Francisco that turned out to be something of a toxic disposal site?”
“Yes, Rob Hamilton. Your lawyer has made quite a point on the toxic site. He wants to charge my half of the estate for buying it.”
“He was craftier than that, Nick. He figured that the present value of the sequin business was negative and getting worse every day. He was going to bang the drum for reimbursement of my half of the original cost, but when we got down to the final tape, he'd generously agree to waive the reimbursement and to give you the business and the property at no cost.”
“What a loser. I hope you aren't going to pay him for that strategy. Who would fall for that?”
“Nick! It's exactly what you tried to do to me. Five minutes ago.”
“What does Rob Hamilton have to do with this?”
“He seemed like a good guy, and he sure pulled your bacon out of the fire on the toxic waste deal. Maybe we could retain him to handle the sequin business for us.”
Nicks starts a new list on a fresh area of the tablecloth. “We agree that neither of us wants either the business or the building.”
“Yes.”
Nick continues to make notations on the tablecloth: “‘If it can be sold for a profit or given away for nothing, we accept. We recognize that we may have to sweeten the pot. We don't know how much it's going to take, but there is some amount at which someone will want to buy it. We realize that he may have to employ other professionals, and we are both on the hook for half the expense. We are also on the hook for half his fees, which we realize could be substantial.' That's it. Do you want to call him this afternoon?”
Nora wonders, “We can call, but will our lawyers let us do this?”
“Nora, it pains me to say it, but, over two years ago, Bucky told us that this is the way we'd end our case. If our lawyers try to mess this up, the interesting thing will be to see how they do it.”
Your friend,
Bucky
— Brian H. Burke is a certified family law specialist practicing family law and mediation in Santa Barbara. A researcher and educator in the field of divorce and family conflicts, he is also the creator of the Legal Road Map™. Click here for more information, call 805.965.2888 or e-mail .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Click here to read previous columns. The opinions expressed are his own.
Last year's finalists have both avoided top-flight opposition in the draw for the second round of the FAI Cup with holders Cork City handed a home game against Athlone Town while Dundalk will take on Crumlin United, the non-league side they beat 5-0 at Oriel Park in the third round last season.
There are two all Premier Division ties with Finn Harps facing a trip to Limerick while St Patrick's Athletic host Galway United.
The game between Shelbourne and Shamrock Rovers will also attract considerable attention with the Dublin rivals having won the competition 21 times between them with the Tolka Park side's success in 2000 the most recent of their seven wins.
Of the non-league sides, Bluebell United look to have the best chance of making to the quarter-finals after drawing Cabinteely at home. Cobh must head to United Park while Bangor Celtic host Longford Town.
Draw: Shelbourne v Shamrock Rovers, Bangor Celtic v Longford Town, St Patrick's Athletic v Galway United, Cork City v Athlone Town, Limerick v Finn Harps, Bluebell United v Cabinteely, Drogheda United v Cobh Wanderers, Crumlin United v Dundalk.
Games to be played over the weekend of Sunday, August 27th. Dates and times to be confirmed.
Set halfway between Strand Road and Park Avenue, 41 St John's Road is about a 500m stroll from Sandymount's busy seafront.
The bay-fronted redbrick is set well back from the road with a lawned front, covered porch and a front door with gorgeous leaded glass panels where the sun shines through.
The property has two fine interconnecting reception rooms, a livingroom to the front with a broad bay window and a diningroom to the rear. Both rooms have matching painted timber mantles typical of the Edwardian era of the house.
The kitchen is situated to the rear with units on two sides and room for a two-top table. From here, a door leads through to a space described as a breakfastroom where there is a side door with access to the front and double doors out to the garden. Much more could be made of this space and the next owner is likely to try and build out to better integrate it with the kitchen. There is a smart shower room with a large shower stall to the rear.
The garden is a private and restful green space, with a shed to the rear and a second covered seating area adjoining. Subject to planning, this would make a great location for a home office because of its southerly aspect. Although north-facing, the garden gets plenty of westerly evening sun thanks to the low dividing walls between its neighbouring properties.
The house has three good-sized bedrooms, two doubles and a single as well as another room on the return with built-in wardrobes but it comes in just under the square meterage required by building regulations to call it a bedroom. It would work well as a nursery or a home office.
The landing is washed in light from overhead roof lights and the property, measuring 131sq m (1,410sq ft), is seeking €1.05 million through agent Sherry FitzGerald.
Follow @insidefutbol
Arsenal target Ever Banega does not want to quit Sevilla this summer.
New Gunners head coach Unai Emery has been showing interest in taking the midfielder to the Emirates Stadium, but Sevilla have been calm despite the Premier League side's interest.
And Sevilla's faith has not been misplaced as, according to Spanish daily Marca, Banega has no intention of leaving this summer.
The Argentine and his family are settled in Seville and a move is off the agenda.
It is claimed that Banega, who has a further two years left to run on his contract at Sevilla, has not even ruled out extending his deal for a further year, which would take him up to the age of 33.
Banega made a total of 50 appearances across all competitions for Sevilla last term, chipping in with five goals and six assists.
The Argentine schemer has made close to 144 appearances for the club over the course of two spells.
He returned to Sevilla last summer after a spell at Inter in which his family failed to settle in Italy.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Lorry drivers have been pictured on Britain's motorways eating and reading at the wheel, with one even appearing to use his elbows to steer.
Police and motoring experts have warned that attitudes need to change to reflect the fact that such distractions, even for a few seconds, can have fatal consequences.
The drivers, travelling on roads in England in recent days, have been snapped looking at paperwork and talking on a mobile phone, in pictures taken by the Press Association.
The AA said the ramifications of such behaviour can be "dire", while road safety charity Brake described the images as "shocking".
Four drivers are pictured on the M20 near Ashford in Kent, two reading, one holding a piece of cutlery and a food container, while another has arms crossed and elbows on the steering wheel.
Another driver of a lorry on the M4 near Swindon looks at a piece of paper, while another uses a mobile phone near junction 46 of the M1 in Yorkshire.
Brake's Jason Wakeford said: "These are shocking images showing drivers with a total disregard for the safety of other road users."
He also condemned cuts to road traffic officers as "savage" and called for traffic policing to be made "a national priority".
The AA's Edmund King, who recalled once seeing a motorist eating a Chinese takeaway using chopsticks, suggested there is a worrying perception that people, especially those in high-up lorry cabs, will not be caught.
He said: "I think the problem with some lorry drivers is they get particularly bored on motorways - they are on long, straight roads, they are driving for hours.
"I think some feel that because they are high up in the cab it is harder to spot them and I think that encourages some of them to do things they really shouldn't."
Police forces around the country have been using unmarked vehicles, including lorries, to catch out drivers engaging in distracting activities behind the wheel.
Pc Dan Pascoe of Surrey Police, who said they came across one driver they believe was using Snapchat, described the use of an unmarked lorry as "invaluable", with the force catching 26 people in one day earlier this month.
He said: "If we can promote the fact that we're out in all different types of vehicles, whether it's an unmarked lorry, an unmarked van, an unmarked car, an unmarked motorbike, we'll use everything that we can be as different tactics to deal with people."
Mr King said: "Driving a 44-tonne lorry, whether it's on a motorway or any other road, the consequences of looking down and being distracted for a second or two seconds are absolutely dire."
Lorry driver Tomasz Kroker was jailed for 10 years last year after killing a woman and three children by ploughing into their stationary car on the A34 near Newbury, Berkshire, while distracted by his phone.
A spokesman for Kent Police said the force runs many road safety operations every year but called on motorists "to play their part too", while a West Yorkshire Police spokesman said the risks associated with drivers using phones are "very clear" and put "you and other road users at risk".
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Penalties and fines for drivers caught using a phone illegally were doubled to six points and £200 respectively in March.
A Department for Transport spokeswoman said: "Anyone who is distracted can be prosecuted for careless or dangerous driving."
Very small aperture terminal (VSAT) is a communication system that is operated through the satellite. It serves businesses and domestic users. The end-user of a VSAT requires a box that interfaces an outside antenna with the user's computer with the help of a transceiver. The transceiver sends the received signal to a satellite transponder in the sky. The satellite receives and sends the signal that comes from the earth's station's computer which acts as a core for the system. Each end-user is connected with the core station with the help of a satellite connected in the form of a star topology. For the end-users to connect with each other, each transmitted first goes to the hub station, which is then re-transmitted to the receiving end-user's VSAT via the satellite. VSAT handles video, voice and data signals. With the help of VSAT, companies can have complete control of their communication systems, without depending on other IT companies. Domestic users and businesses also can get higher speed than regular telephone services.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/enterprise-vsat-market.html
The global enterprise VSAT market has been segmented on the basis of categories, hardware & services, and geographies. On the basis of categories, the market has been segregated into products and services. The services segment accounted for a dominant market share in 2015. This is attributed to clinics and hospitals enabled with satellite broadband services, which help them maintain direct two-way data exchange and communication. In addition, satellite broadband services also help security agencies and intelligence services improve their data analysis systemsthat help them in deciphering the information more accurately.Government agencies as well as maritime and military sectors are major end-users of VSAT as a service. Therehas been continued demand from this segment, which is driving the market. On the basis of hardware & services, the global market for enterprise VSAT has been divided into ARUP VSAT terminals and ASP VSAT terminals.
A major driverfor the growth of the global market for enterprise VSAT is the provision of practical, cost-effective solutions for individual end-users, who require a self-regulating communications network through which a number of remote sites are connected. In addition, the VSAT network offers satellite-based, value-added services such as voice/fax communication, LAN services, data transmission, and internet access along with public and private network communications. Emerging technologies such as high throughput satellite (HTS) technology is a major restraint to the growth of the global enterprise VSAT market. Service providers are likely to integrate their current operations with these emerging technologies.
Geographically, the global market for enterprise VSAT has been segregated into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Middle East & Africa, and Latin America.North America held the dominant share of the global market in 2015.The market in the region is projected to witness steady growth during the forecast period. This is attributed to high adoption of satellite services for various applications such as inspection of historical monuments, vegetation identification, volcano monitoring, and disaster management in case of stormsand hurricanes. The market in Asia Pacific is estimated to witness speedy growth during the forecast period, owing to increase in government initiatives to connect schools and colleges in countries such as India, China, and Australia.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=19814
Major players operating in the global enterprise VSAT market include Gilat Satellite Networks(Petah Tikva, Israel), Hughes Communications (Maryland, the U.S.), SageNet (Oklahoma, the U.S.), ViaSat Inc. (California, the U.S.), VT iDirect (Virginia, the U.S.), Comtech Telecommunications Corp. (New York, the U.S.), Bharti Airtel (New Delhi, India), Embratel (Rio de Janeiro, Brazil), ND SatCom GmbH (Baden-Württemberg, Germany), NewSat (Melbourne, Australia), Newtec (Sint-Niklaas,Belgium), Orion Satellite (Perth, Australia), Polarsat (Quebec, Canada), Primesys Solucoes Empresariais (São Paulo, Brazil), Signalhorn (Stuttgart, Germany), SpeedCast (Wanchai, Hong Kong), SkyCasters (Ohio, the U.S.), Tatanet Services (Mumbai, India), Telefónica, S.A (Madrid, Spain), and Telesat Holdings (Ontario, Canada).
The report offers a comprehensive evaluation of the market. It does so via in-depth qualitative insights, historical data, and verifiable projections about market size. The projections featured in the report have been derived using proven research methodologies and assumptions. By doing so, the research report serves as a repository of analysis and information for every facet of the market, including but not limited to: Regional markets, technology, types, and applications.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Birmingham City took a giant step to Championship safety with a come-from-behind victory over Sheffield United on Saturday.
Jacques Maghoma's second half goal gave Blues a 2-1 win and lifted them three points clear of Bolton and five ahead of Barnsley. They are also level on points with 19th placed Reading.
If the Tykes win their game in hand - at Nottingham Forest on Tuesday night - that will lift them out of the relegation zone and put Bolton back there.
Even Burton, who looked dead and buried, remain alive after wins over Derby and Sunderland.
Blues might feel a little safer but there is still everything to play for in the final two weeks.
This is what the relegation rivals are saying.
Reading
Paul Clement was profoundly unhappy with the 3-0 defeat to Sheffield Wednesday last Saturday. He told the club website.
“I've spoken to the players. The second half performance was not at the level we expected, nowhere near good enough.
“We've got to buck our ideas up. Because if we play like we did in the second half today, we're going to be in trouble.
“We have to stop relying on results elsewhere, we have to get our own game in order.
“Games are running out and we have to get a win. Because if you're relying on other results you're playing a really dangerous game.
“Ipswich is a massive game next weekend and the players have to turn it around in front of our home fans next weekend.
“We've been doing well at home since I've been here, we've won two and drawn one and next Saturday at home will be vital.
“We need to leave the disappointing performance here. We've had words in the dressing room already about the manner of the defeat and now everything is about focusing on Ipswich next week.”
Fixtures
Ipswich (h)
Cardiff City (a)
Relegation odds 33/1
Birmingham City
Garry Monk was delighted with the way his side came from 1-0 down to beat Sheffield United.
“A huge win, a huge step forward in what we are trying to but definitely not job done.
“We enjoy tonight, all the fans can enjoy tonight, but we have got to get ready for next week because we have got an important game coming.
“I have said many times, you either fear it or meet it head on. We are trying to meet it head on.
“That's the mentality we are trying to put on to the players. Today you saw that. There was no fear there today.
“Even a goal against we could have felt sorry for ourselves. There are a lot of times when we maybe could have crumbled but the mentality is getting stronger. The players are taking that on.
“We have shown great resilience there today, getting themselves back in against a very good side.
“Any time in the Championship it's very hard to come from behind.
"Add in our situation where we are fighting for our lives in a relegation battle - to then show that character and that guts from deep within and come back and beat a very good side who are having an excellent season, they have done very well, they have turned over a lot of teams, to show that in all those circumstances just shows the character in this team.
“The atmosphere, our fans, the support, the response of the players, we were blown away by it. That's a proper football club.”
Fixtures
QPR (a)
Fulham (h)
Relegation odds 14/1
Bolton
Speaking after the 4-0 hammering by champions Wolves, Phil Parkinson laid the challenge clear in the Bolton News .
“We have two games to save our season and we've got to try and win both of them. Hopefully that is enough.
“I still think we have got a good chance. Yes, when you are on a run like we have been on, and then get beat like that at home, people can get down. It's human nature.
“But from Monday morning onwards the preparation has got to be right, we have got to be professional and all eyes have got to be on that game against Burton Albion.
“I firmly believe we are capable of going down there and getting the points.
“They will be up after getting the result against Sunderland, I know that, but we have got enough to go and get a result and finish the season in style against Nottingham Forest.
“People will be writing us off. We have had that this season, last season, and we have responded. We have to do everything we can.
“Everyone has to be strong, staff, players, fans – because regardless of what goes on we need that result.”
Fixtures
Burton (a)
Nottingham Forest (h)
Relegation odds 5/4
Barnsley
Manager Jose Morais previews the trip to the City Ground in the Yorkshire Post .
“It is definitely a ‘must-win', it is now or never, like the song. The players must show their capabilities against Forest.
“I have the belief in myself and my ideas.
“Everything I do, I do to succeed. That has been my life. I am giving it my very best.
“It is between us and the teams that are close to us, Bolton being the closest one.
“My belief is we have to win our next game. That is the game we have that is less than the others.
“Win that and we are in a good position because we are in control in terms of making the same results as the other teams.
“We have to go for the win. It is a must-win game. I am not thinking about not winning. I just want to win.”
Fixtures
Nottingham Forest (a)
Brentford (h)
Derby (a)
Relegation odds 4/9
PODCAST
You can subscribe to our podcast
Acast: https://www.acast.com/bluenoise
Burton Albion
Nigel Clough put the Brewers' 2-1 win at Sunderland in context.
“It still gives us that glimmer of hope we take into the last two games.
“It was looking like it might be a similar story to a lot of away performances this season where we have played well but not converted our superiority into a goal. Stephen Bywater has only had two shots at him all game.
“We still know we are outsiders, underdogs to stay up and we have as big a game as it gets next week against Bolton.
"We have to win next week and then we can take it to the last week - which has always been our aim and then anything can happen."
Fixtures
Bolton (h)
Preston North End (a)
Relegation odds 1/10
A former highways agency chief who served under president Barack Obama says it is inevitable that driverless cars will kill people as they appear on the road.
Mark Rosekind, the former United States highway traffic safety administrator, warned "there will be some lives lost" as tech companies and car manufacturers experiment with autonomous vehicles, but he insisted they will eventually lead to much safer streets, according to the Daily Telegraph.
Discussing the future of transport on BBC Radio 4, he said: "Unfortunately, there will be crashes. People are going to get hurt and there will be some lives lost."
Despite this, he said, both businesses and regulators "should really be focused on the potential for zero deaths on our roadways".
Advertisement
The technology industry is locked in a debate surrounding the ethics of releasing autonomous systems "into the wild", after investments from Google, Uber, Tesla and carmakers significantly accelerated their development.
Rosekind's comments mark a rare admission from an official acknowledging the trade-off for loss of life now in order to achieve safer roads tomorrow.
Rosekind now serves as head of safety innovation at driverless car start-up Zoox.
His comments follow Tesla billionaire Elon Musk's criticism of journalists who have been reporting on a series of Tesla Autopilot crashes.
Tesla stock has slumped after a series of negative headlines surrounding fatal crashes involving Autopilot functions and delays to its new Model 3 electric car, prompting Musk to hit out at the "holier-than-thou hypocrisy of big media companies who lay claim to the truth, but publish only enough to sugarcoat the lie".
Musk, stoked by the media's preoccupation with his cars, even promised a new business venture: a website that allows users to rank news organisations' credibility.
Concerns over Tesla's Autopilot system, which takes some control over cars driving on motorways, were raised in March when a Model X was involved in a fatal crash in California.
Earlier that month, Elaine Herzberg, 49, was killed crossing the road by one of Uber's driverless cars.
The ride-sharing app said it would pause the trials that it was undertaking in five US states.
Musk has repeatedly claimed that the chances of a road accident are less with Autopilot, so long as the driver keeps their hands on the steering wheel.
"It's important to emphasise we'll never be perfect," he recently told US broadcaster CBS.
"Nothing in the real world is perfect. But I do think that long term, it can reduce accidents by a factor of 10. So there are 10 fewer fatalities and tragedies and serious injuries. And that's a really huge difference."
He hit out at The Wall Street Journal after it published a report on the amount of Tesla recalls, pointing out that "there were dozens of recalls by other car companies last month, including with injuries and deaths, but you only wrote an article about Tesla".
The billionaire's outbursts have also seen him accusing analysts on earnings calls of asking "boring, bonehead questions".
MLB.com's CUT4 is holding a public vote to select the best smile in baseball, leaving many of us in the FOX4 newsroom saying, “Is there any doubt?! Come on! Salvy has the best smile!”
Salvy has been winning over the hearts of Royals fans for years with that big bright, toothy grin.
CUT4 chose their 17 favorite big league smiles and fans are voting on their favorites. Perez did make the list, but (as of Wednesday afternoon) he is sitting in 8th place.
Salvy's buddy and former teammate Lorenzo Cain also made the list.
Check it out! Vote here.
Hillary Clinton takes on Trump administration, rebukes Spicer during California speech
Hillary Clinton took on the Trump administration in one of her first public speeches since the election. Clinton faulted the administration for its abandoned health care policy and lack of female representation in top jobs. She also rebuked White House press secretary Sean Spicer for chiding a black female journalist for shaking her head during a daily news conference.
The Europe Sports Drink Market was worth USD 550 million in 2016 and estimated to be growing at a CAGR of 5.3%, to reach USD 650 million by 2021. Sports Drinks are beverages whose stated purpose is to help athletes replace water, electrolytes, and energy before or after training or competition.
Athletes actively training or fitness enthusiasts lose electrolytes by sweating and expending energy. A stated purpose of sports drinks, which provide many calories of energy from sugars is to improve performance and endurance.
View Full Report: http://marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/europe-sports-drink-market-3721/
The Europe Sports Drink Market is driven by the keen interest of the millennial generation in sports, inclination towards fitness, increasing disposable incomes and willingness to pay for health products. The increasing number of fitness centers and health clubs also contribute to the growth of the market. However, the growing inclination of the market towards organic and natural products due to lesser side effects acts as a constraint on the growth of the market
Request for Sample Brochure: http://marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/europe-sports-drink-market-3721/request-sample
The Europe Sports Drink Market is segmented on the basis of type, Ingredients type, packaging and by distribution channels. On the basis of type, the market is segmented into isotonic, hypertonic and hypotonic. On the basis of ingredient types, the market is categorized into Aqua/Water and Additives. The additives segment is further divided into sweeteners, polysaccharides and oligosaccharides, flavors, acidulates and others. On the basis of packaging, the market is segmented into bottle, can, and others. On the basis of distribution channels, the market is divided among modern grocery retailers, traditional grocery retailers, and non-grocery specialists.
Inquire Before Buying: http://marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/europe-sports-drink-market-3721/inquire
Market Segmentation
Type
Introduction
Isotonic
Hypertonic
Hypotonic
Y-o-Y Growth Analysis, By Type
Market Attractiveness Analysis, By Type
Market Share Analysis, By Type
Ingredients Type
Introduction
Aqua/Water
Additives
Sweeteners
Polysaccharides and Oligosaccharides
Flavours
Acidulants
Others
Y-o-Y Growth Analysis, By Ingredients Type
Market Attractiveness Analysis, By Ingredients Type
Market Share Analysis, By Ingredients Type
Packaging
Introduction
Bottle (Pet/Glass)
Can
Others
Y-o-Y Growth Analysis, By Packaging
Market Attractiveness Analysis, By Packaging
Market Share Analysis, By Packaging
Distribution Channels
Introduction
Modern Grocery Retailers
Discounters
Convenience Stores
Supermarkets/Hypermarkets
Traditional Grocery Retailers
Independent Grocery Retailers
Food Services/Sports Nutrition Chain
Others
Non-Grocery Specialists
Y-o-Y Growth Analysis, By Distribution Channels
Market Attractiveness Analysis, By Distribution Channels
Market Share Analysis, By Distribution Channels
The Europe Sports Drink Market has been geographically segmented into Germany, U.K, France, Spain, and Italy. As of 2016, Europe holds the second position in the global market share analysis. The rapid growth in new distribution channels is set to further boost the market growth in Europe.
The major players operating in the Europe sports drink industry include PepsiCo, Coca-Cola, 100Plus, Lucozade, Sportade and Pocari Sweat, 8.5 Living Essentials, Cloud 9, Extreme Drinks Co., Abbott Nutrition Co, AJE Group, Arctico Beverage Company, Brtivic PLC, Champion Nutrition, D'angelo, Fraser & Neave Holdings BHD, GlaxoSmithKline PLC.
About Us:
Market Data Forecast is a firm working in the area of market research and business intelligence. With rich experience in research across various business domains, we cater to the needs of both individual and corporate clients. Our analyst team comprises expert professionals in market research, who with their collective knowledge and sksillset dedicatedly serve clients from various industries and regions.
Contact:
Abhishek Shukla
Sales Manager (International Business Development)
Market Data Forecast
Direct Line: +1-888-702-9626
Mobile: +91 998 555 0206
Mail: abhishek@marketdataforecast.com
Visit MarketDataForecast Blog @ http://www.marketdataforecast.com/blog/
View the latest Press Releases of MDF @ http://www.marketdataforecast.com/press-releases
Francis Jansen, sculptor of the Monument to Forgiveness, which garnered international acclaim and stood adjacent to the Santa Barbara Mission from 1993-1995, is nearing completion of her newest sculptural achievement, Pillars of Providence.
Comprised of two eight-foot-tall limestone pillars, the elaborately detailed mythic figures embody the divine aspects of the masculine and feminine and their interconnection with the natural world, all sculpted between capstones imprinted with sacred geometry. The official unveiling will take place from 2 to 4 p.m. Oct. 9 on the grounds of La Casa de Maria, 800 El Bosque Road in Montecito.
Jansen will speak at the unveiling at 2:30 p.m., followed by special guest Barbara Marx Hubbard and other special guests. Jansen is the artist-in-residence at La Casa de Maria and has been working on the pillars for the past two years. She is thrilled their completion coincides with her 65th birthday, marking her transition into eldership.
“My mission in life,” she said, “is to remember our sacredness and reflect it back to us in the sculptures I bring forth.”
She attributes her creations to her deep, internal listening to what wants to be expressed in the stone.
“Francis' magnificent sculpture is a natural force for co-creation,” said Marx Hubbard, a longtime friend and founder of the Foundation for Conscious Evolution. “It lifts us into the life force as an energetic trajectory to the next stage of our evolution.”
In addition to Pillars of Providence, there are six other Jansen sculptures on the retreat property.
Click here for more information, or call 805.689.5053.
— Mo McFadden is a publicist representing Francis Jansen.
A motorist was caught going nearly twice the speed limit during a Hawke's Bay police operation this week.
Hawke's Bay police say they're hugely disappointed with the number of drivers caught speeding during the recent operation by the Traffic Alcohol Group on Waimarama Road in Havelock North.
On Tuesday between 6.20am and 8.20am 44 drivers were caught speeding in the 50 km/h area near the red bridge.
The temporary speed limit has been in place on the road for several months.
Advertisement
There is also a weight restriction on the bridge.
All 44 drivers were issued with infringement notices resulting in fines and demerit points.
Speeds of between 62km/h and 98km/h were recorded.
One driver received a $630 fine and 50 demerit points.
Traffic Alcohol Group Sergeant Steven Murray said a speeding motorist was detected nearly every two and a half minutes.
"These results are extremely disappointing, both in terms of the sheer number of drivers and the speeds they were travelling.
"They are putting themselves and other road users in harm's way, excess speed is one of the major contributors to serious injury and fatalities on our roads."
Police would continue to patrol the area as well as working to educate drivers about road safety.
"The message is quite simple, ensure you make better decisions on the road otherwise we will catch you and hold you accountable."
One of the most interesting parts of the Nintendo Switch has gone nearly unused by game developers, including Nintendo, for the first year of the system's existence. A mind-blowing demonstration yesterday, however, showed that the little sensor on the bottom of the right Joy-Con is more capable than we ever imagined.
Specifically, it can be harnessed to transmit simple video feeds to the Switch screen or even detect heat sources. The sensor's capabilities have been hiding in plain sight for a year, and are about to be used to power an impressive array of gaming experiences.
Nintendo first showed off the sensor at a pre-launch Switch event in January 2017. There, the system's producer, Yoshiaki Koizumi, pointed out that the right Joy-Con's “motion IR camera” could be used to detect the shape and distance of something held in front of it. He showed that the sensor could distinguish the shapes of a hand making gestures in the game Rock, Paper, Scissors.
The motion IR camera was used in the March launch game 1,2, Switch for an eating contest challenge. With the sensor pointed at the player's face, the system could track the opening and closing of a player's mouth.
Advertisement
The sensor wasn't used for many other 2017 games. It's understandable, given that it is positioned to point at the the floor or at a player's torso when they're holding the Joy-Con. A Resident Evil re-release seemed to use it to track a gesture for reloading a gun, but otherwise, it hasn't seemed to be good for much.
But the Joy-Con (R)‘s humble sensor is getting its day in the sun with the Nintendo Labo project, which combines the various parts of the Switch console with folded cardboard. Many of the Labo builds involve holstering the right Joy-Con so that it points inside a cardboard piano or backpack or other enclosed space, where it can then detect the movements of specially marked stickers, sending signals back to the Switch to, say, emit different piano sounds or register different motions in a robot punching game.
Advertisement
What's more extraordinary, and what Nintendo has barely hinted at up until now, is that the “motion IR camera” can indeed function as a camera. A Labo game that positions the Joy-Cons on the side of a skittering cardboard car is set up so that the sensor takes transmits a live, infrared feed of what it is pointed at to the Switch's screen.
GIF
Advertisement
In that same car mode, the IR sensor can be switched into a heat-sensing view, which it allows it to display which sources of heat it can see.
GIF
And when the car is set to auto-drive, that heat-sensing mode, combined with vibrations of the Joy-Con controllers, can be harnessed to make the car move toward any heat source. That could be your hand, or your dog, or your fireplace, so watch out next Christmas morning.
Advertisement
GIF
GIF
Suddenly, the mind boggles at what Nintendo can do with a camera that's been built into every Nintendo Switch, but it's clear that Nintendo has already been thinking of some fun stuff. After all, the initial trailer for Labo showed the right Joy-Con being used as the lens of a big cardboard camera. That may seem structurally redundant, and it's not like the IR motion camera is going to be shooting high-res shots, but there's still some pretty cool potential here:
Advertisement
It's enough to make you wonder what other secrets are buried in the Switch.
Synology® today announces the partnership with Supertron Electronics, one of the leading distributors specializing in Enterprise IT facilities in India. With this association, Supertron Electronics will deliver Synology solutions to businesses of any size in need of advanced storage and networking services.
“We're excited to take this step forward into the Indian market,” said Mike Chen, Sales Director of Synology Inc. “With the growth of mobile users and the maturing internet infrastructure, we believe this is the perfect timing to explore new opportunities with a new partner in India.”
“Synology solutions have been phenomenal in many regions of the world. We're pleased to be one of the missionaries of Synology products and help this company expand,” said Vibhor Agarwal, Marketing Director of Supertron Electronics Pvt. Ltd., “Supertron offerings are better and stronger now with Synology on our portfolio. Also, with years of channel experience, we're confident in delivering world-class services in line with the quality of Synology products.”
Supertron Electronics has started shipping Synology products and providing consultancy services in its 35 branch offices and 18 satellite branches in India.
About Synology:
Synology creates network attached storage, IP surveillance solutions, and network equipment that transform the way users manage data, conduct surveillance, and manage network in the cloud era. By taking full advantage of the latest technologies, Synology aims to help users centralize data storage and backup, share files on-the-go, implement professional surveillance solutions, and manage network in reliable and affordable ways. Synology is committed to delivering products with forward-thinking features and the best in class customer services.
For more information, kindly visit: https://www.synology.com/en-global/company
About Supertron Electronics:
Established in 1993, Supertron Electronics Pvt. Ltd. [SEPL] is one of the leading Indian companies in IT product distribution and services with an ISO 9001:2008 Quality Certification. The company that started with the aim to provide cost-effective products and solutions in all areas of IT with just INR 2 Lakh as capital, has today grown into a professionally managed supply-chain specialist with an INR 2800 Crores turnover.
Madison Keys of the US arrives for the women's singles match against Luksika Kumkhum of Thailand on the third day at the Wimbledon Tennis Championships in London, Wednesday July 4, 2018. Ben Curtis AP Photo
HUNTSVILLE, Ala. (AP) — The Latest on the Alabama Senate race (all times local):
10:19 a.m.
Former President Barack Obama and former Vice President Joe Biden have recorded calls urging turnout in Alabama's heated race for U.S. Senate.
A person familiar with the campaign said Monday that Obama had recorded a message in support of Democrat Doug Jones. Jones is attempting to become the first Alabama Democrat elected to the U.S. Senate in 25 years. He is locked in a heated battle with Republican Roy Moore.
Advertisement
Biden held a rally for Jones in Birmingham, Ala. earlier this year and has also recorded a call for Jones.
The Jones camp is sending out dozens of types of calls on the eve of the election to urge turnout. They include a news clip in which Republican Sen. Richard Shelby said that Alabama deserves better than Moore.
President Donald Trump has recorded a call urging people to vote for Moore.
___
9:45 a.m.
An official has quit the Republican National Committee over the GOP's support of Alabama Republican Senate candidate Roy Moore, who faces accusations of sexual assault and harassment.
Joyce Simmons, the GOP national committeewoman from Nebraska, emailed the 168-member governing body Monday to inform them that she had tendered her resignation. She writes: "I strongly disagree with the recent RNC financial support directed to the Alabama Republican Party for use in the Roy Moore race."
Simmons adds that she wishes she could have continued her service "to the national Republican Party that I used to know well.'
The RNC had pulled support from Moore after the allegations surfaced against him last month. But the organization re-entered the race once President Donald Trump endorsed Moore, citing the need for a Republican in the seat.
___
3:35 a.m.
Republican Roy Moore and Democrat Doug Jones are making their final pushes ahead of Tuesday's special Senate election in Alabama.
Jones and Democrats are framing the election as a way for Alabama to reject its history of politicians with baggage that hampers the state.
Republicans say its about keeping a conservative hold on Alabama and not giving Democrats any opportunity to derail President Donald Trump's agenda before the 2018 midterms.
In truth, the matchup is a mix of Alabama's history and the partisan divides plaguing Washington.
Jones says it would be disastrous to elect Moore after the former judge was accused of sexual misconduct with teenage girls. Moore denies the charges.
Moore and other Republicans say Jones would be a puppet of liberal Democratic leaders out of step with Alabama.
The Lions provided something of a template for their defence on this tour against the Crusaders last Saturday.
But the intriguing, and slightly unnerving, aspect of this was the response of the Highlanders, who found space in behind the Lions wingers with their richly inventive array of cross-kicks, kick passes and, most of all, deft grubbers. The All Blacks Think Tank assuredly took note.
To keep a team which had averaged 37 points per game try-less, and to just three points, was an impressive effort and was founded to a large degree on the Lions ultra-fast line speed in defence.
But if Lima Sopoaga, Malakai Fekitoa and Tei Walden can find green grass in behind the Lions wingers, then one can be sure Beauden Barrett and his buddies will be able to do so as well.
The Highlanders kicked the ball 37 times in open play, more often than not to good effect, and there were few more intrigued onlookers than Lions' kicking coach Neil Jenkins.
“It's good preparation, isn't it, very good preparation,” said Jenkins in reference to the Highlanders' kicking game being a warning shot for the Test series. “Not just Sopoaga, they were shifting it out one and the ‘12' put them through as well and constantly Fekitoa is looking for them as well.”
“He's used it quite a bit in the Super Rugby as well so I think it's a tactic of theirs across the board but they certainly brought an extra level with it last night. They were constantly looking for it behind our wingers, trying to find gaps in between our frontline and our fullback. I think that's pretty good practice for what's coming a week Saturday, there's no doubting it.”
Twelve years ago the Lions were not especially good on the pitch but, with Clive Woodward's adherence to Vince Lombardi time, they were at least punctual.
These Lions have been notoriously tardy in their media commitments, presumably due to their need to cram so much preparation into their manically demanding and intense itinerary, as well as an understandable sense of priority. Training time comes before media obligations.
However, on the day before the Blues game, this afforded the media a unique vantage point at the QBE Stadium in Auckland as Owen Farrell, Johnny Sexton, Dan Biggar and Leigh Halfpenny all went through an extended kicking practice under the watchful eye of Jenkins.
Good kicker
Four years ago, Halfpenny was chosen as the place-kicker for the Tests, seemingly much to the chagrin of Sexton. Warren Gatland has intimated that this decision rested with Jenkins four years ago, and will do so again on this tour, although the former Welsh and Lions goal-kicker suggested otherwise.
“I don't think it'll be just mine,” said Jenkins in reference to this decision.
“It'll be between us; there's no doubting us. Obviously [Andy] Faz is a pretty good kicker himself so he's got a good insight into that as well. There'll be a discussion between all the coaches so whoever we feel, if there is more than one playing in the team, someone's probably going to be disappointed.”
“There was four years ago with Johnny as Leigh was kicking and it's not an easy conversation. We certainly had that four years ago but that's life and I like to think he [Halfpenny] fronted up four years ago and did the job. Leigh had a pretty good series so I have no doubt that whoever kicks this series will be very strong. So we'll have a very good kicker.”
Halfpenny is likely to be the place-kicker this Saturday against the Maori All Blacks, and hence could yet assume that role again in this series.
Farrell had seemed the favourite to fulfil this crucial role, but missed a penalty to push the Lions two scores clear against the Crusaders last Saturday, when adamant that his penalty had been inside the line of the right upright, and again when he had the opportunity to open up a five-point lead against the Highlanders with ten minutes remaining last Tuesday with his first touch after replacing Dan Biggar.
That was a costly miss, although Jenkins is in agreement with Farrell regarding the overruled kick against the Crusaders which cleared the height of the uprights.
“It was over. It was,” said Jenkins, laughing.
“We were in behind it and it was over. Look, it's incredibly hard to be a referee and a linesman. If you're standing underneath the posts you can't tell me if that's gone over or if it's just crept in or not. It's quite difficult to see if you're standing quite literally looking straight up, so you know, the ref has to take control there as well and if he's unsure then maybe you do go to the TMO. But both me and Owen felt the kick was certainly over. It just crept in but, you know, the decision's made and that's how it is, you've just got to get on with it.”
Elliot Daly's late penalty against the Highlanders having been moved back a few metres, which Jenkins admitted was the right call, the Lions kicking coach says they know the range of each of their kickers, although there are countless variables at play.
“Pretty much, we'll have a guideline. For most of them, from the halfway line I'm not saying they would be comfortable, but they wouldn't be far off. It just depends on the day but you've also got to play the conditions in New Zealand.”
“There can be a little bit of a freeze in Auckland. Hamilton is the same – we've been there quite a few times with Wales and it can be quite tough – and Wellington can be very tricky.
“So there are different scenarios which might mean the kickers' range is up to 55m, or down to 40 or 45m. It depends on the conditions. We will adapt to that when the time comes.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jeremy Corbyn's former leadership rival Owen Smith has returned to the shadow cabinet.
The Labour leader brought back the man who tried to oust him in 2016 as he began putting together a "strengthened shadow cabinet" following the General Election.
The Pontypridd MP will serve under Mr Corbyn as shadow Northern Ireland secretary.
Lesley Laird also makes it to the top team as shadow Scottish secretary, just days after being elected as MP for Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath.
(Photo: Chris Lobina/Sky News/PA Wire)
Dawn Butler will be shadow minister for diverse communities, while Ian Lavery becomes party chairman.
Mr Corbyn said: "I am delighted to announce four appointments to fill shadow cabinet vacancies.
"I look forward to working with the strengthened shadow cabinet as we prepare a government in waiting to carry out our manifesto for the many not the few.
"Our party is now on a permanent campaign footing in anticipation of the failure of Theresa May's attempt to establish a stable administration with the support of the DUP.
"I am therefore appointing Ian Lavery, co-national campaign coordinator, to the additional role of Labour Party Chair to strengthen our campaigning and party organisation, as we prepare to contest a new general election and form the next government."
Andrew Gwynne, credited with playing a major role in the General Election campaign which saw Mr Corbyn's Labour gain 30 seats, has been appointed shadow communities and local government secretary.
He retains the co-national campaign coordinator role alongside Mr Lavery.
Did you spot them?! 12 actors who look UNRECOGNISABLE in film roles
From Margot Robbie to Tom Cruise, these actors look unrecognisable to the point that you might not have realised it was even them...
Has the world gone mad? Two teenage babysitters posted video as they placed a seven month old baby in a fridge while the mother was taking a shower. ...
File - In this May 22, 2018 file photo, volunteer Jenifer Murias yells into a megaphone as Culinary Union members file into a university arena to vote on whether to authorize a strike in Las Vegas. The union representing thousands of Las Vegas casino workers says the two largest operators would lose more than $10 million a day combined if housekeepers, cooks and others go on strike. The Culinary Union on Wednesday, May 30, 2018, released documents explaining how it thinks a one-month strike would impact MGM Resorts International and Caesars Entertainment. Isaac Brekken, File AP Photo
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
JULIE JEFFERY MANWARREN / FOR THE ABINGTON SUBURBAN Jonathan and Rachel Strayer, of Ghostlight Productions, introduced Shakespeare in the Park to the Abingtons in 2009. The upcoming production of ‘Hamlet' will be the theater group's 10th Shakespeare in the Park event.
Jonathan and Rachel Strayer met in college and quickly found they shared a passion for drama and theatre.
“It was something really clear to us, even as college students and initially dating, that we both had a love and passion for theater,” Rachel said. “We felt we were stronger together than separately.”
The couple married in 2005.
This year, they celebrate a milestone for Ghostlight Productions, their theatre group based in the Abingtons. “Hamlet,” set for the first two weekends in June at South Abington Park, will be their 10th Shakespeare in the Park performance.
Jonathan is an assistant professor and theatre director at Clarks Summit University. Rachel is an assistant professor and theatre director at Keystone College.
The couple discussed using drama to engage more with the community. Connecting with friends, Jeremy and Jill Kemmerer, Ghostlight Productions was born. In 2009 they produced their first Shakespeare in the Park event.
“In the beginning, we had no money,” Rachel shared. “Shakespeare in the Park was an entity that we knew existed, but at the time didn't have anything like that here. The township came along side of us, allowing the use of space at South Abington Park. We worked with people we already knew and just sort of ran from there.”
Through the years, Ghostlight has produced such works as “Twelfth Night,” “Julius Caesar” and “Macbeth.”
“‘Macbeth' was a production that Jonathan and I really loved. Jonathan had a vision going in and enjoyed directing it. I got into my role as Lady Macbeth which was a fantastic experience for me. It was also the only year that we didn't have rain during one of our performances,” Rachel said, laughing. “We do perform rain or shine.
We had 51 people show up to audition that year, which was astounding. We worked with people we would have never met otherwise. Many have stayed with us and become part of the Ghostlight family.”
This year's production is supported through the Lackawanna County Arts and Culture Community Grant and the Pennsylvania Council on the Arts Project Grant as well as local sponsors.
The Strayers, along with Jeremy Kemmerer, rotate the directing duties. This year, Jonathan Strayer is directing “Hamlet.” He looked at the “First Folio” and every version of “Hamlet” attributed to Shakespeare that he could get his hands on, piecing together a script that felt true to Shakespeare but also met their needs. Jonathan created a work that is concise and action-focused. His result is a strong script that speaks to Shakespeare's intention.
“Almost everyone knows the story of ‘Hamlet', or, at least thinks they do,” Jonathan said. “I want to jar the familiarity out of our audience with a story that starts and ends a bit differently than most ‘Hamlets.' We also have some pretty great fight scenes that were choreographed by our Fight Director, Jared Kirby out of New York City.”
When they're not developing scripts, or practicing with their cast, the Strayers enjoy attending theatre, the Pennsylvania Shakespeare Festival, planning costume parties or relaxing at home with their Jack Russell Terrier, who, to no one's surprise, is named Shakespeare.
There isn't a lot of downtime for this powerhouse theatre couple. Rachel, has written several works, including “Drowning Ophelia,” which was produced and performed in California. The play was also directed by Jonathan and performed in Scranton, where it was produced through Gaslight Theatre Company.
Jonathan and Rachel direct productions individually every year for Clarks Summit University and Keystone College. In March, they were able to bring the two drama departments together.
“We collaborated with Keystone College and CSU to do a joint production of ‘Much Ado About Nothing,'” Rachel said. “We co-directed it and the cast was a mix of students from both schools. It was such a cool experience.”
They worked together in January to teach theater classes in South Africa.
Collaboration seems to be key for the Strayer's success.
“We enjoy each other's creativity.” Rachel shared. “We have different strengths and weaknesses that we have found really complement each other. We can't imagine not doing this together. Even with our individual projects, we bounce things off each other and I'll ask ‘What do you think about this?' It's just another blessing that we get to share this particular passion and do it together.”
Jonathan agreed, adding, “We love working together. We both wanted to do theatre and found that we were stronger as a collaborative, creative force than not. That doesn't mean we don't have solo projects, especially at our respective schools, but we always come back to working together.”
In the past, Ghostlight Productions held dinner theatres and stage combat intensives. In 2014, they introduced the Underage Theatre for Young Actors.
Jonathan assures there is more coming from Ghostlight in the future.
“We almost always have one or two things that we are talking about doing,” he said. “It is really just a matter of time and scheduling. We've talked about a play reading series over the next year and an additional combat intensive in the fall.”
“Hamlet,” Ghostlight Productions' 10th Shakespeare in the Park production, will be held at South Abington Park behind the basketball courts over the first two weekends in June. Performances are at 6:30 p.m. Fridays and Saturdays, June 1, 2, 8 and 9 and at 2:30 p.m. Sundays, June 3 and 10. Admission is free and attendees are encouraged to bring chairs or blankets to sit on. For more details visit
ghostlightnepa.com.
RUSSIAN TIME heads into the 13th GP2 season with a new line-up comprising 22-year-old Russian Artem Markelov and Italian 21-year-old Luca Ghiotto.
Markelov and Ghiotto were both top 10 championship finishers in the 2016 series, with Artem winning the Monaco feature race and finishing on the podium in the season finale at Yas Marina. Luca, meanwhile, finished runner-up in the Hockenheim feature event and claimed four podiums in all, including a win at Sepang en route to his 111 points.
Both men have impressive records in the junior racing categories, with Markelov a former runner-up in the German F3 championship and Ghiotto vice-champion in both Formula Abarth and Formula Renault 2.0 before taking pole position at Spa on his GP3 debut. His 2015 GP3 campaign saw him finish runner-up to current Force India F1 driver Esteban Ocon, beaten by eight points despite five victories and eight podiums.
"We made an important step last year," Markelov said, "with a win and a top 10 finish in the championship. The GP2 series is highly competitive and I'm looking forward to doing even better in 2017 and challenging for more wins and hopefully becoming a consistent front-runner."
Speaking about the season ahead, Ghiotto said: "Let me firstly thank all at RUSSIAN TIME for the great opportunity they have offered me. Having crossed their cars a few times in 2016, I know how good they are! I think we have great potential to develop together. I'm looking forward to working with my new teammate Artem, and can't wait to hit the track in March to start work."
Team principal Svetlana Strelnikova added: "I'm delighted to be able to announce such a promising line-up that will hopefully allow us to challenge for the teams' championship that we won in 2013. The fact that four different teams have claimed the title in the past four seasons is a good illustration of just how competitive the series is. We are all hugely looking forward to it."
CLOSE President Trump visited Jackson Saturday, Dec. 9, 2017, to celebrate the opening of two museums and the state's 200th birthday. Justin Sellers/The Clarion-Ledger
Jordan Hamlett leaves federal court following his guilty plea in Baton Rouge, La., Monday, Dec. 11, 2017. The Louisiana private investigator pleaded guilty in his attempts to access Donald Trump's tax returns during the presidential campaign. Authorities have said Hamlett failed in his attempts to get Trump's tax returns through a U.S. Department of Education financial aid website. The 32-year-old Lafayette resident was charged with misusing a Social Security number. His trial had been scheduled to start this week, but the judge originally assigned to the case died Saturday. (AP Photo/Gerald Herbert) (Photo: Gerald Herbert, AP)
BATON ROUGE, — A Louisiana private investigator pleaded guilty on Monday to misusing Donald Trump's Social Security number in repeated attempts to access the president's federal tax information before his election last year.
Jordan Hamlett, 32, faces a maximum sentence of five years in prison and a $250,000 fine following his guilty plea in federal court.
Authorities have said Hamlett failed in his attempts to get Trump's tax information through a U.S. Department of Education financial aid website.Trump has refused to release his tax returns, bucking an American tradition honored by every president since Jimmy Carter.
A court document accompanying Hamlett's plea agreement says he used Trump's Social Security number and other personal information to open an online application for federal student aid on Sept. 13, 2016. After obtaining a username and password, he tried to use an Internal Revenue Service data retrieval tool to obtain Trump's tax information, the document says.
"The defendant made six separate attempts to obtain the federal tax information from IRS servers, but he was unsuccessful," says the document. It doesn't specify how much of Trump's tax information could have been retrieved with the online tool.
Hamlett, a Lafayette resident, was indicted in November 2016. His trial had been scheduled to start this week, but the judge originally assigned to the case died on Saturday after a brief illness. U.S. District Court Judge John deGravelles, who inherited the case, didn't immediately schedule Hamlett's sentencing hearing.
Defense attorney Michael Fiser had argued Hamlett didn't have any "intent to deceive" and simply tried "out of sheer curiosity" to discover whether Trump's tax information could be accessed through the government website.
More state news: Body of abducted Shreveport woman found in St. Landry Parish lake
After Hamlett's guilty plea, Fiser said his client "still has a long road ahead" as he awaits sentencing.
"We felt like, under the circumstances, it was time to accept full responsibility and move forward to get closure," Fiser said.
Federal agents confronted Hamlett two weeks before last November's election and questioned him in a Baton Rouge hotel lobby. At the time, the agents didn't know if Hamlett had been successful, and they feared a public release of Trump's tax returns could influence the election, according to a transcript of court testimony earlier this year.
Treasury Department Special Agent Samuel Johnson testified in March that Hamlett immediately took credit for his "genius idea" to seek Trump's tax returns from the financial aid website.
Johnson noted that an internet hacking group calling itself Anonymous had targeted Trump.
"At that time, Anonymous had been established as people that have released some of President Trump's personal identifying information and things of that nature," Johnson testified.
Federal prosecutors had asked Judge James Brady to bar Hamlett's lawyer from presenting a trial defense that that he was acting as a benevolent "white hat" hacker. Brady, a senior federal judge who died Saturday at a Baton Rouge hospital, ruled last month that Hamlett couldn't testify that he had a "good purpose" in attempting to test security flaws in the website.
Fiser said Hamlett had tried to call and notify the IRS about the flaws last September, on the same day he tried to electronically access Trump's tax records.
Fiser said Hamlett liked to test security systems for weaknesses in his spare time and would notify system administrators if he found a system vulnerable to a security breach. Hamlett once discovered a security flaw that allowed for public access to the Livingston Parish Sheriff's Office's "raw" reports on open investigations and exposed personal information about police officers.
"Hamlett tipped the sheriff's office to the flaw and was met with thanks and appreciation, not an arrest," his attorney wrote in a recent court filing.
After his indictment, Hamlett was arrested again in August for allegedly violating conditions of his pretrial release. Prosecutors said he committed "numerous violations," including hacking into email and social media accounts of a man at the request of the man's wife.
Read or Share this story: http://www.shreveporttimes.com/story/news/crime/2017/12/11/lafayette-man-admits-misusing-trumps-social-security-number/941254001/
The ASEAN smart education learning market is extremely fragmented on account of a large number of educational institutions offering very similar education. It is therefore not surprising the competition level runs high in the Asians modification and learning market. With increasing efforts and initiatives taken by governments across Asia to strengthen the online education and smart education facilities, there has been a rise in the number of players entering the market in the past few years.
Governments are also offering grants and developmental policies which are encouraging new players to enter the market. Transparency Market Research (TMR) states in its new report on this market that in order for companies to make the most of the growing opportunities in smart education and learning market, it will be important to strive for product differentiation.
According to TMR, the ASEAN smart education and learning market will rise to US$88.97 mn by 2020 and expand at a whopping 19.7% CAGR from 2016 to 2020. On the basis of geography, the Malaysian market will emerge as the leading contributor to the revenue of smart education and learning market. The high penetration of smartphones and highly developed state of the Information and Communication Technology (ICT) will fuel the growth of the Malaysia Market for smart education.
Increasing initiatives taken by the government to promote the use of technology and education has boosted the use of desktops and Smartphones for delivering smart education to learners. Apart from Malaysia, Indonesia is also expected to emerge as a promising market for smart education and learning. The two countries combined, will exhibit a CAGR of 20.3% between 2016 and 2020. On the basis of the delivery model, the desktop/mobile based solution is anticipated to lead.
PDF Brochure For Future Advancements https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=16106
Increasing Affordability of Smartphones and Easy Accessibility to High-Speed Internet Driving ASEAN Smart Education and Learning Market
According to the report, the growing use of Smartphones and high-speed Internet will be the two important factors which will drive the ASEAN smart education learning market. The affordability of Smartphones and easy accessibility has increased the use of mobiles in the education sector in the past few years. Malaysia, Singapore, Thailand have strong Information and Communication Technology infrastructure. This is also driving the use of technology for education purposes in ASEAN market.
Implementation of projects integrating smart education and learning solutions and integration of ICT in schools is growing at an exponential pace. Educational institutions are making learning an interactive and technology-oriented process by introducing smartphones, digital whiteboards, tablets, smart boards, and virtual reality in classrooms.
The launch of ASEAN Economic Community (AEC) will fuel the demand for English language learning among the member countries of ASEAN which has resulted in English being the official language of (AEC). In addition to this, renowned foreign institutions have opened massive open online courses (MOOCs) which have propelled the demand for online courses in Asia and this will drive the growth of smart education and learning solutions market.
Use of State Of Art Technology and Tools Making Smart Education Unaffordable For Small-Scale Learning Centers and Institutions
Sample With The Latest Advancements and Application https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=S&rep_id=16106
The deployment of hardware, software, and tools is essential to start a smart learning facility and that requires high initial investment. Many of the tools involve state-of-the-art technology which means they are expensive and unaffordable for a large number of end users such as small learning centers and small-scale institutions. The high cost of smart education and learning tools will thus act as a challenge.
Another factor which is expected to restrict the growth of this market is the availability of a large number of online courses and options to choose from. This creates a lot of confusion among students who become indecisive about the right selection of the course as well as the platform. On a positive note, however, virtual reality classrooms will fuel the growth opportunities within the market. Cloud computing, as well as real-time analytics in smart education, will also create significant growth opportunities.
Crayfish of the North - be very afraid. Waitangi Day looms and the PM is in town. And even though the pregnant PM cannot eat seafood, that has not spared the crustaceans and shellfish of the North as the hosts pile tables for the hakari - the feasts after the powhiri.
The PM's extended visit up north has seen at least three big feasts - Te Aupouri went on a massive collecting mission to feed the Iwi Leaders' Forum, Ngati Manu were also determined not to stint for the PM's visit to Karetu Marae to honour her deputy leader Kelvin Davis at his home marae.
The elder there remarked that the last time a PM had come was Helen Clark in 2008.
Davis had asked for some tea and scones. She got a full blown feast.
Advertisement
Last but not least on the feasts front is NZ First Shane Jones' traditional annual Waitangi Party tonight. The tables there will boast about 100 crayfish (yes, there was a permit), paua, tuatua and other delicacies from the sea as well as tuna from Fiji. All of it will be prepared by Jones' wife Dot and her merry band of helpers.
The party this year is to celebrate the wedding of the Jones', which happened in January in Rarotonga.
But it could also see the start of another courtship: that of National trying to woo NZ First.
It is understood that after initially declining the invitation, about 12 National MPs will now be going, led by Steven Joyce.
NZ First leader Winston Peters will also be there.
National MPs have always attended in different numbers - the first year it was just Mark Mitchell and Alfred Ngaro but since then Joyce and others have attended.
This year was almost a no-show but there is concern among some National MPs about closing NZ First out. So the party could well mark a decision of trying to restore some amicability to the relationship lest 2020 be a repeat of 2017 - and NZ First has the balance of power.
So diverse is Jones' field of friends that his party is like the watering hole in the desert - a morass of people who are natural enemies gather there to drink. They include politicians, business people, media and family. They include fisheries interests and environmentalists... oh hang on.
Such is the antipathy NZ First has to the government support partner, the Greens, while all the National MPs who will be in town were invited the only Green Party MP to get an invite was the leader James Shaw.
Although it is an invite only party, it doesn't stop gatecrashers and so Shaw is expected to have some company in the form of Julie Anne Genter.
As for Ardern she will have a day off up North before the formal ceremonies for Waitangi begin tomorrow. Her day at the peaceful marae in the Karetu valley will have gone some way to restoring the faith of politicians in the hospitality of the north after the often bitter taste powhiri at Te Tii Marae might have left.
Ardern was gifted some pounamu and the marae took line honours as the first not to gift her a baby name although there was a joke "now with those taonga goes naming rights."
Ardern also likely learned that among Maoridom in the North there is no such thing as a secret. The event at the marae was intended to be a surprise for Davis. Even media were cautioned to be careful not to mention it to him.
He drily observed that it was indeed "as much of a surprise as an open invitation on Facebook can be".
In the end the only person who got a surprise was Ardern's partner Clarke Gayford who had presumed his official duties were over after the powhiri and gone awol. Then his name was called out to receive a taonga during the presentations, necessitating a quick sprint back into the meeting house, tearing his shoes off as he went to the soundtrack of the crowd laughing and clapping.
It's no secret that financial services organizations are on a digital transformation journey. With increasing tech savvy customers and a growing millennial community, today it seems that everyone is seeking a better digital experience.
But one channel does not support all - so how do you balance the needs of your different demographics. Join Jay Reed, CIO of Service 1st Credit Union as he shares his CU's approach to supporting the changing needs of different consumer groups. Christopher Danvers, Vice President Payments and Digital Services from American Airlines Credit Union will then share his organizations approach to digital strategy, plus lessons learned on enhancing the mobile channel.
Attend this webinar to uncover:
The challenges driven by a new technology landscape and changing expectations
How Service 1st Credit Union defined digital projects based on different demographics
How American Airlines Credit Union designed, implemented, and realized benefits of their mobile strategy
Top 5 considerations to help balance technology and service in your market
Kiss Me First's Simona Brown and Tim Downie have also been added to the cast
Billy Boyd, AKA Pippin from the Lord of the Rings trilogy, has joined the cast of Outlander for the upcoming fourth season.
Advertisement
The actor is one of five new actors joining the cast for season four, including Kiss Me First's Simona Brown and Tim Downie (Paddington, The King's Speech).
Boyd will feature in the new season alongside Caitriona Balfe's Claire and Sam Heughan's Jamie as Gerald Forbes, a wealthy lawyer who works for Jocasta Cameron (Maria Doyle Kennedy).
They will also be joined by Brown, who will play Gayle, best friend and university roommate of Jamie and Claire's daughter Brianna (Sophie Skelton), and Caitlyn O'Ryan as Lizzie Wemyss, who goes on an adventure with Brianna.
Natalie Simpson has been added to the cast as Phaedre, Jocasta's personal maid and seamstress at the River Run Household, while Downie will play Governor William Tyron, a former British officer who climbed up the political ladder thanks to his family connections.
Advertisement
Earlier this month, Outlander was renewed for season five and six, before the fourth season has even aired. Find out everything you need to know about season 4 of the time-travelling romance, which is currently filming in Scotland, here.
An alcoholic beverage is a drink having ethanol, commonly recognized as alcohol. they are fermented from the sugars in grains, berries, culmination, and such other additives as tubers, plant saps, milk, and honey. Alcoholic drinks are wolfed across the world. The call for those alcoholic drinks has altered in the few years, deliberating the on/off premises consumption tendencies.
Alcoholic beverages are made from sugar-containing drinks by means of alcoholic fermentation. Sugars, fermentable by yeasts, are either present as such or are generated from the raw fabric with the aid of processing, i. e. by hydrolytic cleavage of starches and dextrin's, yielding simple sugars. The maximum essential alcoholic drinks are beer, wine, and brandy. Beer and wine had been regarded to early civilizations and were produced by using a well-developed enterprise. The distillation procedure for liquor production was added much later. The dietary electricity value of ethanol is high (29 kJ/g or 7 kcal/g).
View sample and decide: https://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/north-america-alcoholic-beverages-market-4403/request-sample
Drivers and Restraints:
Few of the benefits of devouring alcohol in confined quantity are a decrease in chance of cardiovascular ailment, avoidance of bloodless while having purple wine reduces the threat of coronary heart diseases and burns fat. Further, the mounting request for top class alcoholic beverages is deemed to be one of the foremost impellers for the increase of the alcoholic liquids marketplace. Attempts with the aid of the alcoholic beverage producers for fortifying distribution channels and enlargement of buy a channel, which include comfort stores & online stores, is likewise leading to the tremendous marketplace increase. Innovation and release of the new product also are using the increase of the alcoholic drinks market.
However, a high price of top rate/extremely good top rate merchandise, and escalation of non-alcoholic beverages market, attributable to health issues, is anticipated to limit the market growth in destiny.
To know more read: https://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/north-america-alcoholic-beverages-market-4403/
Geographic Segmentation
The North America market has been geographically segmented into US, Canada, and Mexico. America has the best demand followed with the aid of Canada and Mexico. The North the USA location is largely pushed by way of industrial worries. The increase of the alcoholic beverages market on this place may be credited to the vast rise in disposable profits.
Get your customized report: https://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/north-america-alcoholic-beverages-market-4403/customize-report
The key players of the market include Molson Coors Brewing Co., Pernod Ricard SA, SABMiller Ltd., United Spirits Ltd., Bacardi Limited, Beam Suntory Inc., Constellation Brands Inc., Diageo, Heineken Holding NV, Accolade Wines Ltd., Asahi Breweries Ltd., Brown-Forman Corp., Carlsberg A/S, China Resources Beer Company Limited.
Scope of the report
The report offers a comprehensive analysis of the industry by providing the estimations of market potential and forecasts with utmost granularity. Along this, the factors influential in effecting the market dynamics and trends are discussed in detail at the product level. Further, the performance of the market at the regional and country-level is assessed and the prospects with high growth potential are identified and debated.
The key players in the industry are profiled providing insights on their financial performance, market position and growth strategies. Comparative analysis on prime strategical activities of the market players delineating the key developments like mergers & acquisitions, collaborations and an evaluation of the competitive environment within the industry are provided. The report also offers a broad outlook of the market along with recommendations from industry experts on the opportunities for investment activity.
What else? Apart from the syndicated report, our in-house team has an expertise and experience in designing custom reports to meet your specific research needs and assist you in making well-informed decisions.
Contact Info:
Name: Mr. Abhishek Shukla
Email: abhishek@marketdataforecast.com
Organization: MarketDataForecast™
Address: 2nd Floor, Lakeview Plaza, Kavuri Hills, Hyderabad, Telangana 500033, India.
Phone: +1-888-702-9626
Much of northern Santa Barbara County was hit with a power outage Sunday night after equipment failures crippled Pacific Gas & Electric Co.‘s Central Coast transmission system.
At the peak, some 145,000 customers on the Central Coast were without power, said company spokeswoman Jan Morris.
As of 11:50 p.m., that number had been reduced to 112,000, Morris said, and social media reports indicated power was slowly being restored throughout the region.
The company sent out a Twitter message at 12:25 a.m. indicating the number of customers without power had been reduced to 48,000.
A PG&E outage map indicated customers were in the dark from Solvang to Atascadero.
Southern California Edison customers on the South Coast were not affected.
The Santa Barbara County Office of Emergency Management said it was monitoring the outage, which struck customers in Lompoc, Santa Maria and much of the Santa Ynez Valley.
The outage, which began around 9:30 p.m., involved equipment failures at multiple substations, Morris said.
The California Utilities Emergency Association told county officials that the PG&E power outage was due to a “flash” at a sub-station at Morro Bay, resulting in a loss of transmission to several substations. The Diablo Canyon Nuclear Power Plant was not affected.
“Our crews are testing the lines to be sure it's safe to restore power,” Morris said.
PG&E expected to restore all power by midnight, county officials said.
PG&E officials were providing some updates on the company's Twitter account.
At one point, PG&E's outage map indicated that nearly 42,600 customers in Santa Maria were without power, with nearly 10,000 more in the Santa Ynez Valley.
The Lompoc Police Department reported that all of Lompoc was in the dark.
Click here for PG&E updates.
Check back with Noozhawk for more information.
— Noozhawk publisher Bill Macfadyen can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Finding a parking spot in New York City is like playing musical chairs with 23 million other people, except there's no music and no chairs, just a rumor that there might be a chair in Brooklyn, but it's probably stolen. Certain residents at 565 Broome SoHo tower can avoid that futility — at home, at least — because the soon-to-be-completed luxury tower in New York City's SoHo neighborhood will provide 40 private parking spaces for $550,000 each, in an automated garage. There's also a practical option, that being car sharing with BMW's ReachNow service The 115 units at 565 Broome SoHo run from just under $1 million for a studio, to $20 million for a four-bedroom, full-floor penthouse duplex. Spending $550,000 on top of that for a reserved parking spot, even one with two charging stations, sounds like Versailles-level excess. However, a space at The Parking Club in Brooklyn , "a luxury parking condominium," runs from $185,000 to $200,000. One of the 10 underground spots at 42 Crosby cost $1 million, although it's only a half-mile away from 565 Broome SoHo and units there top out at $10.45 million. In that context, we can all agree that $550,000 represents mere middle-of-the-road excess — dare we say a bargain?For those not convinced of the value-for-money proposition, the 30-story twin-tower condo complex will also offer 24-hour availability of a range of Mini Coopers and small BMWs through ReachNow. Rates in Brooklyn start at 41 cents per minute, or $20 per hour, or $110 per day. At those prices, instead of dropping $550K on a parking spot, you could use a BMW product every day for a minimum of 13.7 years. Some residents, no doubt, will do both. Decisions, decisions.
Le Bus is looking for a part-time Janitor for their Rock Springs, Wyoming location.
Apply In-Person Today!
Position Description
Performing basic janitorial duties such as cleaning the offices, bathroom, and buses.
Part time
Flexible hours
Multiple shifts available
To Apply
Apply in person at 320 Hickories, Rock Springs, WY.
Hours: 8 am to 3 pm
No phone calls please.
Paid Advertisement - This post was paid for by the business or individual represented above. We reserve the right to remove any comments. If you'd like to advertise your business in a future promotion similar to this, call our Advertising Team at 307-922-0700 or send us a message.
There was no end of intrigue at the Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show this year.
Rumor, the German shepherd who narrowly lost at last year's show, had come close to simply hanging up her leash and retiring. Instead, she stormed back to win her category again this year — and then, to top it all off, beat out more than 2,800 dogs to take Best in Show on Tuesday, as well.
The triumph makes her only the second German shepherd to win the top prize in Westminster's 141-year history. Considering Westminster is the second-longest continuously running sporting event in the U.S. — second only to the Kentucky Derby — the redemptive win for the 5 1/2-year-old female is no mean feat.
Not only that, but as NPR's Merrit Kennedy noted earlier this month, Westminster also played host to another rarity at this year's dog show: cats. The featured felines shared a showcase with the dogs called Meet & Compete.
Still, whatever words we can offer on the event seem a little beside the point. The dogs — big and small, noble and loony — are the main event.
So, without further throat-clearing, here's what you came for: A few of our very favorite images from the competition.
Waiting until the quality of automobile LED Headlight Bulbs met their exacting standards, HIDSRUS.com are now offering a wide selection of choices at their popular online store.
February 02, 2018
Experts agree automotive LED Headlights have finally come of age and deliver reliable, quality and long-lasting performance. This breakthrough has inspired well-known and trusted automobile headlight specialists HIDSRUS.com to officially add LED headlight bulbs to their very extensive catalogs. Their best-selling headlight HID kits are also still available. The excitement surrounding the new choice in high-performance headlights, which deliver low beam, high beam, and fog light options is skyrocketing.
“Clear the darkness with HID lights and LED bulbs from HIDSRUS.com,” commented a spokesperson from the company. “Since 2004 we have put the customer experience first, by only offering the best product choices at attractive prices and that drive proudly continues.”
According to HIDSRUS.com, LED headlight bulbs are available for cars, trucks, SUVs, ATVs, motorcycles, and snowmobiles. The brightness of the lights truly impresses and makes it clear why they are becoming a favorite in the custom vehicle industry. All of the products sold at the online store are covered by an enthusiastic two-year “no questions asked” policy, with the option to purchase lifetime warranties also available.
Some of the big name auto companies both HID kits and LED bulbs are stocked for include Acura, BMW, Aston Martin, Bugatti, Alfa Romeo, Bentley, Cadillac, Chevrolet, GM, Chrysler, Hyundai, GMC, Dodge and many, many others. A full list is available at HIDSRUS.com and even auto and powersport companies not listed a quick call or email can help find an option for a customer that is likely available.
Shopper feedback continues to be passionate across the board.
John G., from California, recently said in a five-star review, “Your site is very easy to navigate and your products are very high quality!”
Expect the latest in HID kits and LED bulbs to continue to be added to the online catalog as they become available and pass the company's exacting demand for quality.
For more information be sure to visit https://www.hidsrus.com.
There is no area of business, society or life which technology is not upending. This report looks at the fullest range, from gold mining in Russia to gay bars in London
Lincoln High School has set the ground rules for its new trial allowing students to grow facial hair.
It is dropping its clean-shaven only rule after its students won a year-long campaign for facial hair.
A board of trustees meeting was held last week to finalise the rules and the length of the trial period. The new rules require facial hair to be tidy and no longer than 3cm.
Facial hair must be groomed and not extend on to the neck. Longer beards may be allowed for medical or cultural reasons.
Advertisement
Board of trustees chairman Adrian Paterson said he does not think the length of
the beards will be an issue.
"I don't think anyone will be running around with a ruler to see if it is 3cm or not. It can grow longer than a stubble but we are not looking for full-on old man beard," he said.
Paterson said the school received a positive response for the trial.
"We expected if anyone was upset they would be getting in touch but we haven't really had any of that," he said.
The trial is expected to run until the end of next year when it will be reassessed.
"It is a trial period so we are not tied to it forever, but if it works well it is great," Paterson said.
Principal Kathy Paterson said she was happy with the process the school went through to make the decision.
An earlier survey of staff, students and parents at the school found many supported allowing facial hair.
But Paterson said she did not see the need to release the survey.
"We have used the student voice, we co-constructed the outcome with the students. There is no need at all. There is a very strong voice for the students to be tidy and well represented," she said.
- Star.kiwi
Songi Han, an assistant professor of chemistry and biochemistry at UCSB, has been selected to receive a coveted 2011 New Innovator Award from the National Institutes of Health. She is one of 49 researchers in the nation to be so honored.
“This award gives me the amazing opportunity to take the basic instrumental and methodological development of a novel spectroscopic tool carried out in my lab to the next level of complexity and relevance, namely, to understand molecular mechanisms of protein aggregation underlying neurodegenerative diseases,” said Han, who will receive a grant of $1.5 million. “My tool is developed entirely from scratch, starting from a general idea that the structure and dynamics of hydration water coupled to the protein surface should be an ultra-sensitive way of detecting intermolecular contact and interaction. I am excited and impressed that NIH is investing in this high-risk, high-reward research.”
A key goal of Han's research is to study the molecular detail of early aggregation of various proteins implicated in Alzheimer's and other neurodegenerative diseases, and also to study their interactions with cell membranes that may provide clues to their mechanisms and disease effects.
“Our campus is proud of professor Han and her innovative research on novel spectroscopic instrumentation and methods for measuring essential interactions between proteins, particularly those involved in neurodegenerative diseases,” UCSB Chancellor Henry Yang said. “Her research has tremendous potential for practical medical applications. I am delighted that her extraordinary contributions are being recognized with the prestigious NIH New Innovator Award.”
Han and other award recipients will be recognized at a two-day NIH symposium in Bethesda, Md., that began Tuesday.
Han, who joined the UCSB faculty in 2004, received her doctoral degree in the natural sciences from Aachen University of Technology in Germany. Her Ph.D. thesis on magnetic resonance was recognized with the first Raymond Andrew Prize of the Ampere Society. She completed postdoctoral studies at UC Berkeley with the Feodor Lynen Fellowship of the Humboldt Foundation.
She is the recipient of numerous honors and awards, including the 2010 Dreyfus-Teacher Scholar Award, the 2008 Packard Fellowship for Science and Engineering, the 2007 National Science Foundation Early Career Development Award, and the 2004 Camille and Henry Dreyfus New Faculty Award.
Click here for more information about the New Innovator Awards, including a complete list of this year's recipients.
Today marks the anniversary of when we adopted our United States flag and some local students celebrated it.
Students from Broome Tioga BOCES, decked out in red white and blue gathered to commemorate Flag Day. Students sang "You're a Grand Old Flag" and heard a special performance by Louie G. One teacher says its important students understand the deeper meaning of the holiday
Laurie Martin, Instruction/Student Support, Oak Tree Program, BOCES said, "Our students realize the importance of the flag and what it stands for for our county and the freedom we have and they took lessons that came with it to help them, understand that It's not just the flag up there its a political symbol of what we've been provided and given."
The roots of Flag Day trace back to June 14th of 1777. The colors of the flag signify purity, valor and justice.
Father's Day Countdown — 3 Days Left!
Hit the open road in comfort on a new Can-Am Spyder — in stock now at Rocky Mountain Powersports!
The Can-Am Spyder is more stable than a motorcycle, more open to the life around you, and always open for what's ahead.
Count on the Rotax 1330 ACE engines to get you to your destination, boasting from 105-115 HP.
There are several models and accessory packages available.
This is one Father's Day gift he'll never get tired of!
.
.
Location
Rocky Mountain Powersports
511 5th Street
Rock Springs, WY
Phone: 307-382-9618
.
Paid Advertisement - This post was paid for by the business or individual represented above. We reserve the right to remove any comments. If you'd like to advertise your business in a future promotion similar to this, call our Advertising Team at 307-922-0700 or send us a message.
A bomb has exploded on a Manhattan subway platform leaving four people injured in a suspected-Isil-inspired attack.
The suspected bomber is Akayed Ullah, a 27-year-old Bangladeshi national who is thought to have lived in the US for seven years.
Ullah, who lived in Brooklyn, was armed with a five-inch metal pipe bomb and battery pack as he walked through a midtown Manhattan transit hub, sources told the New York Post.
The device prematurely exploded which meant it only partially detonated in the right side of the suspect's jacket.
Advertisement
CCTV Port Authority image reported to be of Akayed Ullah. Photo / New York Port Authority
Ullah, who is thought to have been seriously injured in the attack, told officials he made the explosive device at the electrical company where he works, according to the New York Post.
The blast happened on Monday morning in an underpass at the Port Authority Bus Terminal near Times Square - the nation's most crowded bus station.
Ullah had burns and lacerations to his hands and abdomen, police said.
New York Mayor Bill De Blasio has described the incident as a "suspected terror attack".
Seven Barrows maestro Nicky Henderson, who landed a fifth Betway Queen Mother Champion Chase last Wednesday with the impressive win of Altior, has been reflecting on the victory of one of his stable starts:
“I thought at the top of the hill (at Cheltenham) Altior was going well and they have gone a good gallop. Coming down the hill, he wasn't going as well as he has done in the past, like when he cruised up to Politologue at Newbury. Here, he had a fight on his hands but his jumping stood up well.
“He was tucked behind four horses, but when Nico pulled him out, he was right to as there was no point waiting for a gap, he's come round. As soon as he's seen that daylight, Altior was up and gone very quickly. He was always going to win as soon as he picked the bridle up from there. The anxieties had gone and you knew he wasn't going to get caught after he quickened clear.
“Mind you, how far will he stay? It seems the further he goes up that hill, the better he is. He was just going away and it looks like he wants further if anything. He had to get into a fight. I think we're in ground that doesn't lend to these classy horses just being able to do those great gear chances and split-second movements – it's not easy when the ground is like this. There have been lots of good winners (at this year's Cheltenham Festival) but nothing's cantered away with a race as I don't think you can do it in the conditions.
“They are all brave horses and when their class has been eliminated a little bit because of it, they have got to show they are brave as well and I think he and Buveur D'Air were. Our team deserve a lot of credit as they have all been brave this winter. We're very lucky that we have great facilities and a great team. His foot problem on Monday was zero to him, but a real shock to us. If you saw how lame he was at that particular moment, he would have been doubtful for this, but luckily our farrier Mick was in there and he found the problem in seconds as did our vet Dave Mathieson – they were on it in a flash.
“We've only just said goodbye to Sprinter Sacre, the best I've seen, and it's extraordinary that a horse in our yard has come on the scene to try and take over his mantle – we're incredibly lucky to be honest.
“To find an Altior as soon as you said goodbye to Sprinter Sacre is unbelievable really. I can't believe we'll go further as why change things when you can keep winning things like that, but he would stay. It is amazing when you see a horse is appreciated like that. We had those wonderful days with Sprinter Sacre and he became a very public horse. Some of the scenes we saw here with him, you have to say the scenes today were reminiscent and you can't believe so soon after he retired that you can find something creeping towards his aura.
“It was interesting looking at the graph in the Racing Post. There has been very little between Sprinter Sacre and Altior the whole way through. You couldn't and wouldn't compare them. I always said Sprinter was one of the greatest horses I have ever seen and those scenes here when he won the second time are unforgettable. If we get to that again, we will be very lucky.
“We've got more to work to do, but we'll enjoy this success. Nico gave him a great ride – in big races he has never let us down. Nico has a great temperament and he's a top man. He's a very good horseman and he's got a good head. What is lovely about Cheltenham is that people appreciate good horses – the place is everything to everybody, it's totally unique and it's humbling.”
One down, one to go.
“I know it's the cliché and you'll probably hate hearing this but it is game-on-game,” says Eoghan Kerin, the Galway defender politely declining to talk about anything beyond Sunday's Connacht semi-final against Sligo. Except maybe for the Super-8s.
“We probably do see ourselves as a top-eight team and we would be very disappointed if we don't get to the Super-8s. Obviously, we're not looking past the Sligo game but you'd like to think you can compete in the top four, and we proved that during the league. But you'd like to see yourselves going onto bigger and better things past the Super 8s.”
Kerin's tempered confidence is well founded. The 24-year-old from Annaghdown, in his third season on the Galway team, has become one of the cornerstones of Galway's strong defence this season, but there's also the reminder of what happened last summer. After taking out Mayo in the Connacht semi-final, Roscommon handed them a bit of a lesson in the final.
“Any time that you get over Mayo is a sweet one,” he says.
“And we are lucky, fortunate enough in the last three occasions, to get over them. When we looked back on the game ourselves, we realised that we didn't play overly well. We were actually disappointed with our performance.
“I suppose it was one of those days when you are playing the local rivals, and you are just trying to get over the line in any way you can. And it was tit-for-tat until Johnny Heaney got us over the line in the last couple of minutes.
“So even if you take last year as an example, we got a good win against Mayo in the Connacht championship but then we were dumped out by Roscommon in the Connacht final and similarly against Kerry.
“And then you see Mayo go on to bigger and better things, pushing the Dubs to within a kick of the ball in the All-Ireland final; it is not really about the one-off game against the local rivals. In the broader scheme of things, they have gone on to nearly win an All-Ireland title and we have been dumped out in the quarter-final.
An anti-climax
“So really, it is nearly an anti-climax after the last game. For a few minutes, you savour it but then you realise that it is really back to the drawing board again. To put it into perspective, it is a Connacht quarter-final at the end of the day and you are no closer to winning an All-Ireland.”
Kerin made his championship debut against Mayo in 2016, unheralded, by his own admission: “We were coming in for a trial, just because we were on the Galway U-21s the year before but there wasn't a lot expected of us. We were just brought in, to see if we could make the step up. Myself and Johnny Heaney were in the same position.
“And believe it or not, I started off as a forward. Started in the forwards. The only line that I haven't played in now is goals but I think Ruairí Lavelle has that tied down for the minute, so I will leave it to him.
“Funnily enough, I was kind of bigger when I was under-12 and under-14, don't think I have grown since, so I was moved back the lines. It was actually my first year in college when I started playing corner-back, so I was only 18 or 19. I think at the time it was because someone was fast and I was told that I had to run after him, so that is where it stemmed from.”
His Annaghdown club mate, Damien Comer, was actually smaller when they began playing together, seemingly better suited for the defence.
“Yeah, he was the smaller lad, throwing his head in everywhere. The tables are turned now. Damien would have been playing wing-back and wing-forward growing up, because he was of a smaller stature. You would know looking at him, he was always a smaller lad who had no fear. And now, he is a much bigger guy and he still has no fear.”
There were 20 places between the counties in the league, Galway beat Sligo in 2014, although Sligo won two and drew one of the three championship clashes with Galway in 2010 (draw and replay) and 2012.
A new research report published by Transparency Market Research states that the global refrigerated display cases market is expected to grow at a rapid pace due to technological developments in advanced refrigerators with unique temperature control features.
The report, titled “Refrigerated Display Cases Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2013 – 2019”, discusses the various types of refrigerators in the market and explains in detail the reasons supporting the growth of this market.
According to the research report, the global refrigerated display cases market was valued at US$8.8 bn in 2013 and is expected to reach US$16.3 bn by 2019, growing at a CAGR of 9.60% from 2013 to 2019. Refrigerated display cases or cabinets are mainly used for storing food products and other products that have to be kept or preserved at low temperatures.
Furthermore, the sudden increase in the number of cafes, restaurants, bakeries, and retail stores has given an impetus to the global refrigerated display cases market. The growth of this market is also being encouraged by changes in the eating habits of people, which are shifting towards frozen or chilled food items. The rising disposable incomes of consumers are also expected to augment the demand for refrigerated display cases market across the globe.
Obtain Brochure Of Report https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=1576
The global refrigerated display cases market is segmented on the basis of type of product, design, and geography. The types of products in the global refrigerated display cases market are plug-in (self-contained) and remote. In terms of design, this market is segmented into vertical – front open and horizontal – top open, and others such as hybrid or semivertical. Geographically, this market is segmented into Europe, North America, Asia Pacific, and Rest of the World.
Analysts predict that the demand for medium-sized and small stores will trigger the demand for plug-in refrigerated display cases, as they fit the constraints of a small budget, limited floor space, and power consumption. This trend will also be supported by the low installation time these units take and the ease of portability they offer. These reasons are making plug-in refrigerated display cases popular amongst store owners.
Get A Sample Report https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=S&rep_id=1576
Geographically, Asia Pacific holds a major share in the global refrigerated display cases market due to the contribution of emerging economies. The growth of the commercial sector with respect to restaurants, hotels, the catering industry, and the retail sector is fueling the demand for refrigerated display cases.
Some of the important players in the global refrigerated display cases market are United Technologies Corporation – Climate, Metalfrio Solutions S.A., Daikin Industries, Ltd., Beverage-Air Corporation, Epta S.p.A., Dover Corporation, Illinois Tool Works, Inc., Controls & Security Unit (Carrier), Hussmann International, Inc., AHT Cooling Systems GmbH, Lennox International, Inc., and Blue Star Ltd.
"If they legislate away Wickr's ability to do this, it'll be done elsewhere."
The CEO of the "preferred" encrypted communications app used by Australian prime minister Malcolm Turnbull has warned that if legislation takes away Wickr's ability to keep communications encrypted in Australia, just so law enforcement can keep catching bad guys, then other services will move in to replace it.
The Australian government is planning on introducing legislation in the near future that would force technology companies to comply with law enforcement requests to facilitate access to encrypted communications. The detail around how exactly this would work is almost non-existent, save for home affairs minister Peter Dutton and the Department of Home Affairs insisting it would not be a "back door" that would put at risk all encrypted communications. Popular US-based encrypted messaging app Wickr would likely be in the crosshairs of any legislation. BuzzFeed News can reveal Wickr received one request for access to user information held by Wickr, from an Australian law enforcement agency in the second half of 2017.
The nature of the app, however, means that what Wickr actually hands over to law enforcement is limited, CEO Joel Wallenstrom told BuzzFeed News. The information Wickr retains is just the date of account creation, the date of last use, the number of messages sent or received, and the type of device that the account was created on. Wickr has no access to the messages, he said. "We're really spectacularly committed to being cooperative with law enforcement," he said. "The key thing is that there is a mutual understanding of the limits of how we can help. "We get requests, we process them. We have no access to the actual messaging, so we are not technically capable of going beyond a certain boundary ... We do what we can, and we do that with speed. I think speed is the key thing."
He said if companies reconfigured how they operated so that law enforcement could access the content of messages when required, then people would just flock to other apps that didn't compromise their encryption in the same way. "You squish the balloon and everything goes to the other end." Regardless, Wallenstrom doesn't think the Australian government will push hard on encrypted communications companies. "I don't anticipate any real iron fist being dropped on [us]," he said. "The tension will create a reasonable conversation." Dutton has indicated that the government is in discussion with the companies about how best to tackle the issue, but indicated that legislation was still on the cards. One idea often raised by security experts to bypass encryption without breaking it is for law enforcement to push malicious software updates on the phone itself, and log the keys a user presses as they're typing in to an app like Wickr. This would enable it to capture one side of the conversation before it ever gets encrypted. Wallenstrom said that to go down this path would be a game of "whack-a-mole" with the more technically savvy users working out what a legitimate update to their phone looks like versus one that is not. The PM's "preferred" app.
Wallenstrom noted that Turnbull had been relatively open about his use of encrypted communications apps, including Wickr, in the past.
In 2015, before he usurped Tony Abbott as prime minister, it was reported that Turnbull had used Wickr to plot with other ministers. This was publicly confirmed when shortly after the 2016 election, it was revealed that Turnbull had been using Wickr to communicate with former PM Kevin Rudd about his – ultimately failed – bid to become the UN secretary-general. "You in fact sent me a message on your preferred Wickr system where you stated that you and the [foreign minister] were ‘as one' in your support for my candidature," Rudd said in a letter to Turnbull in May, 2016. Since then, BuzzFeed News has been attempting to get a hold of the Wickr conversation using Australia's freedom of information law. The prime minister's office rejected the request, saying no record of the conversation existed, in line with how Wickr functions. BuzzFeed News appealed to the Office of the Information Commissioner. In October last year, an advisor to the PM, Alistair Campbell, reported that back in February he attempted to examine the PM's phone for five minutes after Question Time, where he opened the Wickr app, found Kevin Rudd's username, and found no messages stored.
This demonstrates what Wallenstrom calls "data ephemerality", where Wickr can't access the messages, and ultimately the messages are not stored on the user's device if the user decides to let the messages expire.
It raises challenges for governments, particularly around compliance with Commonwealth archives law and freedom of information law, where documents related to the business of government – such as the discussion around Australia's support for Rudd's bid for the UN secretary-general – should be retained. The information commissioner, Timothy Pilgrim, is expected to make a decision on the case in the near future.
Josh Taylor is a Senior Reporter for BuzzFeed News and is based in Sydney. Contact Josh Taylor at josh.taylor@buzzfeed.com. Got a confidential tip? Submit it here.
The Santa Barbara County Arts Commission has announced the grant recipients of its spring 2013 Community Arts Enrichment Grants cycle.
On April 30, the Arts Commission received 13 grant applications for proposed projects throughout Santa Barbara County. The grants were reviewed by a panel made up of county arts commissioners from the first, second and fourth supervisorial districts, a member of the Santa Barbara Bowl Foundation and Arts Commission staff.
Nine grant applications were approved for funding in amounts ranging from $500 to $2,500.
The $13,700 available this grant cycle is the result of a strategic partnership with the Santa Barbara Bowl Foundation and the Arts Commission. Funds come from an established Arts Subsidy fund that earmarks 25 cents of every Bowl concert ticket sold going to support the program.
“The Community Arts Enrichment Grants are an example of an extraordinary collaborative partnership,” said county Supervisor Salud Carbajal, board chairman. “These grants bring the joy and creativity of art to the lives of some of our most underserved and rural populations.”
Community Arts Enrichment Grants are intended to support artists and arts and cultural organizations by funding projects and a variety of activities that enrich the lives of residents in Santa Barbara County.
“CAE grants have served as a catalyst for activating much-needed arts and cultural programs and opportunities for greater community engagement particularly in the county's rural and underserved communities,” said Ginny Brush, executive director of the County Arts Commission. “In many cases, CAE grants have supported access to arts and arts education opportunities in area schools.”
CAE grant funds will support a variety of new and innovative projects, joint and collaborative efforts that leverage community resources, and provide greater and more diverse participation in the arts. Several grants will fund much-needed arts programs for youth, such as the El Padrecito's Dance Studio program in Guadalupe that will provide a three-week Summer Dance Camp, and Providence Landing Park's Art and Music Camp for underserved youth in Vandenberg Village.
In addition, $2,500 in Community Arts Enrichment grants will support the ongoing efforts of the Solvang School Education Foundation, which provides 90 percent of funding for arts and music classes for more than 653 students in the Solvang School District. CAE Grant funds will provide support for poet Sojourner Kincaid Rolle to engage communities through poetry, spoken word events and oral presentations from Santa Ynez Valley to Carpinteria. Community Arts Enrichment Grant funds will help support the upcoming community Paint Out in Lompoc as part of its 25th anniversary celebration of its mural tradition.
CAE grant funds also encourage programs that maximize community resources through strategic partnerships. The partnership between the Santa Maria Corps Youth Development Program and the Orcutt Children's Art Foundation will provide funding and volunteer support for arts education at the Salvation Army Community Center for 25 underserved youth members ages 6 to 12.
Graham Farrar of the Bowl Outreach Committee, who sat on the recent review panel, had this to say about the Community Art Enrichment Grants: “We are pleased to be working in collaboration with the County Arts Commission on identifying and helping to support these groups within the Santa Barbara community that are providing much needed arts programing.”
These are just a few of the community projects supported this grant cycle. Project grantees will be required to provide a final report at the end of each program to the Arts Commission outlining the impact of this funding on their community. The next Cultural Arts Enrichment Grant Cycle will take place in the fall. Click here for grant information.
The Arts Commission is a division of the county's Community Services Department. Formed in 1977, the Santa Barbara County Arts Commission is a 15-member County Commission appointed by the county Board of Supervisors, with three members from each of the five supervisorial districts who make recommendations to the board on cultural arts policy. The Arts Commission serves as an umbrella for county arts projects, assists communities in raising funds for art programs and provides technical assistance and coordination to arts organizations, artists and local government. The Santa Barbara County Arts Commission is the regional cultural development agency, a state and local partner of the California Arts Council and manager of the County Percent for Art Program.
Click here for information on the programs and resources of the County Arts Commission.
— Ginny Brush is a executive director of the Santa Barbara County Arts Commission.
Fire and Emergency New Zealand has launched a review of its management of 111 calls on the night of a major storm in April that cut power to 200,000 homes in Auckland and cost insurers $72 million.
The review will determine whether any action is needed to manage future emergencies of that scale after 795 of the 111 calls were abandoned during transfer from an automated answering system.
Every abandoned call was returned later when there was capacity to follow up.
In one instance a caller waited 28 minutes from the time of their call until a fire appliance was dispatched to a potentially life-threatening situation where a person was trapped by a tree that fell on a house.
Advertisement
It comes at the same time as Auckland Council announced it would also conduct a review of the response by the city's emergency management agencies to the storm.
In total there were 2412 calls to Fire and Emergency between 6pm, April 10 and 4pm, April 11, when 140km/h hurricane winds and heavy rain ripped across Auckland and parts of New Zealand.
The weather event downed power lines that took weeks to be restored, toppled trees, caved in the roofs of houses and has been recorded as the fifth biggest storm this century.
By comparison Fire and Emergency received 366 calls during a similar timeframe when Cyclone Gita struck in early February.
At 8.46pm on April 10 all incoming police, fire and ambulance emergency calls were switched to an Interactive Voice Response [IVR] system.
The automated system was set up to assist emergency operators to manage high call volumes during major events by triaging them to the appropriate agency, Fire and Emergency office of the chief executive director Leigh Deuchars said.
This tree crushed the roof of a house on Don Buck Road in Massey after the powerful April 10 storm. Photo / Dean Purcell
When in operation the system answers 111 calls and gives callers a choice of agency through selection by number, relying on callers to enter the correct corresponding number for the emergency service they need.
However 795 calls transferred to Fire and Emergency through the IVR system were abandoned during the Auckland Storm event, Deuchars admitted in information released to the Herald under the Official Information Act.
Deuchars said the calls were either dropped because of the length of time they went unanswered or because the caller hung up.
She said Fire and Emergency could not determine the portion of calls that fell into the two categories but that every abandoned call was returned.
"For every call that was abandoned the caller was contacted as soon as communications centre staff had capacity to follow up on whether the caller was safe and still required assistance."
Of 23 calls that went to St John instead of Fire and Emergency and had to be transferred to fire communications staff, four were prioritised as potentially life-threatening situations.
One involved a person trapped in a house by a fallen tree. The call was made at 9.12pm, transferred at 9.32pm and an appliance dispatched at 9.40pm.
A woman was trapped in a car after it was hit by a falling tree in New North Rd, Kingsland, Auckland, during the storm. Photo / Dean Purcell.
Seven 111 calls were transferred from police to fire, but none were prioritised life-threatening.
Fire and Emergency has launched a review to determine whether any remedial action needed implementing to manage future emergencies of that magnitude.
Police said they received 819 emergency calls during the time the IVR was in place, 230 of those were hang ups later identified by police as non-urgent situations.
In the 12 hours from 5pm on April 10 until 5am the next day, police received 1496 emergency calls, about 500 more than usual.
In announcing the independent review of Auckland's emergency management agencies, mayor Phil Goff said the April storm was a "wake-up call" for Aucklanders to be prepared for increasingly more frequent weather events.
"This storm is yet another reminder that extreme weather events are becoming more frequent and can have devastating impacts," Goff said.
"Each time Auckland responds, we must take the opportunity to review our performance and look for ways to improve."
The review, scoped by Auckland Civil Defence and emergency management coordinating executive group, and endorsed by the council's civil defence and emergency management committee, will identify successes and areas for improvement as well as any steps that could be taken to mitigate future risks.
Three men have been found guilty of a multi-million dollar pokie machine fraud.
The Serious Fraud Office (SFO) said in a statement that the men were found to have manipulated gambling licenses and grants.
The fraud was detected in a joint investigation, "Operation Chestnut" involving the Department of Internal Affairs (DIA), the Organised and Financial Crime Agency of New Zealand and the SFO.
Michael Joseph O'Brien, 58, of Blenheim, Paul Anthony Max, 60, of Nelson and Kevin Coffey, 57, of Hastings, all faced charges of obtaining by deception.
Advertisement
In High Court at Wellington today, O'Brien was found guilty of five charges, Max guilty of three charges and Coffey guilty of one charge and not guilty of one other.
SFO director Julie Read said funding from pokie machines provided millions of dollars of community funding for sport, health, education and other activities every year.
"Operation Chestnut has been effective in enabling the DIA to pinpoint areas where compliance can be lifted in the sector so that pokie machine benefits can continue without the risk of manipulation or potential criminal activity," she said.
The investigation was a significant case in New Zealand for the "Class 4" gambling sector, which is made up of high-turnover gambling including gaming machines in pubs and clubs.
The three men were remanded in custody and are due to be sentenced on July 13.
Fuse is celebrating Pride Month by looking at a variety of rising forces who are creating Future LGBTQ History before our eyes. Today we're honoring Cakes da Killa, the loud and proud rapper whose strong sense of self has the potential to give an important and necessary LGBTQ representation in his chosen genre. While America as a whole has made huge strides in gay rights, acceptance and visibility, there are pockets where gay voices are still extremely rare, particularly in the hip-hop community. While there have been strides, those that do exist typically face difficulties or lack of full acceptance from their peers (see Migos' controversial response to ILoveMackonnen's coming out) with the question of how homophobic hip-hop is still commonly discussed in the media. In 2014, Cakes da Killa held an infamous interview with radio station Hot 97 (an accomplishment in and of itself, mind you) where host Ebro Darden praised the rising rapper's skills, but questioned if his perspective and use of masculine pronouns would be accessible to the larger hip-hop audience. Since then, Cakes went on to release his critically acclaimed, debut full-length album Hedonism in late 2016, marking a huge moment in his career, that continued to showcase himself in his authentic, true light while collaborating with artists of all walks of life and sexualities like Mykki Blanco, Rye Rye, Peaches and many more.
Cakes have been out since elementary school with a supportive mother to which he has shared helped shape his unapologetically queer viewpoint. "I always loved myself, but I think in this industry you have a lot of people telling you who you should be, how you should act, how you should talk," the 26-year-old told Fuse in a past interview (above). "I had to realize, 'Woah, I know who I am. I know what I'm about.' What I want people to get out of my music is that they should have a strong self of sense, live the way they want to and love yourself for who you are." Yet Cakes also knows that his confidence can dissuade even those who are part of the LGBTQ world. "There is a lot of self-hate in the gay community," he previously told NBC News. "So when gays see other boys wearing heels or wigs, sometimes they give that person the side eye, because some people are not comfortable with themselves." While the Jersey has constantly stressed the importance of the gay community supporting one another, the awareness he brings to his work is important in helping create tolerance to all music fans.
Would you keep a cockroach as a pet?
In Russia, keeping exotic animals getting is more and more popular each year.
Renneti took full advantage of the late absence of red-hot favourite Sutton Place to win the Keelings Irish Strawberry Hurdle at Faryhouse.
The Grade Two events looked at the mercy of Gordon Elliott's smart performer, but it was felt the ground was riding too fast for him, and stablemate Taglietelle, reducing the field to five.
Elliott still fielded three, and his De Plotting Shed led through the early exchanges before Walsh took proceedings into his own hands on Mullins' 5-2 chance, kicking on approaching the third-last.
De Plotting Shed stuck to his task, but Renneti, who has proved less than straightforward on occasions, was enjoying himself in front and bounded clear to win well.
In the opener, Diakali benefited from an excellent front-running ride by Ruby Walsh to win the Rathbarry & Glenview Studs Hurdle.
With former champion hurdler Jezki sent off the 6-5 favourite, Diakali was available to back at 9-4 and those punters who did so had very little to worry about.
Walsh made sure he went a good clip on the Willie Mullins-trained grey, who was fresh having had just the one run this season since returning from a lengthy absence.
Jezki looked beaten a long way out, but Stars Over The Sea travelled very well before tiring in the straight, having his first run since an outing on the Flat in October.
Walsh was able to give Diakali an easy time in the straight, winning by 20 lengths from Stars Over The Sea, with Hidden Cyclone third. Jezki was last of the five.
Walsh said: “He's not the most straight forward horse to train, but he was in great nick today. He jumped and galloped.
“He was a high-class horse in his day, and you wondered if he could get back to what he was as a juvenile.”
Meanwhile, Project Bluebook provided John Quinn with a welcome big-race winner when sprouting wings after the last to beat Dandy Mag in the Avoca Dunboyne Juvenile Hurdle.
Fourth in the Fred Winter at the Cheltenham Festival, Malton trainer Quinn stepped him up in class on the journey over to Ireland for the Grade Two heat.
Sent off at 9-2 under Barry Geraghty, the four-year-old put in a few sketchy leaps, including at the second-last when he was being manoeuvred for a run up the rail.
On the back foot after that, Dandy Mag and Paul Townend looked set to give Mullins a quickfire double as Ex Patriot's run began to flatten out.
Geraghty, riding like a man possessed, asked for everything, though, and Project Bluebook responded to win going away by half a length, with the result confirmed following a brief stewards' inquiry.
Dublin City Council has defended its use of hosepipes to clean the streets of Dublin and says it will use canal water to deliver a “reduced street washing service” while water restrictions are in place.
In a statement, the council said it was making “every effort to minimise water usage while at the same time trying to maintain a minimum level of service in the city”.
The statement follows a tweet posted on Monday morning that showed a photo of Dublin City Council road cleaning employees using power hoses to rinse down O'Connell Street.
The tweet, which has been liked near 2,000 times, carried the caption “All of Dublin on a hose pipe ban and Dublin city council are power washing O'Connell st”.
All of Dublin on a hose pipe ban and Dublin city council are power washing O'Connell st pic.twitter.com/x0UEcntv9f — RoisinMaguire (@RoisinMWhite) July 2, 2018
A month-long ban on watering gardens, washing cars or boats, and filling pools from public water supplies, using a hose, came into force in the greater Dublin area on Monday. It is likely to be extended to other areas by the end of the week. Any person who defies the ban could face a fine of up to €125.
In its statement, the council noted the ban applied to “domestic hosepipes only” but that in response to water restrictions in the Dublin area, the council cleaners would be using canal water to wash the streets while restrictions remain in place.
“We will seek to maintain a minimum level of washing on the main pedestrian routes within the city and areas where there are high levels of social activity particularly at weekends. This will be kept under close review.”
Irish Water said at the weekend it would follow up on reports of excessive water use but would only take action where they did not receive a positive response from the householder or there was “excessive and continuous usage” of water.
If Irish Water decides to take enforcement action, a notice will be served on the person alleged to have breached the order, giving them 21 days to pay €125. If this sum is paid, a prosecution will not be taken.
The water conservation order for the Greater Dublin Area will remain until July 31st as Irish Water monitors the situation nationally, with a decision later this week on whether to extend the ban to other parts of the country.
(WSVN) - A stunt driver has been killed during the filming of “Deadpool 2” after losing control of a motorcycle, Variety reports.
The Marvel sequel is currently filming in Vancover.
“Vancouver police can confirm that a female stunt driver has died on the set of ‘Deadpool' during a stunt on a motorcycle,” Vancouver Police said in a statement.
A stunt driver has died on the set of Deadpool during a stunt on a motorcycle. VPD & @WorkSafeBC investigators are at the scene. — Vancouver Police (@VancouverPD) August 14, 2017
The incident happened Monday morning, when the stuntwoman reportedly crashed through the glass of the ground floor studio.
A Canadian news network‘s crew said they witnessed the rider complete the stunt successfully four times, but said she lost control of the bike on the fifth attempt.
The name of the driver has not yet been released.
A spokesman for 20th Century Fox commented, “We are deeply saddened by the accident that occurred on the set of ‘Deadpool 2' this morning. Our hearts and prayers are with the family, friends and colleagues of our crew member during this difficult time.”
This isn't the first accident that has occurred on a film set recently.
Stuntman John Bernecker died in July after falling 20 feet onto a concrete floor while filming a scene for Season 8 of “The Walking Dead.”
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Climate change is affecting all nations by changing weather patterns, rising sea level, and more extreme weather events. As result of the greenhouse gas emissions the world's average surface temperature is projected too likely to surpass 3 degrees Celsius this century.
It needs to be coordinated at the international level and entails international collaboration to support developing countries move toward a low-carbon economy.
According to the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Chang for each 1 degree of temperature increase, grain yields decline by about 5 per cent. Maize, wheat and other major crops have experienced significant yield reductions at the global level of 40 mega tons per year between 1981 and 2002. From 1901 to 2010, the sea level rose by 19 cm as oceans expanded due to warming and ice melted.
Moreover, given current concentrations and on-going emissions of greenhouse gases, it is likely that by the end of this century, the increase in global temperature will exceed 1.5°C. Average sea level rise is predicted as 24 – 30cm by 2065 and 40-63cm by 2100. Most aspects of climate change will persist for many centuries even if emissions are stopped.
To address climate change, countries adopted the Paris Agreement at the COP21 in Paris on 12 December 2015. It entered into force, on 4 November 2016. All countries approved to limit global temperature rise to below 2 degrees Celsius, and given the serious risks, to attempt for 1.5 degrees Celsius. Implementation of this agreement is essential to achieve the Sustainable Development Goals, and offers a road ahead for climate activities that will reduce emissions and build climate resilience.
The Sustainable Development Goal of the United Nations – ‘Take urgent action to combat climate change and its impacts' indicates urgency to address effects of climate change by all nations of the world.
The poorest and most vulnerable people are being affected the most. For example, the Himalayan country of Nepal has neither plenty of industries nor an excessive quantity of burning fossil fuels; the problem of deforestation is also not very stern, but unusual and significant climate changes have been observed here. The gift of the industrialized nations to the globe, global warming has covered atmosphere of Nepal and glaciers in the Himalayas are melting fast. Without its own big fault Nepal is getting punishment of global warming.
The world heritage Mount Everest is also in threat of global warming. There are some factual ﬁndings to prove this. According to National Geographic news, a team sponsored by the United Nations Environment Program (UNEP) has found signs that the landscape of Mount Everest has changed signiﬁcantly since Sir Edmund Hillary and Tenzing Norgay ﬁrst conquered the peak in 1953. The next revelation is that the UNEP scientists based in the International Centre for Integrated Mountain Development (ICIMOD) have used satellite images and on the ground studies to pinpoint 44 glacial lakes in Nepal and Bhutan that are swollen and could burst anytime. Moreover, the photographs released by environmental groups show how the past 40 years of climate change are transforming the Himalayan landscape as ancient glaciers melt and retreat higher up the slopes.
These are the authentic revelations of international explorations. The results of these explorations are not overstatement. Many Sherpas and mountaineers, who regularly travel on the Himalayas, they also narrate many stories about lessening snow levels in the Himalayan glaciers. Snow in the Himalayas might become the stuff of fairy tale after a couple of decades. This forecast might be true or not; but we cannot ignore it, or completely reject it.
In the year 2009, Nepal's cabinet met at the base of Everest to highlight the impact of climate change on the Himalayas and adopted the Everest Declaration. Twenty-four of Nepal's cabinet members met at the base of Everest to highlight impact of climate change. Ministers wore oxygen masks and used microphones because the wind made it difﬁcult to hear. It is feared melting glaciers could cause water scarcity affecting one billion people. The ministers adopted 10-point Everest Declaration which increases the area of Nepal's protected land.
“The Himalayas are important not only for the people of Nepal but for 1.3 billion people who depend on waters from the mountains for their livelihoods,” said Nepal's then Prime Minister Madhav Kumar Nepal at the cabinet meeting.
The 10-point Everest Declaration the cabinet adopted includes increasing the protected area of Nepal's land from 20 percent to 25 percent, developing communities' capacity to cope with climate change and working together with other countries to mitigate the impact of global warming.
The declaration also supported developed countries' plans to contribute 1.5 percent of GDP to a climate fund and bring down greenhouse gases to pre-industrialization levels.
“The earth is our common abode,” said the Prime Minister Nepal. “To save the earth the biggest sacriﬁce is needed from nations producing enormous amounts of carbon.”
Nepal, along with over 150 other countries, signed the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) at the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development (UNCED) in Rio de Janeiro in June 1992. Nepal ratiﬁed the convention on 2nd May in 1994, and this convention came into force on 31st July in 1994.
Environmentally signiﬁcant greenhouse gases are changing due to both natural and human factors and contributing to global warming. The major sources of water are glaciers, snowmelts from the Himalayas, rainfall and ground water. The glaciers of the Himalayas are the renewable storehouse of fresh water which serve as the perennial source of several rivers in the country.
One of the most alarming results of climate change was observed in the Tsho Rolpa glacial lake, has grown considerably over the last 50 years due to glacial melting in the Himalayas, is the most dangerous glacial lake in Nepal. It is situated at an elevation of 4,580 meters above sea level at the source of the Rolwaling River in the Tama Koshi basin, north of the capital Kathmandu. The lake has swollen, containing nearly 100 million cubic meters of water. It was reported that if it burst, the Tsho Rolpa could affect life and property as far away as 100 kilometres downstream.
In 2003, the Kawari glacier lake, situated in the foothills of the Annapurna II mountain, burst, destroying property worth US $100,000. Five people were killed, and dozens rendered homeless.
The dangerous effect of global warming and snow melting was observed during the excess ﬂood in the Koshi river of Nepal in 2008. The abnormal ﬂood in Koshi river broke the dam, killed countless lives and deserted vast lands of eastern Nepal and northern Bihar of India.
The threats and risks of climate change have manifested not only in the melting of the Himalayan glaciers but are also seen as the root cause of violent storm surges. Nepal is not the only country affected by the Himalayan glacial melting and climate change; almost all the countries of the region around the Himalayas are severely suffering.
Environmental campaigners refer to the Himalayas as the “third pole” and say the melting glaciers are the biggest potential contributors to rising sea levels after the north and south poles.
All Himalayan nations have felt effects of climate change, with cattle and sheep herders having to seek grazing at higher altitudes. Climate change poses the highest threat to those indigenous people who have contributed the least to carbon emissions.
The Himalayas are the source of the world's seven largest rivers and supply water to 40 percent of its population. As snow reservoirs run out at an alarming rate, millions of people dependent on glacial water will be directly affected. By 2050 there may be a 75 percent retreat of glaciers in the Tibetan Plateau, which supply water to about 40 percent of the global population; Himalayan glacier melt is a global water issue.
Glaciers in the Himalayas, a 2,400-km range that sweeps through Pakistan, India, China, Nepal and Bhutan, provide headwaters for Asia's largest rivers, a lifeline for people who live downstream. With 1.3 billion people dependents on the water that ﬂows down from the melting Himalayan glaciers, it is essential to tackle the impact of climate change.
Graduate of TU, Shrestha ent on to Italy to complete his further studies and studied at the institute for Studies on Economic Development and the Italian Civil Service High institute. He has also studied at the University of Connecticut, USA. He worked under Ministry of Finance, Nepal as Under Secretary and has been associated with the United Nations Development Program (UNDP) Sierra Leone and South Sudan and UNMISS.
Click here if you are unable to view this gallery on a mobile device
BYRON — As many as seven fires aided by heavy winds were burning Wednesday near Byron Highway, fire officials say.
Initial calls came just before 1:10 p.m., with firefighters from Cal Fire and Contra Costa and Alameda counties' fire departments responding to multiple fires in Byron and an unrelated one in Brentwood.
By 5 p.m., crews appeared to have stopped forward motion on the flames, with some crews demobilizing their equipment and other crews in mop-up mode.
#GrantFire [update] near Grantline Rd and Mountain House Rd, Altamont Area (Alameda County) is 7 wildfires now totaling 500 acres. pic.twitter.com/LwZH9xymaW — CAL FIRE (@CAL_FIRE) May 30, 2018
According to a California Department of Forestry Twitter post just before 3:30 p.m., 500 acres burned in what officials are calling the Grant Fire.
One of those fires, confirmed by Battalion Chief Ross Macumber of the East Contra Costa Fire Protection District, was in the area of Camino Diablo and Byron Highway. That fire peaked at about 60 acres.
Emergency crews arriving on scene now. Helicopter with Cal Fire performing water drops. pic.twitter.com/iOpgJLrD0J — Byron-Bethany I.D. (@ByronBethanyID) May 30, 2018
The other was along Byron Highway and the Lazy M Marina along Clifton Court Road, and peaked at about 250 acres. Crews also were investigating reports of several other fires in the area near Walnut Boulevard and Marsh Creek Road, with undetermined acreage so far.
All students, teachers & staff at Mountain House School (3950 Mountain House Rd) are accounted for and have safely exited. Mountain House Rd remains closed. #GrantFire pic.twitter.com/lUc88cz3vC — Alameda County Fire (@AlamedaCoFire) May 30, 2018
According to KTVU, Mountain House School had ordered a shelter in place for students and teachers, but a tweet from Alameda County Fire confirmed that the students and staff were able to leave the school safely. Meanwhile, Campos Family Winery told the TV station there was heavy smoke in the area but they were outside the immediate area of the fires. The winery remained open for business.
Alameda County Fire Dept photos from the #GrantFire causing road closures… https://t.co/G7AcL6LWHQ — Alameda County (@AlamedaCounty) May 30, 2018
The area between Camino Diablo and Byron Highway is heavily used by commuters. The California Highway Patrol indicated that crews closed Byron Highway between Camino Diablo to the San Joaquin County line, and Contra Costa county roads crews closed Byron Highway between Highway 205 and Highway 4.
Strong, gusty winds flowing down from the hills pick up speed & further dry out the air making it a tougher battle for crews at #GrantFire. pic.twitter.com/JKaJvxwHQI — Sandhya Patel (@SandhyaABC7) May 30, 2018
Wind gusts of up to 40 mph in the hilly areas and 22 mph in lower elevations were blowing Wednesday in that area, according to the National Weather Service.
Start your day with the news you need from the Bay Area and beyond.
Sign up for our ew Morning Report weekday newsletter.
“Crews are assessing what needs to be done. It's a concern, because there are pretty heavy winds,” Macumber said. “It's cooler and that helps with crew fatigue but these winds are still very heavy.”
Check back for updates.
Movie mogul Harvey Weinstein has denied the actress Ashley Judd's specific sexual harassment allegations against him.
The Divergent star, 49, was quoted in an explosive report published by the New York Times on Thursday, in which multiple women alleged Weinstein, 65, had made inappropriate sexual advances towards them.
Judd told the newspaper that as a young actress Weinstein had invited her to a business meeting at the Peninsula Beverly Hills hotel and asked her to come up to his room, where he allegedly asked her to give him a massage and watch him shower.
In response to her allegation Weinstein told the New York Post's Page Six gossip column that he had “never laid a glove on her”.
He added, “After this supposed incident, which she says was in 1997 while filming Kiss The Girls, I took her to an Academy Award party where we were photographed smiling. She claimed to the Times she never worked with me again. She did two movies with me - Frida, which came out in 2002, and Crossing Over with Harrison Ford, released in 2009.”
Judd alleged the incident was part of a sustained harassment campaign, saying, “I said no, a lot of ways, a lot of times, and he always came back at me with some new ask. It was all this bargaining, this coercive bargaining.”
The actress' accusations are one of many aired in the New York Times' report, which also named Charmed actress Rose McGowan, 44, as one of Weinstein's alleged victims.
It is alleged that he agreed settlements with multiple sexual harassment accusers, including an unnamed actress and an unidentified Italian model.
After the claims were published Weinstein wrote in a statement that he was taking a “leave of absence” from his firm and apologised for causing colleagues “a lot of pain” in the past.
However he denies the specifics of the report and has announced he is planning to sue New York Times bosses for $50 million.
Weinstein is one of Hollywood's top producers, with his films having earned more than 300 Academy Award nominations.
Based on a report by news.com.au, some Australian cities are vulnerable to long droughts similar to the one that recently caused a water shortage in Cape Town. Australians from different states are looking for ways to stock up on water. RapidPlas offers various sized water tanks for residents.
[TAMWORTH, 31/05/2018] — In 2015, a catastrophic drought in Western Cape, South Africa resulted in a critical shortage of water in the region, mainly affecting the city of Cape Town. Today, climate change specialists have named some Australian cities as vulnerable to a drought similar to the one in South Africa.
Severe Water Shortage
If Australia were subjected to a drought, Brisbane would be the most vulnerable state capital to be affected by a severe water shortage. With several desalination plants already installed and operating, Adelaide and Perth are the best-equipped states to endure the shortage of water. However, without desalination plants, Canberra, Darwin and Hobart would have no water at all during a major drought.
Based on data from the Cross Dependency Initiative, Adelaide and Perth would even be able to offer sufficient levels of water to neighbouring states, while Sydney would only be able to provide enough water to meet necessities such as hygiene and consumption needs for residents.
Rohan Hamden a specialist on climate control, it was likely that Adelaide and Perth would only have sufficient water for residential properties, while agricultural and commercial would have to go without.
Using Water Tanks to Stock Water
RapidPlas offers a broad range of slimline corrugated rainwater tanks that are suitable for residential and commercial purposes. Their range of small water tanks can hold capacities between 500 litres to 5,000 litres. Each tank comes with a dust cover, a stainless-steel strainer and an overflow kit.
All their tanks are manufactured based on the standards of AS/NZS 4766. This assures clients that RapidPlas provides long-lasting rainwater tanks
About RapidPlas
Established in 1990, RapidPlas is family owned and operated business that manufactures and supplies agricultural, residential and commercial polyethylene products such as fertiliser tanks, water and feed troughs and more.
Visit https://rapidplas.com.au/ for more product details.
One of the most alarming things about hidden hunger is that it does not make one feel hungry in the normal way at all, but has a deep impact on core health.
Hidden hunger is caused by micronutrient deficiencies and is a kind of undernutrition that occurs when intake and absorption of vitamins and minerals are too low to sustain good health and development, timesofindia.indiatimes.com wrote.
Affecting mostly children, doctors and pediatricians said that even healthy-looking kids might be deficient in vitamin A, B2, B12 and C, iron, trace minerals like iodine, zinc, etc.
The causes
Consultant pediatrician Dr. Mukesh Sanklecha said, "The main reason of hidden hunger in infants and children today is a lack of adequate minerals and vitamins in the food."
The impact
Micronutrients are essential for both the overall mental and physical well-being of a child and deficiencies have an adverse and long-term impact.
Experts said that a deficiency of micronutrients can cause low levels of immunity and lead to impaired cognitive and motor development, stunted growth, low immune response, less capacity to do physical work, and increased mortality and morbidity.
Dealing with it
Experts suggested that the most effective way of dealing with hidden hunger is by adopting certain food-based approaches.
Clinical nutritionist Dr. Zubeda Tumbi said, "Strategies like diet diversification and food fortification are primarily aimed at ensuring that the child's diet consists of adequate quantities of micronutrients."
Diet diversification involves food items from different food groups in the diet to meet the micronutrient requirements.
Experts said that it is not feasible to fulfil all micronutrients from one or two food groups and thus, regular intake of various foods from different groups in adequate quantities and variety is required.
Hence, it is important to consume a variety of cereals, fruits and vegetables.
On the other hand, food fortification is enrichment of the food items by increasing their micronutrient content.
Tumbi said, "Add small quantities of vitamins and minerals to foods like rice, wheat flour, salt and milk to enhance their nutritional value."
Fortified infant cereals are rich in micronutrients and effective in overcoming nutritional deficiencies.
Pediatrician Dr. Indu Khosla said, "Children's nutritional needs are much more than that of an adult and hence, thorough measures need to be taken to fulfil these requirements."
Sanklecha added, “Some doctors feel that only increasing diversity in food may not be the only solution.
"Medicinal supplementation or fortified supplements is another solution."
Questions, Comments or News Stories Contact Owner/Publisher Jonathan Taylor 410-422-2948 Or email me at jtlesn@comcast.net
Kilauea Eruption Update
This is a Civil Defense Message for 12 noon, Wednesday, May 30, 2018.
Hawaiian Volcano Observatory reports that lava from several fissures continues to advance toward the Kapoho area. Residents of Kapoho Beach Lots and Vacationland are advised to evacuate. You are at risk of being isolated due to possible lava inundation of Beach Road near Four Corners.
Due to the lava activity the following policies are in effect:
Flows are estimated to be less than 1/2 mile from Highway 137, north of Ahalenui County Park. Beach Road is restricted to resident traffic from Four Corners to Hawaiian Beaches to allow continued evacuations.
Cell Phone and Telephone landline communications in the Kapoho area have been severely limited due to downed power and telephone lines. Please contact friends and relatives to make sure they're safe.
Highway 132 is closed.
Stay tuned to local radio stations for updates from Civil Defense.
Due to changing conditions, the following is provided for your information:
The Dept. of Health has received reports of children using N95 masks in school and outside. Please be advised masks are not intended for use by children or infants. Reduce their exposure by keeping them inside.
High concentrations of sulfur dioxide (SO 2 ) are still present in the Leilani Estates area, where fissures continue to emit gasses.
) are still present in the Leilani Estates area, where fissures continue to emit gasses. Residents close to any volcanic activity should remain alert and be prepared to voluntarily evacuate if necessary.
A meeting to discuss vog and ash exposure is scheduled in the Kau District at the Robert Herkes Gym in Pahala at 5:30 in the evening.
The following is provided for your information:
Cell Phone and Telephone landline communications in the Kapoho area have been severely limited due to downed power and telephone lines.
Stay tuned to local radio stations for updates from Civil Defense.
The Dept. of Health has changed the venue for today's meeting to discuss vog and ash exposure in the Ka‘u District. It will be at the Robert Herkes Gym and Emergency Shelter in Pahala at 5:30 p.m. tonight (May 30).
Due to the volcanic activity, the following policies are in effect:
Residents close to the active eruption need to leave the area to avoid being isolated by the flow.
Authorities are going door to door on the affected streets.
Stay alert for warnings from Civil Defense Officials
The Pahoa Community Center, Keaau Community Center, and Sure Foundation Church are open. The shelters are pet-friendly.
Due to the lava entry at the ocean, the following policies are in effect:
Access to the area is prohibited due to the laze hazard.
Stay away from any ocean plume since it can change direction without warning.
The U.S. Coast Guard is actively monitoring the ocean entry area and enforcing a 300-meter standoff zone. Only permitted tour boats are allowed in the area.
Health hazards of laze include lung, eye and skin irritation.
Be aware that the laze plume travels with the wind and can change direction without warning.
Tankers are providing drinking water in Vacationland & Kapoho.
For those evacuating, the Pahoa Community Center, Keaau Community Center, and Sure Foundation Church are open. Food will be provided and the shelters are pet-friendly.
Get the latest Vog Predictions here: mkwc.ifa.hawaii.edu/vmap/
Sulfur Dioxide (SO 2 ) and Vog
Volcanic gas emissions remain elevated throughout the area downwind of the vents in lower Puna.
Severe conditions may exist such as choking and inability to breathe.
Sulfur Dioxide (SO 2 ) gas from fissures are especially dangerous for elderly, children/babies and people with respiratory problems.
County, State, and Federal partners continue to monitor the situation. You will be informed of any conditions that affect your safety.
Monitor vog levels and forecasts: People on Hawaii Island outside the area of volcanic activity are also advised to monitor levels of vog at vog.ivhhn.org
The residents of Puna are going through a very difficult time. We ask for your help and understanding.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
Google
Tumblr
More
Print
LinkedIn
Pocket
Email
Carrie Moscardelli placed third in the nation for her essay entry. Meeting of the minds contestants Kenneddi Mastin, Angel Mastin, Asia Nguyen and Reese Miller also placed third nationally.
The rapid response team of Chance Heinz, Faith Kowal, Emma Pierucki, Amelia Gann, Savannah Stubblefield, Denton Dodson and Moscardelli placed within the nation's top 10.
The students paid for the academic field trip through fundraising efforts. They sponsored school dances, spirit nights at local restaurants, worked concession stands at football and basketball games and they worked with the community to hold a father-daughter and mother-son movie and dinner night.
In addition to the Beta Club conference, the students also received a private tour of the Kennedy Space Center where they piloted a simulated space landing, experienced a gyrosphere and zero gravity. In their spare time, they visited three of the four Disney parks. This year, the club hopes to participate in several upcoming events, including a Beta Club competition Sept. 25-26 in Hot Springs, Ark., the state Beta Club convention, which will be in November at the Opryland Hotel in Nashville, and the National Beta Club convention scheduled for June 13-16 in Savannah, Ga.
JAMBI, Indonesia (AP) " Dozens of inmates escaped early Wednesday from an overcrowded prison in western Indonesia after floods caused a wall to collapse, officials said.
Torrential rain overnight inundated homes and buildings in Jambi, the capital of Jambi province on Sumatra island.
The head of the provincial Law and Human Rights Ministry, Bambang Palasara, said at least 21 prisoners had been recaptured and about 30 others were still at large. He said the prison was designed to house 350 inmates but had 1,238.
Local police chief Brig. Gen. Priyo Widyanto said more than 100 policemen, soldiers and city security officers were guarding and evacuating inmates from the prison, which was still partly flooded.
Advertisement
The prison's extreme overcrowding has frequently triggered unrest. Dozens of inmates escaped in March during a riot in which one block of the prison was set on fire. Some are believed to still be at large.
Jailbreaks are common in Indonesia, where overcrowding has become a problem in prisons that are struggling to cope with poor funding and an influx of people arrested in a war on drugs. Most prisoners have been convicted on drug charges.
Last month, more than 440 prisoners escaped from a penitentiary in neighboring Riau province when they were let out of their cells to take part in Friday Muslim prayers. In July 2013, about 240 prisoners, including several convicted terrorists, escaped during a deadly riot at a prison in Medan, the capital of North Sumatra province.
LONDON (AP) — HSBC says the U.S. Department of Justice will ask a court to dismiss deferred criminal charges against the London-based bank in recognition of its efforts to strengthen safeguards against money laundering.
The bank says it has lived up to all of its commitments under a five-year deferred prosecution agreement that has now expired and U.S. authorities will file a motion to dismiss the charges deferred by that deal.
The move marks a significant step for the global bank, which signed the agreement to avoid charges for allegedly laundering millions of dollars from Mexican drug barons and countries facing U.S. sanctions.
HSBC Chief Executive Stuart Gulliver says the bank is better able to fight financial crime "as the result of the significant reforms we have implemented over the last five years."
The Government should incentive young nurses and consultants to encourage them to return and work in the Irish health service, a senior hospital manager has urged.
Colette Cowan, chief executive of the University of Limerick Hospital Group said the most important thing about (securing the services) of graduate nurses was to capture them before they left the country. She said in past years Ireland was slow at doing that and young graduates would go to the UK very quickly.
She told the Oireachtas health committee on Wednesday that from talking to intern students she found they had a real problem around accommodation.
“They can't get accommodation when they qualify. They can't afford accommodation.They can't travel from home because they can't get access to transport in rural areas or they can't get a driving test. These are real problems for these young people.”
She said they needed support and training when they came onto the floor in dealing with real, front line pressures.
“That is what turns them off sometimes and makes them leave the country. They need support to deal with public expectation because they are the front point of contract when people are under pressure and also professional expectation of them.”
Ms Cowan said she really did think “we have to incentivise them to stay around accommodation and transport and such things”.
“That is not just nurses, that is every level and profession in the country. It is the same thing about consultants to attract them back into the country.We need to make some other offering to get them to come back to work in our services .”
“That will solve the waiting lists, theatre problems, the opening of beds and everything else as we will have our own staff retained”, she said.
Non-emergency treatment
Meanwhile, the HSE's national director for acute hospitals suggested there was evidence that patients seeking elective or non-urgent treatment were being “crowded out” of hospitals.
Liam Woods said pressures on emergency departments caused by increased demand and largely static bed capacity were creating a challenge in terms of access to elective care.
He told the Oireachtas health committee that “notwithstanding the extraordinary measures taken over the winter period to manage emergency activity, there is evidence to suggest that access to elective care is being crowded out”.
He said members of the health committee were well aware of the challenges facing the HSE and, more importantly patients, in accessing out-patient and in-patient/day case services in public hospitals.
He said this was despite the significant volume of activity undertaken in public hospitals which see 3.3 million out-patients and carry out 1.7 million procedures annually.
At the end of June there were 511,415 patients on waiting lists for a first out-patient appointment with a hospital consultant and 78,014 queuing for a surgical procedure, Mr Woods said.
However, he maintained that the HSE had “begun to make progress in this area”.
“This is most evident in the numbers of patients waiting for a hospital in-patient or day case procedure where in July 2017 the numbers waiting stood at a high of 86,100.
The most recent figures represent a fall of more than 8,000 or 9.4 per cent in less than 12 months.
“Latest figures also show that 58 per cent of patients who are on the waiting list for an in-patient or day case procedure are waiting less than 6 months and 83 per cent are waiting less than 12 months.”
Age of patients
Mr Woods also told the committee that the rise in the number of people on trolleys in hospital emergency departments in the first 4 months of 2018 was due to increased attendances and the age and acuity of the patients who presented.
He said more than 2,200 people aged over 65 had to be admitted due to influenza with 85 requiring treatment in intensive care facilities during the 2017/18 flu season.
However he said the trolley numbers had stabilised after April and the figures in May showed a 2.5 per cent improvement on the situation at the same time last year.
Mr Woods said a “key challenge for most hospitals is the lack of sufficient isolation facilities or single rooms required to ensure that infection control issues are managed appropriately”.
“As a result patients can wait for significant periods for suitable accommodation.”
The director of scheduled and unscheduled care performance in the Department of Health, Paul Bolger said “to match the increase in demand for services and to reduce waiting times substantially and sustainably, the implementation of the reform programme set out in Slaintecare is required”.
Tragedy struck on the set of ‘Deadpool 2' as a stunt woman died as she was thrown through the air and through a windowpane.
TMZ is reporting that the woman lost control of the motorcycle and was not movie after flying thorough the glass.
They are also reporting that the stunt woman did not apply brakes before the crash.
You can read more and hear the 911 call right HERE.
ISLAMABAD (AP) — A Pakistani court has ordered the arrest of a radical Islamist cleric over a violent rally last November in Islamabad where his followers demanded the removal of a minister over an omitted reference to Islam's Prophet Muhammad in a parliamentary bill.
The order was handed to the police on Tuesday to take into custody Khadim Hussain Rizvi, the head of the Tehreek-i-Labaik Ya Rasool Allah party, and bring him before the court on April 4.
Rizvi is accused of provoking violence and damaging public property when he and his followers camped out on the edge of Islamabad demanding Law Minister Zahid Hamid resign over the omission in the bill.
A police crackdown against the rally failed at the time, forcing authorities to reach a negotiated settlement with Rizvi. Hamid resigned.
Index Markets Research offers a detailed research on Global Buckwheat Market with the future prospects of the market to provide the current state and emerging trends in the market. The report covers methodical outlook by considering aspects such as market growth, market demands, business strategies, consumption volume, market trends and industry cost structure during the forecast period 2018-2025. New vendors in the market are facing tough competition from established international vendors as they struggle with technological innovations, reliability and quality issues. The Prominent Manufacturers included Homestead Organics, Birkett Mills, Galinta IR Partneriai, Wels Ltd., Krishna India, Ningxia Newfield Foods Co. Ltd., Ladoga LLC, UA Global Inc., Sichuan Huantai Industrial Co., Ltd., Jinan Jinnuoankang Biotech Co., Ltd..
The Buckwheat Market report includes a brief on these trends that can help the businesses operating in the industry to understand the market and strategize for their business expansion accordingly. The research report analyzes the market size, industry share, growth, key segments, CAGR and key drivers. In this part, the report presents the company profile, product specifications, capacity, production value, and 2013-2018 market shares for each company. Through the statistical analysis, the report depicts the global total market of Buckwheat industry including capacity, production, production value, cost/profit, supply/demand and import/export. The total market is further divided by company, by country, and by application/type for the competitive landscape analysis.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-buckwheat-market/10141/#requestforsample
The Buckwheat Market report gives a description of the competitive nature of the market, market shares, and its growth rates based on 5-year history data along with company profile of key players/manufacturers. The Porter's Five Forces model and the SWOT analysis are also a fraction of this study so as to assist businessmen in recognizing the spirited background of the market. This is The market report integrates a study of the investment charisma of the market, and the end consumers have been standardized based on their general attractiveness, rate of development, and size of the market.It provides overview with growth analysis and historical & futuristic cost, revenue, volume delivered (in kilo tons) and the income it produces (in US$), demand and supply data (as applicable). The research analysts provide an elaborate description of the value chain and its distributor analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Buckwheat Market Products Type Segmentation : Unhulled Buckwheat, Raw Buckwheat, Roasted Buckwheat.
Buckwheat Market Applications Segmentation : Food Industry, Beverage Industry, Cosmetics Industry, Textile Industry, Others.
Key Highlights of the Buckwheat Market :
1) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
2) Analyze the opportunities in the market for stakeholders by identifying the high growth segments.
3) It depicts parameters such as production value, capacity in a statistical format that is accurately fathomed by the readers.
4) Strategically analyze each submarket with respect to individual growth trend and their contribution to the market.
5) Strategically profile the key players and comprehensively analyze their growth strategies.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-buckwheat-market/10141/#inquiry
In the conclusion, The Buckwheat market downstream consumer analysis, upstream raw materials, different types of equipment are concealed in the report. Research findings, conclusions, industry feasibility analysis, vendors and traders involved, appendix data and figures in the form of tables, graphs, and pie-charts.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Dallas Cowboys running back Ezekiel Elliott (21) stretches before practice during rookie minicamp at the Dallas Cowboys headquarters at Valley Ranch in Irving on Saturday, May 7, 2016. (Vernon Bryant/The Dallas Morning News)
Although Cowboys players have been working out on their own at The Star for weeks, Monday marks the first day of voluntary team workouts.
Head coach Jason Garrett is not allowed to take part in these activities. The strength and conditioning staff are the only coaches permitted on the field with the players during this stretch known as "Phase One."
This phase lasts for two weeks and is limited to strength and conditioning activities.
According to the NFL Players Association, players are only allowed on the field for 90 minutes and workouts are limited to four hours. Teams can only specify two hours for players to be at the facility. Players decide what to do with the other two hours.
Phase Two begins on May 1. Garrett and the entire coaching staff will be allowed to attend those workouts, which last three weeks.
While this time is considered voluntary, almost the entire Cowboys roster is expected to attend.
Welcome to today's Aston Villa live blog for Thursday, June 15.
It's transfer season!
Aston Villa don't expect to be as busy this summer as they have in previous windows - certainly not with incoming signings anyway.
But there is still set to be plenty of movement at Bodymoor Heath as Villa boss Steve Bruce looks to mould his squad for a crack at Championship promotion. Last season's 13th place finish was not good enough and the Lions will have designs on a top two automatic promotion placing in 2017-18.
Bruce and chief executive Keith Wyness have both admitted that there could be a double-figure exodus of players out of the club to generate cash for fresh arrivals.
We'll be keeping a close eye on any potential ins and outs as well as keeping you up to date with all of the other news and gossip emerging from Villa Park and Bodymoor Heath.
As ever we want to hear from you, so please send us your thoughts over Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/astonvillanews/ or on Twitter at @ AVFC_News .
Stay tuned for updates throughout the day!
In a meeting of the reality-show minds at the White House today, weight-loss lollipop peddler Kim Kardashian West and President Donald Trump are going to put their heads together to tackle prison reform. Wait, what? Yes, this is going to happen.
The two, with White House adviser Jared Kushner, White House counsel Donald McGahn and Kardashian's personal lawyer, Shawn Chapman Holley, will reportedly gather in the Oval Office today.
The goals, Kardashian has said, are to get Alice Marie Johnson's case in front of Trump and to secure a presidential pardon.
Sandwiched in between tweets about her makeup line and cardio routine, Kardashian has been not-so-quietly advocating for criminal-justice reform.
Advertisement
She has highlighted the cases of two women, Johnson and Cyntoia Brown. Johnson is a 62-year-old great-grandmother who was imprisoned in 1996 and is serving a life sentence for a first-time, nonviolent drug offence. Brown, 30, was sentenced to life in prison in 2004 for killing a man when she was 16, although many have argued that she was a victim of sex trafficking.
Over the past few months, Kardashian has been in talks with Kushner - whose job description has included fixing the criminal-justice system, as well as the Middle East, veterans affairs, Chinese diplomacy and the opioid crisis - about Johnson's case.
According to Vanity Fair, Kardashian first contacted Ivanka Trump, also a White House adviser, about the issue, and Trump connected the Keeping Up With the Kardashians star to her husband, Kushner.
At a White House event on prison reform earlier this month, Kushner said that "the single biggest thing that we want to do is really define what the purpose of a prison is. Is the purpose to punish, is the purpose to warehouse or is the purpose to rehabilitate?"
Kushner has a personal connection to the issue. His father, real estate developer Charles Kushner, served a year in a federal prison for tax evasion and illegal campaign contributions.
Kim Kardashian West will meet with Jared Kushner and other officials at the White House today to discuss prison reform, a source says https://t.co/cYE6JvfeN7 pic.twitter.com/NwS7HOpH1F — CNN Breaking News (@cnnbrk) May 30, 2018
Congress, with Jared Kushner's urging, passed the First Step Act last week, a bill aimed at lowering the recidivism rate by earmarking US$50 million annually for educational and vocational training and mental-health treatment in federal prisons.
"Where I'm at in my life right now, just like, to go and spend my money buying material things just doesn't satisfy me the way that it used to," Kardashian said in an interview with Mic, which reported on Johnson's case in 2017. "To save someone's life and do that once a year, then that would make (my) heart fuller."
In a letter written to Kardashian and obtained by TMZ, Johnson thanked the reality star for her efforts, including the help of Holley, who was once a member of OJ Simpson's "dream team" alongside Kardashian's late father, Robert Kardashian.
"Ms Kardashian you are literally helping to save my life and restore me to my family," she wrote. "I was drowning and you have thrown me a life jacket and given me hope."
"This is so much bigger than either of us," Johnson wrote in the letter, which also referenced civil rights icon Rosa Parks. "I believe that history will record that Kim Kardashian had the courage to take a stand against human warehousing and was a key figure in meaningful criminal justice reform becoming a reality."
In only its second year, the revamped Man Booker International Prize for Fiction has further consolidated its relevance with a dramatic choice; the award has been won by a major literary figure, Israel's David Grossman, with A Horse Walks into a Bar.
Nick Barley, chair of the 2017 judging panel, described it “an ambitious high-wire act of a novel”, which Grossman “pulled off spectacularly”.
The diverse and impressive shortlist of six novels comprised four men and two women, representing five countries and five languages. There were two Israelis: Grossman and Amos Oz; three Europeans: Mathias Énard of France, Norwegian Roy Jacobsen and Danish writer Dorthe Nors, and one South American: Argentine Samanta Schweblin, who filled the role of an exciting dark horse to an outcome which many observers saw as being decided between the Israelis.
A Horse walks into a Bar, which was among the most widely praised books published last year, will not only be a popular winner but will delight Grossman's international readership which was established as long ago as the publication of his second novel, See Under: Love.
Ironically, the winning novel featuring a despairing, often strident, at times coarse, stand-up comedian regaling his life's story to a bewildered nightclub audience looking for entertainment, not a confession, has been written by the most unassuming of men.
Many things make A Horse Walks into A Bar intriguing, not least the fact that Grossman chose to adopt such a stark, raw and uncharacteristically brash tone. His central character, a stand-up comic in meltdown, has reached a point of no return. Few of Grossman's readers would have expected Dovaleh G to make quite as raucous an entrance, never mind to fire off some preliminary sexist comments at an audience member. This is a novel which demands – and rewards – patience.
Grossman, a teller of truths, of gentle of voice, firm in resolve, and Oz have both often been cited as likely contenders for the Nobel Prize literature laureate.
Criticism at home
Now 63, Grossman has been criticised in his homeland for being too reasonable. As an Israeli, he has committed the unpardonable offence of questioning his country's occupation of Palestinian territories. He has always been brave and outspoken, yet capable of writing literary fiction, which has been recognised as exactly that and not merely as polemic.
In person he is a slight, intense, articulate man with an obvious, if somehow modest belief in his own work. He has a mission and has never forgotten that even at the time he was being applauded internationally for See Under: Love, his second novel, he was being described as the journalist whose volume of reportage, The Yellow Wind, had presented so objective an examination of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict that the only country to be angered by it was Israel.
His fearless stance, based on nine weeks' living in the occupied territories, speaking with and listening to, both sides, cost him his job. Grossman never returned on his former occupation; he still thinks like a journalist and is proud to have been one.
Success
Regardless of the personalised political criticism of him, See Under: Love enjoyed almost instant success, selling more than 75,000 copies on publication in Israel in 1985. He was feted but did not become complacent – he never has, it is not in his nature.
When I first met him in 1990 he looked like a younger, less dishevelled Woody Allen, intense if without the angst, very friendly except not so quick with the one-liners.
Delighted to announce our #MBI2017 winner is David Grossman's A Horse walk Into a Bar translated by Jessica Cohen - https://t.co/AZQPkQiKfp pic.twitter.com/z441PP3DiC — Man Booker Prize (@ManBookerPrize) June 14, 2017
For a kindly, down-to-earth, sad-eyed individual who is very much clued into the politics of the day, Grossman then and now tends to express himself with the deliberation of an artist; his use of language in conversation shares the measured eloquence of his fiction. For him Hebrew is “a playful, flexible, juicy” medium for a writer.
Author David Grossman and translator Jessica Cohen. Photograph: Tim P. Whitby/Getty Images
While his early work was translated by Betsy Rosenberg, in Jessica Cohen whose collaboration with him quickly culminated with a magnificent version of To the End of the World (2010) – Grossman's most masterful achievement to date – he has found a sympathetic and astute interpreter of his work. Fittingly they will share this year's £50,000 (€57,000) prize as the Man Booker International contentiously places the translator on an equal footing to the writer.
Holocaust accusations
David Grossman was born in Jerusalem in 1954. His father was the son of a bus driver who had left Poland as an eight year old with his widowed mother in 1935. His mother is Israeli-born, also of Polish parents.
Aware that he is not a concentration camp survivor and that the most frequent criticism his early fiction received was directed at his not being descended from camp survivors, Grossman tends to make sure that interviewers are clearly informed that his family did not experience the Holocaust.
Considering that so many Western novelists have based novels in the camps, it is interesting that Grossman has been reprimanded for doing so. He recalls facing accusations along the lines of daring to write about something which did not affect him. Such thinking would appear to place many novels under scrutiny.
Marked by war
Poverty not war drove Grossman's family from Europe. Yet war has always been a part of his life; he grew up in a military-dominated society. In 2006, his son Uri was killed some two weeks before his 21st birthday, just as he neared the end of his national service.
Images of Grossman, not as a famous writer but as an abruptly aged, bereaved father, went around the world. The dry earth shifted in the breeze while he delivered a tender eulogy at his son's graveside and also recited the Jewish prayer of mourning.
In a gesture not only to his beloved son but also as a protest against the human cost of war Grossman wrote To the End of the Land in which Ora, a middle-aged Israeli mother is eager to celebrate her son's completion of his military service, only for him to decide to volunteer for further action. Her response is to set out on a hike. Her belief is simple and profound; as long as she walks, he will remain safe.
In 1991, when I was about to interview Grossman at the time of the British publication of his first novel, The Smile of the Lamb, Uri, had only been five years old, one of two small sons, the other called Yonatan. A daughter, Ruti, was born later.
David Grossman: brave and outspoken writer of literary fiction
The Smile of the Lamb, the first novel in Hebrew to explore the occupation, had been published in 1983 in Israel. Its English-language publication had come about because of the international success of See Under: Love in which Grossman had taken the real-life experience of Bruno Schultz, a Polish Jewish writer born in 1892, and placed them in a fantastical recreation of war-time Danzig and appeared to be acknowledging a stylistic debt to Gunter Grass. Various stories are interwoven in the closing section, most of which are an analogy for Jewish history shaped by suffering.
Grossman had intended to return to London for a round of interviews, pleased The Smile of the Lamb, a more conventional novel than See Under: Love, had been received as a literary work not a polemic.
It was January 1991; by mid-month the Gulf War had broken out and Grossman cancelled his author tour to Britain. His home number in Jerusalem was sent to me and suddenly there he was on the phone, as clear as if in the next room, albeit with my own voice echoing back. He thought the interview by phone was a wonderful solution only to apologise and ask me to call back as the air raid siren had sounded and he needed to hurry to the shelter.
When we resumed our conversation he described the ordeal of wearing a gas mask, “they stink of rubber and make your face sweat” .
It also reminded him of being in a similar situation when his father went off to war in Sinai in 1956, and again more vividly in 1967, when he was 13, and his father had put tape on the windows.
There were many interruptions as Grossman hurried back and forth between the phone and the shelter. He thanked me for my patience; it was as if I was “watching” a movie, except there was no acting only real-life terror complete with the thud of distant shelling.
All his life Grossman has been a witness and a participant. He once told me that he wrote in order to understand but realised it didn't work that way. He may be wrong though; David Grossman has opened many doors for readers.
The Best of David Grossman
To The End of the Land: A mother's vigil for a beloved son takes the form of an odyssey. Immense personal suffering shapes this heartfelt novel. Translated by Jessica Cohen.
See Under: Love: Early Grossman; a Holocaust narrative inspired by Bruno Schultz and stylistically shaped by Grass. Translated by Betsy Rosenberg.
The Book of Intimate Grammar: One of Grossman's great themes is childhood. In this novel Aron retreats from leadership of the local boy's gang into fantasy as his friends abandon imagination and look to adult reality. Translated by Betsy Rosenberg.
The Book of Intimate Grammar: One of Grossman's great themes is childhood. In this novel Aron reverts from leadership of the local boy's gang into fantasy as his friends abandon imagination and look to adult reality. translated by Rosenberg
The Zig Zag Kid: Another boyhood story, more playful perhaps. It is funny and filled with colourful asides. Grossman allows his imagination free rein – a very good place to start if you have yet to read his work. Translated by Betsy Rosenberg.
Lovers and Strangers: Two novellas with all the pain and urgency of contemporary life everywhere as Grossman dissects the vulnerability and power shifts of relationships. Translated by Jessica Cohen
Man Booker International shortlist in detail
FEC okays $188.807m, N8.576b road, power, port projects
THE Federal Executive Council (FEC) yesterday approved $188.807 million and N8.576 billion for some road, power and port projects.
The approvals included reimbursement of N7.943 billion to Kwara State for construction of Kayamakishe road.
Afam Power Plant was approved for $186.6 million.
The contract for the substation of the Afam plant is $2.207 million for the offshore components and N133.184 million for the local components.
The council also approved N500 million for completion of Baro River Port.
Briefing State House correspondents at the end of the meeting, the Minister of Power, Works and Housing, Babatunde Fashola, said for the road project, Kwara applied to be allowed to construct the road and be refunded in the future.
He was with Minister of Finance Mrs Kemi Adeosun, Minister of Transportation RotimiAmaechi and Minister of Information Lai Mohammed.
He said: “FEC gave approval for the reimbursement of Kwara State government to undertake the construction of the Kayamakishe road which is a road that serves the Agricultural belt that produces Agro Product between Oyo and Kwara state.
“So Kwara State has applied to be allowed to take that road on the basis that they will be refunded at sometime in the future. We have actually received anticipatory approval from Mr. President and Council has ratified that approval for them to continue. The road contract is N7.943billion
“The other one is consistent with infrastructure development in the country is the memo for the Afam emergency fast power which is part of the ministry's roadmap for incremental power to the grid. Council ratified the earlier approval given for GE to undertake that project so that we can complete 240megawatt (Mw) of emergency power through 830Mw turbines this year.
“Council also approved the contract for the construction and rehabilitation of the sub-station to enable the evacuation of the power, once the turbines are installed. The total package for the Afam power plant is $186.6million and the contract for the substation is $2.207 million for the components that are offshore and N133.184 million for the local components.” he said
Mrs Adeosun said the Council gave the Ministry permission to sign a multilateral convention to implement tax treaty related matters to prevent base erosion and profit shifting.
She said:“In simple language, this administration is very focused on revenue generation and mobilisation and part of that work is to improve our tax collection.
“One of the means by which major companies evade is a practice called base erosion and profit shifting which means that the profit that was made in Nigeria using accounting methods shift it to a country that has little or no tax.
“So really the country in which profit was generated doesn't get tax, they go and declare those profits in a country that has very low tax.
“There is a contact among the G20 countries and the OECD to end this and Nigeria was part of those who negotiated this convention and today Council gave us permission to go and sign the conventions.
“What that convention would mean is that where we have existing bilateral tax treaties, like Nigeria already has some tax treaties with certain countries which actually are not in our favour and I gave example to Council. For example we sign a treaty with a particular country that says their national carrier will not pay tax in Nigeria and in exchange Nigeria's national carrier will not pay tax in their country but as you know Nigeria does not have a national carrier, so that type of arrangement is adverse to Nigeria.
The post FEC okays $188.807m, N8.576b road, power, port projects appeared first on The Nation Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Sheriff's Department says the male transient is hospitalized in critical condition
A 57-year-old man was in critical condition Sunday night after being struck by a vehicle in front of the Motel 6 on Via Real in Carpinteria.
Santa Barbara County Sheriff's Department spokesman Drew Sugars said Chris Dexter Shields, a transient, was crossing the street in the 4200 block of Via Real shortly before 6:30 p.m. Sunday when he was hit by a westbound vehicle driven by 28-year-old Herminia Mancera-Ramirez of Carpinteria.
The area was closed to traffic for about six hours.
The collision investigation is being handled by the Sheriff's Major Accident Response Team (SMART).
Sugars said it's unknown whether drugs and/or alcohol may have been a contributing factor.
Anyone with information about the collision and/or the involved parties is asked to call the Sheriff's Traffic Unit at 805.961.7516 or the Sheriff's Anonymous Tip Line at 805.681.4171.
— Noozhawk managing editor Michelle Nelson can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Cheers from the audience packing the ballroom at Fess Parker's Doubletree Resort welcomed a stream of Antioch University Santa Barbara graduates from Friday, marking the 35th commencement in the school's history.
As graduates filed in, waving to family and friends, Antioch President Nancy Leffert welcomed them, reminding them that they were joining the ranks of more than 4,000 alumni.
Hundreds of graduates received diplomas, including bachelor of arts in liberal studies, masters in education, clinical psychology and psychology, and doctorates in clinical psychology.
Four of the master of clinical psychology graduates from the Latino and Latina Mental Health Concentration received educational stipends from the MFT Consortium of the Central Coast.
Only five awards were made in the region, awarding Antioch 80 percent of the stipends.
“I know you have made sacrifices to get here,” Leffert said, acknowledging that many students cared for children, elderly parents or maintained full-time jobs while completing their studies.
As graduates listened, they were most likely taking stock of the journey that brought them there, Leffert said.
She reflected on her own journey, and recalled a high school guidance counselor telling Leffert she “wasn't college material.”
“I can still feel the physical response to those words,” she said, adding that her heart still races thinking about it.
Affirmation from Leffert's mother also never came.
“She told me I would marry my future, not make it,” she told the audience.
But Leffert did make her own future, and she encouraged the new graduates to continue doing the same in their own lives.
Dawn Osborn, a marine biologist who leads the Environmental Studies Concentration in the BA Completion for the university, was given the award for excellence in teaching award.
“We are all so proud of you,” Osborn said, and encouraged the grads to “find joy in your challenges.”
Brandon Maynard, who graduated on Friday with his master's in clinical psychology, was chosen by Antioch faculty to speak.
Maynard reminisced about coffee-fueled paper-writing sessions, which lead to essays “that had more self-reflection than a mirrored hallway at a county fair,” a comment which drew laughs from his classmates.
Family and friends of the grads got a lot of love throughout the ceremony, with Maynard telling graduates “you did not do this alone,” but added that each student added his or her own strength and diligence into the mix.
“It is real, and it is done and it cannot be taken away from you,” he said.
— Noozhawk staff writer Lara Cooper can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Increasingly, higher education and K-12 advocates are investing in VR technology. One school of osteopathic medicine , for example, is using holographic technology in place of physical cadavers which can be in short supply for students. And, a recent report from Campus Technology indicated that while VR and augmented reality tools were currently in an "adolescent' stage of development and implementation," their usage was likely to grow dramatically in the coming year. Now, educators are discovering other side benefits of this technology.
Many educators are now discovering virtual reality can inspire empathy and strengthen compassion among students. According to Richard L. Lamb, an associate professor and the director of the Neurocognition Science Laboratory at the University of Buffalo Graduate School of Education, the technology has a significant role to play in the development of students in both the K-12 and postsecondary space. Building compassion in students is the act of building experiences, said Lamb, and VR can certainly do this.
"I think having a compassionate and empathetic campus would improve the overall experience for the students ... there can be a lot of fear and anxiety,” Lamb said. “From a student body perspective, it promotes broader and more open discussion with different people with different ideas."
Lamb also mentions an “opportunity gap” which can develop in K-12 education, where a lack of experiences and exposure to other kinds of people make broader empathy or understanding more difficult to conjure. However, promoting that kind of student development through VR could offer benefits to any college or university, Lamb said.
Studies indicate there is not a statistically significant difference in how the brain processes research in virtual reality vs. real world experience, which Lamb believes can be beneficial in situations where students may be unable to physically experience or interact with a particular learning site or educational materials.
Lamb says colleges and universities could also use VR in campus tours in an empathetic manner; while some colleges and universities offer such tours for students who cannot physically visit the campus, Lamb said a VR tour could enable potential applicants to see how students on campus interact, unlike a physical visit which can sometimes be stilted and overly regimented.
Preparing future educators through virtual reality
But with the emphasis on workforce preparedness, VR can also help students prepare for the workplace. Lamb said much of his recent research is centered around using VR to train students who will soon be entering the classroom to teach, many of whom will be teaching in high-needs environments with which they may not be familiar. Lamb said the experience could offer a “soft failure” environment for students.
“Essentially the students get an opportunity to practice,” Lamb said. “If their initial reaction is fear or anger, they get to express that without the consequences of doing that in the real world, and they work through the pieces.”
Lamb expressed optimism that the rate of adoption in higher ed instruction is accelerating, specifically calling out the State University of New York for its move to embrace the technology. However, He notes some administrators have expressed concerns about how to scale VR use, as it currently can be difficult to offer the same type of engagement as a classroom discussion.
For example, educators can only interact with students before and after a VR experience, but they can't necessarily be “in” the experience conversing with them. Lamb expects this issue to be resolved in the coming years with the maturation of the technology. However, he said it is vital to frame VR as one piece in a broader approach.
"VR and other technologies are tools and it's important to build structures around them to make the tools successful,” he said. “Sometimes we see the 'shiny penny' ... and then we hand the VR to the professor and say 'do great things,' and don't build the educational structure around it."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A judge hearing the case of Alfie Evans has asked doctors if "other options" are possible to allow his family to take him home after life support was withdrawn.
But Mr Justice Hayden also appeared to rule out his family's wishes to take the 23-month-old to Italy for treatment.
Alfie has been at the centre of a life-or-death treatment battle, with his parents, Tom Evans and Kate James, trying to stop his doctors at Alder Hey Children's Hospital in Liverpool from withdrawing life support in a sometimes acrimonious six-month dispute which has seen a series of court battles.
A "last-ditch appeal" by the Italian ambassador and the Pope, to grant Alfie citizenship of Italy to take him for treatment at a hospital in Rome, failed on Monday.
A late night court hearing by telephone by Mr Justice Hayden and lawyers for both sides confirmed his earlier decision permitting life-support, helping Alfie to breathe, to be withdrawn.
Mr Justice Hayden, speaking to lawyers representing Alfie's parents and Alder Hey Hospital, said: "If there were a more constructive attitude from the family might other options become possible, away from Alder Hey?
"I'm not suggesting this, I don't want it to be taken as an indication from me.
"One of the things Tom Evans said, if it can't be Italy or Munich, which it cannot be, was whether they could take Alfie home."
(Image: PA)
At that point the court adjourned for an Alder Hey consultant in the courtroom to consider the matter.
Earlier on Tuesday Mr Evans claimed medics had been "gobsmacked" as his son continued to breathe for himself after medical intervention was withdrawn at around 9.17pm on Monday.
But Mr Justice Hayden cut down Paul Diamond, representing the parents, as he began the family's appeal hearing.
Mr Diamond said: "This really is an appeal, in our submission for common humanity and common sense..."
(Image: PA)
The judge interjected: "I don't think it's helpful to use emotive terms. As a barrister confine yourself to the law."
Mr Diamond gave a witness statement from Mr Evans, taken on Tuesday, to the court suggesting his son's condition is "significantly better" than had been previously believed.
Mr Diamond said the child had been breathing unaided for 19 hours.
He continued: "We do have a human being..."
(Image: Mirror / Phil Harris)
Again the judge cut across him: "I don't need to be reminded we have a human being. You do not have the moral high ground in this court. It is treacherous terrain."
Alder Hey doctors and independent medical experts say there is no cure and no hope for Alfie.
Medics say he has a degenerative neurological condition destroying his brain, and it is in his best interests to withdraw life support, but his parents want to take him abroad for treatment.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
All legal avenues appeared to have been exhausted for the family until a further hearing by Mr Justice Hayden was announced earlier on Tuesday at the Family Division of the High Court in Manchester.
The hearing continues.
Sesame oil is one of the healthiest oil amongst the edible oils because of its various medicinal properties. It is finding its extensive use amongst the health conscious people and is popular in southern part of India. Indian Sesame Oil Industry is gaining momentum alongside significant growth in terms of production and consumption due to availability in forms of sesame seed, that can be directly consumed, and sesame oil, that is used in cooking and ayurvedic treatments. Therefore, the Sesame oil production in India is anticipated to grow at a CAGR of around 5% during the forecasted period 2017-18 to 2020-21 to reach 322,000 Metric Tons by 2020-21.
According to our latest research study, “Indian Sesame Oil Industry Outlook 2022”, the South Asian, Chinese cuisines, etc. use of sesame oil as a strong flavouring agent as it complements the Asian taste with stir fry recopies. Further, doctors and dieticians also recommend sesame oil for the patients suffering from diabetes, lethargy, oral care, etc. because of the presence of various nutritious vitamins, minerals, etc. and lacks in cholesterol.
Owing to the nutritional values along with various other qualities like anti-fungal, metabolism booster, and remedy for various diseases like diabetes, high cholesterol, lethargy, etc., the preferential use of sesame oil in cooking is propelling the sesame oil industry to grow. Further, increasing attraction towards Chinese, Korean and South-Asian food is indirectly supporting the sesame oil market.
Further, with the government support, the producers are also trying to look for other utilities of sesame oil and find new uncontested market. Due to the above mentioned factors and its growing demand backed by the support of government, the sesame oil market is expected to grow at an astonishing growth rate while finding its extensive use in various industries such as healthcare, cosmetics, etc.
For FREE SAMPLE of this report visit: http://www.rncos.com/Report/IM891.htm
Check Related REPORTS on: http://www.rncos.com/Retail%20industry.htm
Chinese President Xi Jinping is displayed on a big screen as he delivers a speech at the closing session of the annual National People's Congress in the Great Hall of the People in Beijing, China, Tuesday, March 20, 2018. Ng Han Guan AP Photo
MIAMI-DADE COUNTY, Fla. - Two dogs were found dead Friday afternoon after a man barricaded himself inside a home in southwest Miami-Dade, authorities said.
Miami-Dade police responded to the home in the area of Southwest 216th Street and 120th Avenue after someone called police at 11:30 a.m. and asked officers to conduct a welfare check.
Police said a man came to the front door and cursed at and threatened to shoot an officer.
The Miami-Dade Police Department's SWAT team then responded to the home.
Police said the suspect came out of the house at 4:15 p.m. and surrendered to authorities.
Officers said they found two dead dogs inside the home.
The suspect, identified only as a man in his 60s, was arrested.
It's unclear what charges he will be facing.
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
Ranbir Kapoor says it is hard to please his father, veteran actor Rishi Kapoor, but her mother Neetu has always been her biggest fan.
The 35-year-old actor said his father never compliments him and only pushes him to work harder.
Rishi, however, recently praised Ranbir's portrayal of Sanjay Dutt in upcoming biopic, “Sanju” and the young actor says he was touched by it.
“Besides being my father, he is also an actor I really admire and respect… He never tells me to my face that I've done good work, not that I expect it either. But when you hear such words coming from him, it is incredible, it really moved me, made me emotional.
“Every father wants their son to do well, but my father is very careful that he won't give compliments for free. He always tells us ‘kasar reh gayi hai, work harder' (There is still scope for improvement, work harder)'. This was a wonderful gift,” Ranbir said at the trailer launch of “Sanju”.
The actor added that his mother loves his performance in all his films.
“My mother is my biggest fan, whatever I do she loves. When she saw ‘Bombay Velvet' she thought it was the greatest film in the world,” he said.
“Sanju”, directed by Rajkumar Hirani, also reunites Ranbir with his “Saawariya” co-star Sonam Kapoor after a decade. They both started their career together with the Sanjay Leela Bhansali film.
“We never got an opportunity to work together again but Sonam is still the same, she hasn't changed. Her personality is still the same. The only thing which has changed is that she has become an even better actress. Both of us really enjoyed working with each other,” he said.
Produced by Vidhu Vinod Chopra, “Sanju” also features Paresh Rawal, Manisha Koirala, Dia Mirza and Anushka Sharma.
The film's music is presented by Bhushan Kumar's T-Series and is scheduled to release on June 29.
Watch the much awaited “Sanju” trailer that released today.
Dive Brief:
Bilingual children are better able to distinguish between voices speaking different languages and can better recognize voices in comparison to monolingual students, according to a new study conducted by NYU's Steinhardt School of Culture, Education and Human Development, indicating that learning multiple languages has additional benefits.
The study analyzed 22 monolingual English speakers and 19 bilingual speakers. They were tested on identifying whether speakers who spoke English words followed by words in an unfamiliar language were the same speaker, and were asked to match spoken words to characters who had previously spoken different ones.
Older children performed better than younger children, and bilingual children were better able to discriminate between voices, whether in English or in a language with which they were unfamiliar. Analysts suggested bilingual children may have more experience with accented speech or have better cognitive control and focus.
Dive Insight:
There is a wide array of research suggesting significant benefits for dual language education in schools, but schools and districts can often find difficulty in funding and recruiting talent to teach such subjects. There are many notable exceptions; last year, New York City announced a significant expansion of its bilingual programs, with nearly $1 million allocated for schools, libraries and teacher and administrator training.
Administrators and educators who hope to procure funding for those kinds of programs can also look to other success stories throughout the country, including in Indiana, where the state's Department of Education oversaw an expansion of dual language immersion programs in schools last year. The number of schools involved was small, but the program itself is intensive, with 50% of lessons in English and 50% in another language, beginning in kindergarten and continuing throughout elementary school.
One of the selected primary schools instituted a Mandarin dual language program, with the principal saying one of the reasons the school chose the language was because of a large number of local Chinese businesses. Schools may find more success in procuring funding, whether from private or government sources, by tying their dual language initiatives to their local community, and touting it as an initial investment by local or state government that could be recouped with a better-prepared workforce later down the line. In this case, the economics may sell the experience to wary legislators, philanthropists or district leaders.
(L-R) Preston Autry Mostrong and Austin Slade Mostrong appear in a court for a pretrial hearing on May 12, 2017.
Two Santee brothers, faced with charges of torture in the brutal beating of a homeless man in Santee, California, pleaded guilty to manslaughter and second-degree murder Friday.
George Lowery, 50, was beaten with "fists and feet" in an assault that homicide investigators described as "a very horrific event."
Lowery was found unconscious on April 24, 2016 in a riverbed where homeless people are known to camp. He was faced down under a piece of plywood near Chubb Lane and N. Magnolia Avenue in Santee. He died five days later.
Austin Mostrong and Preston Mostrong beat the victim so severely that his brain expanded inside his skull and killed him, prosecutors argued.
Brothers Face Torture Charges in Killing of Homeless Man
Two brothers, charged with beating a homeless man to death in Santee will be tried for murder, torture and assault. (Published Friday, May 12, 2017)
Lowery was also hogtied, covered with rubbing alcohol and pushed face-down into "muck."
Four days before the beating, Austin Mostrong's paintball or pellet gun was taken in a confrontation near the homeless encampment.
In a previous hearing, defense attorneys asked a judge to remove the charges of torture. The judge refused.
On Friday, Preston Mostrong pleaded guilty to manslaughter and mayhem. Austin Mostrong pleaded guilty to second-degree murder and assault with a deadly weapon.
Sentencing was scheduled for January 12.
Your news how you want it.
On the go and no time to finish that story right now? Your News is the place for you to save content to read later from any device. Register with us and content you save will appear here so you can access them to read later.
The consumables segment is anticipated to witness significant growth in the next decade attributed to the high efficiency and therapeutic grade of essential oils when inhaled directly or applied topically. The segment dominated the global aromatherapy market in revenue terms in 2015 and the growing trend of essential oils adoption in topical applications is projected to continue throughout the forecast period. The consumables segment accounted for more than 80% value share in 2015 and is likely to continue its growth through 2026, reaching a value of over US$ 4,000 Mn by the end of 2026. Consumables are projected to remain the dominant segment with a CAGR of 7.8% during the forecast period. This segment is estimated to create absolute $ opportunity of more than US$ 250 Mn in 2017 over 2016.
Request For Sample Report: http://www.mrrse.com/sample/2971
The popularity of essential oils is creating robust development in the consumables segment of the global aromatherapy market
There are various factors driving the growth of the consumables segment in the global aromatherapy market. For instance, a large pool of the patient population opting for essential oils and carrier oils for aromatherapy massages is expected to boost the growth of the consumables segment during the forecast period. Increasing sales of essential oils for home usage is a major factor responsible for boosting the revenue of the consumables segment in the global aromatherapy market over the forecast period. Preference for topical application and direct inhalation of essential oils is another factor contributing to the revenue growth of the consumables segment over the forecast period. Many essential oils have their therapeutic properties of boosting the immune system, combating cold, allergies and breathing disorders, promoting sound sleep and relaxing ambience at home. These qualities of essential oils are boosting the growth of the consumables segment.
Risks associated with an excessive use of essential oils is likely to impact the growth of the consumables segment
Stringent approval for new essential oils is posing noteworthy difficulties to market development as manufacturers need to specify the indication for which the essential oil can be used. For instance, manufacturers have to mention whether the particular essential oil falls under therapeutic grade or cosmetic grade. Furthermore, some essential oils have restricted applications. These are limiting the development of the consumables segment of the global aromatherapy market.
Send An Enquiry: http://www.mrrse.com/enquiry/2971
Lack of proper guidelines and misclassification of essential oils is likely to limit the growth of the consumables segment in developing regions. For example, Cineole essential oil can cause symptoms of poisoning if administered above the recommended dose for an extended duration. Its overdose symptoms include epigastric burning, nausea, vomiting, dizziness, muscular weakness, rapid heartbeat, and a feeling of suffocation. Such risks associated with essential oils may hamper the growth of the consumables segment.
Consumables segment is anticipated to be the most lucrative segment in the Western Europe aromatherapy market during the period of assessment
The consumables segment is expected to be the most attractive segment in the North America aromatherapy market over the forecast period. U.S. is the largest market for consumables, especially essential oils. The segment is witnessing the introduction of new oils, which are imported from various countries to cater to the increasing demand for essential oils across the North America region. New products are frequently being launched by leading domestic players, which makes the consumables segment more competitive in North America. An increasing awareness of the benefits of different essential oils is driving the growth of the consumables segment in the Latin America region.
Browse Full Report With TOC: http://www.mrrse.com/aromatherapy-market
There is a rise in demand for wellness products and therapies in Western Europe owing to increasing disposable income and this is driving the demand for consumables in the region. The APEJ region is likely to witness an interesting trend that is creating a positive impact on the consumables segment of the global aromatherapy market. An increasing number of women in countries such as Indonesia, Thailand, Philippines, Vietnam, and Malaysia are more inclined to buy essential oils for their home usage and this factor is expected to boost the growth of the consumables segment in the APEJ aromatherapy market.
About Us
Market Research Reports Search Engine (MRRSE) is an industry-leading database of market intelligence reports. MRRSE is driven by a stellar team of research experts and advisors trained to offer objective advice. Our sophisticated search algorithm returns results based on the report title, geographical region, publisher, or other keywords.
MRRSE partners exclusively with leading global publishers to provide clients single-point access to top-of-the-line market research. MRRSE's repository is updated every day to keep its clients ahead of the next new trend in market research, be it competitive intelligence, product or service trends or strategic consulting.
Contact
State Tower
90, State Street
Suite 700
Albany, NY – 12207
United States Telephone: +1-518-730-0559
Email: sales@mrrse.com
Website: http://www.mrrse.com/
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Angelica Root Oil Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report Albert Vieille, Berje, Elixens, Ernesto Ventos, Fleurchem, H.Interdonati, INDUKERN INTERNACIONAL, Penta Manufacturing Company, Robertet Group, Ultra international, Treatt Plc, PerfumersWorld, Ungerer & Company.
The report begins with introducing the global Angelica Root Oil market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Angelica Root Oil report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-angelica-root-oil-market/5911/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Angelica Root Oil Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: Therapeutic Grade, Others.
Angelica Root Oil Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: Medical, Spa & Relaxation, Others.
Key points in the Angelica Root Oil Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-angelica-root-oil-market/5911/#inquiry
From all of this Angelica Root Oil market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Angelica Root Oil market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Angelica Root Oil distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
The shareholders of a GmbH, a type of German private limited company, have extensive rights to information that go beyond the general meeting of the shareholders, and they are able to exercise their rights of access and inspection.
GmbH shareholders entrust the managing director with the fate of their company. Notwithstanding this, they do, of course, have the right to be informed about what is happening in their firm at all times. In addition to the general meeting of the shareholders, the rights of access and inspection are an important tool for shareholders to gain an insight into all commercially and legally relevant matters within the company. We at the commercial law firm GRP Rainer Rechtsanwälte note that while their rights of access and inspection are indeed wide-ranging, they are not without their limits.
What is the order situation? Which projects have been completed and which are at the planning stage? How are the agreements structured? These and other questions are of interest to all shareholders. They receive answers to these questions at the general meeting of the shareholders. They can also receive answers by exercising their rights of access and inspection, and in doing so request information concerning concluded transactions, projects at the planning stage, agreements, records, protocols etc. These rights to information may also be applicable to a limited extent if the GmbH has a financial interest in other companies.
The GmbH shareholder”s rights of access and inspection cannot be restricted by the articles of association. Moreover, the managing director is obligated to provide the desired information without delay. However, he or she must also assess whether providing the information would go against the company”s interests. This would be the case, for instance, if there was reason to fear that the shareholder might use the information for non-company purposes and thereby damage the company, e.g. because the shareholder has a financial interest in a rival company as well.
In such instances, the managing director needs to act prudently. If he or she acts on their own authority in refusing access or the right of inspection, he or she is committing a breach of duty and may render themselves liable to pay damages. Conversely, he or she cannot release the information if they have reason to fear an abuse of rights or use of information for non-company purposes. The final decision must therefore be taken by the general meeting of the shareholders. The shareholder seeking the information is not authorized to vote on this resolution. If the general meeting decides to deny the shareholder access or the right of inspection, the latter can still try and enforce his or her rights through the courts.
Lawyers who are experienced in the field of company law can advise shareholders and managing directors.
https://www.grprainer.com/en/legal-advice/company-law.html
After public outrage over an officer's decision to handcuff a 7-year-old student, the Miami-Dade Schools Police Department added an extra layer of discretion, Miami-Dade County Public Schools announced Friday afternoon.
Chief Ian Moffett directed officers to seek the approval of a lieutenant or a higher-ranking official before deciding to remove and detain a disruptive student for a psychiatric evaluation at a hospital, in a practice protected by the Florida Mental Health Act, better known as the Baker Act.
"These measures will ensure all options have been exhausted, limiting the transport of younger students and providing appropriate checks and balances," Miami-Dade County Public Schools spokeswoman Daisy Gonzalez-Diego said in a statement.
An officer handcuffed the Coral Way Bilingual K-8 Center student after he hit a teacher last week and forced him into the back seat of a patrol car. Video of the incident went viral and outraged parents around the world.
After a Coral Way Bilingual K-8 Center teacher told the boy not to play with his food during lunch, he punched and kicked her until she fell down, according to the incident report. It was the second time he was put in handcuffs and submitted to a psychiatric evaluation at Nicklaus Children's Hospital in Miami.
"This action was warranted to prevent his erratic and violent behavior from bringing further harm to others or himself," Moffett said in a statement after the incident.
The boy's parents believe school police officers went too far. Gonzalez-Diego said Miami-Dade County Public Schools Superintendent Alberto Carvalho's chief of staff requested a "detailed review of procedures" regarding the use of handcuffs when transporting "young students during Baker Acts." The review, she said, is ongoing.
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
Robert Kubica wanted an F1 test in order to decide the next steps in his career.
That is the claim of Cyril Abiteboul, the Renault team boss, after the Enstone outfit recently gave Kubica his first F1 outing since the Pole almost severed his arm in 2011.
"He did the test because he wanted to," the Frenchman told Canal Plus.
"The Enstone family is very loyal: people like Alan Permane, Bob Bell, Nick Chester, everyone wanted to give their driver the opportunity to drive.
"The opportunity came when we had a day scheduled (at Valencia) with Sergey Sirotkin," Abiteboul explained.
The test excited the media and had Kubica himself even raising the possibility of a "comeback", but Abiteboul said Renault is staying calm.
"There is no idea and I do not want to get into a pressure situation," he insisted.
"Robert is measuring his skills and his limits, and once he knows his limits, he can make a decision for the rest of his career," said Abiteboul.
Renault engineering chief Permane said the team tried to keep Kubica's test low-profile.
"Robert has a lot of fans upset that he is not in formula one, so we did not want to put this additional pressure on him, although he could have dealt with it," he said.
"I just wanted Robert to enjoy it.
"Of course, there is no limit to perfection, but Robert was physically well prepared. We had to move a few switches to the other side (of the steering wheel) so he could use them, but there was nothing difficult."
As for the next steps, Permane said: "It's too early to talk about it, but we are in touch with Robert. There are no plans to continue the tests, but it is possible for the future."
Organ on a Chip Kit: Market Insights
Organ on chip is a recently developed multidisciplinary field in which human cell biology and microfluidic are combined on top of lab on chip architecture. Organ on a chip is one of the fastest growing application in the research areas in life science and pharmaceuticals industries. Organ on a chip is multi-channel microfluidic cell which stimulates the physiological response, activities and response of the organ and organ system, type of artificial organ. Increasing in adoption organ on a chip will abolish the need for animals in toxin testing and drug development. Organ on a chip are used especially for research activity in the advanced biomedical engineering field such as bioMEMS, micro fabrication and microelectronics. Organ on chip creates new and innovative ways to culture cells and tissues which offer precise and continuous control during complete culturing process. Organ on a chip have significant impact on the improvement on the predictability of drug screening models and personalized medicines.
Request For Sample @https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-6892
Multiple organs can be placed on the chip and re interconnected to model the dynamics of human organism which is possible due to 3D cell culture, micro fluids and 3D printing technologies which allow the cultivation of cells from patients which reflects phenotype or genotype. Different companies and universities are continuously looking for better and new models in the development of drugs with collaboration with different manufacturing companies. In the long term, the organ on a chip technology helps in the advanced human based and personalized research and development of drugs.
Organ on a chip kit: Market Dynamics
Increase in innovation in drug development and growing prevalence of chronic disease such as respiratory disease, heart failure and other disease drive the market of organ on a chip kit market. Rising awareness among the population towards better healthcare devices propel the growth of organ on a chip kit market globally. Increase in healthcare expenditure and increase rate of organ transplant is expected to boost the demand of organ on a chip kit market during the forecast period. However, high cost associated with the kit of organ on chip and lack of adoption of innovative technology in the underdeveloped economies hamper the growth of the organ on a chip kit market.
Organ on a Chip Kit Market: Segmentation
The global organ on a chip kit market is segmented by drug type and distribution channel:
Segmentation by Type Heart on a chip Lung on a chip Kidney on a chip Liver on a chip Intestine on chip
Segmentation by End User Hospital Academic Research Institutes Contract Research Organizations Others
Organ on a Chip Kit Market: Overview
Organ on a chip kits are likely to contribute to reduction of animal tests in preclinical drug development and drug candidate screening may increase efficiency. Increase in growth for lungs and kidney based organ culture devices and increase in research activities on organ on chip devices are the major factors which drive the overall market of organ on a chip kit market. On the basis of type of organ on a chip, lung on chip is expected to project the highest growth owing to increase in number of chronic disease and increase in awareness about the organ transplant during the forecast period.
Organ on a Chip Kit Market: Region-wise Outlook
On the basis of geography, global organ on a chip kit market is segmented into seven key regions viz. North America, Latin America, Western Europe, Eastern Europe, Asia Pacific excluding Japan, Japan, and Middle East & Africa. North America is projected to hold the largest shares in the global Organ on a Chip Kit Market primarily due to growing adoption of innovative technologies to cure disease which are chronic. Increase in research and development activities and rise in healthcare applications in North America drive the market of organ on chip kit. Europe is anticipated to be the second in the revenues share. Asia Pacific region is anticipated to be the fastest growing region in organ on chip kit market owing to increase in investment in the research and development in the drug development and government initiative towards the improvement of healthcare expenditure. Latin America and Middle East & Africa is expected to show slow growth due to lack of awareness among the population and high cost associated with organ on a chip kit market in near future.
Request For TOC @https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-6892
Organ on a Chip Kit Market: Key Players
Some of the key players present in global organ on a chip kit market are Micronit Microtechnologies B.V, F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd, MIMETAS B.V., Nortis, CN Bio Innovations, TissUse GmbH, Koninklijke Philips N.V., and others
Nurses at Middlemore Hospital's emergency department are being issued personal emergency alarms for their safety after a spike in violent assaults on staff.
Police are now also alerting Auckland EDs before they deliver anyone with suspected mental health issues who may be aggressive.
Hospitals are also training staff in de-escalation techniques and redesigning facilities to enable "lockdown" procedures so staff can escape violent situations.
At Middlemore, the number of violent incidents reported by staff shot up to 85 last year, from 30 in 2016.
Advertisement
The figures, revealed in a report on violence in the hospital's emergency department, also showed the number of calls to security had jumped from 31, in December 2016, to 65 at the same time last year. The jump reflected the increasing number of patients coming through the department, it said.
The report included a survey carried out over three weeks in April and May this year, which found the actual number of incidents was likely much higher than recorded.
During that time, 65 incidences of verbal abuse towards staff were observed - about three per day - meaning there could be more than 1100 incidents a year.
The most common incidents were insults, swearing and personal threats against female staff but the report found multiple accounts of physical aggression.
Middlemore put in place tools to help staff manage aggression following the survey, including issuing personal safety alarms to nurses. The alarms are on a key chain with a pin that can be pulled to activate a siren.
A Middlemore nurse, who'd been physically assaulted in the past, told the Herald she had already activated her alarm.
The woman, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said the alarm made her feel safer but training was needed on what to do when one sounded.
Aggression and violence went unreported almost daily, she said.
"There is so often a patient swearing at us. It can be a horrible environment. "
New Zealand Resident Doctors' Association national secretary Deborah Powell said resident doctors reported more than 65 incidents during the survey period, but work pressures meant most doctors did not record them.
She said members questioned the value of some of the tools Middlemore had implemented.
Middlemore Hospital emergency department nurses are being issued with personal safety alarms as the number of violent attacks on staff increases. Image / Supplied
"Having a personal warning alarm seems less than useful if it only summons the people who are already there but with their hands tied."
Doctors were concerned they might end up sedating patients because it was the only way they could treat them and keep themselves safe.
New Zealand Nursing Organisation professional nursing adviser Suzanne Rolls last month told Newstalk ZB nurses had received head injuries, broken arms, bruises, been kicked, spat at and subject to sustained verbal intimidation.
A study in the New Zealand Medical Journal last month found violence and aggression in Christchurch Hospital's emergency department was also under-reported.
Nurse researcher and lead author of the study Sandra Richardson said workplace abuse was "simply part of the job" for many nurses.
Increasing aggression was a trend internationally and could reflect growing patient numbers, longer waiting times causing frustration and more people with mental health issues.
"It's been so easy for so long just to dismiss the verbal stuff but the culture it creates has a significant effect.
"Would we say it's okay to accept racial or sexual abuse? Why is it okay to just accept this constant barrage of verbal abuse? What Middlemore is experiencing is simply indicative of what's happening everywhere."
Richardson backed Middlemore's initiatives, saying the alarms gave people a sense of empowerment.
Counties Manukau DHB declined to comment.
The Middlemore report also noted police had designed an app to allow officers to warn the department if they were bringing in patients with suspected mental health issues who may be aggressive.
Counties Manukau Senior Sergeant Laurie Culpan said the app was launched about a month ago and allowed police officers across Auckland to provide emergency departments and mental health teams with information about patients and their expected arrival time at hospital.
"It allows them to be prepared for that person when they get there."
Powell said some resident doctors believed aggression had increased since police started taking people with suspected mental health issues to the emergency department instead of police stations for assessment.
"Whilst the ED doctors know these patients are coming in, there is little they can often do to prepare." .
Other district health boards had also made changes to improve safety.
Canterbury had introduced a new electronic incident recording system and trained staff in de-escalation.
Auckland District Health Board had tried to give patients a better idea of treatment wait times, boosted security and redesigned the emergency department so areas could be locked down to allow staff to escape violent situations.
Other Middlemore emergency department aggression tools
• Guidelines for managing aggression.
• Medication for dealing with "behaviourally disturbed patients" and guidelines showing what drugs and quantities should be used.
• A behaviour team to act as the first port of call after initial attempts to resolve situations.
• A redesigned assessment form to identify potential risks.
• New de-escalation training for staff.
Peebles 6, Selkirk 27
Selkirk visited The Gytes on Thursday for a Booker Border League Pool ‘A' match against in-form Peebles, who've won 10 of their 13 games in BT National League 2.
The home team's confidence showed in the solidity of their defence and in the sharpness of their attacks.
But, ultimately Selkirk displayed enough ability and finishing power to make them worthy winners.
Things didn't all go the Souters' way, however, with Peebles creating several scoring chances of their own – one particular attack only being thwarted after Selkirk scrum-half Callum McEwan had made a great try-saving tackle in the corner.
Selkirk hooker James Bett was forced off the pitch with a neck injury, with his place being taken by Ian Oosthuizen.
In the 29th minute, Selkirk opened the scoring. Outside centre Darren Clapperton kicked through for Tythan Adams to gather and dart over the home try line for the try.
Five minutes before half time, Peebles scrum-half Murray Johnstone was sent to the bin following a ruck infringement and the Souters cashed in when Clapperton scored a slick try following Ross Nixon's off-load.
Peebles replied with a penalty from Greg Raeburn, making the half time score 10-3 in the visitors' favour.
After the break, a second Raeburn penalty reduced the deficit, before Selkirk began to show their class with a second try by full-back Tythan Adams.
The Selkirk backs again showed their mettle when Clapperton threw a long pass to winger Josh Welsh, who gathered cleanly and burst down the touchline to score a try and put the visitors 20-6 ahead.
Soon afterwards, young winger Frazer Anderson showed why he was awarded man of the match with a couple of outstanding try-saving tackles within the space of two minutes.
The game's final touchdown came from number eight Andrew Renwick, who powered over the line following an excellent break by replacement lock Donald Nichol. This was converted by Adams, to conclude the night's scoring.
Peebles: M. Cruickshank, C. Blyth, S. Hamilton, D. Anderson, S. Stoddart, G. Raeburn, M. Johnstone, W. Napier, R. McConnell, J. Menzies, W. Brown, R. Brown, R. Guiney, R. Maciver, A. Muir. Replacements: M. Brown, J. King, W. Aitken, R. Stewart, G. Hume, K. Clyde, B. Laurie, R. Britton, D. Anderson, N. Hogarth, J. May, C. Shand, S. Matthews.
Selkirk: T. Adams, F. Anderson, D. Clapperton, R. Nixon, J. Welsh, C. McColm, C. McEwan, B. Siyothula, J. Bett, C. Graur, J. McGowan, P. Forrest, E. MacDougall, M. Robertson, A. Renwick. Replacements: R. Reilly, R. Wilson, M. Waldron, D. Nichol, I. Oosthuizen, C. MacDougall, J. Wallace.
Referee – Stephen Turnbull (Gala).
One of the most renowned and talented singers from Karnataka, a proud Kannadiga, Raghu Dixit is disappointed on a few people in Sandalwood.
The multi-faceted artist who rose to fame with his Kannada songs and his band, The Raghu Dixit Project, is now a successful music director in Sandalwood.
He was one of the people who was responsible for highlighting Karnataka and Kannada's importance. He has shown the world the importance of Kannada janapada songs.
This gem of a person is now extremely sad and disappointed on a few people in Sandalwood. He has been blamed for staying in foreign countries for too long. This baseless blame has made him lose some of the best offers of directing music in KFI, which had upset the artist.
Raghu Dixit expressed his disappointment on the Super Talk Time show, which airs on Colors Super channel, and addressed those people who falsely blamed him and spoke a few words which everyone ought to know.
Read more..
John Calipari would prefer to focus on the players he wants and the offense he'll run.
This time, there are other concerns.
When he leads the U.S. basketball team into the Under-19 World Cup for men, they will travel to Egypt, home to enough violence lately that the Americans questioned whether it was safe enough to even go defend their title.
Calipari spoke to parents seeking answers he didn't even have for himself, but he knew where he could get them. Gen. Martin Dempsey, the former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, is now USA Basketball's chairman, and a conversation a few weeks ago that detailed the Americans' security plans and procedures put Calipari's mind at ease.
Advertisement
"I'm trying to figure out basketball, let alone trying to figure out security and so all I can say to the parents is I'm comfortable making this trip," the Kentucky coach said. "And believe me, three or four weeks ago I was like, 'Come on now, talk to me, how are we going to do this?' And from that point when I was on the phone with Gen. Dempsey, I knew at the end of the day either he was going to feel real comfortable with what was going on or we wouldn't go."
USA Basketball CEO Jim Tooley said the U.S. and other federations raised concerns with basketball's governing body a year ago when it selected Cairo to host the July 1-9 event. Any fears only heightened in recent months when more than 100 people were killed since December in four separate attacks targeting Christians claimed by the Islamic State group.
But Dempsey stressed that most of the danger is beyond Cairo, while the capital city is well protected. And Tooley said that during a recent discussion with FIBA it was revealed that security for the event had now fallen under the control of President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, rather than the office of sports ministry.
"So while we are very much aware of the challenges of security in Egypt, we have concluded that the venue " that is to say where the games will be played, the hotel, the transit zones " will be secured adequately and gives us confidence to send a team over there," Dempsey said.
USA Basketball took the unusual step of deciding that the U-19 team would be given the same level of security as an Olympic team, with more staff on the ground and greater intelligence shared. The Americans have been criticized for the lengths they go to comfort their millionaire players, such as staying on a cruise ship rather than the athletes' village in Rio, but NBA Finals MVP Kevin Durant said he's always felt safe while winning two Olympic golds and a world title with the Americans.
"I'm sure they've been doing their work for years in advance on this thing and trying to make sure it's perfect for the players, so I have no concerns that USA Basketball won't get it done," Durant said. "So hopefully everybody's comfortable going and have a great time and win a gold."
Though the Americans have won two straight golds in the 16-nation tournament, fielding a team is challenging. Many college coaches would prefer their incoming recruits on campus in summer school, and with the security concerns this time, Tooley figures some players Calipari may have wanted passed on invites to training camp next week.
But Chuma Okeke of Atlanta, who will be a freshman next season at Auburn, will be among the 28 players in Colorado Springs, Colorado. His mother, Renee, reached out to a USA Basketball official with some questions, but ultimately decided to let her son attend after getting the answers and doing enough research on her own into the situation in Egypt that she said she'd even feel comfortable going.
"It was explained to me that the USA Basketball security team is really experienced in that area so I really don't have any worries," she said. "They reassured me that my young man will be safe so I'm OK with it. And you know what, even if I wasn't, I could not stop Chuma from going. I could not. He understands what the climate is but he still wants to go."
And Dempsey feels the Americans should, not only to give their younger players experience with the international game, but to show FIBA they're a good partner. With their precautions in place, Dempsey said the Americans have done everything they can to be prepared " and now it's Calipari's turn.
"I said, 'OK Cal, now that we've got this behind us, how about you stop worrying about that?'" Dempsey said. "'We'll keep worrying about that, you go win us a gold medal.'"
Dubai: More than 2.3 million people have downloaded Dubai Police app on smart phones and they made more than 415,000 transactions amounting to Dh57.8 million last year.
Brigadier Khalid Nasser Al Razooqi, General Director of Smart Services at Dubai Police, said the Dubai Police app is proving to be popular among users. “The total numer of transactions processed through the smart app in 2016 were 415,276 compared to 339,227 in 2015. Motorists and other users paid Dh57.8 million through the application last year compared to Dh34.6 million in 2015,” Brigadier Al Razooqi said.
He said a total of 14,663 minor accidents were reported by the residents through the smart app last year.
Brigadier Al Razoooqi said a new service called a smart camera for blind people has been added to the app. “The camera records the environment around the blind person and after analysing the pictures the blind person is guided through the voice over."
He said the built-in map in the app can guide a person to the nearest hospitals and police stations.
Dubai Police called on the public to take advantage of these services which saves time and efforts.
Pay fines at post offices
Emirates Post on Monday announced that all post offices are accepting payment for traffic fines issued by Dubai Police, following the signing of an agreement between Dubai Police and Wall Street Exchange.
“The launch of this service is in line with the group's strategy of delivering multiple services under one roof through the postal network, thus saving the time and effort of individuals as well as business customers,” said Abdulla Mohammed Alashram, Acting CEO of Emirates Post Group.
Sultan Al Mahmoud, Acting Managing Director of Wall Street Exchange, expressed his pleasure over the introduction of the traffic fines payment service through Emirates Post Offices, thus offering an additional channel of payment for customers.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An explosive new trailer for Coronation Street has revealed how the downfall of Pat Phelan is triggered.
Viewers of the ITV1 soap have been left frustrated as evil builder Phelan continuously gets away with his murderous ways.
The Scouser has killed Vinny and Luke Britton during his time on the cobbles, but his time could be coming to an end.
An explosive new trailer for the show has revealed how Phelan gets his comeuppance - and it's set to air next week.
In the latest trailer fans see Phelan and Eileen arrive at a secluded cottage for a romantic break, but back in Weatherfield Phelan's murderous ways are revealed, reports the Liverpool Echo .
(Image: ITV)
Gary and Adam are seen in a police station, saying “Can you confirm you've found a gun” to which the policeman replies “Oh we found something else.” suggesting the bodies hidden at the mill have finally been discovered.
As Phelan looks at a news report on his phone of the police at the mill, Eileen gets a call from Tim saying “If you're with him Eileen you need to stay calm, you've got to get out of there as fast as you can.”
(Image: ITV)
Eileen puts down the phone to find her husband creeping up on her near a cliff edge.
Pat says “Make or break you said” as he and Eileen edge closer to the sheer drop and she begs him to reveal his crimes, saying “what have you done?"
The trailer ends with the voiceover saying: “It's time for the truth.”
The dramatic scenes will air next week, marking the end of Phelan's murderous activities on the cobbles.
But will Eileen be his last victim?
*Coronation Street contines on ITV at 7:30pm Monday.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala. (AP) — Alabama's U.S. Senate campaign entered its last day Monday with the candidates making final appeals for votes and a war of robocalls between President Donald Trump and former President Barack Obama. There was a flurry of bogus news as well.
Trump recorded a call touting Republican Roy Moore, accused by several women of sexual misconduct, and saying Republicans needed his vote in the Senate. Obama and former Vice President Joe Biden are supporting Democrat Doug Jones, seeking to break the GOP's lock on statewide office in Alabama.
With polls opening Tuesday, a flurry of bogus news stories has appeared on social media spreading misinformation about the race. One website falsely proclaimed that one of the women who have accused Moore of sexual misconduct had recanted. On the other side, Moore's detractors took to social media to falsely claim that Moore had written in a 2011 textbook that women shouldn't hold elected office.
Around 200 stories flagged as false or misleading relating to the race surfaced on Facebook by the weekend, according to a count by The Associated Press, one of several fact-checking organizations working with Facebook to deter the spread of false content on the platform.
In a morning stop at a diner in Birmingham, Jones accused Moore of disappearing during the campaign's closing days and claimed the Republican wasn't even in Alabama over the weekend.
“We're making sure our message is getting across while Roy Moore hides behind whoever he's hiding behind,” said Jones.
Moore has made only a few public appearances since women came forward to accuse him of sexual misconduct years ago — including one who said he molested her when she was 14. He was in Montgomery for a Christmas party on Sunday evening, but his campaign hasn't responded to questions about his whereabouts the rest of the weekend.
Moore was set to appear Monday night at a rally in rural southeast Alabama with former Trump chief strategist Steve Bannon, making his third trip to the state to support Moore.
Alabama Democrats see the special Senate election as a chance to renounce a history littered with politicians whose race-baiting, bombast and other baggage have long soiled the state's reputation beyond its borders.
Many Republicans see the vote as chance to ratify their conservative values and protect Trump's agenda ahead of the 2018 midterm elections.
Moore, a former judge twice removed as state chief justice for violating judicial ethics, has spent two decades advocating conservative Christian positions. Jones is a former federal prosecutor best known for prosecuting two Ku Klux Klansmen responsible for killing four black girls in a 1963 church bombing.
The winner will take the seat held previously by Trump's attorney general, Jeff Sessions. Republicans control the Senate with 52 seats.
The matchup mixes both Alabama's tortured history and the nation's current divisive, bitterly partisan politics, and it has made a spectacle of a Deep South state well acquainted with national scrutiny but not accustomed to competitive general elections.
“This is an election to tell the whole world what we stand for,” Jones told supporters at one stop Sunday, adding that his campaign “is on the right side of history.” At an earlier appearance, he declared Alabama is “at a crossroads” and that Moore, an unapologetic evangelical populist, tries only to “create conflict and division.”
Jones, 63, stops short of explicitly comparing Moore to the four-term Gov. George Wallace, whose populism was rooted in segregation. But Jones alluded Sunday to that era of Alabama politics.
“Elect a responsible man to a responsible office,” Jones said, repeating the campaign slogan of another Alabama governor, Albert Brewer, who nearly defeated Wallace in 1970 in a contest Alabama liberals and many moderates still lament as a lost opportunity.
Some of Jones' supporters put it even more bluntly. “I thought Alabama's image was pretty much at the bottom,” said Pat Lawrence, a retired software engineer in Huntsville. A Moore win, Lawrence added, “will be a whole new bottom.”
Those concerns extend even to some GOP quarters. Alabama's senior senator, Richard Shelby, confirmed Sunday that he did not vote for Moore, saying he wrote in another “distinguished” party figure he declined to name.
Yet for many Republicans, Moore is a paragon of traditional values. They reject accusations that he molested two teenage girls and pursued relationships with others decades ago. Moore denies the charges.
“Everyone has to vote their convictions,” said Kevin Mims of Montgomery, as he held his Bible outside his Baptist church Sunday in Montgomery. “My conviction is he's the right man for the job.”
Where Moore's critics see a state judge who defied federal courts, including the U.S. Supreme Court's decision legalizing same-sex marriage, Mims sees a stalwart who stands “on the word of God.” Other conservatives see an anti-establishment firebrand in the mold of Trump, who won Alabama by 28 percentage points.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws Pause
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
0:41 Cal Poly Rose Parade float heads to Pasadena under the cover of darkness
0:44 How an officer can tell whether a driver is stoned
1:11 How the Paso Robles Police Department is using body cameras
0:07 Timelapse video: Watch Cal Poly students decorate their 2017 Rose Parade float
1:40 A look back at SLO startup Shopatron, as Kibo announces local layoffs
0:28 Atascadero's Elijah Cooks turns Lompoc game into dunk contest
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
Three-star prospect Josiah Miamen already had what he called "a strong opinion" of Northwestern before he took his first visit to Evanston this weekend. So his overnight visit experience only "solidified" what he already thought about the Wildcat program.
However, the Dunlap (Ill.) standout was "blown away" by Northwestern's new practice facility on the lakefront, a development that he said will make it that much harder to choose another school.
Miamen talks about his visit and reveals the position the Wildcats want him to play in this premium WildcatReport recruiting story.
By Sam Eyoboka
CATHOLIC Archbishop Emeritus of Lagos, Anthony Cardinal Okogie, has expressed fears of Nigerians entrusting their security in the government of President Muhammadu Buhari.
Okogie in a nine-paragraph letter he personally signed, yesterday, said his fears were founded in the President's admittance that he didn't know that the Inspector of Police, Ibrahim, Idris, flouted his order to remain in Benue in the wake of the new year day killing by herdsmen that claimed 73 lives.
He said: “In Nigeria's security architecture, the President, as Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces, appoints and oversees all service chiefs, including the Inspector-General of Police. They take orders from him. He assures us that he receives regular security briefings. But he has just made a candid admission that he is not in control of his service chiefs.
“He ordered the Inspector-General to relocate to Benue State in January. He admitted in March that he did not know the order was flouted. Does the Inspector General of Police brief the President? Will the President fire him? Is it wise for Nigerians to count on this government for their security?
“In affront to his person and office, his order was flouted, there were killings in Plateau State during his visit, and more killings in Taraba, Benue and Kogi states. Boko Haram, said by the President's spokesmen to be degraded and technically defeated, abducted 110 schoolgirls in Yobe State. Are the service chiefs still taking orders? Is the President still in control of security?
“Instead of declaring the murderous herdsmen a terrorist organisation, the President offers pious exhortation to their victims to love their neighbours. His party and the ruling party of yesterday score cheap political points, comparing notes on levels of incompetence and gravity of negligence in security matters displayed by their respective governments.
“The ruling party of today claims its government acted faster in Dapchi than the government of the ruling party of yesterday in Chibok. Both gloss over a disturbing question: where were our security operatives when our innocent daughters were abducted first in Chibok, and then, in Dapchi?”
“Our security is not only threatened by herdsmen. It is also threatened by the incompetence of our leaders, their conduct or misconduct, their greedy unethical glorification of perks of office. If, as one senator recently said, each senator receives 13.5 million naira per month as running cost, added to 720, 000-naira monthly salary, then our security is threatened. Interestingly, the Senate has not contradicted what this senator said. The senator himself has not told Nigerians if he too had been receiving this huge amount.
“A senator should be able to do his work with half that amount, even with less. So, one may want to divide what Nigeria spends annually on her senators by two. The result would be 9, 299, 880, 000 naira. If that were divided by the number of universities in this country which is 175, the result would be 53, 142, 171 naira. Give that to each university for its library. It will drastically improve the quality of education in this country.
“But the scandal is not just the amount we spend on our senators. Nigeria spends so much on government. Yet, there is little or no governance. We spend so much maintaining the President, 36 Governors, close to 50 Ministers, members of a bicameral National Assembly, and members of 36 state houses of assembly, advisers and special advisers, assistants and senior personal assistants. It is a security risk to spend so much on political office holders that Nigeria does not need while our education sector is in decay.
“Education is the acquisition of wealth for human development, the assurance of prosperity and security in the land. Half of the huge amount of money devoted to servicing political office holders in Nigeria can be spent on education. That will vastly improve our prospects for prosperity and security. To do otherwise is to sentence this country to a future of unending poverty and insecurity. That Nigeria invests more in her recycled politicians than in her youths is a breach of security that mortgages her future.
“But education is not the only neglected sector in this country. Uninterrupted electricity remains a fleeting illusion. That certainly affects security. It affects the economy too. Without electricity, this country cannot grow her economy. Nigerians hear of economic recovery.
‘'But it is not felt in their pockets. Many are dying of hunger. Salaries are not paid. School fees cannot be paid. Parents withdraw children from school. Meanwhile, Nigeria's politicians, paid huge sums of money, throw lavish wedding parties, at a time of heightened insecurity, and the President and Vice President lead the guests.
“Lust for perks of office has made elections into public offices in Nigeria a security concern. Machiavellian politics has become the most lucrative business. Nigerians must reflect on these questions before voting next year: when shall we have a government and Commander-in-Chief that truly protect us?
‘'Will there ever be conversion of hearts among Nigeria's politicians? When will Nigerian political office holders begin to serve those whose votes put them in office? Can it be said that this narrative of negligence, incompetence, greed and insecurity is a prelude to 2019? We are watching and waiting.''
(CNN) -- A Texas lawmaker is lucky to be alive after an apparently stray bullet hit his head during a New Year's celebration early Sunday, authorities said.
State Rep. Armando "Mando" Martinez, D-Weslaco, said his wife had just given him a kiss shortly after ringing in the new year with family and friends, and the next thing he knew, "it felt like a sledgehammer hit me over the head."
A bullet fragment had just punctured the top of the south Texas legislator's head.
Martinez said he had just stepped outside a home in a rural neighborhood north of Weslaco when he was hit.
Martinez, 40, was transferred to the neurosurgical unit at Valley Baptist Medical Center in Harlingen, where surgeons removed the bullet fragment. The fragment had penetrated his skull and lodged itself into the dura mater, the top layer of the brain, doctors told Martinez.
The fragment appears to be from a .223 caliber round, said Martinez, who spoke to CNN by phone on Sunday while recovering at the hospital.
"Had it gone any further, I don't think we would be having this conversation," Martinez said.
Hidalgo County Sheriff Eddie Guerra said Martinez's survival was nothing short of a miracle.
The sheriff's office is investigating the shooting, and investigators "have reason to believe that (Martinez) was hit by a stray bullet," county sheriff's office spokesman JP Rodriguez said.
"There is no evidence to indicate he was targeted," Rodriguez said.
"It was a miracle last night. I was given another chance at life and I'm grateful for it," Martinez said.
Martinez was elected to a seventh term in November and scheduled to take the oath of office January 10.
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
Freeman Technology is pleased to announce the release of ‘Developing a Design Space for a Die Filling Operation'.
Filling is a common operation across many industries, although fill weights and tolerances vary widely. The properties that influence efficiency will depend on the type of equipment being used, e.g. gravity driven or force-fed as well as factors such as geometry of the feedframe, flow rate through the process and characteristics of the powder. The wide variation in each variable creates a complex challenge.
This application note presents a study where the FT4 Powder Rheometer® is used to evaluate the compatibility of material properties with the conditions imposed in the processing environment.
Please click here to view or download the application note.
~First-of-its-kind Independent Oral Cancer Task Force in India~
On the occasion of World Cancer Day, 4 February 2018, an Independent Oral Cancer Task Force has been launched to develop a strategy for oral cancer control in India over the next decade. This multidisciplinary task force comprises leading specialists who will contribute their expertise to address the burden of oral cancer. The mission of the task force will be to ideate, educate and engage stakeholders, thereby effectively down-staging oral cancer in India. The expected outcome would be to develop a national, cost-effective, patient-centric and sustainable oral cancer control program.
The Oral Cancer Task Force will
· create a master plan leveraging technology and partnerships
· develop a framework for operational control and impact measurement
· establish relevant benchmarks and reference points through primary and secondary research
· synchronize oral cancer control efforts with the broader national cancer control program
· enhance and update skills of healthcare professionals
· establish an environment that reduces the risk factors (tobacco, alcohol, areca nut, HPV) through policy change and public awareness
· strengthen the National Cancer Registry and surveillance systems
· map tertiary centers and provide linkages to care.
The independent Oral Cancer Task Force includes recognized experts in their respective fields.
Dr Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw, Founder & Managing Trustee, Biocon Foundation
Dr G K Rath, Chief, Dr. B R Ambedkar Institute Rotary Cancer Hospital, Professor of Radiation Oncology & Head, National Cancer Institute, AIIMS, Delhi
Dr Pankaj Chaturvedi, Professor and Head & Neck Cancer Surgeon, Tata Memorial Hospital, Mumbai
Dr Kumar Prabhash, Professor, Medical Oncologist, Tata Memorial Hospital, Mumbai
Dr Vijay Chandru, Chairman, Strand Life Sciences, Bengaluru
Dr Moni Abraham Kuriakose, Director, Cochin Cancer Research Centre
Dr Praveen Birur N, Professor & Head of Oral Medicine and Radiology, KLES Institute of Dental Sciences, Bengaluru, Lead – Oral Cancer Program, Biocon Foundation
Oral cancer which is the most common cancer in India amongst men (11.3% of all cancers) and the third most frequently occurring cancer in India amongst both men and women, has seen high incidence of mortality and morbidity that is preventable. Most often, oral cancer is preceded by visually detectable, oral potentially malignant disorders, which present a unique opportunity for the early detection of lesions. Hence it is vital to strengthen the strategies to down-stage oral cancer.
Speaking on the occasion Dr Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw, Founder & Managing Trustee, Biocon Foundation and Convenor of the Oral Cancer Task Force said, “Treatment of oral cancer is a multidisciplinary approach, involving the efforts of dental practitioners, surgeons, medical and radiation oncologists and researchers. The task force that we have established reflects this multidisciplinary requirement. We have therefore come together as a group of independent professionals to constitute a task force to ideate, educate and engage stakeholders, in order to effectively down-stage oral cancer in the next decade.”
Emphasizing the need for the Task Force, Dr. G K Rath, Head, National Cancer Institute, AIIMS said, “Mortality and morbidity of oral cancer is very high in view of presentation at an advanced stage but this is largely a preventable disease. National Cancer Institute India has been created for this purpose as a centre of national importance which will conduct research into all aspects including prevention, early diagnosis and management. This is the largest single healthcare project of India.”
Dr Pankaj Chaturvedi, Professor and Head & Neck Cancer Surgeon, Tata Memorial Hospital, Mumbai said, “Oral cancer is the most common cause of cancer-related death among Indian men. It is not only an unnecessary human loss but also a huge loss of productivity for India. It is time to wipe out the stigma of India being the oral cancer capital of the world”.
“Oral cancer is primarily related to the use of tobacco which is very common in India. The best way to prevent oral cancer is to stop tobacco use completely. Through this task force, we aim to create awareness and work on ways to prevent and enable early detection of cancer.” said Dr. Kumar Prabhash, Medical Oncologist, Tata Memorial Hospital.
The Guest of Honour, Dr K B Linge Gowda, Director, Kidwai Memorial Institute of Oncology, commended the efforts of the task force to down-stage oral cancer in India.
Steve Hansen's assistant Ian Foster has expressed concerns about his readiness to become the next All Blacks coach and is no certainty for the top job.
And New Zealand Rugby general manager Neil Sorensen has confirmed that overseas-based Kiwis such as Ireland's success story Joe Schmidt can step straight into the All Blacks job after the next World Cup.
Sorensen's interview with Newstalk ZB's Mark Watson has raised the first official doubts about Foster taking over from Hansen.
Sorensen, the effective number two to NZR's ironman leader Steve Tew, indicated that the succession plan since the Graham Henry era is not necessarily a blueprint set in stone. He also raised the possibility that Hansen, who had initially intended stepping down at the end of last year, might carry on if he won the 2019 World Cup in Japan.
Advertisement
It now appears that Foster's lack of overseas coaching experience could count against him.
While Henry's assistant Hansen had minimal head coaching experience in New Zealand when taking over after the 2011 World Cup triumph, he had coached Wales. Foster was head coach at the Chiefs, but had limited success there and has not been overseas yet.
When asked if the next appointment would be a "transparent process" Sorensen said: "Absolutely, 100 per cent. The process has already been signed off by the board.
Read more:
NZR club plan to stop ABs exodus
Not perfect, but Hamilton revives New Zealand sevens
"We will ensure that when we go to market in December 2019 that there are as many Kiwis as possible available. That's got to be our job. Our plan of attack is to make sure that those coaches overseas know what our process is and what we are looking for.
"I know there have been limitations in the past of people coming back, making sure they are familiar with our environment first.
All Blacks TJ Perenara and Ian Foster after their win against Australia in the Bledisloe Cup. Photo / Brett Phibbs.
"But we've loosened the requirement for the All Black coach to match Super coaches — all Kiwi coaches offshore will be available. We want them to be available to coach the All Blacks."
Of the coaches who do go overseas, Sorensen said "we don't see them gone from our family...most come back and say they are better coaches from being in the overseas environments.
"I can tell you that Fozzie is really clear, and we're clear at our place, that when he signed with us to extend his contract, he said 'I'm worried - maybe I need to go offshore for a while and come back'.
"He made that decision to stick around with a successful All Black side...when the panel sits down they will have to take that into account. Fozzie will be sitting there thinking 'maybe I should have gone offshore and it will count against me'
"He is not sitting there saying 'I'm next after Steve Hansen. He will be putting his hand up like everybody else..
"Anyone with a decent sporting brain knows maybe half a dozen or more guys out there are capable of stepping into that environment and doing a fantastic job. The 16 or 15 people around Steve Hansen are pretty good operators as well.
"We're not complacent...one of the challenges might be we win the World Cup and Steve Hansen says I want to have another crack, I'm only 58. It would be bloody hard (to say no to Hansen) after three victories."
Schmidt, who would be a frontrunner, is contracted with Ireland until the end of the 2019 tournament.
Meanwhile despite his own reservations, Sorensen defended the Crusaders' appointment of Ronan O'Gara as an assistant coach, saying it would help expose New Zealand to the differences in northern hemisphere rugby. He did not think there should be any recriminations if Ireland's O'Gara went on to help topple the All Blacks at a World Cup.
"(but) my gut feel is I would rather it is a Kiwi (at the Crusaders), but they're giving it a crack," he said.
To get the day's top sports stories in your inbox, sign up to our newsletter here
Rep. Lois Capps, D-Santa Barbara, on Wednesday spoke out against the Offshore Energy and Jobs Act (House Resolution 2231), which will be considered on the House floor later this week.
The bill dramatically expands offshore drilling nationwide, and mandates immediate oil and gas lease sales off the coasts of Santa Barbara and Ventura counties.
Capps spoke on the House floor Wednesday in opposition to the bill, and sent a letter to the Natural Resources Committee earlier this month opposing the legislation. Similar legislation has been considered on the House floor every year since 2011, but has never advanced in the Senate.
“The so-called Offshore Energy and Jobs Act is nothing more than another old idea that will not become law,” Capps said. “We've voted on a form of this legislation in each of the last three years, but it has gone absolutely nowhere every time. Instead of working on new, more sustainable energy ideas, the Majority is yet again wasting time on another misguided, destructive and unnecessary offshore drilling bill. I'm also particularly dismayed that the bill explicitly targets the Central Coast for expanded drilling, despite the fact that local residents have repeatedly made it clear that they don't want it.”
Capps, a member of the House Committee on Energy and Commerce, will offer an amendment to strike the section of the legislation which mandates the new drilling off the Central Coast. She also proposed an amendment to prohibit new leases on any federal lands adjacent to a coastal state which has a moratorium on offshore oil, gas and mining activities. The Majority did not allow this amendment to be considered on the House floor.
Earlier this week, Capps also reintroduced the California Ocean and Coastal Protection Act (H.R. 2486), which would permanently ban new exploration and drilling for oil and gas off California's coast.
— Ashley Schapitl is press secretary for Rep. Lois Capps, D-Santa Barbara.
Egypt forward Mohamed Salah's shoulder injury will keep him out of action for three to four weeks, Liverpool's club physio has said, meaning he could miss the World Cup group stage.
The 25-year-old is desperate to play for Egypt in only their third World Cup and their first for 28 years but faces a race against time to be fit for next month's Group A games.
“He is sad about what happened but is totally focused on recovery, seeing when he can be ready,” physio Ruben Pons told Spanish sports newspaper Marca of the injury to Salah during Liverpool's Champions League final defeat by Real Madrid.
“In principle it will be between three and four weeks but we will try to reduce those dates, that's the big goal,” he added.
“Salah has not told me anything about Sergio Ramos. I don't think he is angry with him. It was an accidental challenge.”
Egypt begin their World Cup campaign against Uruguay on June 15th, before facing hosts Russia on June 19th and Saudi Arabia on June 25th, meaning if Salah takes four weeks to recover he could be fit in time for the knockout phase.
On Sunday, Salah posted a message saying: “It was a very tough night, but I'm a fighter. Despite the odds, I'm confident that I'll be in Russia to make you all proud. Your love and support will give me the strength I need.”
Egypt reached the tournament after Salah scored a 95th minute penalty to help them beat Congo 2-1 in October.
Salah, who scored 44 goals in a sensational first season for Liverpool after joining from AS Roma, was voted Player of the Year by the Football Writers' Association this month, completing a sweep of England's individual prizes and becoming the first African player to win the prestigious award.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tony Pulis is open to offers for Nacer Chadli as West Bromwich Albion brace themselves for a sizeable bid from Swansea.
Swansea are expected to put an end to one of the most protracted transfer sagas of this window by selling Gylfi Sigurdsson to Everton this week.
The Swans are likely to bank £50 million for the Icelandic star and are set to use some of the cash to fund a £20 million swoop for Chadli.
"It's been publicised that Swansea are interested in Nacer – if they are, we'll deal with Swansea," Pulis said.
"At the moment Nacer is with us and I hope he stays with us."
Pulis and Chadli fell out after the Belgian refused to attend the gruelling pre-season training camp in Austria, preferring to complete his own fitness programme at home.
Chadli was left on the bench during Albion's 1-0 win over Bournemouth on Saturday.
But Pulis insists "there's no problem with Nacer".
"You have your ups and downs like every family, but Nacer has trained hard this week and he's worked well," Pulis said.
Chadli became the club's record signing when he joined from Tottenham Hotspur for £13 million just over a year ago.
Tony Pulis reveals exactly how he prepared his West Brom players to beat Bournemouth
The 27-year-old made a storming start to his Albion career, scoring four goals and assisting two in his first five games.
His early season form earned a recall to the Belgium national team, but Chadli lost his way and never really reproduced his best after undergoing knee surgery in November.
Pulis certainly isn't entertaining at this stage the idea of building a team around Chadli.
"Who Nas?! Let's just get our players in first and decide then from who we bring in and what we bring in," Pulis said.
"I'm excited about the opportunity of trying to get some of these players in.
"I hope and pray that we can do it and then it will give everyone a great fillip."
Kacy, a first baseman, was selected by the Blue Jays in the eighth round of last year's MLB Draft.
He started the year with the Lansing Lugnuts and is now with single-A Dunedin of the Florida State League.
KEN GRIFFEY SR., KEN GRIFFEY JR.
The Griffeys made history in 1990 when they became the first father and son to take the field at the same time as teammates.
Batting second for the Seattle Mariners, Griffey Sr., hit a single against Kansas City Royals pitcher Storm Davis and Griffey Jr., followed with a single of his own.
They topped that a couple weeks later by hitting back-to-back homers against California Angels starter Kirk McCaskill.
CECIL FIELDER, PRINCE FIELDER
Cecil Fielder had eye-popping power at the plate and his son Prince was no different.
Both reached the 50-home run plateau (Cecil in 1990, Prince in 2007) and both cleared the 300-homer mark for their careers.
Cecil, a three-time all-star, spent parts of four seasons with the Blue Jays before blossoming with the Detroit Tigers in the 1990s.
Prince spent the first half of his career in Milwaukee but also had two all-star seasons with the Tigers.
CRAIG BIGGIO, CAVAN BIGGIO
Craig Biggio spent two decades in the big leagues. The Toronto Blue Jays are hoping his son Cavan will also enjoy a long career at the top level.
Cavan, a fifth-round pick in 2016, is enjoying a strong season at double-A New Hampshire.
The hype may be focused on teammates Vladimir Guerrero, Jr., and Bo Bichette, but Biggio is quietly hovering around the top of the league in several offensive categories.
Craig Biggio, a seven-time all-star, played his entire career with the Houston Astros.
———
Follow @GregoryStrongCP on Twitter.
By Gregory Strong, The Canadian Press
The upcoming event will be held across three venues in the UK on various dates next month
Exertis has revealed the names of speakers presenting its first ever series of keynotes dedicated to rugged technology.
There will be three hosts altogether, including Dell US senior executive David Poulin and Dell national workstation technologist John Burton. The third is Steve Heaword, founder of rugged sportswear specialist Crib Gogh.
The Basingstoke-based distributor's upcoming event will be held across multiple venues in the UK on three dates next month. Locations are the Ricoh Arena in Coventry (September 19), the Madejski Stadium in Reading (September 26) and the Macron Stadium in Bolton (September 28).
Exertis computing general manager Simon Barnard said: “Technology isn't confined to the office or home. In many scenarios, users expect to be able to use a mobile device outdoors, sometimes in extreme conditions. A rugged device is especially important where organisations cannot afford to compromise on productivity and reliability.
“Equally, a workstation is key for users with specialist and often critical requirements that demand more power and consistent reliability. These events will enable our resellers to find out more about how they can take advantage of both market opportunities with great propositions from Dell EMC.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The M6 Toll motorway has been sold to an Australian pension fund which co-owns Manchester Airport, scuppering any chance of it coming under public control.
IFM has bought the UK's only pay-as-you-go motorway after last month emerging as the front runner to complete the deal.
The 27-mile toll road opened in December 2003 and was originally owned by Australian bank Macquarie before a group of 27 lenders bought the motorway in December 2013 and then put it up for sale at a price of around £1.9 billion.
Sources at IFM have confirmed the sale but the investment group is yet to make any public comment on the deal.
The aim of the M6 Toll has always been to ease congestion on the M6 and roads around north Birmingham which can become heavily clogged at rush hour and when there is an accident or breakdown.
But the price of using the toll has been a constant topic of debate, with drivers saying it is too expensive to use regularly.
It charges between £3.80 and £5.50 for cars and up to £11 for large lorries and coaches.
In February last year, the region's road network ground to halt for a day after an overnight crash on the M6 at Castle Bromwich meant the road had to be closed in both directions for resurfacing.
A string of recommendations were made in a subsequent enquiry while Solihull MP Julian Knight asked transport ministers to make the M6 Toll free in emergencies.
There has also been calls to make the road permanently free of charge.
Index Markets Research offers a detailed research on Global Seed Treatment Market with the future prospects of the market to provide the current state and emerging trends in the market. The report covers methodical outlook by considering aspects such as market growth, market demands, business strategies, consumption volume, market trends and industry cost structure during the forecast period 2018-2025. New vendors in the market are facing tough competition from established international vendors as they struggle with technological innovations, reliability and quality issues. The Prominent Manufacturers included Syngenta, Bayer, Monsanto, Platform Specialty Products Corporation, Nufarm Limited, FMC Corporation.
The Seed Treatment Market report includes a brief on these trends that can help the businesses operating in the industry to understand the market and strategize for their business expansion accordingly. The research report analyzes the market size, industry share, growth, key segments, CAGR and key drivers. In this part, the report presents the company profile, product specifications, capacity, production value, and 2013-2018 market shares for each company. Through the statistical analysis, the report depicts the global total market of Seed Treatment industry including capacity, production, production value, cost/profit, supply/demand and import/export. The total market is further divided by company, by country, and by application/type for the competitive landscape analysis.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-seed-treatment-market/10136/#requestforsample
The Seed Treatment Market report gives a description of the competitive nature of the market, market shares, and its growth rates based on 5-year history data along with company profile of key players/manufacturers. The Porter's Five Forces model and the SWOT analysis are also a fraction of this study so as to assist businessmen in recognizing the spirited background of the market. This is The market report integrates a study of the investment charisma of the market, and the end consumers have been standardized based on their general attractiveness, rate of development, and size of the market.It provides overview with growth analysis and historical & futuristic cost, revenue, volume delivered (in kilo tons) and the income it produces (in US$), demand and supply data (as applicable). The research analysts provide an elaborate description of the value chain and its distributor analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Seed Treatment Market Products Type Segmentation : Syngenta, Bayer, Monsanto, Platform Specialty Products Corporation, Nufarm Limited, FMC Corporation.
Seed Treatment Market Applications Segmentation : Cereals, Oil Crops, Fruits and Vegetables.
Key Highlights of the Seed Treatment Market :
1) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
2) Analyze the opportunities in the market for stakeholders by identifying the high growth segments.
3) It depicts parameters such as production value, capacity in a statistical format that is accurately fathomed by the readers.
4) Strategically analyze each submarket with respect to individual growth trend and their contribution to the market.
5) Strategically profile the key players and comprehensively analyze their growth strategies.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-seed-treatment-market/10136/#inquiry
In the conclusion, The Seed Treatment market downstream consumer analysis, upstream raw materials, different types of equipment are concealed in the report. Research findings, conclusions, industry feasibility analysis, vendors and traders involved, appendix data and figures in the form of tables, graphs, and pie-charts.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Chicago police: Officers fatally shot armed man during chase
hello
CHICAGO -- Chicago police say officers shot and killed a man who confronted them with a gun during a foot chase on the city's West Side.
In a statement, police say officers responded to a call of a man with a weapon around 8 p.m. Tuesday.
Spokesman Anthony Guglielmi says officers found a man with a gun. He says there was a brief foot chase followed by a "confrontation," and that officers shot the man multiple times. The unidentified man was later pronounced dead.
Guglielmi says police recovered a semi-automatic handgun.
Chicago's Civilian Office of Police Accountability is investigating, including reviewing body camera footage and speaking with witnesses.
The officers involved have been placed on a 30-day administrative duty.
New Delhi, April 23, 2018- Quotation Management Software is software which creates maintains and send he prices proposal to the set of customers. It manages all the prices proposals in organized and systematic manner, along with the maintained of records for future references.
The good news is that there is some excellent invoicing software on the market right now, much of it completely free, with optional premium upgrades or small pay-as-you-go credit-card processing fees. From freelancers who send five or six invoices a month to larger businesses that need time tracking for multiple employees, there is a free solution for almost everyone.
Create quotes quickly from anywhere
Create and send quotes in minutes using the contact, inventory and pricing information you've set up in Sagar Informatics. Use your Smartphone to send quotes on the the spot, from wherever you are.
Customize quotes to suit your business
Send professional-looking quotes using our customizable template. Simply fill in your details, upload your logo and choose a theme to suit your business. If you prefer, you can change quotes to estimates.
Check the status of quotes online
With Sagar Informatics, you can identify quotes that have been sent out and see if they've been viewed. Use online quotes to see whether they've been accepted or if you need to follow up.
Prospective customers can accept, decline or comment on the quote with the click of a button. Easily edit and resend a quote if you need to.
Turn quotes into invoices
Save time and avoid data entry errors by using online quotes in Sagar Informatics to create invoices. Creating an invoice pulls in all the details directly from the quote. You can edit, add and remove items as necessary.
Simplify the process, reduce the amount of time you spend on admin and you're more likely to get paid on time.
If you are looking for free Quote Management Software, you are in the right place. Sagar Informatics is a free CRM with unlimited quotes and invoices. Unlike other free quotation invoice solutions, Sagar Informatics quotes and invoices are fully customizable and come with powerful tools, like multiple currency support, taxes, automatic numbering, product catalog and email marketing. You can take a free demo for Quotation Software to see how they work. Full quotation/invoice manual is available as well.
Contact Us:-
Sagar Informatics Pvt. Ltd.
67 D/1, Second Floor,
Om Shanti Building,
Opposite Canara Bank,
Munirka, New Delhi-110067
COCONUT CREEK, Fla. - Fred Guttenberg said he was enraged Tuesday. The grieving father attended the first public meeting of the state's public safety commission in Coconut Creek.
Guttenberg's 14-year-old daughter, Jaime, was killed during the Valentine's Day massacre at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School. He said he was outraged when the commissioners discussed the miscommunications between the Broward Sheriff's Office and the Coral Springs Police Department.
"It was a cluster -- you know what -- of errors and mistakes, and my kid is dead, and just, I'm venting here ... had there been a proper response, this guy never makes it to the third floor," Guttenberg said referring to Nikolas Cruz.
The reported failures of the Broward County's 911 system upset Guttenberg, who has been public about his grief. He said it pains him to learn that "everything that could have gone wrong," leading up to the day when Cruz killed her daughter, went wrong.
After the commission's public meeting ended, Guttenberg talked to Max Schachter, the father of Alex Schachter, who is a member of the commission. The two hugged and said their goodbyes before Schachter talked to reporters and left on a tour of the building on campus.
"It's going to be difficult," Schachter said before leaving.
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
A private gauge indicates that India's manufacturing sector will shrink for the first time in a year as Prime Minister Narendra Modi's unprecedented clampdown on cash hurts demand.
The Nikkei India Manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index was at 49.6 in December, a report showed on Monday, the lowest since December 2015. A number below 50 indicates a contraction, according to Bloomberg.
"Shortages of money in the economy steered output and new orders in the wrong direction, thereby interrupting a continuous sequence of growth that had been seen throughout 2016," economist Pollyanna De Lima wrote in the report. "Cash flow issues among firms also led to reductions in purchasing activity and employment."
A continued slowdown will strip India of its position as one of the world's fastest-growing big economies and risk a political backlash against Modi. PMI data is due from India's key services sector on Wednesday before focus shifts to the government's first official growth estimate for the year through March.
Other recent data also mirror the stress. Motorcycle maker Bajaj Auto Ltd.'s total sales slipped 22 percent in December, the steepest fall in at least 21 months. Motorcycle sales — a key indicator of rural demand — declined 18 percent. India's biggest automaker by volume, Maruti Suzuki Ltd., reported a 4.4 percent drop in domestic December sales, the first decline in six months, while overall sales fell one percent from a year earlier.
India's economy will grow 6.9 percent in the year through March, according to the median estimate in a Bloomberg survey published late last month. That's slower than the 7.3 percent predicted by a survey in November and the previous year's 7.6 percent actual expansion.
You will be shocked to know these educational qualifications of world's most dangerous terrorists
According to the recent reports, most of the terrorists around the world are highly qualified, educated and rich as well.
Hafiz Saeed
Hafiz Saeed is the master mind behind 26/11 Mumbai attack. He is a highly educated man and served as a Islamic Studies Teacher in University of Engineering and Technology.
David Headley
David Headley's father is Pakistani but his mother is an American origin. He is also suspected of Mumbai 2008 attack. He studied in Valley Forge Military Academy but at Philadelphia.
Osama Bin Laden
Osama Bin Laden is the mastermind of 26/11. He's done civil engineering from King Abdulaziz University in Jeddah after attending schools like Brummana High School, Al-Thager Model School, King Abdulaziz University.
Dawood Ibrahim
Indian police is still in search of this criminal and mastermind. He started from Mumbai but now in Pakistan according to source. But basically High School drop out.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The man who killed two young brothers in a hit-and-run in Coventry will have his sentence referred to the Court of Appeal.
Little Corey and Casper Platt-May were struck by Robert Brown, 53, in a devastating crash earlier this year.
He has been sentenced to nine years in prison.
The 53-year-old has been disqualified for driving for 10 years and six months following his release.
But CoventryLive reports the sentence was referred to the Attorney General's office to consider the matter under the unduly lenient sentence scheme.
A spokesman for the Solicitor General - part of the Attorney General's office - said: " After careful consideration, the Solicitor General referred the case of Robert Brown to the Court of Appeal under the Unduly Lenient Sentence scheme.
"We await a date for the hearing."
Brown was high on cocaine when he drove his Ford Focus into six-year-old Corey and his younger brother Casper, two, in Longfellow Road, Stoke, on February 22.
The 53-year-old, of Attwood Crescent, Wyken, later admitted two counts of causing death by dangerous driving, as well as driving while disqualified and having no insurance and or a valid licence.
The judge who handed down Brown's sentence, Judge Andrew Lockhart, said that he would have served 12 years behind bars had the case gone to trial, but ordered him to serve nine years imprisonment after having a quarter knocked off for his guilty plea.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
It has also been announced today that the inquest into death of Corey and Casper's father, Reece Platt-May, who was found dead in a Greek hotel on May 17, will take place tomorrow.
While only the judge can explain precisely why he landed at the final sentence of nine years, we are able to shed some light on the guidelines he has to adhere by.
Sentencing guidelines dictate that sentences at the most serious level of the charge - causing death by dangerous driving - have a starting point of eight years in prison with a range from seven to 14 years.
Moving from the starting point, the judge then has to take in to account any aggravating or mitigating factors.
Aggravating factors include: previous convictions, more than one person killed, other offences committed at the same time and the offender leaving the scene.
Conversely, mitigating factors include: the victim being a close friend or family member, the offender being seriously injured, lack of driving experience, or was the driving in response to a genuine emergency.
Once the judge has added or taken away time for those factors, they must then consider if a guilty plea was entered and, if so, when.
(Image: West Midlands Police)
If a guilty plea was entered at the first possible opportunity (initial hearing in magistrates' court) then a reduction of one-third is taken off the sentence.
If the guilty plea is entered after the first magistrates' hearing, but is then done so at the first crown court hearing, a reduction of one-quarter is applied.
In Brown's case, his sentence had he been convicted after trial would have been 12 years, but this was reduced to nine years (a quarter reduction) due to his guilty plea entered at the first crown court hearing.
Rebecca Hearsey, specialist lawyer at Irwin Mitchell representing the boys' parents, Louise and Reece, said: “We often see first-hand the devastation and heartbreak that is caused by the reckless and selfish actions of drivers such as Robert Brown who pose a real danger on our roads.
"Judges are hamstrung by current sentencing tariffs and many people will be shocked by the apparent lenient sentence that Robert Brown has received.
“While it is sadly too late for Corey and Casper's family and many other families that have been ripped apart because of drivers who kill or seriously injure loved ones, we hope that the tragic deaths of Corey and Casper highlight the need for judges to be allowed to impose more stringent sentences in such cases if they deem appropriate.
“We welcome the Ministry of Justice's proposals to introduce tougher sentences and would ask that these proposals are turned into law at the earliest possible opportunity.
“Hopefully they will act as a deterrent and help motorists to think about the consequences of their actions, so the number of people killed or badly injured on our roads reduces.”
No excuses. It's a term we've heard Broc Tickle use quite a bit since his switch to Red Bull KTM this off-season, as he's equipped with the same bike/team/trainer combination that once belonged to Ryan Dungey. It's also the same combination that delivered the last three Monster Energy Supercross Championships. Tickle isn't talking title, but he does expect to up his game this year. How's he getting on with the program that once belonged to the champ? We caught up with the new Red Bull KTM rider at the KTM media intro last week. Racer X: We're here at the KTM intro for the new bike and for the team. How's everything going?
Broc Tickle: Really good. I just flew in Saturday for this. Been in Florida the last month. It's been going really well. The program down there has been really good to be part of. Definitely feel like I've made some improvements. Looking forward to being here a couple days and riding the new track here and head back there this week. You're normally based in California. Once you joined the team, you decided to make the jump to go over to the Baker's Factory. How's all that going over there?
It's been going good. Like I said, I've been there for a month now. I feel like we've made improvements for sure. Obviously, riding with Marvin [Musquin] and Zach [Osborne], and I believe Jason [Anderson] is coming back after this week too, so heading into Anaheim I'll be around the guys that are pretty much expected to win races. I think that's just going to up me. Then I feel like during the week, it's been good for me to ride with people that have been quite a bit faster than me pretty much every day. So, it's keeping me on my feet. Obviously, I don't want to be the slowest guy at the track. It's been keeping me hungry and keeping me trying to get better each time we go out.
Tickle moves over from RCH Suzuki, which closed following the 2017 season, to Red Bull KTM. Simon Cudby
Have you noticed a huge improvement in your fitness yet?
I think it's just the atmosphere. Obviously, we're surrounded by me, myself, Marv, Zach, and Aldon. We all have a common goal. For myself, it's podiums and top-fives. I feel like that's realistic. With Marv, obviously winning races is going to be the goal, and Zach the same thing. With all of us working together, it just creates a good bond and pushes all of us each and every time we go out and ride. I think that part of it is good for us. Obviously, training. We've been putting in a lot of work, but from that I think just the atmosphere. It's a positive atmosphere. It's been really good to be a part of. Obviously, there are some days where it's been tough, but with that atmosphere it made it easier. You guys have a new track out here. Have you gotten a chance to ride it yet?
No, I haven't. It's pretty cool that you guys have access to this, being basically half a block away from the HQ. Are you planning on spending any more time here to do some testing?
No, I'm here for the two days for the launch and then our photoshoot tomorrow, then heading back to Florida. I'll just be back here during the West Coast rounds to ride the track. It's awesome to have a track so close to the shop. It makes it easier. I feel like we have a good track on our hands just because Randy Manenga built it and he does a lot of the races during the season. So, it's just going to be the most realistic thing I think we've rode. I think it will be good practice and a good place to see where we're at.
Tickle and teammate Marvin Musquin previewed KTM's new 450 SX-F Factory Edition last week. Simon Cudby
How do you like living in Florida?
It's been really cool. I really enjoy the area down there. It's pretty mellow. It's not far from Orlando to get to the airport. Most of the flights here are direct. It's been easy to adapt to, but I'm just stoked on the whole program in general. It's been fun. I've been eager to make improvements and kind of put myself in the situation to where I have nothing to lose. Obviously, with this package deal, it's surreal still. I'm going to take full advantage of it and do the best I can. Is your wife over there with you, or are you just over there working on your own?
She came with. It's been good. We're just in an apartment, so it's a little different adapting to that, but it's a nice apartment complex. It's right there close to the boys, so it's easy in the morning to hook up and get the things done we need to. It's funny how everyone has kind of made the switch over to Florida. It almost feels like the old Lake Elsinore, 909 days over there now with so many top riders.
For sure. I think with the Nest and Kenny [Roczen] and Adam [Cianciarulo] and those guys, and then all of us, plus [Tyla] Rattray's guys with the TLD boys, some of the Husky guys too. I believe Jordan Bailey and [Josh] Mosiman are also training with Rattray. So, those guys are all down there now too. So, there's a good group of us that are down there. It's been cool. When Marv goes over to Europe, I've been able to ride with the TLD guys and kind of do my own program but ride with them, so that way I had people on the track with me. We have three tracks down there, so each week we'll ride one track, ride another one the next week. So, it's been good practice getting used to each track and then riding with different guys also.
"After my podium, I made the call to Ian [Harrison] and met with Roger [DeCoster] and them later in the year, right around when outdoors started. That's kind of when things got talked about." Simon Cudby
I look up and see a white girl in her teens dressed like she bout to audition for a Missy Elliott video walking back and forth chanting something. I press pause and realize she's (attempting to rap) the worst freestyle I have ever heard in my life. pic.twitter.com/CreGvFyJt9
— Sylvia Obell (@SylviaObell) February 2, 2018
Boy, 16, Murdered In Liverpool
A 16-year-old boy has been stabbed to death in Liverpool.
At around 9pm (Tuesday 3rd July), emergency services were called to Belle Vale Road after a report of a 16-year-old boy having been stabbed. He was taken to hospital where he was pronounced deceased around midnight. His next of kin have been informed.
A cordon remians in place while forensic, house-to-house and other enquiries continue.
Officers will remain in the area to provide reassurance to the community and to gather information.
Detective Chief Inspector Bev Hyland said: "We are in the very early stages of our investigation into this tragic incident in which a young life has been taken. We are working to try and establish exactly what happened last night.
"I want to appeal to anyone who saw the incident itself, or anything suspicious in the vicinity of Belle Vale Road, and the park opposite Woodholme Court, to come forward.
"We also want to appeal to anybody who stopped to assist and may not have yet spoken to police, and anyone passing through Belle Vale Road who may have dash-cam footage."
Anyone with information is asked to contact @MerPolHQ, call 101 with reference 1295 or @CrimestoppersUK anonymously on 0800 555 111.
DENVER, CO - DECEMBER 10: Quarterback Bryce Petty #9 of the New York Jets changes the play during the fourth quarter against the Denver Broncos at Sports Authority Field at Mile High on December 10, 2017 in Denver, Colorado. (Photo by Justin Edmonds/Getty Images)
Former Baylor quarterback Bryce Petty will make his first start of the season for the New York Jets on Sunday against the New Orleans Saints. Petty will be replacing the Jets starting quarterback Josh McCown who broke his hand versus the Denver Broncos. McCown is out for the remainder of the season.
Jets have announced Josh McCown out for the season with a broken hand. Bryce Petty is the starter there now
Petty replaced McCown against the Broncos on Sunday, and was two for nine passing for 14 yards in the Jets loss.
Petty was drafted by the Jets in the fourth round of the 2015 NFL draft after leading the Bears to back-to-back Big 12 championships. Petty was a back up his first three season with the Bears, becoming the starter in 2013 and leading the program to its first ever Big 12 title. The Bears lost in the 2014 Fiesta Bowl that season to Blake Bortles and Central Florida. Petty followed the 2013 campaign with a 10th place finish in the Heisman race in 2014, leading the Bears to their second Big 12 title. The Bears lost in the Cotton Bowl Classic to Michigan State, but Petty was named the games Offensive MVP after throwing for a Cotton Bowl record 550 yards.
As a starter in the NFL Petty has a 1-3 record, throwing for 809 yards on 75-133 passes (56.4 percent completion percentage), three touchdowns and seven interceptions.
Best Places To Take Your Holiday Photos In MiamiThe holidays are upon us once again. That means Christmas cards need to be mailed out and family photos need to be taken. While there are thousands of places in South Florida that can provide a great backdrop for a family, finding that one perfect spot can be time consuming. Whether that perfect photo includes a beach, a fountain, a garden, or an archway, South Florida can provide the perfect spot for an unforgettable family holiday photo.
It happens all the time in every sport: A seemingly flawed prospect sinks like a stone in drafts and blossoms into a superstar.
The latest case: Utah Jazz guard Donovan Mitchell, who came from Louisville as a career 11.7 ppg shooting guard who had a solid second season for the Cardinals (15.6 ppg, 2.1 spg) and dropped all the way to 13th overall, where he was taken by the Denver Nuggets and dealt to the Jazz for Tyler Lydon and Trey Lyles.
Then, he positively exploded in his rookie season and might lead the Jazz to a first-round playoff defeat of Russell Westbrook and the Oklahoma City Thunder.
Most Points by Rookie Through 4 Games – NBA Postseason History 1960 Wilt Chamberlain 158
1970 Kareem Abdul-Jabbar 135
1985 Michael Jordan 117
1967 Lou Hudson 115
2018 Donovan Mitchell 110 via @EliasSports — ESPN Stats & Info (@ESPNStatsInfo) April 24, 2018
So what the heck happened? Why was he overlooked?
Let's look back at some mock drafts and see what was being said about the guard. That's not to point the finger at draft experts, but it's a good way to see what NBA teams might have passed on Mitchell.
In 2017, USA TODAY Sports' Adi Joseph pegged him at 12 to the Detroit Pistons. The key sentence here:
He's also a tenacious competitor at either guard spot who has worked hard to improve his shooting and playmaking.
Seems like Mitchell had some holes in his game that were on the way to being improved. Little did everyone know those holes would be patched up and then some in his rookie year.
ESPN's Chad Ford had him going 14th to the Miami Heat:
The Heat will have a tough time passing on Mitchell if the Hornets and Pistons do. His elite athleticism, length and game give him a passing resemblance to a young Dwyane Wade. I don't think he has that same ceiling, but his talent is definitely worth taking a risk on here.
Ford also had him as the 15th-best prospect in the 2017 draft class and said he had “the best combine of anyone” to go with an absurd 6-foot-10 wingspan, which is partially what makes him such a good defender.
CBS Sports talked about his flaws while also sending him to Detroit:
Mitchell is an absurd athlete with terrific measurements, as evidenced by his showing at the NBA combine. His wingspan is 8.75 inches longer than his height (which at just shy of 6-2 is subpar for an NBA shooting guard). He is speedy and an incredible leaper, and he was Rick Pitino's most-trusted player last season at Louisville. With improved 3-point shooting his sophomore year (35.4 percent), Mitchell can score from anywhere he wants. Yes, there's the hero-ball element to Mitchell that NBA coaches will have to pound out of him. But the dude is a high-motor both-ends-of-the-floor type of guy.
There it is. He's a little on the short side. But … wingspan! The NBA LOOOOOVES wingspan, but I guess when there's wingspan on what is perceived to be a flawed prospect (see Leonard, Kawhi and Green, Draymond), a player drops.
Bleacher Report summarized his flaws in college:
He'd go for 25 points in a win over Syracuse and follow with a 2-of-9 showing in a loss to Wake Forest. He finished with single digits in scoring during three of Louisville's final five games last year. Sixteen times Mitchell shot below 30 percent from three. He is still a streak scorer in the sense that he'll put up points in bunches. But the game-to-game swings aren't as extreme.
There were also concerns about his problems finishing at the rim, but when you look at moves like this, you realize that's no longer the case:
Donovan Mitchell with the crossover and layup pic.twitter.com/wMD9MY3urN — The Render (@TheRenderNBA) April 24, 2018
Donovan Mitchell was 🔥 in Game 4. pic.twitter.com/CP4D7bJoSJ — NBA on ESPN (@ESPNNBA) April 24, 2018
The conclusion? NBA teams saw a streaky, undersized guard who might have had sixth man upside at best because he wasn't a good enough ball handler to be a PG. That is, everyone except the Jazz. This passage from an ESPN story sums up the mentality Utah had and continues to have about their amazing find:
The power sharing institutions at Stormont risk becoming valueless, a Sinn Fein leader warned.
The party has called repeatedly for DUP First Minister Arlene Foster to stand aside while an investigation is carried out into a massively overspent green energy incentive which left taxpayers facing a potential £490 million (€575m) bill over the next 20 years.
Sinn Fein is due to take the matter to the Assembly later this month in what could be a crucial date for the future of the administration it jointly leads with the Democratic Unionists.
Sinn Fein's national chairman Declan Kearney said: “Political institutions cease to have value when they do not reflect equality, mutual respect and parity of esteem, and have become detached from the lives of citizens they are meant to serve.”
In a previous role as economy minister Ms Foster established the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme which paid business owners more in subsidies than the fuel cost and led to a “cash for ash” scandal.
Claims of widespread abuse include a farmer allegedly set to pocket around £1 million in the next 20 years for heating an empty shed.
Mr Kearney added: “Political parties and leaders in the north need to be above scandal and corruption. They should be above reproach, not continuously reproachful towards political opponents.
“The political process has now been dragged recklessly by the DUP, culminating with the RHI crisis towards an unprecedented tipping point.”
He added: “Playing fast and loose with the political process and the political institutions is unsustainable.
“There are big decisions to make, and there is very little time.”
Mrs Foster has repeatedly blamed her officials for the debacle.
In a letter to Northern Ireland's leading banks written at the outset of the ill-fated scheme, Mrs Foster said the state-funded eco-subsidies offered applicants a “good return on investment”.
ADVERTISEMENT
Meanwhile Mid Ulster Assembly member Patsy McGlone called on Sinn Fein to back the SDLP call for an independent, judge-led inquiry into the RHI scandal.
Mr McGlone made his comments amid what he claimed were contradictory positions from Sinn Fein on their plan to achieve transparency and accountability on the issue.
He said: “Surrendering the demand for a judge-led public inquiry is surrendering the need for transparency, accountability and consequences for the loss of hundreds of millions in public money.
“With trust in our hard-won institutions at stake, Sinn Fein need to think very carefully on where their loyalties lie.
“The SDLP have been clear, only a judge-led inquiry can get to the truth of this matter. Sinn Fein must return to this position immediately.”
PA
President Moon Jae-in has championed job creation and increased household income as a way to put South Korea on the path of sustainable economic growth that can benefit all people.
Moon has vowed to create 810,000 ‘quality' jobs in the public sector during his single five-year term in office that ends in 2022, Yonhap reported.
Last month, the National Assembly, despite some objections, passed the 11.03 trillion-won ($9.8 billion) supplementary budget bill that aims to create 2,575 central government jobs, giving a much-needed boost to Moon.
Asia's fourth-largest economy has been struggling to create more jobs for people, especially young people.
The unemployment rate for young people, aged between 15 and 29, stood at 9.3 percent in July, much higher than the overall jobless rate of 3.5 percent, according to government data.
The chief executive who came to office in May has also vowed to push to make public sector non regular workers into regular employees with greater job security and higher pay. He has encouraged private businesses to follow suit and increase the number of regular workers on their payrolls.
In a move that demonstrated Moon's commitment to ‘income-led growth', the government and union representatives agreed on a 16.4 percent hike of the minimum pay to 7,530 won ($6.73) for 2018, with an ultimate goal of reaching 10,000 before the president steps down from office.
Moon's economic policy showed that he is pursuing a so-called trickle-up effect, which means that strengthened welfare for low-income people could lead to rise in spending, which in turn could have positive on the overall economy.
The move underscored Moon's efforts to narrow the yawning gap between the rich and poor.
South Korea's total income distribution released by Statistics Korea reached 9.32 last year, meaning that the top 20 percent income bracket had nine times more earnings than those in the bottom 20 percent.
The liberal president's policy is a departure from measures advocated by past conservative government that pushed for ‘trickle down' economics, a theory that wealth trickles down from big firms to smaller firms, and to mom-and-pop stores and low-income people.
Big firms have made more money, though these gains have failed to benefit households as a whole. Many big companies have been accused of hoarding earnings instead of making investments and hiring more workers.
HAMILTON, New Zealand (AP) — South Africa, New Zealand, Fiji and Kenya topped their groups Saturday at the New Zealand leg of the World Rugby Sevens Series, staged for the first time in Hamilton.
The world champion South Africans, host New Zealand and Olympic champion Fiji all finished with unblemished 3-0 records from pool play while Kenya topped the tight Pool D with two wins and a draw.
England, Australia and Samoa also secured quarterfinal places with two wins from three games while Scotland edged Argentina for the other place in the top eight.
New Zealand needed a last-gasp try to Joe Ravouvou to snatch a 17-12 win over Argentina, semifinalists in Sydney last weekend, and to clinch top place in its pool. The win also cost Argentina a place in the Cup quarterfinals, sending Scotland through at its expense after Argentina's earlier shock loss to France.
Advertisement
New Zealand previously beat France 52-7 and Scotland 24-5 to stake its claim for the title in the first-ever World Series tournament played in Hamilton which took over from Wellington as host-city of the New Zealand leg.
South Africa was again the most impressive team in pool play, outscoring its rivals with 102 points as it beat Papua New Guinea 36-5, Russia 38-0 and England 28-7.
Fiji beat Wales 28-0, Spain 24-12 and Australia, winners of last weekend's Sydney tournament, 26-15.
New Zealand plays England, Fiji faces Samoa, Kenya takes on Australia and South Africa meets Scotland in Sunday's quarterfinals.
Scotland secured its quarterfinal place with a 26-14 win over France, and Kenya scraped into the playoffs with a 19-19 draw against the United States after beating Canada 19-14 and Samoa by the same score.
England beat Russia 47-0 and Papua New Guinea 27-0 before falling to South Africa in the pool decider.
Australia failed to recapture the form it showed in front of its home fans last weekend, losing 26-15 to Fiji in the decisive match in its pool after beating Spain 21-5 and Wales 26-7.
The nonprofit marks its expansion into the area with a ribbon-cutting ceremony
The Leukemia & Lymphoma Society celebrated the opening of its new office at 1525 State St., Suite 205, in downtown Santa Barbara with a ribbon-cutting ceremony Thursday.
The ribbon-cutting was attended by more than 75 community members who came to support and learn about the mission of the LLS. The opening of the new office will mark the organization's expansion in the Santa Barbara area, providing more local patient services and programs to better serve the needs of greater Santa Barbara community.
The Leukemia & Lymphoma Society, founded in 1949, is the world's largest voluntary health agency dedicated to blood cancer. The LLS mission: Cure leukemia, lymphoma, Hodgkin's disease and myeloma, and improve the quality of life of patients and their families. LLS funds lifesaving blood cancer research around the world and provides free information and support services. Since its inception, LLS has invested more than $800 million in research, about $72 million in fiscal year 2010 alone.
The Leukemia & Lymphoma Society honored patient Erin Kozaki, and LLS board president Peter Duchesneau welcomed and thanked guests for their support. Duchesneau also delivered the main address later in the evening.
Leukemia & Lymphoma Society Executive Director Olivia Gertz thanked and introduced the local Santa Barbara advisory board members: Laura Barella, Peter Crawford, Rick Erickson, Penny Kay, Denise Klassen, Erin Kozaki, Pieter Van Meeuwen, as well LLS staff members Erin Pearson, Maggie Bahnson and Elise McConeghy.
Additional guest speakers included Cancer Center of Santa Barbara President Rick Scott, Teddy Bear Cancer Foundation Executive Director Marni Rozet, as well as pediatric oncology social worker Robyn Howard-Anderson from Santa Barbara Cottage Hospital, which partners with the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society for various activities, support groups and events bettering the lives of cancer patients and their families.
Assemblyman Das Williams' representative, Hillary Blackerby, presented a certificate, and City Councilman Frank Hotchkiss performed the ribbon-cutting on behalf of the City of Santa Barbara.
To get involved with the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society, call Erin Pearson at 805.884.1886 to make a donation or to learn more about our Patient Services, Team In Training and School & Youth Programs, as well as information about other volunteer opportunities.
— Erin Pearson is a campaign manager for the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society.
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) " Freewheeling Uber faces major change. Its board is cracking down, its founder and CEO is stepping away indefinitely, and the company itself is coming to grips with measures intended to reform its toxic culture and aggressive business practices.
And it all started when Susan Fowler, a former Uber engineer, posted a personal essay in February that detailed the company's toleration of sexual harassment and discrimination. Had she not come forward in such a public manner, it's possible none of this would have happened.
"What she did took real courage," said Elizabeth Ames, a senior vice president at the Anita Borg Institute, a nonprofit founded to advance women in the technology business. "There are many women in companies and technical worlds (who) step up and talk about this problem. And often they are the ones that get tagged as being the problem."
CH-CH-CH-CHANGES
Advertisement
Following Fowler's post, Uber hired former Attorney General Eric Holder to investigate her charges . His law firm's subsequent recommendations , released Tuesday, aim to fix Uber's dysfunctional management, which allowed the male-dominated ride-hailing company to grow huge without even the most basic procedures to prevent sexual harassment, bullying and other bad behavior.
Also on Tuesday, Uber founder and CEO Travis Kalanick accepted responsibility for the company's state and told employees that he'd be taking an indefinite leave of absence. The company declined to say if Kalanick's decision was related to the report.
But Kalanick wasn't the only Uber official sucked into the vortex unleashed by Fowler's essay. On Monday, the company announced that Emil Michael, vice president for business and a close Kalanick ally, was also leaving. Then Uber board member and hedge fund partner David Bonderman resigned Tuesday night after making what he called an inappropriate remark about women at a company meeting.
The 13-page document from Holder's firm Covington & Burling LLP did not outline the investigation's findings about Uber. But its recommendations implicitly expose a startup-turned-goliath that permitted misconduct, had few policies to protect employees and ran with little board supervision.
The recommendations, adopted unanimously by Uber's board, show clearly that the company's next incarnation " dubbed Uber 2.0 by Kalanick " will have to be radically different from version 1.0, which flouted regulations, actively misled public investigators , and disrupted the taxi business to become the world's largest ride-hailing company.
In her essay, Fowler wrote that she was propositioned by her manager on her first day with an engineering team. She reported him to human resources, but was told he would get a lecture and no further punishment because he was a "high performer," she wrote.
Fowler did not respond to emailed requests for comment. But on Twitter , she called Tuesday's moves "all optics" and wrote that she has gotten nothing but "aggressive hostility" from the company.
THE RECOMMENDATIONS
After interviewing 200 witnesses, Holder had to make such basic recommendations as setting clear policies to protect workers from harassment, and that the human resources department get a better handle on keeping records and tracking employee complaints.
The recommendations "definitely paint a picture of a company that was out of control and pretty chaotic," said Ames, the Borg Institute executive.
Holder also suggested that Uber change its written cultural values to promote positive behavior, inclusion and collaboration. That means doing away with values that justified poor behavior, such as "Let Builders Build," ''Always Be Hustlin'," ''Meritocracy and Toe-Stepping" and "Principled Confrontation."
Holder also called for trimming Kalanick's job duties, shifting day-to-day functions to a yet-to-be-hired chief operating officer. During Kalanick's leave, his leadership team will run the troubled company.
Kalanick wrote that he needs time off to grieve for his mother, who died in a May boating accident. He also said he's responsible for the company's situation and needs to become a better leader.
THEORY AND PRACTICE
Uber's board said it would review Kalanick's responsibilities and reassign some to others.
Ames said the recommendations were strong but indicated Uber had few policies, and the ones it had were not followed.
The board unanimously approved the recommendations on Sunday, including a suggestion that a senior executive be tasked with making sure they are implemented. Apparently because of distrust of some leaders, Holder recommended that care be taken to make sure the executive "is viewed positively by the employees."
The company released only Holder's recommendations, not his full report, citing the need to protect employees who complained.
Liane Hornsey, Uber's chief human resources officer who started in January, said implementing the recommendations "will improve our culture, promote fairness and accountability, and establish processes and systems to ensure the mistakes of the past will not be repeated."
Holder also recommended adding independent directors and replacing the board chairman, co-founder Garrett Camp, with an independent person. The board currently has eight voting members, three from within the company.
Uber was also advised to make sure its workforce is more diverse. The company's diversity figures are similar to the rest of Silicon Valley, with low numbers for women and underrepresented minorities. In the U.S., less than a third of the company's workers are female.
In addition, the report says that diversity and inclusiveness should be a key value for Uber that's included in management training.
After Fowler posted her essay, Uber Technologies Inc. made changes in human resources and opened a 24-hour hotline for employees. Last week, the company fired 20 people, including some managers, at the recommendation of Perkins Coie, which separately investigated 215 employee complaints.
FLYING HIGH?
Under Kalanick, Uber has disrupted the taxi industry in hundreds of cities and turned the San Francisco-based company into the world's most valuable startup. As of late last year, Uber's private-market valuation had climbed to nearly $70 billion.
Besides the sexual harassment complaints, in recent months Uber has been threatened by boycotts, sued and subject to a federal investigation over its use of a fake version of its app to thwart authorities looking into whether it is breaking local laws.
A company can be aggressive yet have strong values, said Joseph Holt, a business ethics professor at the University of Notre Dame. He cited Starbucks as an example.
"Having a good reputation for ethics is a competitive advantage," Holt said.
A culture change at Uber may be more difficult than Holder envisions.
At an employee meeting Tuesday morning, Bonderman remarked that if a woman was added to the board that there likely would be more talking, according to a recording obtained by Yahoo.
By evening, Bonderman resigned and put out a statement saying the comment was careless and inappropriate. "I do not want my comments to create distraction as Uber works to build a culture of which we can be proud," the statement said.
___
Krisher and Auto Writer Dee-Ann Durbin contributed from Detroit.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
For proof Kate Middleton has come a L-O-N-G way since delivering her first royal baby in 2013, look no further than her first photos with each child: You can't help but notice the way her behavior has changed. Here, North-Carolina-based body language expert Blanca Cobb reveals the biggest differences she sees in the mom's body language, beginning with...
Prince George in 2013:
Getty Images
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Above, Kate grips her newborn with a two-hand hold, pulling the baby in from underneath and around the side with her arms bent to draw him close and high on her chest. "She's holding the baby as if it's the most precious thing in the world to her," Cobb says, acknowledging the situation: They're presenting their lil' guy to the masses. "When you hold something to your chest and heart, bringing it toward the center of your body, it's very loving and protective."
Meanwhile, Kate's left fingers are curved. "You can tell she's grabbing him tightly," Cobb says, citing possible new-mom jitters, although Kate smiles pleasantly. "I'm not getting that she's nervous from her expression." However, she says Kate's lower body suggests otherwise:
Getty Images
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
"You don't stand with your feet touching when you're feeling secure — you keep them hip-distance apart for stability," says Cobb, noting that the foot placement could have to do with physical comfort — after all, Kate just gave birth.
Princess Charlotte in 2015:
Getty Images
Above, Kate's feet are parted and more stable, Cobb notes — and it makes sense now that Kate has been a mother for two years. Kate holds Princess Charlotte lower on her chest, balancing the baby in the crook of the right arm rather than encircling the newborn. "The underhand hold shows she's truly more relaxed as a second-time mom. She's already figured out the best way to hold the baby — you have to read them in the moment," Cobb says. "It doesn't mean she loves the baby less — absolutely not! After two years as a mom, you know the baby isn't going to fall. Maybe Prince George liked being held closer."
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Getty Images
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
With Kate's free hand, she rests a palm over the baby, and you can see from lack of tension in the joints that her fingers are relaxed, with little space between them. "You spread your fingers to take up more space when you need a better grasp on the baby or want to provide comfort, but the baby is peaceful in this photo," Cobb says. "You can tell Kate feels confident she's got Princess Charlotte in a good hold."
Baby Prince in 2018:
Getty Images
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Cobb sees similarities in the way Kate cradles her newborn and the way she held Prince George. "She's bringing the baby close to her chest and heart but with a more relaxed grip — she's not clutching as much as she did with Prince George," Cobb says.
The biggest difference, however, is in Kate's facial expression. "Look at that smile!" Cobb says. (Prince William's expression is another story.) "Her cheeks are pushed up in a genuine grin with her eyelids closed a bit — this is a very happy moment for her."
Getty Images
Above, you can see her footing is a bit more stable than the first time around, although it regresses from her sturdy stance with Princess Charlotte. "We don't know what is going on with her body physically, since childbirth does a number on your body," Cobb says. "Being healthy enough to walk out but doesn't mean you're 100 percent comfortable. She deserves a medal."
The Bottom Line:
"Kate definitely appears to have become more relaxed and comfortable as a mother — and in the public eye — throughout her last three pregnancies," Cobb says, adding a note about Prince William: "In all three series of photos, he's consistently supporting Kate by standing behind her." Too cute!
Follow Elizabeth on Instagram and Twitter.
A New York woman was sentenced to 23 years to life in prison after pleading guilty to torturing and killing a 1-year-old child she was babysitting in 2016. Screenshot from NBC New York
UNITED NATIONS (AP) — The United Nations said Monday it received official notification of the Philippines' decision to withdraw from the International Criminal Court, a move that follows the tribunal's announcement of a preliminary probe of drug suspect killings under the president.
U.N. deputy spokesman Farhan Haq said the Office of Legal Affairs' treaty section received a document Saturday signed by Foreign Secretary Alan Peter Cayetano informing Secretary-General Antonio Guterres of the Philippines' decision to pull out of the ICC.
Haq said the document "constitutes a notification" under the Rome Statute that established the court, and "the withdrawal shall therefore take effect for the Philippines one year after the date of receipt, i.e., on March 17, 2019."
Last month, ICC prosecutor Fatou Bensouda, announced that she was opening a preliminary examination into a complaint by a Filipino lawyer of suspected extrajudicial killings under President Rodrigo Duterte's anti-drug campaign, which could amount to crimes against humanity.
Advertisement
The move angered Duterte, who announced last Wednesday that he was withdrawing the Philippine ratification of the Rome Statute "effective immediately."
Although the Philippine Senate ratified the Rome Statute, Duterte said the treaty was never enforced in the country because it was not published in the government journal as required by law.
He cited "a concerted effort" by Bensouda and U.N. human rights officials "to paint me as a ruthless and heartless violator of human rights."
More than 4,000 mostly poor drug suspects have been killed under Duterte's drug crackdown, according to the national police, although human rights groups have reported larger death tolls.
Duterte argued last Wednesday that the killings do not amount to crimes against humanity, genocide or similar atrocities.
Duterte's action came under fire from human rights groups, who said the president was trying to evade accountability by backing out of the ICC.
The International Criminal Court, which began operating in 2002, is the world's first permanent war crimes tribunal. Currently, 124 countries are parties to the Rome Statute.
Under the treaty, the court can step in only when countries themselves are unwilling or unable to dispense justice for genocide, crimes against humanity or war crimes.
South Korean judge O-Gon Kwon, president of the Assembly of States Parties to the ICC, expressed regret at Duterte's decision to withdraw and encouraged the Philippines to remain a party to the court.
"A state party withdrawing from the Rome Statute would negatively impact our collective efforts towards fighting impunity," he said.
New observations of a nearby active galaxy called NGC 3783 have given a team of astronomers — including a UC Santa Barbara postdoctoral fellow in physics — a surprise. The research, which focuses on the discovery of a dusty wind associated with the process of black hole formation, was presented in Thursday's edition of the Astrophysical Journal.
Almost all galaxies have a huge black hole at their center. Some of them grow by drawing in matter from their surroundings, in the process creating active galactic nuclei (AGN), the most energetic objects in the universe. The central regions of these brilliant powerhouses are ringed by doughnuts of cosmic dust dragged from surrounding space in a fashion similar to how water forms a whirlpool around a sink drain.
It was thought that most of the strong infrared radiation coming from AGN originated in these doughnuts. Although the hot dust — at 700 to 1,000 degrees Celsius — is indeed in a torus (a ring-shaped surface) as expected, the researchers found huge amounts of cooler dust above and below this main torus.
As UCSB postdoctoral fellow and lead author Sebastian Hoenig explained, “This is the first time we've been able to combine detailed mid-infrared observations of the cool, room-temperature dust around an AGN with similarly detailed observations of the very hot dust. This also represents the largest set of infrared interferometry for an AGN published yet.”
An interferometer is an array of telescopes acting together to probe structures with higher resolution.
The newly discovered dust forms a cool wind streaming outward from the black hole. This wind must play an important role in the complex relationship between the black hole and its environment. The black hole feeds its insatiable appetite from the surrounding material, but the intense radiation this produces also seems to be blowing the material away. It is still unclear how these two processes work together to allow supermassive black holes to grow and evolve within galaxies, but the presence of a cool, dusty wind in the polar regions adds a new piece to this picture.
In order to investigate the central regions of NGC 3783, the astronomers needed the combined power of the unit telescopes of European Southern Observatory's Very Large Telescope (VLT) at the Paranal facility in Chile's Atacama Desert. Using these units together forms an interferometer that can obtain a resolution equivalent to that of a 130-meter telescope.
Another team member, Gerd Weigelt of the Max-Planck Institute for Radioastronomy in Bonn, Germany, explains: “By combining the world-class sensitivity of the large mirrors of the VLT with interferometry we are able to collect enough light to observe faint objects. This lets us study a region as small as the distance from our Sun to its closest neighboring star in a galaxy ten of millions of light-years away. No other optical or infrared system in the world is currently capable of this.”
According to the astronomers, these new observations may lead to a paradigm shift in the understanding of AGN. The findings are direct evidence that dust is being pushed out by the intense radiation. Models of how the dust is distributed and how supermassive black holes grow and evolve must now take into account this newly discovered effect.
Hoenig said he looks forward to MATISSE (the Multi AperTure mid-Infrared SpectroScopic Experiment), a second-generation instrument for the Very Large Telescope Interferometer, which will enable researchers to combine all four VLT unit telescopes at once and observe simultaneously in the near- and mid-infrared, thereby amassing much more detailed data. MATISSE is currently under construction at ESO's Paranal location.
The full research paper can be accessed by clicking here.
Calendar » God & Country
July 4, 2018 from 7:30pm - 9:00pm
God & Country is a collaboration of orchestra and singers presenting:
- A medley of songs by George M. Cohan, popular songwriter of the early 1900's
- A salute to the United States Armed Forces
- "The Stars and Stripes Forever" - our official national march, by John Philip Sousa
- "God of Our Fathers" - written in 1876 to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the signing of the Declaration of Independence
- "God Bless America" - our national song of prayer
- "The Star Spangled Banner" - our national anthem...and much more!
A massive fire at a warehouse in McCracken so far does not seem suspicious. That's according to Concord Fire Chief Bob McGowan.
Tuesday evening around 8:00 a.m., fire crews were called to a warehouse at AAA Fence in the 4400 block of Cairo Road on report of smoke filling the building. Later flames started bursting through the roof.
Crews were able to put out the fire but the debris is expected to smolder for a few days. McGowan says the stacks of fencing helped fueled the fire and "created a heavy fire load."
The State Fire Marshal will be investigating the cause and origin of the fire.
Harley-Davidson Inc has taken the rare step of offering rebates on its 2016 motorcycles to U.S. dealers as an incentive for them to shift a backlog that has restricted sales of its latest models, three dealers and two analysts said.
Continue Reading Below
The unusual promotion, which the dealers expect to run until the end of April, is likely to weigh on the U.S. motorcycle maker's margins in the first half of the year, the analysts said.
Demand for Harley's motorcycles in the United States has slowed as its loyal baby boomer demographic ages and rivals such as Indian-motorcycle maker Polaris Industries Inc and Japan's Honda Motor Co Ltd offer competitive discounts.
Harley, keen to protect its premium-brand image, does not discount its bikes. The Milwaukee-based company commands slightly more than half of the U.S. “big-bike” market: motorcycles with engine capacity of more than 601 cc.
Speaking on a post-earnings conference call in January, Chief Financial Officer John Olin said Harley would focus on selling its 2016 motorcycles through the first quarter of this year.
As a result, he said, Harley would limit shipments of its 2017 models, including touring motorcycles with the new “Milwaukee-Eight” engine. The company has forecast it would ship fewer bikes in the quarter than in the year-earlier period.
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
Three U.S. dealers and two analysts said Harley was offering rebates of up to $1,000 on each sale of its 2016 motorcycles, including its higher-end touring bike, cruisers and Sportsters.
A 2016 model Sportster SuperLow costs upwards of $8,499, while prices of Softail Slim cruisers start at $14,899. Harley's touring bikes are among its costliest, with the price of a 2016 Road King starting from $18,749.
More from FOXBusiness.com…
Two of the three dealers said they had been able to clear most of their 2016 inventory, and the third said it could take another month or two to shift last year's models.
The dealers spoke to Reuters on condition of anonymity as the information is confidential. Dozens of other dealers declined to comment on the rebates.
Harley did not respond to a request for comment on whether it had offered rebates to its dealers. As of Dec. 31, Harley had 701 U.S. dealerships.
‘NOT NORMAL'
Though Harley has been known to offer attractive financing schemes and extended warranties to customers when there is a seasonal overhang of motorcycles, two of the three dealers said they had never before been offered a rebate.
“It's not normal,” a Harley dealer in the western United States said. “Usually, any incentives are customer-facing.”
James Hardiman, an analyst at Wedbush Equity Research, said the rebates were likely to hit Harley's gross margins in the first and second quarters.
But, he and two other analysts said the scheme would have helped first-quarter shipments to track close to the higher end, or even above, Harley's forecast of 66,000 to 71,000 motorcycles.
The forecast implies a drop of between 20.5 percent and 14.5 percent from the year-earlier quarter.
Warmer-than-usual weather, meaning an earlier start to the annual riding season, would have also helped shipments last quarter, dealers and analysts said.
Customer response to the “Milwaukee-Eight” engine bikes had been strong, dealers said.
Harley is scheduled to report its first-quarter results on April 18.
(Reporting by Ankit Ajmera and Rachit Vats in Bengaluru, Editing by Robin Paxton)
The same Families Package that delivered an extra $645 to the pockets of poor, cold, superannuitant Acting PM Winston Peters also delivered National leader Simon Bridges something of a problem.
It is true Peters probably does not need his Winter Warmer payment. But he has insisted he will take it as a matter of principle and to show his support for universality.
So Peters has become one of the poster boys for those benefiting from Labour's package – a combination of Working for Families entitlements, Accommodation Supplement increases, a baby bonus for newborns and cash to help superannuitants and beneficiaries pay their bills.
Because the July 1 start date for the various payments is about the 146th time they have been announced, Labour's sales job for it has been difficult.
Advertisement
It has consisted of Finance Minister Grant Robertson reading out lengthy and effusive epistles in Parliament until even Speaker Trevor Mallard gets bored and orders him to summarise to haiku length.
Nonetheless, Bridges has fallen into the trap that inevitably ensnares all leaders of the Opposition.
National leader Simon Bridges strong in his criticism of NZ First leader Winston Peters suing his own government officials. / Mark Mitchell
That is criticising what the Government has done without yet having anything to pit against it other than last year's dinner – National's more limited package for Working for Families, Accommodation Supplement and tax cuts for all.
So Bridges is bogged down in circuitous logic. He has argued simultaneously that Labour's package is too targeted but not targeted enough while National's would not have been targeted at all except when it was.
He has argued the main aspects of Labour's package provide no benefit to vast swathes of people because it is aimed at low and middle income families.
However, Labour's baby and winter payments are bad because they provide for all comers rather than only those on low incomes who need it.
In the next breath he claims National's tax cuts are good because they were universal rather than targeted at those on low incomes.
The bigger problem for Bridges comes in the next obvious question: will National repeal those two payments?
Thus far, Bridges has stopped short of saying that. This is not due to indecision. National has after all already said it will repeal things such as the regional fuel tax.
The difference is that repealing those payments would be taking money away from people who will by then be taking them for granted. The new treats will be perceived as entitlements.
It is the same dilemma National faced in 2008 over interest free student loans and Working for Families, a scheme it had initially opposed.
As Peters actions show, only a fool would turn down 'free' money.
A bigger fool would try to take it away from them.
So National caved on both interest-free student loans and Working for Families. Now Bridges must come up with a solution to the baby payments and winter payments.
All Bridges can do at this point is say what voters would have had if only Peters had gone with National instead of Labour after the last election.
In that regard, it is fair to point out in monetary terms Peters shortchanged himself in that decision he made.
The effect of National's proposed tax cuts would have seen him a grand total of $1700 better off a year, a combination of tax cuts on his salary and the flow on effect to his superannuation payments ($675 a year).
While all this was being digested, Peters' colleague NZ First MP Mark Patterson had uncovered the real threat to New Zealand's prosperity and set out to eliminate it.
He declared war on a vegetarian burger.
Patterson was first to cry foul upon discovering Air NZ was serving 'Impossible' burgers on international flights.
The burgers are made of plant-based meat substitutes.
Patterson declared this heme-enhanced meal an Enemy of the State, ruling the burgers "pose an existential threat to New Zealand's second biggest export earner." [meat]
He found an ally in National's carnivorous Nathan Guy.
Guy too said Air NZ should be rolling out the fatted lamb for its burgers, not fake meat.
Mike Moore, the champion of the Lamb Burger, will be proud although Patterson and Guy's solution probably would not quite meet the criteria for vegetarians.
Meat substitutes can also work elsewhere in life. Accusing politicians of leghemoglobin-barrel politics does have a condemnatory ring about it.
But Silence of the Textured Vegetable Protein does not sound quite as horrifying as Silence of the Lambs. Fava beans and chianti anyone?
TOP STORIES:
SOC--ENGLISH ROUNDUP
LONDON — After a rare English Premier League swap deal, Alexis Sanchez and Henrikh Mkhitaryan make an immediate impact at their new homes. Sanchez scores in debut for Manchester United to beat Huddersfield 2-0. Mkhitaryan provides three assists in his first start for Arsenal, a 5-1 winner over Everton. By Rob Harris. SENT: 900 words, photos. With 7 separates.
— With:
Advertisement
— SOC--MAN UNITED-MOURINHO — Man U manager says atmosphere quiet at Old Trafford. SENT: 100 words, photos.
RGU--FRANCE-IRELAND
SAINT-DENIS, France — When Jonathan Sexton's long-distance dropped goal just creeps over the crossbar in the last act of the game, Ireland coach Joe Schmidt celebrates like he's among the delirious fans behind the posts. By Jerome Pugmire. SENT: 600 words, photos.
RGU--WALES-SCOTLAND
CARDIFF, Wales — A depleted Wales brings an overhyped Scotland back to earth in the Six Nations by doing what it usually does to the Scots in Cardiff — beating them. SENT: 650 words, photos.
— With:
— RGU--WALES-GATLAND — Gatland predicted comfy win over Scotland. SENT: 370 words, photo.
SOC--SPANISH ROUNDUP
BARCELONA, Spain — The worst version of Real Madrid is back as it slumps at Levante to 2-2, only 11 days from its critical Champions League clash with Paris Saint-Germain. By Joseph Wilson. SENT: 640 words, photos.
— Also:
— SOC--GERMAN ROUNDUP — Bayern beats Mainz 2-0 for 18-point Bundesliga lead. SENT: 530 words, photos.
— SOC--FRENCH ROUNDUP — Neymar scores again as French leader PSG wins at Lille 3-0. By Jerome Pugmire. SENT: 440 words, photos.
— SOC--ITALIAN ROUNDUP — Inter's winless streak extended by 1-1 draw with Crotone. SENT: 310 words, photos.
TEN--DAVIS CUP ROUNDUP
The United States advances to the Davis Cup quarterfinals after beating Serbia for the first time thanks to a four-set doubles win. Switzerland, without Roger Federer, loses in the first round for a fourth straight year, falling to Kazakhstan 3-0 after a nearly 3½-hour doubles. By Foster Niumata. SENT: 510 words, photos.
BKN--ROCKETS-CAVALIERS
CLEVELAND — Two of the NBA's biggest stars collide when Houston's James Harden, who had a 60-point triple-double this week, matches up with LeBron James. By Tom Withers. UPCOMING: 750 words, photos. Game starts 0130 GMT.
GLF--PHOENIX OPEN
SCOTTSDALE, Arizona — Rickie Fowler and Bryson DeChambeau share the Phoenix Open lead, with a crowd of more than 200,000 expected for the third round of a tournament long known for partying. By John Nicholson. UPCOMING: 650 words.
FBN--SUPER BOWL-COMEBACKS
BLOOMINGTON, Minnesota — Tom Brady heads into the Super Bowl having led another improbable fourth-quarter playoff comeback. The almost impossible now seems somewhat realistic. Six teams have overcome such a deficit in the past five postseasons after no one did so for 10 straight years. By Josh Dubow. SENT: 690 words, photos.
Other stories:
— RGU--RWC 2019-URUGUAY QUALIFIES — Uruguay qualifies for 2019 Rugby World Cup. SENT: 210 words.
— SKI--WCUP-WOMEN'S DOWNHILL — Vonn beats rival Goggia for bittersweet 80th World Cup win. By Eric Willemsen. SENT: 670 words, photos.
YOUR QUERIES: Questions and story requests are welcome. Contact your local AP bureau or the AP International Sports Desk in London by telephone at 44-2074274105 or email lonsports@ap.org.
By Ariel McGee
To conclude the two-week-long Martin Luther King Jr. Service Week, Student Leadership and Services (SLS) provided transportation to the monthly meeting for the Portland chapter of The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP).
The NAACP is a national organization where the principal objective is to ensure the political, educational, social and economic equality of minority group citizens of the United States and eliminate racial prejudices. The organization was established in 1909 and is comprised of over half a million members.
“The Portland NAACP chapter is the oldest (continuously chartered) NAACP chapter west of the Mississippi,” Director of SLS Harold McNaron said. “The Portland chapter is now standing at 104-years-old.”
The Portland chapter is presided by Jo Ann Hardesty, a Democrat who formerly served in the Oregon House of Representatives.
“Hardesty formally invited students to attend the January NAACP meeting when she spoke at Lewis & Clark during the MLK service day,” SLS Civic Action Coordinator Elise Glaser '18 said.
“Attending the NAACP meeting was meant to serve both as an event for Martin Luther King Jr. Week and as a new initiative to promote civic action at Lewis & Clark,” Glaser said.
SLS will continue to support this initiative by offering transportation to political events, hosting events such as “Write Your Reps” and inviting guest speakers like Hardesty who are involved in the politics.
Portland's January NAACP meeting took place at Lloyd Center Mall. Meetings were formerly held at the Portland Red Cross, but Hardesty said that NAACP had grown too large for the Red Cross meeting space. However, Hardesty embraced the need to change meeting spaces.
“The meetings attract more newcomers when the meeting location periodically changed,” Hardesty said. “Meetings will now regularly change location and a calendar with all of the meeting times and locations for the 2018 year will soon be released.”
Last year, the Portland chapter participated in trainings to develop a response to the 2016 general election and organized community marches to bring attention to the racially motivated violence in Charleston.
Goals for 2018 include establishing an NAACP storefront, revamping the Portland branch website and building a relationship with Chief Danielle Outlaw of the Portland Police Bureau.
High school student Tory Givens is heading an initiative to start a certified youth branch of the Portland NAACP representing those from ages fourteen to twenty-four.
“The youth council of the Portland NAACP should be official in the next few weeks,” Givens said.
Resident Advisor Thea Crowley '20 attended the NAACP meeting.
“I thought it was an impressive representation of working together,” Crowley said. “Many people brought up many different concerns and opinions and largely they were heard out. I am interested in the youth council, and hope I will be able to further participate.”
Students can find out meeting times, membership information, and general updates about the Portland chapter of the NAACP at their website or on their Facebook page.
WARNING: This article contains spoilers for The Walking Dead: season 8, episode 8
Walking Dead actor Chandler Riggs has already expressed disappointment at being killed off the series in the mid-season finale of its eighth season, but someone even more upset at the actor's departure is his real-life dad, who has taken to Facebook to rant at the show's producers for letting his son go.
William Riggs, who runs the popular Walking Dead location tour Chandler Riggs' Dad's Zombie Roadtrip Riggs' Tours, took to social media to slam both the show's American network AMC, and The Walking Dead's showrunner Scott M Gimple for the decision.
"Watching Gimple fire my son two weeks before his 18th birthday after telling him they wanted him for the next three years was disappointing," he wrote on Facebook (via Hollywood Reporter).
"I never trusted Gimple or AMC but Chandler did. I know how much it hurt him. But we do absolutely know how lucky we have been to be a part of it all and appreciate all the love from fans all these years!"
Advertisement
The presumably now-greatly-embarrassed Riggs has portrayed Carl Grimes, son of series lead Rick Grimes (Andrew Lincoln), since he was 11 years old. The episode screened in the US last night revealed that Carl had been concealing a zombie bite for several weeks, leaving his death imminent.
The actor's departure from the series came as a surprise to fans, as the show's comic book source material has depicted Rick training Carl to succeed him as the leader of the survivors. Riggs confirmed his exit from the series today, telling Hollywood Reporter that he was disappointed by his departure, as he had just bought a house near the set.
"It was devastating for me and my family because the show has been such a huge part of my life for so long," he said. "For a few days, we didn't know what to do; I just bought a house in Senoia [near where the show films in Georgia]. That was a big deal that I wouldn't be on anymore."
He did, however, reveal that leaving the show convinced him to move to Los Angeles to try and find other work, rather than attend college.
"It ended up being a great thing because now I get to do all kinds of other stuff that I haven't been able to do in the last eight years," he said.
HONG KONG (AP) — Chinese factory activity grew at its fastest rate in eight months on stronger demand, a survey showed Thursday, in a positive sign for the world's No. 2 economy despite trade tensions with the U.S.
The official purchasing managers' index rose to 51.9 in May from 51.4 the previous month. Readings above 50 indicate expansion, while lower numbers indicate contraction on the index's 100-point scale.
Production, new export orders and overall new orders all increased from the previous month, indicating an uptick in demand, the China Federation of Logistics & Purchasing's survey found.
The latest figures show China's outsized export-manufacturing sector remains resilient despite continued tensions with the U.S. over the trading relationship between the world's two biggest economies.
Advertisement
Earlier this week, President Donald Trump's administration said it would slap $50 billion worth of tariffs on Chinese technology while imposing new investment restrictions and export controls.
The tariff threat came ahead of U.S. Commerce Department Secretary Wilbur Ross's visit to Beijing on Saturday for negotiations on a deal for China to buy more U.S. farm goods and energy products.
Activity in China's increasingly important services sector also expanded. The group's non-manufacturing PMI rose to 54.9 for the month from 54.8 previously.
Mario Batali has surrendered oversight of daily operations at his restaurant empire following reports of sexual misconduct by the celebrity chef over a period of at least 20 years.
The online site Eater New York, part of Vox Media, reported Monday that the incidents involve at least four women, three of whom worked for Batali. One of women, none was named in the story, said that Batali groping her chest after wine had spilled on her shirt.
Another said he grabbed her from behind and holding her tightly against his body.In a prepared statement sent to The Associated Press, Batali said that the complaints "match up" with his past behaviour.
"I take full responsibility and am deeply sorry for any pain, humiliation or discomfort I have caused to my peers, employees, customers, friends and family," Batali said.
Advertisement
A spokesperson for Batali & Bastianich Hospitality Group says an employee reported inappropriate behaviour by Batali in October.
The company told Eater it was the first formal complaint against Batali and that he was reprimanded and required to attend training.
Batali will also take leave from his ABC cooking show, The Chew.
"We have asked Mario Batali to step away from The Chew while we review the allegations that have just recently come to our attention," the network said Monday.
"ABC takes matters like this very seriously as we are committed to a safe work environment. While we are unaware of any type of inappropriate behaviour involving him and anyone affiliated with the show, we will swiftly address any alleged violations of our standards of conduct."
A wave of sexual misconduct allegations have upended the political scene and embroiled Hollywood, gaining momentum after shocking allegations of abuse and assault by Harvey Weinstein.
The #metoo movement has brought down Kevin Spacey, Louis C.K., Matt Lauer, and led to resignations in the US House and Senate. There are new calls for President Donald Trump to address sexual misconduct allegations that he's faced.
Last week Time magazine named the "silence breakers," those that have shared their stories about sexual assault and harassment, as Person of the Year.
The 57-year-old Batali was well known in culinary circles, taking jobs early in his career as a sous chef at the Four Seasons in Santa Barbara and San Francisco.
His career took off after opening Po in New York City in the early 1990s, and he skyrocketed to fame with the airing of Molto Mario, a show that ran on the Food Network for eight years, until 2004. It was there that his signature look, a fleece vest, shorts, and orange Crocs, became instantly recognizable to most people.
The Food Network, which was planning to relaunch Molto Mario, said on Monday that it was placing its plans on hold.
"Food Network takes matters like this very seriously," it said.
Batali also co-owns restaurants in a handful of cities. The Batali & Bastianich Hospitality Group owns or operates several restaurants, including Babbo in New York, Carnevino Italian Steakhouse in Las Vegas and Pizzeria Mozza in Los Angeles.
It's also a partner in Eataly, an Italian food hall and grocer, which has locations in New York, Chicago and Boston.
Batali has long been socially active.
The Mario Batali Foundation advocates child nutrition. He has come out forcefully against hydraulic fracturing, a method used to extract oil and gas.
- AP
A research study titled, “Thrombectomy Devices Market by product and end user – global industry analysis and forecast to 2023”, published by crystal market research.
Market highlights:
The Thrombectomy Devices Market was worth USD 0.76 billion in 2014 and is expected to reach approximately USD 1.27 billion by 2023, while registering itself at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 5.95% during the forecast period. As indicated by the World Health Organization (WHO), cerebrovascular accident or stroke is the second leading reason for death over the world, and this has been a case for a couple of decades now. Subsequently, constant research and developments have been completed and as of late, they have prompted propelled thrombectomy devices, which are used for the expulsion of clots that are hindering the blood flow. The demand in the worldwide thrombectomy devices is anticipated to increase at a significant CAGR amid the gauge time, picking up footing from various different factors, for example, good medical reimbursement policies in the developed nations, developing inclination of minimally invasive methods, extending use of ultrasound in vascular treatment, and procurement of little specific healing centres by tier-1 hospitals.
Click To Request a Sample:
https://www.crystalmarketresearch.com/report-sample/HC06963
The Thrombectomy Devices Market is segmented as follows-
Thrombectomy Devices Market, By Product, Estimates and Forecast, 2014-2023($Million):
Mechanical Devices
Ultrasonic Devices
Aspiration Devices
Hydrodynamic Devices
Thrombectomy Devices Market, By End User, Estimates and Forecast, 2014-2023 ($Million):
Clinics
Hospitals
Ambulatory Surgical Centres
Others
Thrombectomy Devices Market, By Region, Estimates and Forecast, 2014-2023 ($Million):
Middle East and Africa (Saudi Arabia, UAE, Egypt, Nigeria and South Africa)
North America (U.S, Canada, Mexico)
Europe (Germany, France, UK, Italy, Spain, Rest of Europe)
Asia-Pacific (Japan, China, Australia, India, South Korea, Rest of Asia-Pacific)
Rest of the World (Brazil, South Africa, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, Other
Competitive Insights:
The leading players in the market are Boston Scientific, Teleflex, Penumbra, Terumo Corporation, Stryker Corporation, Medtronic and Argon Medical Devices Inc. The major players in the market are profiled in detail in view of qualities, for example, company portfolio, business strategies, financial overview, recent developments, and share of the overall industry.
Regional Outlook and Trend Analysis:
Geographically, thrombectomy devices have the highest demand in North America, especially in the made country of the U.S., owing segments, for instance, to creating determination of mechanically impelled thrombectomy items, extended number of hospital trials, powerful medicinal services foundation, and reimbursement approaches. The APEJ thrombectomy devices market is driven by expanding social insurance use in the rising economies, for example, India, China, and Japan, increment in localized manufacturing, strengthening of distribution networks by means of coordinated efforts, rising awareness among specialists with respect to the advantages offered by these devices.
Research Methodology
We use both primary and secondary research for our market surveys, estimates and for developing forecast. Our research process commence by analyzing the problem which enable us to design the scope for our research study. Our research process is uniquely designed with enough flexibility to adjust according to changing nature of products and markets, while retaining core element to ensure reliability and accuracy in research findings. We understand both macro and micro-economic factors to evaluate and forecast different market segments.
Check discount offer for Report click on the link @
https://www.crystalmarketresearch.com/check-discount/HC06963
About Crystal Market Research:
Crystal offers one stop solution for market research, business intelligence, and consulting services to help clients make more informed decisions. It provides both syndicated and customized research studies for its customers spread across the globe. The company offers market intelligence reports across a broad range of industries including healthcare, chemicals & materials, technology, automotive, and energy.
Contact Us:
Judy S,
304 South Jones Blvd, Suite 1896,
Las Vegas NV 89107,
United States
Toll Free: +1-888-213-4282
Email: sales@crystalmarketresearch.com
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Aston Villa go in search of a little bit of history against Burton Albion today.
Steve Bruce's side are taking 2018 by storm and recorded a fifth successive Championship win courtesy of Robert Snodgrass' late stunner at Sheffield United on Tuesday.
If Villa can beat Burton - who they dismantled 4-0 at the Pirelli Stadium in September - they will have recorded six league wins on the spin for the first time since 1990.
The claret and blues are third in the Championship and just one point behind Derby County, who take on Brentford.
Team news
Villa are expected to be at virtually full strength once again. Jonathan Kodjia (ankle) and back-up goalkeeper Jed Steer (shoulder) remain long term absentees but Bruce should be able to call upon everyone else.
Chris Samba, Henri Lansbury, Andre Green and Gabby Agbonlahor weren't even named on the bench at Bramall Lane, such is the incredibly talented pool of players Bruce has to choose from.
Selection dilemmas
While Villa continue to win it's unlikely Bruce will tinker with his starting XI. However, it's worth mentioning that Axel Tuanzebe didn't join from Manchester United to sit on the bench.
Tuanzebe can play in a number of roles and Bruce has admitted he will ensure the 20-year-old is heavily involved between now and the end of the campaign.
Tuanzebe's preferred central defensive position isn't an option with John Terry and James Chester guaranteed starters so a place at right-back or in midfield appears more likely.
Birkir Bjarnason and Conor Hourihane possess the shirts at present but they're now under huge pressure to maintain their high standards with Tuanzebe and Mile Jedinak breathing down their necks.
Lewis Grabban isn't expected to be involved in the squad following his loan move from Bournemouth on Deadline Day with Bruce keen to build up the striker's fitness before throwing him in.
We anticipate one change on the bench with Green to replace Glenn Whelan. The young winger gives Villa a different attacking option off the bench if Burton sit in and prove difficult to breach.
Our team
Subs: Bunn, Taylor, Tuanzebe, Jedinak, Onomah, Green, Davis
Let us know who you think Bruce should select by using the widget above. Also, feel free to leave your thoughts on Villa's squad depth in the comments section.
