Football Fans Stopped From Going To World Cup
Letters have been sent to 60 people in the West Country with football banning orders telling them to hand in their passports ahead of the World Cup in Russia.
Anyone that fails to do so by June 5th could end up with a knock on the door from Avon and Somerset Police.
People with football banning orders are not allowed to travel to England matches in this country or even travel overseas when England are playing abroad.
Police say the orders are not issued for trouble at matches, they also cover people watching games on the TV in a pub. During the World Cup police will also take action againt anti-social behaviour and violence, domestic abuse and drink driving, as incidents often go up during football tournaments.
Chief Inspector John Holt said: ''We are rolling out well-rehearsed plans for the World Cup. We hope that it will be a successful and enjoyable tournament for fans, who will put fun and enjoyment at the top of their agenda.
''However we will not tolerate and football-related anti-social behaviour or violence, whether out in the community or behind closed doors at home and will deal robustly with such problems.''
The Fabricated Products Division (FPR) of H.C. Starck has been certified for the seventh consecutive year as tantalum conflict-free in accordance with the Responsible Minerals Initiative (RMI, formerly CFSI). RMI conducted Tantalum Supply Chain Transparency Smelter Audits of FPR's facilities in Newton, Massachusetts and Hermsdorf, Germany for the Responsible Minerals Assurance Process (formerly Conflict-Free Smelter Program).
As a leading global supplier of tantalum products to the electronics, chemical processing, semiconductor, and superconductor industries, we take our role as a global corporate citizen very seriously. H.C. Starck remains a thought leader on conflict-free sourcing and maintains best practices that meet or exceed regulatory requirements to secure conflict-free materials in both an ethical and sustainable way. We strive to deliver the highest quality product with the knowledge that our materials are procured from reliable conflict-free sources. Andreas Mader, CEO, Fabricated Products Division, H.C. Starck
H.C. Starck unconditionally supports the position of the RBA, OECD, and EU of not purchasing, processing, or reselling any raw materials that serve to finance or benefit armed groups. The company actively supports its customers in fulfilling their duties of care and disclosure in accordance with the regulatory requirements of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). H.C. Starck is a member of the International Tin Supply Chain Initiative (ITSCI), which has developed a highly regarded tracing system for transparent procurement of raw materials from areas of conflict and regularly checks implementation of this system among ITSCI member companies.
BACOLOD CITY: Mayor Emmanuel Aranda of Binalbagan, Negros Occidental has called for the recognition of Indigenous People (IPs) and give full support to their needs, during the hosting of the International Day of the World's Indigenous Peoples recently. He said about 1,000 IPs are either on scholarship or getting support from the municipal government as well as livelihood and employment program as members of the town's ‘Bantay Bukid.' He encouraged them to adopt effective and modern living to make their projects sustainable while upholding their culture. About 3,000 from the different provinces in Region 6 attended the activity that recognizes the rights of the IPs from bio-cultural diversity, ancestral domain, environment, livelihood, education, Gender and Development and sustainable development. Pablito Gonzales, IP coordinator, said that in southern Negros Occidental, they have been formally organized since 2014 with estimated 153,000 population mostly belonging to the Ati and Bukidnon tribe. There are 47 community-based IP organizations and 25 community-based chapters of IP youths – all under the Confederation of Indigenous Peoples Organizations in Southern Negros Occ., headed by Kalayan (supreme chief) Jonathan Camanso.
NEW YORK, March 31 A Toronto investment firm that has spent 15 years suing Enron Corp's banks to recoup losses on bonds it bought shortly before the energy company went bankrupt may pursue a lawsuit seeking damages from three of those banks, a U.S. judge ruled on Friday.
Silvercreek Management Inc claimed to suffer heavy losses on more than $100 million of Enron bonds it bought less than two months before Dec. 2, 2001 bankruptcy.
It sought to hold Credit Suisse Group AG, Deutsche Bank AG, Bank of America Corp's Merrill Lynch unit, and former Enron Chief Executive Officer Jeffrey Skilling liable for overseeing many shams and off-balance-sheet transactions that fueled Enron's demise.
In a 43-page decision, U.S. District Judge Paul Oetken in Manhattan said Silvercreek may pursue claims that the banks aided Enron's fraud and conspired to commit fraud.
He cited "specific and wide-ranging" allegations that the banks knew Houston-based Enron was hiding billions of dollars of debt and using sham transactions to bolster its bottom line.
Though Silvercreek's allegations "do not plead a formal, back-room agreement among all defendants and Enron," they are "sufficient to state a conspiracy claim," Oetken wrote.
The judge said Silvercreek may pursue a fraud claim against Skilling, citing his alleged knowing and direct involvement in Enron's financial misconduct.
Credit Suisse and Skilling's lawyer Jeffrey Barker declined to comment. Lawyers for Deutsche Bank and Bank of America did not immediately respond to requests for comment. Scott Hessell, a lawyer for Silvercreek, declined immediate comment.
Silvercreek's case began in Manhattan, but was moved to a Houston court that handled -- and has completed -- most post-bankruptcy Enron litigation. A panel of federal judges moved it back to Manhattan at Silvercreek's request last June.
Enron once ranked seventh on the Fortune 500 list of large U.S. companies, and its demise was the basis for the 2005 Oscar-nominated documentary "Enron: The Smartest Guys in the Room."
Several executives went to prison. Skilling is serving a 14-year prison term for fraud and other offenses, and eligible for release in February 2019, federal prison records show.
The case, which originally named Citigroup Inc as a defendant, is Silvercreek Management Inc et al v Citigroup Inc et al, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 02-08881. (Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)
May 3 Alamo Group Inc
* Alamo Group announces record 2017 first quarter results
* Q1 earnings per share $1.05
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.77 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Q1 sales rose 2.1 percent to $215.4 million
* Alamo Group Inc - at-quarter end, backlog at $147 million was flat versus year-end, down 3.8% versus previous year's Q1
* Alamo Group Inc - "in U.K., our markets showed some return to normal levels, which have been off since Brexit vote last June" Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
“Do you want this vase?”
“How about these overalls from when you were a toddler?”
“Not even the china cabinet?”
If those questions sound familiar, you might be a millennial whose baby boomer parent is downsizing — and trying to give you all their stuff.
Many of us have a simple answer: No. We don't want it.
It's not because we don't love our parents, and it's not because we're ungrateful for their generosity. But we appreciate minimalism and want to avoid clutter in our lives.
If you want to avoid becoming a repository for your parents' possessions — without hurting their feelings — keep reading. I asked experts in psychology, elder care, and organization for their tips on what to do.
1. Be kind
The most important rule is also the simplest: Don't be a jerk.
Licensed professional clinical counselor Erin Wiley said it's important to be gracious in your rejections.
Here are some phrases she suggested using:
“It's so special you want to pass that down to me.”
“That's such an interesting collection of [Russian nesting dolls].”
“I don't want to disappoint you, but I simply don't have room for any extra furniture.”
“I don't think I'd use that, but thanks for offering.”
Lastly, she offered one important reminder: “If the person offering their possessions to you has an emotional reaction that makes you feel bad, they are grown-ups and can manage disappointment. It's not your job to alter your life to protect other people's emotions.”
2. Ask questions
Don't understand why your dad keeps trying to give you his beer can collection?
It might not be about the items themselves, explained Joy Loverde, author of the forthcoming book “Who Will Take Care of Me When I'm Old?” It might be about leaving a legacy.
If you think that's the case, Loverde suggested redirecting the conversation with questions. Learn more about the item by asking your parent “Where did you get it?” or “Why does it mean so much to you?”
Asking questions, she said, “conveys validation and respect” — both of which will go a long way in smoothing your rejection.
3. Explain your reasons
If your parent understands why you can't take their items, they might be more willing to accept your decision.
And no, your reason shouldn't be “I don't like your taste” or “That was a silly purchase.”
Instead, explain your reasons truthfully and kindly. It could be that you don't have enough room or that you live a minimalist lifestyle.
If you don't have a specific reason, your stance can be that someone else would appreciate it more.
Ann Zanon, a professional organizer in Connecticut, suggested saying the following: “I understand this tschotske is important to you — but for me, it doesn't have any memories tied to it. Let's let it go to a family who will create their own memories with it.”
4. Take something
Although you have the right to refuse every single thing your parent offers, it might be wise to acquiesce once in a while.
“Keeping a few of the small items helps to soften the blow,” said Eddie Chu, owner of home care company Qualicare. “People hold on to items for the memories associated with them. … This serves the same purpose of keeping the memories alive while also being efficient with your available space.”
In other words, you don't have to take the entire teapot collection — but if it's important to your parent, maybe take one. You'll demonstrate that you respect their possessions (and your space).
5. Find an alternative home
It's wise to help your parent find an alternative home for all the stuff you don't want. One of the best options is another friend or relative.
“I've seen a lot of distant relatives willing to store or keep the antique furniture, which typically keeps our client happy that it stays in the family,” said Chu.
Just think: Aunt Edith probably would be delighted to add that hutch to her collection — and your dad likely would be happy to see it there rather than in the dumpster.
6. Sell or donate the rest
No willing takers? Then it's time to sell or donate whatever remains.
You could hold a garage sale, bring the items to a consignment shop, or sell them online through eBay, Craigslist, or Letgo. Use some of the money to fund a bonding activity. Mom might not miss that dining room table so much if it means a day out!
If it's more than you can manage, you might want to organize an estate sale. Look for companies in your area or consider a company like Everything But The House (EBTH). Available in 27 cities, EBTH takes care of the entire process — sorting, photographing, cataloging, and arranging payment and delivery — for you.
Of course, you also can donate the items to a local charity.
If your parent resists, ask them this question from Linda Barlaam, a professional organizer with House to Home Organizing: “Wouldn't it be better for someone to actually use or want the items, as opposed to them sitting in storage?”
As our parents age, more of us are going to face these issues.
By demonstrating we care and showing respect, we can navigate these delicate waters and keep our relationships strong.
Reprinted with permission of Student Loan Hero.
LONDON Japanese Prime Minister pledged on Friday to face down threats to international order from North Korea and building tensions over the South China Sea by working with British Prime Minister Theresa May.
In a visit to May's official residence, Abe said that Britain was Japan's number one ally in Europe, and that they would work together in face of destabilisation from North Korea's missile programme and a dispute with China in the South China Sea.
"The world is faced with serious threats to the international order... including those posed by the nuclear and missile development of North Korea, and the situation in the eastern South China Sea," Abe said.
"It is extremely significant that the Prime Minister and I agreed that the UK and Japan should closely co-operate on a global scale in the face of this situation."
(Reporting by Guy Faulconbridge, writing by Alistair Smout; editing by Michael Holden)
UK to step up support for start-ups, infrastructure ahead of EU exit
LONDON The British government will step up the level of financial support it provides to everything from small start-ups to major infrastructure projects in a bid to help the economy as the country leaves the European Union.
Shuswap Volunteer Search and Rescue (SVSAR) had a busy weekend, assisting with the helicopter evacuation of two injured snowmobilers from the Owlhead recreation area on Friday and Saturday and then helping to locate lost hikers near Little Shuswap Lake on Saturday evening.
Search manager John Schut said at around 3:30 p.m. on Friday search and rescue volunteers were called out to help a snowmobiler who suffered a serious injury near an area called skinny ridge off the Owlhead trail system.
Schut said the sledder, who was riding alone, had suffered a serious back injury with spinal damage, but was able to fire a flare alerting other snowmobilers in the area who came to his aid and called for help.
Related:Shuswap Search and Rescue helps injured snowmobiler
Fourteen Shuswap Volunteer Search and Rescue members responded, but due to the treacherous terrain and the nature of the man's injuries they called in help from the Revelstoke Search and Rescue Helicopter Evacuation Transportation Systems (HETS) team.
Schut said it was a good thing the helicopter was able to assist them with getting the injured man out of the backcountry because without it evacuating him would have required towing him on a toboggan behind a snowmobile over very challenging terrain. The helicopter couldn't have responded after dark so if the accident had happened later in the day a ground rescue would have been necessary.
Related: GPS tracking assists in White Lake rescue
“He can certainly say that he was very fortunate,” Schut said.
The injured man was airlifted to Revelstoke and then taken by ambulance to the hospital in Vernon.
Schut said this is one of the first times in recent memory that SVSAR have called on the help of the Revelstoke's HETS team. The Vernon Search and Rescue winch rescue helicopter which usually assists with this type of rescue was unavailable.
Shuswap Volunteer Search and Rescue was called to help another injured snowmobiler on Owlhead on Saturday afternoon. A sledder with a broken leg was evacuated by helicopter with the help of seven Shuswap and seven Revelstoke search and rescue volunteers.
The busy weekend was not over for Shuswap Search and rescue who went out to locate two hikers who became lost and disoriented near Little Shuswap Lake. Schut said the hikers were located and brought back to the SVSAR command centre by 12:30 a.m. and the volunteers had made it home by 2 a.m.
@SalmonArm
sports@saobserver.net
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter
Young people being chased by police don't have the capacity to make sensible decisions, a clinical psychologist says.
On Monday, a 15-year-old driver and 12-year-old passenger died after a crash following a police pursuit in Palmerston North.
Psychologist Dougal Sutherland told Morning Report the adolescent brain was not fully developed until the age of 25.
"We shouldn't expect them to act like adults because they can't think like adults."
When police start chasing with their lights and sirens going, a young person's brain goes into flight-or-fight mode, he said.
They focus on getting away from the perceived danger - the police.
"What's not going on, and this is really important to think about the age of these young people, is that they don't have this decision-making, those planning, those thinking-ahead capacities, because simply their brain isn't fully developed yet."
Mr Sutherland said most young people do go through a period of antisocial behaviour when they experiment and take risks.
"To be fair most young people don't go on to continue those sorts of behaviours."
Joy riding in cars was just such an adrenaline-seeking activity, Mr Sutherland said.
But he said he did not know how police would be able to tell the age of a driver they were chasing.
March 29 Russian railway transportation company Transcontainer said on Wednesday:
* Net income totalled 3.2 billion roubles ($56.11 million) in 2016, up 14.6 percent year on year.
* 2016 earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) were at 7.1 billion roubles, up 8.8 percent compared to the previous year.
* Revenues rose 21.1 percent in 2016 to 51.5 billion roubles.
* Adjusted revenue was 8.3 percent higher at 22 billion roubles. Further company coverage: ($1 = 57.0267 roubles) (Reporting by Moscow Newsroom)
DUBAI May 3 Saudi Arabia's stock market fell in early trade on Wednesday after oil prices slipped, while a televised interview by the top economic policy official, Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, did little to boost market sentiment.
Advanced Petrochemical dropped 3.2 percent after the polypropylene maker posted first-quarter net income of 124 million riyals ($33.1 million), down 12.9 percent from a year ago and below NCB Capital's prediction of 149 million riyals.
Other petrochemical makers were also weak after Brent crude slipped below $51 a barrel overnight to its lowest close this year. Riyadh's stock index was down 0.3 percent after half an hour of trade.
The prince said the government would focus on investing in the mining sector, developing the weapons industry, supporting an auto industry and improving the kingdom's logistics, both sea and air.
He also said authorities would announce a programme to address the kingdom's shortage of private housing in the third quarter of this year. But he did not give a time frame or expected expenditure on those projects.
Among companies that could benefit from the government's industrial investment, Emaar the Economic City added 0.9 percent, extending the previous session's 4.6 percent gain, but Saudi Automotive Services gave back some of Tuesday's rise and fell 1.1 percent.
Saudi Mining Co (Ma'aden) the only listed company directly involved in mining, edged up 0.5 percent. National Metal Manufacturing and Casting rose 1.5 percent.
Small ground freight and logistics company Batic Investments and Logistics added 1.4 percent in active trade.
The prince also stressed the government's intention to give financial support to medium- and lower-income Saudi citizens to offset the impact of austerity measures. This encouraged investors to bid up the stocks of some consumer-oriented companies; retailer United Electronics rose 0.8 percent.
Elsewhere, Dubai's index edged down 0.3 percent as 20 shares declined and only nine rose. Union Properties fell 1.0 percent.
In Abu Dhabi, the index rose 0.2 percent with the largest listed lender, First Abu Dhabi Bank, up 1.4 percent.
Qatar's index was flat near a 20-week low; telecommunications operator Ooredoo was the worst performer, down 1.9 percent. The company's Omani unit, Nawras, looks set to face fresh competition after three other major Gulf teleommunications operators said they were bidding for a licence in Oman. (Reporting by Celine Aswad; Editing by Andrew Torchia and Andrew Heavens)
Find the latest updates as soon as they come to hand in one place here, as 1 NEWS provides rolling updates of important information and releases.
12.34am: Jos Ritchie from Civil Defence's emergency operations centre says the Marley Hill fire and Early Valley fire have merged.
12.25am: More citizen photos from the scene below:
12.14am: Civil Defence says helicopters and fixed planes have been stood down for the night. Ground crews and fire services are working through the night.
"The fires are burning within an estimated 1,655 hectare area on both sides of the Port Hills, but not all of this area is alight as the fire has been extinguished in some locations.
"If a member of the public is concerned about a flare up overnight, which they believe may threaten lives or property, we advise them to call emergency services on 111."
A map from the MODIS satellite showing locations of significant heat activity in the Port Hills within the last 24 hours, current as of midnight Wednesday. Source: NASA/MODIS
12.02am: Civil Defence has issued a correction to an earlier report that 40 homes had been engulfed. They now say only two or three homes have been engulfed on Worsley Spur.
11.52pm: Startling photos of the fire zone are flooding twitter. We've posted a few below. And just a word on 1 News' TV coverage of this story, we'll be staying on air with updates from our reporters at the scene every half hour throughout the night, you can catch them on TV1.
11.36pm: LATEST POLICE UPDATE: Police are assisting with the latest evacuations at Long Hurst Terrace, off Dyers Pass Road and residents should leave their properties immediately.
Police remind those who have been displaced that a welfare centre has been set up at Halswell Library, Halswell Road.
Anyone who is not able to evacuate themselves should call 111.
11.23pm: Police have confirmed 40 houses have been engulfed in flames on Worsley Rd. Police and New Zealand Defence personnel are currently evacuating homes in the Kennedys Bush, Cashmere and Hoon Hay Valley roads as well as homes from the Sign of the Takahe to Victoria Park. The advice from Civil Defence is that if you have any concerns about your safety, leave your home.
Christchurch Mayor Lianne Dalziel earlier confirmed to Newstalk ZB that up to 400 people had been evacuated from the street.
10.26pm: Update from police: Residents in the area from the Sign of the Takahe, Cashmere to Victoria Park should evacuate their homes immediately. This includes Victoria Park Road, Pentre Terrace and Dyers Pass, south of Takahe Drive. The south side of Cashmere Road between Kennedy's Bush Road and Hoon Hay Valley Road is also being evacuated.
10.15pm: MAJOR UPDATE - Christchurch Civil Defence update - Residents from the sign of the Takahe to Victoria Park should evacuate their homes immediately. The fire has crossed Dyers Pass Road into Victoria Park.
9.50pm: We are also evacuating the south side of Cashmere Road to Kennedy's Bush Road, and to Hoon Hay Valley Road, says Christchurch City Council.
9.40pm - vision from the 1 NEWS weathercam on Sugarloaf reveals the ferocity of the blaze.
9.40pm - Civil Defence update: Around 300-400 people have been evacuated from homes in Worsley Road, Cracroft, the bottom of Hoon Hay Valley Road and the Westmorland area. Hundreds of others across the hills have self-evacuated as the fire spreads.
9.35pm Kordia says its transmission site located at the bottom of Sugarloaf, which provides services that include television and radio for the Christchurch area, is currently under 'significant threat by the Port Hills fire'. Kordia says it has activated its disaster recovery plans and is 'working with its customers to prepare for the worst'.
9.30pm: Authorities are advising that the fire has crossed Dyers Pass Road into Victoria Park, Christchurch City Council says. Police and theDefence Force are evacuating properties.
8.15pm Christchurch Police are putting extra patrols in fire-hit areas to provide reassurance to members of the public, and to check in on those with power outages. There have been no more evacuations since Kennedy's Bush Rd was cleared earlier today. Police suggested that it would be good for people to check on their neighbours, who could be feeling anxious.
8.10pm Authorities are stressing that anyone near the Port hill fires should be packed and ready to go at all times if required to evacuate.
7.39pm MAJOR UPDATE Three houses have been destroyed on Hoon Hay Valley Road this afternoon, and one on Old Tai Tapu Road. The Selwyn District Council says the fire is now within about 1655 hectares - though not all of that is alight, as some has been extinguished. The Marley Hill fire has spread down Worsley Spur causing considerable burning at the Christchurch Adventure Park, which has been evacuated. The fire is approaching the residential area of Westmorland.
ROAD CLOSURES
Cashmere Road is closed west of Kaiwara Street through to Kennedys Bush Road.
Worsleys Road is closed
Hoon Hay Valley Rd is closed
Kennedys Bush Road is closed form the roundabout with Rock Hill Drive. This includes the southbound cycle track
Worsleys Track from Worlseys Road is closed
Dyers Pass Road is closed between Hackthorne Road to Governors Bay Road. Use the Lyttelton Tunnel or Gebbies Pass as the alternate route
Summit Road is closed between Gebbies Pass and Rapaki Track
Old Tai Tapu Road is closed between Osterholts Road and Early Valley Road
Early Valley Road is closed
LONDON, Aug 12 (Reuters) - Burnley manager Sean Dyche was delighted after his team ditched their label as poor travellers to pull off a shock 3-2 win at champions Chelsea, who finished with nine men, on Saturday.
The Clarets didn't win away from home last season until their penultimate road trip but led the champions 3-0 at half-time after the Londoners had skipper Gary Cahill sent off in the 14th minute.
Burnley's form at home and away contrasted sharply last season.
Dyche's side won 10 games at home -- more than Manchester United and the ninth-best in the league -- but managed only a solitary away win, at Crystal Palace. And their seven points on the road was the second-worst record in the league.
"A lot was made of our away form last season, and don't get me wrong, that doesn't correct it. But it's a great start," said Dyche.
"It kills all the stories off immediately by getting a first win, a first away win and giving the fans a great afternoon out," added the Burnley boss, whose team are widely predicted to be in the relegation battle again this campaign.
"We're written off at the start of every season. It kills off a few things early doors and it allows the players that space for growth," added Dyche.
Chelsea were reduced to nine players in the 81st minute when Cesc Fabregas was shown a second yellow card but Dyche felt his team deserved the win.
"I thought we were strong early in the game, while it was 11 v 11. The sending-off made a difference and I thought we did really, really well to handle that and keep the ball and create chances," he said.
Wales striker Sam Vokes scored twice while Ireland fullback Stephen Ward hammered in a fierce drive.
“We scored three good goals and I think when you are talking about who you are playing against and where you are playing, that's up there as one of the best 45 minutes of my time here," said the manager, who joined Burnley in 2012.
"It's rare for any game in the Premier League to be three goals up at halftime, but particularly so when you are down at Chelsea.
'BIG WIN'
"The shape and organisation was great. (Chelsea) had to respond, which they did, so credit to them, but we were disappointed with the two goals.
"Before that, we'd kept a good shape and I don't think they opened us up or made too many chances. But it's a big win.
"They're a fine side, even with 10 men." (Reporting by Simon Evans,; Editing by Neville Dalton)
FILE PHOTO: Grey clouds hang over a Tesco Extra store in New Malden, London, Britain, June 4, 2014. REUTERS/Luke MacGregor/File Photo
LONDON A court approved a deal on Monday between Britain's biggest retailer Tesco plc (TSCO.L) and the country's Serious Fraud Office (SFO) to settle a probe over a 2014 accounting scandal.
Approval by judge Brian Leveson of the Deferred Prosecution Agreement (DPA), first detailed on March 28, means Tesco will pay a 129 million pound fine and the SFO's full costs of a two and a half year inquiry.
The DPA relates to false accounting by Tesco's UK business, Tesco Stores Limited, between February and September 2014.
The scandal sparked the biggest crisis in Tesco's near 100-year history.
The DPA only relates to the potential criminal liability of Tesco Stores Ltd, and does not address whether liability of any sort attaches to Tesco plc or any employee or former employee of Tesco plc or Tesco Stores Ltd.
Subject to compliance with the terms of the DPA, the SFO's investigation into Tesco is concluded.
Last month, Tesco also struck a deal with Britain's Financial Conduct Authority (FCA), agreeing to a finding of market abuse in relation to a trading update published on Aug. 29, 2014, which overstated expected first-half profits by 250 million pounds, mainly because it booked commercial deals with suppliers too early.
That deal will see Tesco pay investors 85 million pounds in compensation.
Tesco, which has been rebuilding since the crisis and a price war that hammered the whole supermarket sector, has said it will take a one-off charge of 235 million pounds in its 2016-17 results, due on April 12, to cover the fine and compensation.
Shares in Tesco were up 2.3 percent at 194 pence at 1518 GMT.
(Reporting by James Davey; Editing by Susan Thomas and Mark Potter)
SCULPTURE BY THE SEA: Artist Paul Perry working on hebel sculpture.
MAKE the most of the autumn weather at a beachside sculpture workshop in Bundy next month.
Artist and workshop tutor Paul Perry says hebel is an easy material to begin sculpting with.
"Anyone who has used a pruning saw can make a sculpture they would be proud to put in their garden,” he said.
"You never know, this might be the start of a whole new creative adventure. It's worth a try.”
Creative Regions associate producer Wendy Zunker said the workshop was held for the first time during last year's Crush Festival.
She said participants with little or no experience were thrilled with what they created.
Next month's workshop will be held at Nielson Park in the morning on Saturday, May 6.
Numbers are strictly limited and bookings are essential.
The cost is $65.
Click here for more information, or contact Wendy on 0458 199 650.
This workshop has been facilitated by Creative Regions through the Bundaberg Arts Network, made possible through partnership with Bundaberg Regional Council.
Chief Madzimawe of the Ngoni people has asked government to increase grants for traditional ceremonies.
The traditional leader says the current 5,000 Kwacha grant that government releases towards the hosting of big traditional ceremonies such as Nc'wala is too minimal.
Chief Madzimawe was speaking during the Nc'wala Ceremony preparatory meeting at Laweni in M'tenguleni yesterday.
Chief Madzimawe, who is former House of Chiefs Chairperson, noted that traditional ceremonies such as Nc'wala of the Ngoni, Kuomboka of the Lozi and Kusefya Pang'wena of the Bemba need to be well funded by government.
He says this is so because big ceremonies attract a huge number of people who need to be catered for by the organising committees.
The traditional leader wondered why the grant from government was reduced from the previous years when it was about 15 thousand Kwacha.
German ministry says disagrees with regional bans on diesel cars
BERLIN, June 14 Germany's federal government is against individual states and cities banning cars with diesel engines to reduce pollution, a transport ministry spokesman said on Wednesday following reports that local authorities in Munich are considering such a step.
After multiple public statements from the White House, there are still numerous unanswered questions surrounding Michael Flynn's Monday-night resignation from his position as national security adviser.
Flynn is under fire for a discussion he had with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak on the day that the U.S. announced sanctions for cyber hacking that took place during the U.S. election.
White House press secretary Sean Spicer characterized the resignation as being about "eroding trust" between President Trump and Flynn, rather than a legal issue, and he said it was Trump's decision to have Flynn step down. House Speaker Paul Ryan also said the resignation was Trump's call. Those accounts contradict earlier remarks from White House adviser Kellyanne Conway, who said the move was Flynn's.
Here are six the questions we still have about the events:
1. What exactly did Flynn say about U.S. sanctions in his call with Kislyak?
Spicer maintained Tuesday that Flynn being asked to step down was about "trust" and that there was "nothing wrong or inappropriate" about Flynn's call with the ambassador. There is a transcript of the call produced by the intelligence community, NPR has confirmed. It shows there was discussion about the sanctions. "Still, current and former administration officials familiar with the call said the transcript was ambiguous enough that Mr. Trump could have justified either firing or retaining Mr. Flynn," the New York Times reported.
Flynn briefed Vice President Pence before Pence made a round of TV appearances Jan. 15 in which he denied Flynn discussed the sanctions in the call. White House press secretary Sean Spicer said on Jan. 13 that Flynn told him the call was to convey Christmas greetings, condolences for a plane crash that killed members of a Russian Military choir, Russian talks about the war in Syria and logistics for a post-inauguration call between Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin.
In his resignation letter, Flynn apologized for giving the vice president and others "incomplete information regarding my phone calls with the Russian Ambassador."
2. Did Flynn's conversation influence Russia's decision not to retaliate with sanctions of its own?
The Obama administration announced sanctions on Dec. 29 in response to findings that Russia used cyberattacks during the presidential campaign in an effort to assist Trump. The administration expected Russia to retaliate, but it never did. At the time, Trump tweeted glowingly about Putin's decision not to react.
3. Why wait until now to ask for a resignation?
NPR's Carrie Johnson reports that the White House knew Flynn's public statements didn't match what occurred.
Johnson reports that former acting Attorney General Sally Yates, since fired over her stance to not enforce Trump's travel ban, told White House Counsel Donald McGahn about the call's actual contents. Spicer said Tuesday that the Justice Department notified White House counsel on Jan. 26 and that the president was notified immediately.
Spicer said that the White House has been "reviewing and evaluating this issue on a daily basis" for a few weeks and that Flynn has been questioned on multiple occasions.
As the Washington Post notes, though, on Friday Trump gave reporters the impression that he "was not familiar with a Washington Post report that revealed that Flynn had not told the truth about the calls."
4. Who was behind the initial leak?
Who was the first person to share that Flynn had spoken to the Russian ambassador? Trump himself asked Tuesday morning in a tweet, "Why are there so many illegal leaks coming out of Washington?" Spicer echoed concerns about the leak in his briefing.
The Washington Post's Callum Borchers has three theories on "why the Trump White House keeps leaking":
They can't help but gossip,
It's all distraction, getting media to pay attention to "who has power, rather than what the people in power are actually doing," or
Bait for negative coverage so that it can continue to "cast the media as a political opponent."
But it's also possible, if not likely, that the leaks on this issue came from the intelligence community or Justice Department. That could mean that there are people in the government and national-security infrastructure who had genuine concerns about Flynn and how Trump's White House is being run.
House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes, R-Calif., blasted the leaks in a hallway interview on Tuesday, NPR's Susan Davis reports.
"Here's what I know: Gen. Flynn did not break the law talking to the Russia ambassador, in fact that's his job," Nunes said. "Who did break the law is whoever recorded this, unmasked it and leaked it, that is clearly multiple violations."
5. Who will replace Flynn?
Spicer said in a briefing Tuesday afternoon the president is "currently evaluating a group of strong candidates."
Three are thought to be the leading contenders:
Ret. Lt. Gen. Joseph Kellogg , the acting national security adviser, named with Flynn's resignation;
, the acting national security adviser, named with Flynn's resignation; Ret. Vice Adm. Robert Harward , the former deputy director of CENTCOM during the Obama administration. He's a former Navy SEAL who grew up in Iran; and
, the former deputy director of CENTCOM during the Obama administration. He's a former Navy SEAL who grew up in Iran; and Ret. Gen. David Petraeus, the former CIA director in the Obama administration who was sentenced to two years probation and had to pay a $100,000 fine for sharing classified information with a woman he was having an affair with. His probation expires in April.
Also in the running is John Kelly, who was recently confirmed as Trump's homeland security secretary, NPR's Tom Bowman reports.
But, Bowman reports, the smart money is on Harward for now.
6. Will Trump continue to speak with Flynn anyway?
Trump is known to pick up his cell phone. And Flynn is someone who was one of Trump's closest and most trusted national-security advisers during the campaign.
Flynn surely has that number. And there's some precedent for it. Trump has continued communication with other former aides and adviser, including Corey Lewandowski, who was was fired as Trump's campaign manager in June.
March 30 Home Bancshares Inc
* Home Bancshares, Inc. announces pricing and upsizing of subordinated notes offering
* Home Bancshares Inc - Pricing of $300 million of its 5.625% fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes due 2027
* Home Bancshares Inc - Notes will initially bear interest at 5.625% per annum
* Home Bancshares Inc - Notes will mature on April 15, 2027
* Home Bancshares Inc - Elected to increase aggregate principal amount of notes for $300 million from previously announced amount of $150 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Egypt condemned on Sunday the terrorist attack that took place in Turkey's city of Istanbul, which left at least 39 Turkish nationals and foreigners dead and dozens injured.
In a statement issued by Egypt's Foreign Ministry, official spokesperson Ahmed Abou Zeid severely condemned the mass shooting that occurred in the early hours of 1 January in a nightclub by a gunman who is currently being followed by Turkish security forces.
Islamic State (IS) claimed its responsibility for the terrorist attack on Monday, reportedly saying that this attack was a part of a chain of attacks that will be executed by IS in Turkey against Christians.
Abou Zeid stressed Egypt's consistent stance on the importance of international collaboration to combat terrorism as it threatens the entire world, without separating between religions or ethnicities.
Turkey has witnessed several terrorist attacks over the past year, which is not in favour of Turkey's economy that has been deteriorating since the failed attempted coup in July.
The Turkish prime minister said following the attack that the assailant escaped from the nightclub amid a stampede from the civilians who were at a state of panic during the attack. Turkish president Recep Tayyip Erdoğan said the attack is an attempt destabilise the country and terrorise civilians. The Turkish minister of interior said the police apparatus believes that only one person is responsible for the attack; however, eyewitnesses were reported as saying that there were more than one assailant.
In December, the Russian ambassador to Turkey was shot dead during a press conference by a police officer in a gallery in Ankara. Also in December, two bombs detonated near a stadium in Istanbul, leaving dozens dead.
The nightclub attack came amid high security measures taken by Turkish security forces. About 17,000 officers were deployed around Istanbul following the continuous attacks that swept Turkey.
SecurePay, a Magento 2 extesion, enabling vendors to accept credit card solutions to is available for purchase at CedCemmerce.
Contact
Karshit Bhargava
marketing@cedcommerce.com Karshit Bhargava
End
-- CedCommerce, on Wednesday, has announced the release of its Magento 2 community-edition online payment accpetance solution Secure Pay. The extension will enable all the magento 2 users successfully accept credit card payment related online transactions.Upon installation extension will enable its users transact through Visa, Mastercard, American Express, Discover, JCB and Diners Club International credit cards. Also, the selllers can integrate and test the securepay payment before it's application in the real world gets started.It supports Sandbox(test)and Production(live)environment. Also, It supports authorize & capture and authorize only payment actions.It enables users to create online invoice and online refund through SecurePay payment gateway and encrypts Merchant Password among its other features.The Securepay integration is available at CedCommerce's website: and is priced at $149. The extension is compatible for Magento 2.0 and Magento 2.1 edition.Started in 2010, CedCommerce has since then been involved in 1000+ Magento e-commerce websites building and customization. Among other top products of company are Multi Vendor Marketplace, Walmart Magento 2 integration extension and MageNative app which enables users to convert their websites into mobile apps.See More:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Actor Bill Ward is renowned for his roles in soaps such as Eastenders and Emmerdale, but now he has traded in the small screen for the big stage and will be coming to the Grand Opera House in Belfast at the end of this month with the hit play Not Dead Enough.
Bill, who will be joined on stage by Laura Whitmore and award winning actor Stephen Billington, is stepping in to the shoes of DS Roy Grace, the main protagonist in the novels penned by best selling author Peter James.
The play is, at its heart, a murder mystery, with plenty of twists and turns along the way.
Not Dead Enough is the third book in the series of DS Roy Grace books to be adapted for the stage, and bringing the character to life is not something that Bill takes lightly, particularly as he has just recently taken over the roll from another Eastenders stalwart - Shane Ritchie.
“I took over from Shane halfway through the run,” he explained. “I read the book first and I really liked it and then I saw the show about three or four times before I started rehearsals. We are such different actors and I think it is quite a different show with me in it.
“Roy Grace is a career detective, the only thing he ever wanted to be been a policeman.
“What's interesting from my point of view is that he has a very unusual brain. He is fiercely logical but unusually lateral. He can follow a line of argument right to the bitter end very logically but is quite capable of thinking outside the box.
“He also has an unsolved mystery in his life. His wife went missing on his birthday a number of years ago and he has absolutely no idea what happened to her. Running in parallel to the murder in this particular play, he is also trying to solve her disappearance and those two things runs concurrently.”
Adapted by award winning writer Shaun McKenna and directed by Olivier award winner Ian Talbot, Not Dead Enough, will have you on the edge of your seat and guessing right to the end. Don't miss your chance to see the world premiere tour of the UK's newest box office hit.
The show runs from June 26 - July 1, and tickets are on sale now from the Grand Opera House Box Office,
Next week's hurling league final is far from novel. The pairing of Tipperary and Galway is the most recurring fixture in the past 30 years of finals having been played on seven occasions, nearly a quarter of the total.
With two exceptions – in 1989 at Croke Park and 1999 in Ennis – the matches have been played in Limerick's Gaelic Grounds, the venue for next Sunday's final with a 3.30 throw-in.
It is also a renewal of one of the modern game's most influential rivalries. The stark difference between last year and 2015 for Tipperary was that in the first year they lost to Galway in an All-Ireland semi-final by a point and last August beat them by the same margin before going on to defeat Kilkenny in the final.
In fact Tipperary's last five All-Irelands – all of them going back to 1971 – have featured a win against the Westerners on the way to success in September, including the 2001 final.
The counties have equally divided the six finals to date over this period but success has never led to greater things the following September.
In 1989 Galway won the league but Tipperary won the All-Ireland, ending the 18-year famine that had afflicted the county – reversing the league final outcome along the way in a controversial All-Ireland semi-final.
For more than 50 years Tipperary have been unable to defend their All-Ireland title a year later. As a sign of that difficulty in following up on a Liam MacCarthy, the county has never won the next season's league title. Over that period of five All-Ireland titles only on one occasion did the county reach the following league final.
More businesslike
That was in 1992 when they surprisingly lost to Limerick and within a few weeks had been knocked out of the championship by Cork.
This year, manager Michael Ryan has alluded to his desire to go about their business like champions but he has also been keen to emphasise that there was nothing special about their attitude to the spring competition.
“We've arrived in a great position today, thankfully,” he said in March after defeating Clare in Thurles for a third successive victory. We approached the league the same way we always do. I hate to tell you lads but that's exactly how we've approached it every year but results didn't follow us.”
Yet the county has looked undeniably more businesslike in the early months of this season. After Sunday's big semi-final win over Wexford, Ryan acknowledged their ambitions for the league and he is looked forward to the final against familiar opponents.
During his playing career he hurled in the league finals of 1994, '96 and 2000, winning the first but losing the other two.
“We never fail to have but a good game with Galway. It's super preparation for us – four weeks out from next Sunday to championship but look, for the time we're in there's a national title to be played for. We're delighted to be in that final, we set it out really early in the year that we wanted to have a real go at this league and try and win it. That story hasn't changed.”
MIRAMAR, Fla. - An 8-month-old girl was killed in a dog attack Wednesday in Miramar, police said.
The attack was reported at a home in the 2400 block of Kingston Drive.
Miramar police confirmed that the infant was killed by the family pet while she was in the care of a relative.
Sky 10 was above the scene at 12:30 p.m. as authorities had the home blocked off with crime scene tape. Animal control vans were parked outside the home.
A woman, possibly the victim's mother, was being consoled by officers.
Miramar Fire Rescue officials said a crew was called to the scene regarding a pit bull attack, but they did not take anyone to a hospital.
Fire Rescue officials said the incident is now a police investigation.
Watch Local 10 News or refresh this page for updates.
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
Automotive grease helps diminish friction and wear, provide corrosion protection, seal bearings from contaminants and water, repel leakage, resist change in consistency or structure during service, maintain flexibility under conditions of application, and repel or tolerate moisture. The consistency or hardness of the grease is measured by a penetrometer, which consists of a cone of specific weight and size dropped into the grease for five seconds. The color of the grease is determined by thickener, base oil, dye, and additive. Grease can be of any color to suit a particular application, environment, or identification purposes. The ability of any particular grease to be handled by grease dispensers, grease pumps, and other components in an automated greasing system depends on the viscosity of the grease. Depending on the application of grease, different base oils and thickeners can be used.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/automotive-grease-market.html
Growth in the automotive industry is anticipated to boost the demand for automotive grease. Additionally, increase in demand for automobiles in emerging economies in Asia Pacific and Latin America is estimated to further propel the demand for automotive grease. However, strict environmental regulations, fluctuation in prices of raw materials, and weak demand in Europe and North America are projected to hamper market growth.
The shelf life of grease is affected by the amount and type of thickener used, consistency of the grease, formulation complexity, and manufacturing method employed. Generally, lithium complex, straight lithium, and calcium complex greases remain stable for an extended time. Barium and bentone greases tend to soften upon aging. Based on these, the shelf life of most Penrite greases is about seven years. However, semi-fluid grease and steering box lubricant have just two years of shelf life.
Asia Pacific is projected to be the key region of the automotive grease market, followed by North America and Europe, during the forecast period. India and China are the major markets in Asia
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=22223
Pacific due to the presence of an established automotive industry. Singapore, Republic of Korea, Vietnam, and Malaysia are expected to be other prominent consumers of automotive grease in Asia Pacific. The automotive grease market in Europe and North America is projected to experience moderate to high growth rate during the forecast period. The automotive grease market in Latin America is also likely to expand at a rapid pace due to the increase in number of cars in emerging economies in the region. Argentina and Brazil are estimated to be major consumers of automotive grease in Latin America.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
SOCHI, Russia, April 29 Formula One championship leader Sebastian Vettel secured Ferrari's first pole position since 2015 on Saturday with teammate Kimi Raikkonen completing a front row sweep at the Russian Grand Prix.
The pole, Vettel's 47th, ended a run of 18 in a row for world champions Mercedes who had Valtteri Bottas and Lewis Hamilton right behind the two red cars in third and fourth places.
Vettel, a four-times world champion with Red Bull, has won two of the first three races and leads triple champion Hamilton by seven points.
As a measure of Ferrari's achievement in breaking the Mercedes stranglehold and returning to form, the pole was only the Italian team's sixth since 2008. (Reporting by Alan Baldwin, editing by Pritha Sarkar)
CHARLOTTE, Mich./NEW YORK, Feb 2 (Reuters) - For years, Bailey Lorencen kept a dark secret - USA Gymnastics doctor Larry Nassar abused her when she was a middle-school gymnast.
Even after reporting him to authorities, the gymnast, now 23 years old, remained hesitant to share her story with the world and was known only as “Victim B” in court documents. The tough questions she endured from Nassar's lawyers at a preliminary hearing, before he pleaded guilty to molestation, only strengthened her reluctance.
But as she watched scores of other victims speaking out at Nassar's sentencing last month, she realized she wanted to add her voice, and her name, to the chorus.
“I was not even going to write a statement, but after seeing other girls do it, I decided I needed to,” she told Reuters on Wednesday in Charlotte, Michigan, where Nassar's victims are testifying at a second sentencing hearing.
“I could see as they walked away from the podium, a weight lifted from their shoulders,” she said.
Lorencen's experience shows how the Nassar case, coming amid an ongoing national debate over sexual misconduct and the “#MeToo” movement, will likely help convince more abuse victims to come forward as their stories are viewed as credible, according to several experts in sexual trauma.
On Jan. 24, Nassar was sentenced to up to 175 years in prison, following an extraordinary hearing in Lansing, Michigan, in which more than 150 Nassar victims delivered emotionally wrenching statements about his actions.
Prosecutors initially told the court that 88 victims would speak, but as the statements began, more and more women came forward.
A similar dynamic appears to be unfolding in Charlotte.
Two of Lorencen's friends from their days as teenage gymnasts, Annie Labrie and Madison Bonofiglio, were among several women who stepped out of the shadow of anonymity on Wednesday to confront Nassar in court.
“I was so certain I didn't want to do it, that it would open old wounds that I didn't want to face,” Labrie, 23, told Reuters on Wednesday shortly after she spoke in court, where she had previously been known only as “Victim C” in documents.
“But I realized it's a little bit rare for women to have a voice in situations like this and for victims to have a voice,” she said.
Labrie said the three friends had never discussed their shared stories of abuse when they were teens, though she said they implied they found Nassar uncomfortable.
“We told each other without really telling each other,” she said.
BELIEVING SURVIVORS
Many abuse survivors are wary of speaking out, often because they justifiably fear their accounts will be met with skepticism, victims' advocates say.
“We have this long history of doubting the stories of accusers,” said Deborah Tuerkheimer, a law professor at Northwestern University who recently published a research paper documenting what she calls the “credibility discount.”
In the Nassar case, many victims have accused USA Gymnastics and Michigan State University, where Nassar also worked, of sweeping complaints about his behavior under the rug for years.
On Thursday, a local police department in Michigan apologized to one victim for declining to bring charges against Nassar in 2004 after she complained of abuse.
“One of the things that the '#MeToo' movement seems to be doing is changing that credibility calculus,” Tuerkheimer said.
Sexual assault hotlines have already seen an uptick in calls in recent months, after a slew of scandals involving powerful men from Hollywood to Washington, she said.
Jennifer Long, whose non-profit AEquitas advises prosecutors on sexual violence, said she hoped the Nassar case would emphasize the need for law enforcement and the justice system to improve its handling of sexual misconduct allegations.
“This has to be a moment of encouragement, where victims' voices are being heard and these crimes are being pulled from the shadows,” she said.
Often victims first tell family members, whose response can sometimes dictate whether the allegations proceed further, according to experts.
One of Nassar's victims, Kyle Stephens, a family friend of the doctor, told her parents at age 12 that he had abused her. In emotional testimony at his hearing, Stephens said they did not believe her and that she believed her father's suicide last year was partly due to his guilt over their skepticism.
It was Stephens' testimony, more than anyone else‘s, that convinced Lorencen she should speak publicly at his sentencing.
“I thought, if she can do this, any of us could do it,” Lorencen said.
The day before her appearance, Lorencen was having breakfast with her father and sister when she turned to them and said: “Let's do it.” (Reporting by Joseph Ax; Editing by Steve Orlofsky)
May 2 Eltel Ab
* Eltel's board of directors has decided to file a report to police regarding former CEO Axel Hjärne
* Decided to appoint a special investigator to investigate liability regarding negative outcome in project business
* Based on investigation conclusions, decided to file police report regarding suspicions of accounting violation and/or fraud against co's former CEO Axel Hjärne Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BRIEF-NARI Technology says dividend payment date on June 22
* Says it will pay cash dividend of 0.3 yuan per share (before tax) for FY 2016 to shareholders of record on June 21
Province 3 Governor Anuradha Koirala on Wednesday urged all to unite against trafficking of women and children.
Speaking at a programme on the occasion of silver jubilee of Aadarshanari Bikas Kendra, Chitwan, Koirala said it was necessary to join hands against women and children trafficking to free the country of crime.
On the occasion, Mayor of Bharatpur Metropolitan city Renu Dahal stressed the need for all to come together against the crime, while praising the Kendra for its activities against human trafficking.
According to Rastriya Samachar Samiti (RSS), Chief of Women and Children Office in the district, Shanta Poudel, pointed out that women were still facing difficulties in the course of their upbringing.
Meanwhile, the Kendra honoured Koirala for her significant role to minimize trafficking of women and children in the country.
New Delhi [India], Mar 20 (ANI): BlackBerry and Microsoft has announced a strategic partnership to offer enterprises a solution that integrates BlackBerry's expertise in mobility and security with Microsoft's unmatched cloud and productivity products.
Through this partnership, the companies have collaborated on a first-of-its-kind solution: BlackBerry Enterprise BRIDGE. This technology provides a highly-secure way for their joint customers - the world's largest banks, healthcare providers, law firms, and central governments - to seamlessly use native Microsoft mobile apps from within BlackBerry Dynamics.
By making Microsoft's mobile apps seamlessly available from within BlackBerry Dynamics, enterprise users will now have a consistent experience when opening, editing, and saving a Microsoft Office 365 file such as Excel, PowerPoint, and Word on any iOS® or Android™ device. This enables users to work anytime, anyplace, with rich file fidelity. At the same time, corporate IT departments benefit from a greater return on their existing investments, and added assurance that their company's data and privacy is secured to the highest standards and in compliance with corporate and regulatory policies.
"BlackBerry has always led the market with new and innovative ways to protect corporate data on mobile devices," said president of Global Sales at BlackBerry, Carl Wiese.
"We saw a need for a hyper-secure way for our joint customers to use native Office 365 mobile apps. BlackBerry Enterprise BRIDGE addresses this need and is a great example of how BlackBerry and Microsoft continue to securely enable workforces to be highly productive in today's connected world," added Carl Wiese.
"In an era when digital technology is driving rapid transformation, customers are looking for a trusted partner," said Judson Althoff, executive vice president of Worldwide Commercial Business at Microsoft.
"Our customers choose Microsoft 365 for productivity and collaboration tools that deliver continuous innovation, and do so securely. Together with BlackBerry, we will take this to the next level and provide enterprises with a new standard for secure productivity," added Judson Althoff.
"Along with a number of our peers in the Financial Services industry, we see strategic partnerships like this one as key to enhancing and bringing new products to market," said George Sherman, Managing Director, CIO Global Technology Infrastructure, JPMorgan Chase. "This partnership will help create a more seamless mobile experience for end-users, which is a top priority for us at JPMorgan Chase."
Lastly, the companies shared that the BlackBerry Secure platform for connecting people, devices, processes and systems, has been integrated with the Microsoft Azure cloud platform. Specifically, BlackBerry UEM Cloud, BlackBerry Workspaces, BlackBerry Dynamics, and BlackBerry AtHoc are now available on Azure. (ANI)
Brian Rist, President and CEO of Storm Smart Industries
Contact
Uncommon Friends Foundation
***@uncommonfriends.org Uncommon Friends Foundation
End
-- Storm Smart Industries has signed on as the Jim and Ellie Newton Presenting Sponsor of Uncommon Friends Foundation's 2017 and 2018 Uncommon Evening event that celebrates ethics in the workplace and in education. The 2017 event will be held on Thursday, November 2, 2017 from 6 to 9 p.m. at the Gale McBride Pavilion at the historic Burroughs Home & Gardens in Fort Myers. As Presenting Sponsor, Storm Smart Industries' President and CEO Brian Rist will announce the winner of the Business Ethics Award.Storm Smart Industries is sponsoring two consecutive Uncommon Evening events and another future event for students to bring more awareness to the fundamental importance of ethics in businesses and education."While we have been fortunate in hiring employees with exceptional character and integrity, it has been one of our biggest challenges,"said Brian Rist. "We feel the key to overcoming that challenge for all employers is to begin teaching our children about integrity and doing the right thing at an early age … long before college. We want our sponsorship to help Uncommon Friends Foundation develop additional opportunities for our youth to learn the value of high ethics earlier in life."Remaining sponsorships range from $1,500 to $5,000, including event tickets. In addition to Storm Smart Industries, sponsorships already committed for 2017 include AFCO Insurance, Eunice and Alexandra Bremner, BB&T Oswald Trippe and Company, Edison National Bank, Florida Weekly, HBKS Wealth Advisors, Henderson, Franklin, Starnes & Holt, P.A., Red Coconut RV Resort, Sanibel-Captiva Beach Resorts, Sunshine Ace Hardware, and The News-Press Group. Individual ticket reservations are $125 each.For more information about tickets and sponsorships, visit https://uncommonfriends.org/ or contact Kerri Goldsmith at kgoldsmith@hbkswealth.com or Foundation Executive Director Jennifer Nelson at jennifer@uncommonfriends.org. All wcj of the money raised at Uncommon Evening supports the Uncommon Friends Foundation's programs and the historic preservation of the Burroughs Home & Gardens.Storm Smart Industries is a recognized leader in lifestyle improvement products for hurricane protection. Headquartered in Fort Myers, Florida, Storm Smart is the largest manufacturer and installer of code-approved hurricane protection products, delivered with unmatched manufacturing, installation and customer service. For more information, visit http://stormsmart.com/or call 239.938.1000.The Uncommon Friends Foundation is a nonprofit 501 (c) (3) organization dedicated to lifelong character building among today's youth and business leaders. Its waterfront Gale McBride Pavilion is available for weddings and events. For more information, to reserve the pavilion for meetings and events, or to arrange for historic guided tours, call 239-337-9503.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
By Perez Brisibe
UGHELLI—ONE person was, last Tuesday, killed by unidentified gunmen in the Ojokor area of Ughelli, Delta State, in what sources described as a cult-related attack.
Though details of the deceased could not be ascertained at press time, eyewitnesses at the scene of the incident disclosed that he was shot twice by his assailants, who immediately fled the scene of the incident thereafter.
One of the eyewitnesses, a resident in the area, told Vanguard that the incident occurred at about 2p.m., adding “we heard gunshots in the area only to be told that some cultists shot a boy who was drinking with others at a bar.
“He was shot in the head and later confirmed dead on his way to the hospital.”
Mdantsane police are investigating a case of culpable homicide after a taxi allegedly killed two young girls and seriously injured another two in an accident at Qumza highway, NU1.
On 13 August 2017 it is alleged that a taxi derailed off the road and hit two young girls aged 7 and 9 years who were walking in the pavement, both girls were killed.
The other victims an 11 and 23 year old were rushed to a local hospital.
The cause of the accident is unknown. Investigation continues.
South Africa Today – South Africa News
Three of the reigning Binibining Pilipinas queens were given an exclusive send-off party at Novotel Manila-Araneta Center on Tuesday. Organized by Binibining Pilipinas Charities, Inc. (BPCI), family, friends, media, sponsors and well-wishers were invited to show their love and support for the country's representatives to the grandest beauty pageants in the world.
Advertisements
Scheduled to leave one after the other—starting off with 2017 Binibining Pilipinas Grand International Elizabeth Clenci, who flew to Vietnam on Thursday for her October 25 competition—the gathering proved to be an afternoon well spent for the queens who basked in the encouragement of their kababayan.
Peace ambassador
With the advocacy and mission of Miss Grand International (MGI) being “Stop the War and Violence,” Clenci was aptly appointed National Peace Ambassador by Presidential Peace Adviser Jesus Dureza on August 24.
The 26-year-old beauty, whose father is Romanian and whose mother hails from Agusan del Norte, said it is her goal to inspire everyone to be ambassadors of peace, unity and understanding.
“Peace isn't achieved by just one person, one leader, one influencer. Each and everyone of us plays an equally important role. And I think that's where equality starts, knowing that you—no matter your age, race, religion or sexual preference—are an equal and just as significant as anyone else, to make difference in this world.”
Clenci will be the first to compete among the Binibini queens in the fifth edition of Miss Global International on October 25 at the Vinpearl Phu Quoc Resort ans Villas Convention Hall.
Not much into social media, the music major-bassist was surprised upon learning she currently leads online votes among MGI candidates.
Clenci succeeds Nicole Cordoves who placed first runner-up in the Thai-created pageant, held in Las Vegas last year. Cordoves will host the finals night as Indonesian titleholder Ariska Outri Pertiwii bequeaths the crown to her to the winner, hopefully, our inspiring Filipina beauty.
Lady pilot
Scheduled to fly out next is 2017 Binibining Pilipinas Globe Nelda Ibe. She leaves on October 22 for the pageant in Tirana, Albania on November 3.
The lady pilot, who joined another beauty pageant before placing in Binibining Pilipinas at her first attempt, said it is harder to fly a plane than maintain. This was her clever answer when asked to compare her profession and new vocation.
In 2016, Philippine bet Nichole Manalo was declared Miss Dream Girl of the World, as the first Filipina Miss Globe 2015 Ann Lorraine Colis crowned her successor Dimple Patel of India.
Miss Globe's advocacy and focus is culture and heritage, and Ibe said she is ready for the contest what with valuable tips given to her by Colis and Manalo.
Asked if her TV hosting chores in “Wowowin” has not gotten in the way of her pageant preparations, the AB English Literature graduate of Tarlac State University who then went to Clark Aviation School, said that she promoted her advocacy and the Miss Globe pageant in her appearances, which practically served as good practice for the competition.
Ibe is a volunteer of Gawad Kalinga and hopes to be able to continue this mission of building shelters for the homeless through her reign, and if she is fortunate to with the international crown.
Admitting she has big shoes to fill after Colis and Manalo, Ibe related, “Their advice is just for me to be myself and enjoy the contest. I studied what I can about Albania—their culture and heritage— and it has given me ideas on how I can best merge them with the culture of the Philippines,” she told The Manila Times.
Social media's girl
Maria Angelica or Mariel de Leon's strong presence on social media may have attracted followers as well as bashers, but the daughter of actors Christopher de Leon and Sandy Andolong asserts the importance of online communication channels all the same.
“I love social media, especially Instagram. We're here because we have a platform,” she began explaining her stance. “People should not be afraid [of voicing their opinions on issues]but they also need to be aware that they are not the same as everyone else, so expect both agreements and disagreements with what you post.”
Although she said during the Binibining Pilipinas pageant that she is veering away from acting, intending to focus her singing, the pretty showbiz royalty said it was “crazy” to pass up the opportunity to play leading lady to Coco Martin in the remake of “Ang Panday” — one of the signature franchises of the late movie king Fernando Poe Jr.— for the Metro Manila Film Festival.
“Who would not want to become the leading lady of Coco Martin? He asked me and it's crazy to decline the offer because it's a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity,” she told The Manila Times.
De Leon was quick to clarify that her preparations for the Miss International pageant in Japan in November have not been affected by shooting the movie.
“My shooting schedule is only on weekends. It's not even thrice-a-week schedule, just once or twice, so my training and preparations for the pageant went on as planned,” she said.
She further said she will definitely get back to her music after the pageant—that is if she misses out on a back-to-back win with reigning Miss International Kylie Verzosa.
De Leon leaves on October 25, and hopes to become the seventh Filipina Miss International on November 14. If she wins the crown, she will join the elite circle of Miss International winners, namely, Gemma Cruz in 1964, Aurora Pijuan in 1970, Mimilanie Marquez in 1979, Precious Lara Quigaman in 2005, Bea Rose Santiago in 2013 and Verzosa in 2016. Moreover, if de Leon wins the crown, she will effectively tie the Philippines with Venezuela who currently has seven winners.
Pageant-ready
Clenci considers the queens' Dale Carnegie training as the most important part of their training. She describes it as “life-changing.”
“The training has molded me into an incredible human being. For me, its [effect]is beyond the pageant,” she said.
On the part of Ibe and de Leon, they said their training on hair and make-up has been most enjoyable and unforgettable, and will surely be helpful from their pre-pageant activities all the way to their respective pageants.
Meanwhile, the trio of beauties agrees that the crown and their titles did not change them in any way. The only advantage they have now is that when they talk about their advocacies or their passionate stand on issues, people listen.
“I think people should break down the stereotype of beauty queens that we're just here to be beautiful, wave to the crowd, and things like that. We're here to make a stand and inspire and influence people by using our voices because we have this pedestal from where we can reach out to a bigger audience,” de Leon said.
2017 Binibining Pilipinas Supranational Chanel Olive Thomas who is half-Australian was present at the sendoff although her contest in Poland is still scheduled on December 1. Reigning Binibining Pilipinas Intercontinental Katarina Rodriguez and Miss Universe Philippines 2017 Rachel Peters were unable to make it to the event.
“Normally, the candidate to the Miss Universe pageant is given a solo send-off,” explained a staffer of BPCI to The Manila Times. The staffer further said that since the unfortunate shooting incident in Las Vegas on Sunday (Monday in Manila) there has been no announcement from Miss Universe Organization if the coronation night will take place there as planned on November 26.
Video: Community members share with Sen. Patty Murray their experiences fighting opioid crisis Tacoma Pierce Community Health Department methadone treatment client Taylor Berger shares with Sen. Patty Murray (D-WA) her experience with opioid addiction in a roundtable meeting discussing Murray's legislation fighting the opioid crisis. Allison Needles ×
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK Tacoma Pierce Community Health Department methadone treatment client Taylor Berger shares with Sen. Patty Murray (D-WA) her experience with opioid addiction in a roundtable meeting discussing Murray's legislation fighting the opioid crisis. Allison Needles
PARIS, April 10 Global agricultural trader Louis Dreyfus Company has nominated Andreas Jacobs, the former chairman of chocolate maker Barry Callebaut, to join its supervisory board.
The appointment, mentioned by Louis Dreyfus in an investor presentation posted on its website, is subject to approval at a shareholder meeting on Wednesday and is effective the following day.
Jacobs, who stepped down from the Barry Callebaut board at the end of last year after more than a decade, becomes the sixth member of a Louis Dreyfus board headed by majority shareholder Margarita Louis-Dreyfus.
The commodity firm, one of the world's largest traders of crops such as wheat, sugar and cotton, had reduced the size of its board last year when Serge Schoen, a former group chief executive, and Steven Wisch of investment firm El Dorado Partners left without being replaced.
Louis Dreyfus is trying to recover from a period of falling margins in agricultural trading that has seen its core profits fall in the past two years.
Under Chief Executive Gonzalo Ramirez Martiarena, appointed in 2015, it has set out plans to bring in outside investors for non-core activities such as fertiliser and metals.
Andreas Jacobs is a director of his family's investment firm Jacobs Holding AG, which is the majority shareholder of Barry Callebaut. (Reporting by Gus Trompiz; editing by Susan Thomas)
var _ndnq = _ndnq || []; _ndnq.push(['embed']);
SALT LAKE CITY (AP) — A Utah woman has been arrested after she was identified as the pajama-wearing robber in at least six bank robberies in the Salt Lake City area, including five in less than two hours on Saturday morning, police said Monday.
Nannette Louise Perkins, 40, was arrested Sunday afternoon at home in suburban Taylorsville home after Salt Lake City police received a tip about her identity, Unified police Lt. Brian Lohrke said.
According to police, the robber did little to hide her appearance during robberies Friday and Saturday morning at banks in Salt Lake City, Holladay, West Valley City, Cottonwood Heights and Sandy.
She was seen on bank surveillance camera images and described as wearing pajama bottoms, black prescription eyeglasses, a dark shirt and a blue bandanna over dark hair in a ponytail or bun.
Lohrke said the robber passed notes to tellers, never showed a weapon and got cash in five of the six banks. She left one empty-handed.
The police spokesman said he did not know what Perkins was wearing when she was arrested.
She was being held at the Salt Lake County jail pending an initial court appearance on felony charges.
Image caption Six people were killed when the bomb exploded in Coleraine in 1973
Causeway Coast and Glens Council has agreed to begin consultations on a memorial to victims of a bomb attack in Coleraine that killed six people.
A last minute attempt by Sinn Féin to amend the DUP motion's wording was rejected.
Sinn Féin councillors abstained in the vote.
Earlier, a Sinn Féin councillor jailed for his part in the bomb attack said he would not oppose plans for a memorial to the victims.
Sean McGlinchey spent 18 years in prison for the 1973 bombing.
The six civilians who died in the Provisional IRA bombing on 12 June 1973 were all older than 60 and were all Protestant.
Image copyright Other Image caption Sinn Féin councillor Sean McGlinchey served 18 years for his role in the attack
A further 33 people were injured in the attack in which two car bombs exploded in the town.
All of those injured or killed were caught up in the first explosion, which went off on Railway Road at 15:00 BST.
Mr McGlinchey said he had no problem with a memorial in Coleraine but his party would be tabling an amendment that all victims of the Troubles be remembered.
The DUP motion proposed erecting a memorial to the victims and marking the 45th anniversary of the bombing with a memorial event in the County Londonderry town.
It was brought forward by councillors Alan McLean and Trevor Clarke.
Councillor Clarke said the Sinn Féin amendment hoped to remove the word "atrocity" and references to "Provisional IRA".
Sinn Féin councillor Kieran Mulholland said he proposed an amendment "that would have provided for a memorial to the victims of the Coleraine bombing in an inclusive way that recognised the pain and suffering of all victims".
Permanent TSB has agreed to allow some of its distressed mortgage holders stay in their homes under a mortgage to rent scheme offered by an organisation called Home for Life.
This follows a similar scheme with two David Hall organisations, the Irish Mortgage Holders Association (IMHO) and iCare, which will ultimately allow customers defaulting on their mortgage stay in their homes as long-term tenants.
Home for Life, authorised by the Minister for Housing, Planning and Local Government, is initially targeting up to 500 households equating to a fund of approximately €100 million.
The voluntary, confidential scheme is available to distressed mortgage holders eligible for social housing and currently residing in a home where they wish to continue living but are unable and unlikely to pay their mortgage.
The Home for Life scheme enables a property to be sold to the group then leased back to the State through the local authority which sublets the home to the original homeowner. the leases are for 25 years in duration. Rents are set at 95 per cent of market rents.
“The appointment of Home For Life is a significant step towards a scaling of mortgage to rent to meet the needs of more borrowers in mortgage distress. It offers the flexibility of private funding with the trust and assurance that comes from having a local authority as landlord,” said Damien English, Minister of State with special responsibility for Housing and Urban Development.
Paul Cunningham, the organisation's chief executive, said it has been engaging with “key stakeholders” in the Irish banking and social housing sector for over two years.
“Working with our financial advisers we have developed a scalable, private funding model capable of meeting market demand for mortgage to rent with no impact for the State's balance sheet,” he added.
Initial funding from the scheme has come from the principals involved, including Charles O'Reilly Hyland and Paul Cunningham. When assets are purchased it is expected that additional funds will be raised.
The company was advised by Davy Corporate Finance and it is understood they have been in discussion with parties for funding hereafter.
PARIS (AP) " The International Energy Agency says OPEC's plan to cut production and support prices are likely to be undone by increased output in non-OPEC countries like the U.S.
If correct, that could keep a lid on oil prices as a glut of supply grows despite the efforts of countries in the OPEC cartel and allies like Russia to limit production.
The IEA said in its monthly oil report Wednesday it expects non-OPEC production to grow 700,000 barrels daily this year and 1.5 million barrels next year, "which is slightly more than the expected increase in global demand."
It said it "makes sobering reading for those producers looking to restrain supply."
Advertisement
The U.S. benchmark for crude fell 51 cents to $45.94 a barrel on Wednesday.
The Ulster Farmers' Union has confirmed that the family of its president has an RHI boiler.
The development brings to four the number of current or former UFU presidents who are receiving money for RHI installations.
The influential UFU, which has already admitted to having lobbied to keep the scheme open by means of a ‘grace period' before the massive autumn 2015 spike in applications, said that the family of current president Barclay Bell has “a single RHI boiler”.
The union said that Mr Bell used the boiler – which is believed to be on his family farm – “on farm woodland and to dry grain”.
There is no suggestion that Mr Bell, who is understood to have had several environmental schemes on his farm prior to installing the RHI boiler, has in any way been among those abusing the scheme.
The UFU set out Mr Bell's link to the RHI scheme on Monday after The Irish News revealed that his predecessor, Harry Sinclair, is also claiming under the scheme.
Mr Sinclair told the newspaper that he considered Andrew Crawford, Arlene Foster's former special adviser, to be a friend but stressed that they are not in regular contact and have never discussed RHI.
The prominent farmer declined to give details of how many boilers he operates at his Draperstown farm but The Irish News reported that they are used to dry woodchip for sale to other boiler users in a business called Glenvilla Ultimate Dryers, which was incorporated in June 2015.
He joined the RHI scheme in October 2015, in what is now known to have been the height of the ‘spike' in RHI applications, but said that he had taken time to consider the scheme, adding that “it wasn't a ‘jump in' sort of thing”. It had already emerged that Ian Marshall had applied for three boilers in 2015, while he was UFU president.
And another prominent former UFU president, the keen environmentalist and one-time politicical candidate John Gilliland, had voluntarily gone public several weeks ago to state that he has three RHI boilers on his Londonderry farm.
The UFU issued a strong statement denouncing what it said were “attempts by the media to link progressive, well-known farmers and the union to the RHI scandal”.
The union said that the focus should instead be on “the key issue of how such a poorly designed scheme was put in place, and why controls were inadequate”.
The UFU said that it had “already admitted” that it had pressed for a “grace period to allow those with investment plans and capital commitments in place to enter the RHI scheme” to enter ahead of the spike in applications.
UFU chief executive Wesley Aston said it was no surprise that those involved with the UFU should be part of the RHI: “These are, by definition, progressive farmers who have always taken up new ideas.
“They were encouraged by those buying what they produce and by government to embrace this scheme,” said Mr Aston, adding that some farmers did so to “meet the pressures exerted on them by those to whom they sell their end product”.
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
Former Nasdaq chief Greifeld to take over as Virtu chairman
NEW YORK, June 14 Former Nasdaq Inc Chief Executive Robert Greifeld will become chairman of trading firm Virtu Financial Inc's board after the company completes its $1.4 billion takeover of rival KCG Holdings Inc .
More than half the cells in your body are not human according to researchers.
More than half the cells in your body are not human according to researchers. iStock
NEARLY 60 per cent of cells in the body are not actually human, according to scientists.
Human cells make up just 43 per cent of our total cell count, while the rest are microscopic tenants that are essential for our wellbeing.
The hidden half of our body is called our microbiome, and experts studying it could unlock new ways of tackling diseases, from allergy to Parkinson's.
Microscopic creatures, including bacteria, viruses, fungi and archaea, cover your entire body.
"They are essential to your health,” says Prof Ruth Ley, of the Max Planck Institute, "your body isn't just you”.
The highest concentration of this microscopic life lives in our oxygen-deprived bowels.
Prof Rob Knight, from University of California San Diego, told the BBC: "You're more microbe than you are human.”
At first, boffs thought our cells were outnumbered 10 to one, but the prof said: "That's been refined much closer to one-to-one, so the current estimate is you're about 43% human if you're counting up all the cells”.
Scientists are rapidly uncovering the role microbial material plays in digestion, regulating the immune system, protecting against disease and manufacturing vital vitamins.
Prof Knight said: "We're finding ways that these tiny creatures totally transform our health in ways we never imagined until recently.”
This article originally appeared on The Sun and has been republished with permission.
by
Enjoy singing songs of the season? Do you love Christmas Carols? Come join your neighbors in a community sing-along, sponsored by the Chester Valley Ministers Association, at 3 p.m. next Sunday, Dec. 17, in Fountain Park in Chestertown. In the event of inclement weather, the sing-along will take place in Christ Methodist Church, 401 High St. Songs will include traditional Christmas carols along with other seasonal and holiday songs.
Individuals or groups — all are welcome! Musical groups that would like to perform and choirs to help lead the singing are invited. Song books will be provided. Phil Dutton will provide keyboard accompaniment, and the choir of Emmanuel Episcopal Church will be leading some of the singing.
Donations are welcome; all proceeds after expenses will benefit the CVMA Good Neighbor Fund, a volunteer organization that provides emergency funds for shelter when other help is unavailable, and provides funds for utilities, rent and medical supplies for qualifying community members in critical need. The Good Neighbor Fund is always in need of volunteers willing to commit to two hours a month in Chestertown.
The Chester Valley Ministers' Association is a group of local ministers and lay people whose mission is to promote, sponsor and support a range of initiatives that help the needy in Kent and Northern Queen Anne's counties.
###
BERLIN Otto, Germany's second-biggest e-commerce company after Amazon (AMZN.O), reported comparable sales rose 5 percent in its 2016/17 fiscal year, driven by online furniture and fashion and strong growth at its Hermes logistics arm in Britain.
Headline sales rose 3.4 percent to 12.5 billion euros ($13.6 billion) in 2016/17, but increased by 5 percent on a comparable basis after stripping out the impact of disposals, including French e-commerce firm 3SI.
Many big furniture chains were slow to embrace e-commerce, put off by the cost of delivering bulky goods and concerned whether shoppers would be prepared to make expensive purchases without seeing them in person.
But online furniture sales are now growing quickly, prompting Swedish budget retailer IKEA to invest in online shopping and experiment with pick-up points and smaller shops.
The Otto Group, a family-owned mail order firm founded in 1949 which shifted into e-commerce and now runs more than 100 webshops worldwide, said in a statement on Tuesday its online sales rose 10 percent to 7 billion euros in the fiscal year to Feb. 29.
Otto's logistics business Hermes, which competes with players like Deutsche Post (DPWGn.DE) and Royal Mail (RMG.L), saw turnover rise 5 percent to 1.57 billion euros, but increase by more than 11 percent taking into account the impact of a weaker sterling after Britain voted to leave the European Union.
Otto's biggest business, the OTTO site in Germany, saw sales rise 6 percent to 2.72 billion euros, helped by sales of furniture. Otto's U.S. home furnishings site Crate and Barrel saw sales rise 10.7 percent to 1.48 billion after it overhauled ranges under new management.
($1 = 0.9211 euros)
(Reporting by Emma Thomasson; Editing by Maria Sheahan and Mark Potter)
April 3 Polski Holding Nieruchomosci SA:
* The company announces 2017-2023 strategy
* Plans to increase net asset value by 50 percent of which up to about 40 percent to be paid as dividend
* Intends to increase until 2023 value of the property portfolio by 140 percent to 6.0 billion zlotys ($1.51 billion)
* Plans to allocate 0.7 billion zlotys for purchase of commercial spaces Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 3.9858 zlotys) (Gdynia Newsroom)
BOSASSO, Somalia Pirates have hijacked an Indian commercial vessel off the coast of Somalia, the second attack in weeks after years without such seizures, industry and security sources said on Monday.
United Kingdom Maritime Trade Operations (UKMTO), which coordinates shipping in the Gulf of Aden area, said it had received information that a dhow had been hijacked "in the vicinity of Socotra (Island)".
It named the vessel as Al Kausar and said it had been en route from Dubai to the port of Bosasso in northern Somalia's semi-autonomous Puntland region.
The EU naval force which patrols off Somalia's coast as part of an international anti-piracy operation said on Monday afternoon the dhow had been spotted further south, off the Somali port of Hobyo.
"An EU Naval Force maritime patrol aircraft has confirmed the exact location of the dhow and has attempted to establish radio communications but without success," it said in a statement on its website.
"Investigations and operations are ongoing."
Burhan Warsame, Galmudug region's minister for ports and sea transport, said the authorities there would not allow the ship to dock in Hobyo, which falls under its jurisdiction.
"We assure you pirates cannot bring it here. We have strong Galmudug forces at Hobyo," he told Reuters.
Somali pirates hijacked an oil tanker last month, the first such seizure of a vessel since 2012, but released it after a clash with the marine force in Puntland.
Muse Osman Yusuf, district commissioner in the Puntland port of Eyl, said on Monday authorities were ready to confront whoever had seized the Indian dhow.
"We shall not allow it. Puntland maritime police forces have a base here and we shall fight the pirates in case they come," he told Reuters.
An Indian government official said the 11 crew were all Indian and that officials were in touch with the Somali government.
SECURITY MEASURES
"This confirms that the pirates still have the ability to go to sea and take vessels, and the international shipping industry needs to take additional precautions," John Steed of the aid group Oceans Beyond Piracy told Reuters.
In 2011, pirates launched 237 attacks off the coast of Somalia, according to the International Maritime Bureau, and took hundreds of hostages.
Shipping companies responded with security measures such as armed guards, blocking easy entry points to vessels with barbed wire and installing secure panic rooms.
In a separate incident, UKMTO said on its website that early on Monday six skiffs had approached a vessel in the southern Red Sea and that ladders and hooks were sighted.
Armed guards on board the vessel took up positions and the skiffs departed, leaving the vessel unharmed, UKTMO said.
Somalis have been angered by a recent influx of foreign fishermen into their waters, some of whom have been given licences to operate there by the Somali government.
Experts said shipowners were becoming lax after a long period of calm, and that some were using a route known as the Socotra Gap, between Somalia and Socotra Island, regardless of the piracy risks, to save time and cost.
(Additional reporting by Katharine Houreld and George Obulutsa in Nairobi, Jonathan Saul in London and Tommy Wilkes and Nidhi Verma in New Delhi; Writing by Elias Biryabarema; Editing by Hugh Lawson)
MIAMI - Thousands are expected to gather Wednesday in Miami's Bayfront Front to watch the biggest free fireworks show in all of South Florida -- and take in a little food as well.
Organizers said 45,000 to 60,000 people are expected to pack Bayfront Park for a 15-minute fireworks display that is expected to begin around 9 p.m.
Police plan to shut down Biscayne Boulevard between Brickell Avenue and Northeast Seventh Street around 8:30 p.m. to allow spectators to safely cross the street.
With so many people in one place, security will be tight. Officers from the Miami Police Department have blocked off all the entrances to the park, using their cruisers. And coolers and water bottles are not permitted inside the park.
In Fort Lauderdale, organizers will put on 24-minute free fireworks display, starting at 9 p.m. at A1A and Los Olas Boulevard.
There will be a visibly high police presence with firefighters and officers on land and patrolling the water. More paramedics and lifeguards will also be on hand.
Sources tell Local 10 even the traffic cameras and other surveillance monitoring techniques have been deployed to make sure nothing and no one suspicious puts a kink in the red, white and blue celebration.
Firefighters encourage folks to stay hydrated and drink responsibly. They're also driving home the message: Leave the fireworks to the professionals.
“Throughout the city of Fort Lauderdale and other municipalities, there are plenty fireworks going on, so you don't need to do the private stuff at home,” said Eric Peasant with Fort Lauderdale Fire Rescue. “These things are dangerous. Every year we have incidents resulting from fireworks so be very careful with it.”
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
Akamai Technologies Inc, which helps speed up content delivery over the internet (OTT), forecast current-quarter revenue and profit below Wall Street estimates, sending its shares down about 11 percent in after-hours trading on Tuesday.
Revenue in Akamai's media delivery solutions business, which helps customers deliver web content including videos, fell 9 percent to $187.4 million in the first quarter ended March 31.
Akamai, which has more than 200,000 servers in over 1,600 networks in 131 countries, is seeing incremental revenue loss as many of its media customers develop in-house capabilities to handle video traffic.
With media, it is always hard to predict how quickly OTT services will be adopted and how fast traffic will grow in the future, Chief Executive Tom Leighton told Reuters.
"This revenue growth rate was lower than the past several quarters and below our expectations, driven by a moderation of traffic growth throughout the quarter in our Americas region and within our gaming vertical, most notably," Chief Financial Officer Jim Benson said on a call with analysts.
Revenue in the company's performance and security division, which offers cloud security products and helps businesses provide internet content at greater speed, rose about nearly 17 percent to $369.2 million in the first quarter.
Revenue from Akamai's cloud security business, which protects websites and other internet applications from hackers, rose 36 percent in the quarter.
Akamai forecast second-quarter revenue of $597 million-$609 million and adjusted earnings of 59 cents-61 cents per share.
Analysts on average were expecting earnings of 65 cents per share and revenue of $623 million, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Net income rose to $80.9 million, or 46 cents per share, from $74.9 million, or 42 cents per share.
Akamai, however, reported better-than-expected revenue and profit in the first quarter.
Excluding items, the company earned 69 cents per share, beating analysts' average estimate of 67 cents.
Revenue rose 7.3 percent to $609.2 million, analysts' on average were expecting $604.7 million.
Akamai's shares were down 11.2 percent at $55.20 in extended trading on Tuesday.
(Reporting by Aishwarya Venugopal in Bengaluru; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila and Martina D'Couto)
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced his retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
Nearly 155 miles in of pothole-riddled roads in Northamptonshire are in urgent need of repair, according to new research.
The figures compiled by the BBC Shared Data Unit come as insurance claims over potholes have risen by 34 per cent over the past two years.
Potholes in Military Road, Northampton.
Analysis of Government figures has found that just 9.3 miles of the county's A -roads, or three per cent, are in a poor condition.
But of the smaller B and C roads - 145 miles of minor highways are deemed to be in a state of disrepair.
The figures show the percentage of roads in need of repair has actually improved marginally over the past eight years.
In 2009/10 four per cent of A-roads were in a poor condition and seven per cent of B and C roads were badly damaged, compared to three and six per cent now
But figures released by the garage chain Kwik Fit today has found road users claimed £915 million for pothole damage to their cars in 2016/17, a 34 per cent increase on the figure of £684 million two years ago.
Experts also claim to be seeing a spike in pothole complaints after the recent harsh winter.
RAC spokesman Simon Williams said: “Before the cold snap the condition of many local roads was on a knife edge with many councils struggling to fix our roads properly. But now, as a result of the ‘Beast from the East' some local roads will have deteriorated even further, possibly to the point that they represent a serious risk to the safety of users.
“Local roads across Britain are suffering from years of underinvestment, which is why the RAC believes the Government, as a matter of urgency, needs to look at the issue from a long-term point of view. This means identifying a funding strategy to address both prevention and cure, and give local authorities certainty of funding so they are able to plan ahead."
Mike King, Head of Claims Service at UK-wide insurance company Admiral, said: “We do see an increase in the number of car insurance claims relating to poor road conditions after a period of exceptionally cold weather when the highways often become damaged but this drops off again during the summer months.”
The Government says it is providing local authorities with £296 million through the “pothole action fund” to fix just under 6 million potholes.
This includes an additional £46 million, as announced in December 2017, to help them repair bumpy stretches that may have formed over the winter.
Northamptonshire has received £3.2 million of that total so far.
But, the authority says that in order to bring all of the county's roads up to a “good standard” it would have to spend at least £100m.
A spokesman for Northamptonshire County Council said: “This has been one of the most severe winters in recent years with three major snow events and about 100 gritting runs carried out so far.
“Like elsewhere in the country this has had a heavy impact on our roads.
“As the responsible highways authority for Northamptonshire we are continuing to work to our policy, which determines the safety intervention levels.
“If a defect meets our intervention criteria then we are still undertaking repairs within timescales set out in our policy.
“However to bring the roads up to what would be a good standard would cost at least £100m.”
A fortnight ago we launched a campaign to highlight the roads with the worst damage across our county
Send us a photo or video of a pothole that is causing you the greatest concern.
You can do that by e-mail, by post, or on our social media pages. At the same time include a few details of where it is. Please copy this information to the council. Make sure that when you are taking a photo you do so safely and do not put yourself at risk from traffic.
Our email address is editor@northantsnews.co.uk and our Facebook page can be viewed here
Women Guinness Record holders who look so unreal – See Pics
Every woman is incredibly unique, but there are women who managed to set world records, do something extraordinary, and even shock people.
Most Tattoed Woman Ever
Charlotte was first recognized as the world's “most tattooed senior citizen (female)” in 2015, with 91.5 percent of her body inked, Florida resident Charlotte Guttenberg, 69, continued to add to her body art.
She now has 98.75 percent of her body covered, adding to her accomplishments the records for “most tattooed woman ever” and “most tattooed woman living.” Guttenberg got her first tattoo at 50, according to Guinness World Records. Charlotte was featured along with her partner, Chuck Helmke, who holds the record for “most tattooed senior citizen (male),” in the Guinness World Records 2017 and 2018 editions.
World's The Shortest Living Female
Amge from Nagpur, India is 6.2 cm shorter than 22-year old American Bridgette Jordan who stands at 69cm (2 ft 3 in) and had held the Shortest woman title since September 2011. According to Guinness World Records On Jyoti's 18 the birthday, Guinness World Records traveled from London to her hometown of Nagpur to complete the official measurements required to verify the Shortest living woman title. In accordance with Guinness World Records guidelines, Jyoti was measured three times in 24 hours by a medical professional and her height confirmed to be 62.8 cm tall (2 ft 06 in).
Jyoti has been a Guinness World Records titleholder since September 2009 when she was named the world's Shortest teenager measuring just 61.95 cm (2 ft). Since then Jyoti has grown just 0.85 cm and due to a form of dwarfism called achondroplasia, she will not grow any further.
World's Longest Tongue (Female)
Chanel Tapper, the resident of California, USA, has the world's longest tongue, measuring 9.75 cm (3.8 in), from tip to top lip.
Chanel first realized that her tongue was longer than average when she was eight and she and her mom were taking pictures for Halloween. She said “In one of the pictures we stuck our tongues out. I noticed I had a long tongue when the pictures from Halloween were printed and I saw it…but I guess it became apparent in middle school when people started commenting on it.” According to Guinness World Records, Her lizard-like tongue is twice as long as the average, as long as the world's largest cockroach, as wide as your palm.
Oldest Woman gymnast
The 92-year-old retired woman from Germany, Johanna Quaas, is in The Guinness Book of Records as the oldest female gymnast. At her age, she doesn't just do the program on the mat but she also performs very difficult elements on parallel bars. In recent, Johanna set a new record when she performed on bars in a tournament in Berlin. She amazed the viewers. So, age is never a limit.
World's The Strongest Woman
Powerlifter Aneta Florczyk from Poland is the World's Strongest Woman in 2003, 2005, 2006, and 2008 and holds the most number of wins for a woman in the said competition according to Guinness Book of World Records. She started training in 2002 and joined many strongwoman contests before she became Europe's Strongest Woman in 2004. She can lift 1,100 lb(498.9516 kg) Her record is 12 lifted and thrown adult men within 2 minutes. You definitely wouldn't want to cross a woman like her.
April 10CSP International Fashion Group SpA :
* Said on Saturday it signed preliminary agreement for the purchase of 100 pct in a new company (Newco) containing a business branch of Perofil SpA
* The planned investment for the transaction is estimated to range from 9 million euros ($9.53 million) to 10 million euros
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9441 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
* Q1 export orders +12.6 pct y/y, March +12.3 pct (f'cast +10 pct)
* Strong order growth continues from China, U.S.
* Orders for major electronics components grow by double digits
* Central bank expected to leave rates steady - analyst (Adds analyst comments)
By Faith Hung and Liang-Sa Loh
TAIPEI, April 20 Taiwan's export orders rose for the eighth straight month in March and at a faster pace than expected as global demand remained strong for components of Apple Inc's new iPhone and other tech gadgets.
The continued expansion bodes well for the island's trade-driven economy and revenues for many companies in the global electronics supply chain, though Asia's export outlook remains clouded by worries about a rise in U.S. protectionism.
Taiwan's export orders in March rose 12.3 percent from a year earlier, above the 10 percent forecast in a Reuters poll but slowing from a 22 percent pace the prior month.
In the first quarter, orders rose 12.6 percent from the same period last year, government data showed on Thursday.
"Although the first half of the year is the time when outgoing and incoming models of high-end handheld devices overlap, the Internet of things, automotive electronics, and cloud computing and other emerging technologies accelerate the development," the ministry of economic affairs said.
"Orders for traditional goods (also) remain solid, benefiting from global economic recovery and raw materials prices rebounding" from recent lows, it said.
Taiwan's orders are a leading indicator of actual shipments two to three months ahead and a gauge of demand for Asia's high-tech gadgets.
"The appreciation of the Taiwan dollar has taken a bite out of Taiwan's economic recovery momentum in the first half of this year, but it still looks good," said analyst Forest Chen of Yuanta Securities Investment Consulting, Taipei.
"We expect the central bank to leave interest rates steady in the second and third quarters because a rate hike would push the Taiwan dollar higher."
Mainland China, South Korea and Japan have also reported strong export data in recent months, with gains in electronics.
Orders for technology components, including those used in electronic, information and telecommunications goods, all showed double-digit growth, the ministry said.
"Consumer confidence has risen in recent months in much of the developed world. This bodes well for household spending and global growth prospects," Capital Economics said in a research note.
"BUSINESS REMAINS EXCEPTIONAL"
In particular, growing demand for semiconductors, camera lenses and bigger display panels for smartphones, cars and home devices has been fueling capital investment in new manufacturing technology, propelling a rally over the past year in stock prices of chipmakers and companies that make equipment for them.
Shares of Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co, the world's largest contract chipmaker and a major supplier to Apple, rose more than 7 percent at one point this year before pulling back this month.
TSMC said on Thursday it had ordered machinery equipment worth T$354 million ($11.64 million) from Genesis Technology Inc .
U.S.-listed Shares of semiconductor equipment suppliers surged on Wednesday after quarterly earnings reports from Lam Research and ASML Holding suggested the recent wave of spending by chipmakers was far from over.
"Business remains exceptional," Morgan Stanley analyst Joseph Moore wrote following Lam Research's report. "We could see upward revisions to spending throughout the year, and we expect memory (chips) to remain strong."
Apple is widely expected to launch its iPhone 8 later this year, leading a strong pipeline of new product launches.
Export orders from Taiwan's biggest customers around the world remained generally solid in March, though the pace of growth slowed from February.
Orders from China, Taiwan's top market, were up 19.9 percent in March, slowing from 40.5 percent growth from the previous month.
From the United States, orders climbed 15.4 percent versus 21.1 percent growth in February.
Orders from Europe rose 3.8 percent from 12.9 percent in the previous month. (Additional reporting by Jeanny Kao; Editing by Kim Coghill)
NEW YORK (AP) — The arrest of a Bangladeshi immigrant accused of making a homemade pipe bomb and setting it off in the New York subway system has led to discussion of the nation's immigration system, with President Donald Trump repeating his refrain that it needs to be overhauled in favor of more restrictions.
What you should know:
___
THE BOMBING SUSPECT
Advertisement
Authorities have identified the bombing suspect as 27-year-old Akayed Ullah. Originally from Bangladesh, he arrived in the United States in 2011 and was living in Brooklyn. The Department of Homeland Security says he's a lawful permanent resident of the U.S.
___
HOW HE GOT HERE:
Ullah came to the U.S. on an F43 visa, issued to him through his family connection to an American citizen. The American immigration system allows citizens to apply for certain relatives — spouses, children, parents, siblings and their spouses and minor children — to be allowed to come and live in the U.S. The visas fall under different preferences, or categories; siblings of U.S. citizens come in the fourth preference, the F4, and their children come under F43s.
___
WHAT'S THE HISTORY?
Since a law change in 1965 loosened what had been a very restrictive system, America's immigration policy has been based around giving preference to people with advanced education or skills or those with family ties to U.S. citizens. What that has meant is that as immigrants from places like Asia and Latin America started coming to the U.S. in larger numbers and became citizens, they applied for their family members to join them. Once naturalized, those brought in were able to then sponsor their own relatives.
___
WHAT'S THE CONCERN?
Those who favor restrictions on immigration are in strong opposition to that kind of linked migration. It's an issue that's been brought up in proposed immigration reform legislation before. U.S. Sen. Tom Cotton, of Arkansas, and U.S. Sen. David Perdue, of Georgia, both Republicans, have most recently proposed the RAISE Act, which would limit the number of permanent-resident visas and do away with the ability of citizens to bring over relatives other than spouses and minor children. Immigrant advocates have called the bill an attack on immigrants.
___
WHAT TRUMP SAYS
Trump has made who's allowed into the United States a centerpiece of his presidency, in the form of banning residents from certain countries from traveling to the U.S., calling for the construction of a wall along the Mexican border and limiting the number of refugees allowed in.
After Monday morning's subway explosion, which seriously injured Ullah but no one else, Trump issued a statement saying, "America must fix its lax immigration system, which allows far too many dangerous, inadequately vetted people to access our country. Today's terror suspect entered our country through extended-family chain migration, which is incompatible with national security."
Trump, a Republican, has voiced his support of the RAISE Act.
___
Deepti Hajela covers issues of race, ethnicity and immigration for The Associated Press. Follow her on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/dhajela. For more of her work, search for her name at https://apnews.com
FILE PHOTO: Photographers take pictures of Argentina's President Mauricio Macri during the opening of a new legislative session in Buenos Aires, Argentina March 1, 2017. REUTERS/Martin Acosta
WASHINGTON Argentina's president Mauricio Macri will visit Washington on April 27 and will discuss with President Donald Trump the situation in Venezuela and other issues, the White House said on Wednesday.
"The two leaders will exchange views on a range of bilateral and regional issues, including the expansion of trade, security sector collaboration, and the deteriorating situation in Venezuela," The White House said in a statement.
(Reporting by Washington Newsroom; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
- The Palace Downtown, a perfect setting to showcase top fashion and jewelry designers from Pakistan and India -
Ramadan collection at Boulevard One
End
-- Boulevard One, the city's distinctive event organisers, announce the launch of Ramadan Trunk Show 2017 edition with a presentation of seasonal collection by top fashion and jewelry designers from Pakistan and India. Set in the beautiful and opulent Royal Ballroom of The Palace Hotel, Downtown Dubai, this pre-Ramadan exhibition will take place on 19and 20May 2017. The exhibition is open to the city's jetsetters, fashionistas and style mongers all in search of the best in styles and trends. A perfect destination for pre-Ramadan shopping, the two-day will open doors for an ultimate shopping experience, to present gorgeous collection of kaftans, cholis, handmade jewelry, bejeweled sandals and accessories.Expect a collection of top designers curated to showcase the best in Ramadan and Eid as Boulevard One unveils yet another grand luxury shopping experience. Designers include Ayesha Somaya; Mina Hasan; Ali Xeeshan; Ayesha Farooq –AFH; Farah Talib Aziz; Wardah Saleem; Ayesha Khurram; Zara Shahjahan; Jaipur & Co; Saira Rizwan; Agha Noor; Saffuse; Opluline Jewlery; Chapter 13; Nadiya Kassam; Maria Khan; Jade; Fatima Ashar are expected at this sold out exhibition."True luxury is in the detail; this is an integrity that forms a fabric of Boulevard One ethics. We curate every event and associated brands to match our principle thus deliver excellence over and over again. The Ramadan Trunk Show brings a list of designers exclusively handpicked to compliment seasonal styles. We understand Ramadan fashion differs from other seasons therefore great deal of thought is injected in compiling, planning and delivering distinctive collection to match the city's fashion conscious shoppers" said Sadaf M. Khan, Co-Founder, Boulevard One.Obsessed to present creative collection from designers to fashionistas, Boulevard One aspires to enhance the city's shopping experience, bridge interaction between designers and visitors and create an exceptional event. This high-end amalgamation of beautiful, elegant and stunning styles epitomizes what everyone can expect at the exhibition and what Boulevard One has become synonymous with. Visit the much-anticipated Ramadan Trunk Show at the luxurious venue matched only by this year's selection of designers. Fashion meets style, come indulge in a shopping spree unlike any other and be Ramadan style ready.Ramadan Trunk Show19– 20May 2017The Royal Ballroom, The Palace Hotel Downtown, Dubai19May 2017 – Friday (2pm – 10pm)20May 2017 – Saturday (10:00pm – 7pm)Ayesha Somaya; Mina Hasan; Ali Xeeshan; Ayesha Farooq –AFH; Farah Talib Aziz; Wardah Saleem; Ayesha Khurram; Zara Shahjahan; Jaipur & Co; Saira Rizwan; Agha Noor; Saffuse; Opluline Jewlery; Chapter 13; Nadiya Kassam; Maria Khan; Jade; Fatima Ashar
By Krishna V Kurup April 13 Southeast Asian markets ended in negative territory on Thursday, with Singapore leading the pack as the city-state's central bank cautioned about the global economic growth, signalling a reluctance to tighten policy anytime soon. The Monetary Authority of Singapore held policy steady, saying a "neutral" stance will be needed for an extended period in order to support an economy that contracted in the first quarter. Singapore's trade-reliant economy shrank 1.9 percent in the first quarter from the previous three months on an annualised basis, weighed by contractions in manufacturing and services, preliminary data from the Ministry of Trade and Industry showed. The central bank also said "downside risks remain, alongside significant policy uncertainty," underscoring worries about the outlook in the face of U.S. President Donald Trump's protectionist threats, Brexit and geopolitical risks in the Middle East and North Korea. Singapore's benchmark index ended down to post its lowest close in over two weeks. Financials accounted for most of the losses, with DBS Group Holdings shedding 0.8 percent. Global markets remained under pressure with escalating fears of a new weapon test by North Korea, as a U.S. carrier group sails towards the area, and after Trump said the dollar "was getting too strong," and he would like to see interest rates stay low. Escalating geopolitical tensions will keep investors side-lined dampening sentiment in broader markets, said Taye Shim, head of research at Mirae Asset Sekuritas in Jakarta. "Likely, we are going to see a little bit of volatility in terms of how things unfold." Indonesia finished 0.5 percent lower to its steepest close since April 3, with financials being the biggest drag on the index. Bank Central Asia Tbk Pt fell 1.7 percent. Indonesia's import growth probably softened in March, while the growth pace of exports accelerated slightly, a Reuters poll showed. The poll sees Indonesia's trade surplus narrowing slightly in March to $1.20 billion, from February's $1.31 billion surplus. Index of the country's 45 most liquid stocks fell 0.8 percent. Markets in Thailand and Philippines were closed for a public holiday. For Asian Companies click; SOUTHEAST ASIAN STOCK MARKETS: Change on day Market Current Prev close Pct Move Singapore 3169.24 3186.01 -0.53 Jakarta 5616.545 5644.155 -0.49 Kuala Lumpur 1738.18 1744.08 -0.34 Ho Chi Minh 724.35 725.58 -0.17 Change on year Market Current End 2016 Pct Move Singapore 3169.24 2880.76 10.01 Jakarta 5616.545 5296.711 6.04 Kuala Lumpur 1738.18 1641.73 5.87 Ho Chi Minh 724.35 664.87 8.9 (Reporting by Krishna V Kurup in Bengaluru; Additional reporting by Urvashi Goenka; Editing by Sherry Jacob-Phillips)
YEREVAN The ruling Republican Party in ex-Soviet Armenia leads in a parliamentary election on Sunday, the Central Election Commission's (CEC) preliminary results showed.
The Republican Party got 53.20 percent of the votes, while the opposition Tsarukyan's Alliance got 26.56 percent.
The government-loyal Dashnaktsutyun Party got 8.07 percent, enough for the party to enter parliament.
Preliminary results were posted on the CEC website and based on results from 18 percent of the polling stations.
(Reporting by Hasmik Mkrtchyan; Writing by Margarita Antidze; Editing by Sandra Maler)
SYDNEY, Aug 14 (Reuters) - Commonwealth Bank of Australia said on Monday its chief executive Ian Narev will retire by June 2018.
Narev has been head of Australia's largest bank by market capitalisation since December 2011. The exact date of his departure will depend on the outcome of a candidate search, the bank said.
The bank has recently been engulfed in civil charges stemming from alleged breaches of money-laundering and counter-terrorism financing rules.
NEW YORK (AP) — The New York Times says a reporter's comment about an unfounded rumor about first lady Melania Trump in a private conversation with an actress at a party was “completely inappropriate.”
The comment came to light after actress Emily Ratajkowski tweeted Monday that a Times journalist told her “Melania is a hooker.”
Times spokeswoman Eileen Murphy said in a statement Monday that the unnamed reporter does not cover Washington or politics. She said, “The comment was not intended to be public, but it was nonetheless completely inappropriate and should not have occurred.” Murphy said editors have spoken with the reporter.
Mrs. Trump said Monday : “Applause to all women around the world who speak up, stand up and support other women!”
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
(WSPA) — Several months after pleading guilty to murdering seven people, Todd Kohlhepp now claims there are more victims.
Kohlhepp is serving a life sentence in the S.C. Department of Corrections for murder, kidnapping and other charges.
The Herald-Journal reports Kohlhepp wrote the newspaper an eight-page letter in which he claimed he tried telling investigators that there are more than seven victims but was “was blown off.”
An FBI spokesman told the paper there is a pending investigation.
Kohlhepp admitted to Spartanburg County deputies that he was responsible for the quadruple murder at Superbike Motorsports in Chesnee in November 2003.
The case had gone cold until deputies found Kala Brown in a shipping container on Kohlhepp's property in Woodruff about 13 years later.
Brown had been kept chained in the container after Kohlhepp murdered her boyfriend Charlie Carver.
Carver was buried on the same property where Brown was discovered, along with Johnny and Meagan Coxie. The couple was killed in December 2015.
The paper reports that Kohlhepp writes in the letter dated Nov. 28 that he “acted out” three years before the Coxies were killed.
Kohlhepp was a realtor at the time of his arrest. He was also a licensed pilot.
Court records revealed that Kohlhepp kidnapped and sexually assaulted a 14-year-old girl while living with his father in Arizona.
Kohlhepp served time and registered as a sex offender for that crime.
A judge wrote in a ruling at the time, “Twenty-five months of the most intensive and expensive professional intervention, short of God's, will provide no protection for the public and no rehabilitation of this juvenile.”
SPARTANBURG, S.C. (AP) — A South Carolina man convicted of killing seven people says he has more victims who have not been discovered.
The Herald-Journal of Spartanburg reports that, in an eight-page letter, Todd Kohlhepp wrote that he tried to tell investigators and informed the FBI, but he said “it was blown off.” He also wrote, “At this point, I really don't see reason to give numbers or locations.”
Don Wood, chief division counsel with the FBI's Columbia office, said the agency has a pending investigation, but wouldn't comment specifically on what the FBI is doing.
The 46-year-old Kohlhepp pleaded guilty in May to seven counts of murder for killings that took place over more than a decade, all as he ran a real estate business. He was sentenced to life in prison.
His string of crimes was uncovered in 2016 after police rescued a woman chained at the neck in a storage container and investigators found a body buried in a shallow grave. The woman told investigators she saw Kohlhepp shoot and kill her boyfriend, who went with her for a cleaning job on the suspect's property.
David Osborn scores a run for the Kelowna Sun Devils, much to the chagrin of the North Island catcher, Sunday in B.C. 18U AAA baseball action at Edith Gay Park. -Image: Douglas Farrow
The Kelowna Sun Devils watched their 2017 championship board go up on the clubhouse wall, then proceeded to play like champions against the North Island Cubs.
On home-opening weekend at Edith Gay Park, the Sun Devils rang up 52 runs en route to a four-game sweep of the Cubs in B.C. 18U AAA baseball action, pushing their season record to 6-0.
In Saturday's opener, the defending B.C. champs routed North Island 10-0. Starter Nathan Ringness-Law and reliever Jordan Laidlaw and combined for six scoreless innings of work. Adam Renneberg led the offense with two hits and two RBIs, while Dreyton Nelmes had a pair of hits and five stolen bases.
In Game 2, Connor Lamb had four RBIs in a 12-3 Sun Devils' win. Ethan Soroka started and went five innings for his first win of the spring.
On Sunday, the onslaught continued as Soroka had three hits and three RBIs in a 16-5 victory. Laidlaw went three innings in relief to pick up his second win.
In the series finale, Adam Renneberg launched a three-run home run and Soroka had two hits in a 14-7 Kelowna win. Dreyton Nelmes went 4 1/3 innings for his first win of the season.
The Sun Devils take on the fledgling COMBA Sun Devils tonight at Edith Gay Park.
Esha Gupta ruled Page 3 continuously after posting her nude pictures on Instagram. She was trolled and slut-shamed for the same. Some even said that she has posted all these pictures just to get attention.
But Esha Gupta is least bothered about the negativity. In a recent interview to a leading daily, she said that she has gone naked and topless during modelling days too.
Women Are Blamed For Everything In Our Country "In our country, women are eternally blamed. They are accused when a girl child is born; they are accused even when they are raped. So, somewhere I knew that I will also have to face a lot of heat.'' I Have Done Shoots Like This When I Was A Model ''After all, it's easiest for some faceless and redundant people to pull a celebrity down at the first opportunity. I've done shoots like this one when I was a model.'' I Have Gone Topless & Naked Too I've gone topless and naked, too. No one ever asked me about that. And who are these people who have ‘issues' with my pictures?'' It's My Body ''It's my body and it's been shot aesthetically. There's a thin line, which if you cross, you look vulgar. '' My Pictures Are Not Vulgar ''No one can say my pictures are vulgar. I got more love than hate, but it's better to be hated than to be forgotten. And right now, I'm in my best shape. Although we knew where this could lead, we thought, ‘If not now, then when?" Men Tend To Have A Problem If A Woman Goes Bold "Men tend to have a problem if a woman goes bold. Their manhood is challenged.'' Men Must Have Saved These Pictures On their Phone ''They are prudes, they must have even saved these pictures on their phone. And here we are in the country of Ajanta and Ellora, and Kama Sutra, objecting to a woman's photo-shoot which she has done on her own will. So, my attitude is, ‘S***w them' and that's the point I wanted to make.'' I Didn't Want To Hold Back These Pictures ''The pictures turned out so beautiful that I didn't want to hold them back. The thing is that I've been comfortable and confident about my body all along." My Family Doesn't Pay Much Attention "I'm blessed with the nicest family. Initially, they were taken aback with the way this place functions and how everything from an engagement to a break-up becomes news. But today , they don't pay much attention.'' I Am Not A Girl From The Woods ''As a law graduate, I know what I'm doing. I've survived this industry on my terms and that's not changing. I'm not a girl from the woods who have, made it here.'' ''And for those ready to give me lessons on behaving Indian, I'm, more Indian they can be.My father has served the nation and I represented it proudly on an international platform (Miss India and Miss Universe)." Did Bollywood React After Seeing Her Bold Pictures? "Yes. Some of them did. Like Milan Luthria (her Baadshaho director) told me, ‘You're killing it with these photos. I'll be there for you if you need arises.' I'm relieved and happy (hearing this)."
So readers, do you agree with Esha Gupta? Share your views with us by posting your comments below.
A newly-established Guyana-headquartered offshore medical school, Lincoln American University, says it is about to apply for Caribbean accreditation even as it rolls out a plan to establish similar institutions across the region.
Advisor to Lincoln American University, Dr. Emmanuel Cummings said already the institution located at Water and Barrack Streets has been registered with Guyana's National Accreditation Council (NAC), paving the way for the institution to begin enrolling students.
Officials said overseas students- mainly from India, Pakistan, Zambia and Nigeria- are being screened by the Ministry of Citizenship and Immigration. That process, an official said, includes the submission of police clearances and checking of the intended students background through International Police (INTERPOL). Students are expected to begin arriving in Guyana this weekend. Interest is also being shown by prospective American and Canadian students.
Cummings said Lincoln American University would next week be submitting its application for accreditation as a new institution to the the Jamaica-based Caribbean Accreditation Authority for Education in Medicine and other Health Professions (CAAM-HP). “All the schools have to be registered with the National Accreditation Council. It's not accreditation; it's registration. The NAC does not do accreditation. The only accrediting body is CAMM-HP and that is the accrediting body for the region,” he said when asked by Demerara Waves Online News. Cummings warned that if all medical schools are not accredited by 2023, the qualifications would be worthless.
“As a medical school, if we get accreditation it will benefit the students. Students can easily get exempted from taking the licence exam as a medical doctor in the Caribbean region,” Marketing and Administrative Manager at the medical school, Lalta Ramdeen told reporters. Efforts, he said, are also being made to have Lincoln University licensed by the Education Commission for Foreign Medical Graduates in the US and Canada.
Ramdeen said the cost of tuition at Lincoln American University would be 50 percent lower than in other countries, with Guyanese students being also given a 50 percent reduction in tuition fees, making it about US$5,500 per academic year. The official said Lincoln American University was established in Guyana because “we find Guyana is low cost; cost of living is very low compared to other countries and Guyana is a very good country whereby, as a medical school, we can be able reach out to the Caribbean market,” he said.
President of Lincoln American University, Professor Syed K. Washim and other officials said that already the institution has set up Bridgetown International University School of Medicine in Barbados and plans to expand to Trinidad and Tobago, Belize, Brazil and Australia within one year.
Officials said the computer, bio-chemistry and physiology laboratories have been already established, and simulators and three cadavers (preserved human bodies) would soon be acquired to be used as a teaching-learning aid. Pharmacy, nursing and post-graduate programmes, they said, would eventually be introduced. “I think what difference Lincoln brings to the medical school fraternity in Guyana is the fact that it is the first time that we are having a medical school that opening that has this kind of facilities from day-one. Most of the other medical schools started out as a small entity and they grew over time,” Assistant Dean, Dr. Torrington added. He said for the first time in Guyana subjects would be taught in an integrated manner.
A Memorandum of Understanding will soon be signed with the Georgetown Public Hospital Corporation and several private hospitals for clinical rotations and attachments.
By Radio.com Staff
Mariah Carey's manager, Stella Bulochnikov, blasted Dick Clark Productions over her client's botched performance on Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve broadcast earlier this week.
Related: Mariah Carey Shades Ariana Grande, Demi Lovato
In a statement to Billboard, Bulochnikov said that Carey's in-ear monitors weren't working ten minutes before the performance. “They then changed the battery pack, and they were still not working on the frequency four minutes before the show. We let them know again, and they just kept counting her down and reassuring her that they will work as soon as they go live, which never happened — at which point she pulled them out but could not hear the music over the crowd.”
Bulochnikov added, “After the show, I called [Dick Clark Productions'] Mark Shimmel and I said, ‘What the f— happened?' He said, ‘Let me call you back,' then called me back and confirmed the in-ear [monitor]s were not working and asked if I would make a joint statement. I said, ‘No way.' I asked him to cut the West Coast feed. He said he could not do that. I asked him why would they want to run a performance with mechanical glitches unless they just want eyeballs at any expense … It's not artist friendly, especially when the artist cut her vacation short as a New Year's Eve gift to them.”
Dick Clark Productions released its own statement, saying that the flub wasn't their fault. “In very rare instances there are of course technical errors that can occur with live television, however, an initial investigation has indicated that dcp had no involvement in the challenges associated with Ms. Carey's New Year's Eve performance. We want to be clear that we have the utmost respect for Ms. Carey as an artist and acknowledge her tremendous accomplishments in the industry.”
Carey has since addressed the flub with a humorous tweet, saying “S— happens.”
Five medical royal colleges have jointly backed recommendations to minimise the repeat of a tragedy which saw five children die in Northern Ireland hospitals.
The children were being treated at the Royal Belfast Hospital for Sick Children died from hyponatraemia-related conditions from 1995 to 2003.
The condition happens when the level of sodium in blood becomes abnormally low.
In a joint statement, five royal colleges - the Royal College of Paediatrics and Child Health; Anaesthetists; Pathologists; Surgeons and Surgeons of Edinburgh - said transparency within the health system was vital, the BBC reported.
The royal colleges are professional bodies for doctors and such a collective response is unusual and reflects the seriousness of the issue.
They have backed the establishment of a board which would hold managers and civil servants to account for systemic failures.
The statement says the development of a statutory duty of candour should be “a high priority item”, but that “the issue of criminal liability and its potential impact on patient safety must be carefully assessed”.
Their response supports the vast majority of the 96 recommendations made by Justice O'Hara in January after the 14-year inquiry into the deaths, and stresses the importance of honesty, transparency and tightening reporting.
Dr Ray Nethercott from the Royal College of Paediatrics and Child Health said their greatest sympathy was with the bereaved families.
“I work with colleagues who wake up every morning wanting to do the very best for the children they treat,” he told BBC News NI.
“Nobody wants these tragedies to happen. But when they do, it's only right that we admit to mistakes and look closely at what went wrong, why, and who is accountable.
“I recognise now more than ever that health care delivery is extremely complex, it is incumbent on us all to seek ways to make it easier to understand and to much more clearly describe who has accountability when mistakes are made.”
Dr Nethercott said the group had made an open offer to the Department of Health to work with them to implement the inquiry recommendations.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
A worker takes a photogrpah of fellow worker's safety hats adorning the fence surrounding the Hazelwood Power Station before its closure on March 31 in the town of Hazelwood, located in the Latrobe Valley, south-east of Melbourne in Australia, March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Sonali Paul
The Hazelwood Power Station can be seen before its closure on March 31 in the town of Hazelwood, located in the Latrobe Valley, south-east of Melbourne in Australia, March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Sonali Paul
Worker's safety hats adorn the fence surrounding the Hazelwood Power Station before its closure on March 31 in the town of Hazelwood, located in the Latrobe Valley, south-east of Melbourne in Australia, March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Sonali Paul
The Hazelwood Power Station can be seen before its closure on March 31 in the town of Hazelwood, located in the Latrobe Valley, south-east of Melbourne in Australia, March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Sonali Paul
Worker's safety hats adorn the fence surrounding the Hazelwood Power Station before its closure on March 31 in the town of Hazelwood, located in the Latrobe Valley, south-east of Melbourne in Australia, March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Sonali Paul
A sign adorns the fence surrounding the Hazelwood Power Station before its closure on March 31 in the town of Hazelwood, located in the Latrobe Valley, south-east of Melbourne in Australia, March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Sonali Paul
HAZELWOOD, Australia The doors to Australia's dirtiest power station will close permanently on Friday after 50 years, amping up pressure on a government desperate to avoid the kind of embarrassing blackouts that hit chunks of the country during a recent savage heatwave.
France's Engie SA is pulling the plug on the Hazelwood coal-fired power plant near Melbourne, cutting around a fifth of the state of Victoria's energy supply, blaming the "huge" costs of running the aged facility amid rising competition from subsidized wind and solar energy.
With other shutdowns of fossil fuel stations potentially following down the line, the move highlights the challenges facing Canberra as it fights to balance long-term green ambitions with the need to provide affordable power.
"If the lights go out, it would be nasty," said Tony Wood, energy program director at independent think tank the Grattan Institute.
"There's just such a level of political and community concern that (politicians) should be nervous."
Growth in electricity demand and a drop in supply since 2014 have strained the Australian grid. South Australia was roiled by a state-wide blackout last September, which crippled industry for up to two weeks, while the eastern states suffered six power cuts over the past summer.
"The government continues to carefully monitor this situation," Energy Minister Josh Frydenberg told Reuters in an email.
The nation's energy market operator has said there is enough unused capacity at existing power stations and mothballed capacity that could reopen to replace the 1,600 megawatts that Hazelwood is shutting. It is in talks to get mothballed gas-fired plants to restart.
LOVE, HATE
Hazelwood has long been symbolic of Australia's love-hate relationship with coal, attracting a major protest in near freezing conditions in 2009 that erupted into violent clashes.
It has been labelled the country's dirtiest power station as it emits more greenhouse gas per unit of electricity than any other plant.
On Wednesday, as the facility shut the last of its eight generators, workers leaving for the last time hung their hard hats on a fence, with a handful taking photos of the final blasts of steam coming out of the 'stack'.
"It feels terrible. Everyone thought it would be a partial closure. No one ever thought it would be a full closure," said Scott Meadows, who has worked at the site for 36 years.
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull fought off last-minute lobbying from industry and right wing politicians to step in to rescue Hazelwood to secure power and save 750 jobs in an already economically depressed region.
"At the very least they should have closed it in stages over two years. They're just walking away," said Tony Maher, president of the mining and energy division of the Construction, Forestry, Mining and Energy Union (CFMEU).
Engie was not asked by the federal or state governments to postpone Hazelwood's closure, even after the string of blackouts across the eastern states over the past summer, said Engie's head of corporate affairs, Jim Kouts.
The spotlight is now shifting to EnergyAustralia, owned by Hong Kong's CLP Holdings, which runs another aged coal-fired plant in Victoria, at Yallourn.
EnergyAustralia said it has enough coal reserves to last until 2032 and has plans to run through until that time, but has not ruled out closing before then.
"Of course, we acknowledge policy and market settings may change, but whatever we do we will not sacrifice the affordability and reliability of our customers' energy supply," said an EnergyAustralia spokeswoman.
The CFMEU's Maher and industry experts predict that Yallourn will not shut any time soon as its profits are likely to rise following the closure of Hazelwood.
In Victoria, daily wholesale power prices surged to A$47.90 ($36.70) per megawatt hour (MWh) in the first quarter from an average since 2000 of A$29.60.
"(Yallourn's) prospects of staying open longer strengthened the day Hazelwood's closure was announced," Maher said.
(Reporting by Sonali Paul; Editing by Joseph Radford)
During the month of October, Grace Baptist Church of Germantown will celebrate its 125th Anniversary with a series of community events.
Leading the church, during this historic occasion is the Rev. Dr. James H. Buck Jr., who became the institution's spiritual leader earlier this year. Rev. Buck, along with Frist Lady Jennifer Buck, hopes to enrich the Germantown Community with the legacy Grace Baptist Church of Germantown encompasses.
To that end, he is developing a “Mission Possible” Vision Plan for Grace, which addresses five areas of ministry: Mission, Fellowship, Discipleship, Stewardship and Worship.
The special events for the month-long celebration include:
The 125th Anniversary Banquet, on Friday, October 13th , at 6:00 pm at the Hilton Hotel, 4200 City Avenue. The Rev. Dr. William J. Shaw, Senior Pastor of the White Rock Baptist Church will be the guest speaker.
A 125th Fellowship Walk will kick of the $125th Anniversary Celebration, on Sunday, October 15th, at 9:00 am. The walk will begin at the old Grace Baptist Church located on Sharpnack Street and end at the current Grace Baptist Church location on Johnson Street.
The celebration continues at the 10:00 am worship service with guest speaker Rev. Dr. Kurt S. Clark, Senior Pastor of Sardis Missionary Baptist Church of Birmingham, AL.
For more information about these and other events, contact 215-438-3210.
The Directorate for Priority Crime Investigation (HAWKS) arrested a Major General on corruption charges on Sunday, 13 August 2017.
Following a lengthy joint investigation between the Hawks and Crime Intelligence into alleged corrupt activities, Major General Thuto Gaokgakwe Phefo (55) the Provincial Head of Legal Services in the Northern Cape, made a brief appearance in the Kimberley Magistrate's Court and was granted R4000 bail.
He is expected to appear at the same court on 13 September 2017 pending further investigations.
South Africa Today – South Africa News
Iranian and Georgian foreign ministers, at a meeting on Tuesday in Tbilisi, investigated venues for reinvigoration of mutual relations.
Iranian Minister of Foreign Affairs Mohammad Javad Zarif, who arrived in the Georgian capital Tbilisi on Monday evening as the second leg of his 3-nation Asia trip, met and talked with his Georgian counterpart Mikheil Janelidze.
Janelidze emphasized the need to bolster ties between Tehran and Tbilisi in various sectors saying “the present meetings between Iran's FM and high-ranking Georgian officials marks a good opportunity to elevate level of cooperation.”
Speaking at a joint press conference, the Georgian foreign minister said Tbilisi talks were a major step in line with development of bilateral relations as well as that the upcoming visit of Georgian PM to Tehran will offer grounds to seek venues for deepening relations in various fields.
“In 2016, the volume of trade turnover between the two sides grew by 50 percent and the upward trend in still underway,” he underscored.
He said excellent conditions existed in Georgia for investment and Iranian investor were eager to join hands with their Georgian counterparts; “transit collaborations also hold great significance as Iran can exploit Georgia's potentials en route to Europe.”
Mikheil Janelidze further stated that various dimensions of transport cooperation were being pursued and a rail transport corridor had been defined in order to carry goods from Central Asia to Iran, Georgia and Europe.
Iran's Zarif, for his part, said frequent meetings between Iranians and Georgians were indications of progress in bilateral relations in various sectors.
He went on to call for cooperation in judicial, academic, transit pathway, banking fields as well as joint ventures, establishment of industrial estates and energy and gas cooperation between the two countries.
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
JOHANNESBURG (miningweekly.com) – Anglo American Platinum (Amplats) achieved an 8% year-on-year increase in platinum group metals (PGM) production to 1.2-million ounces for the quarter ended March 31, owing to improved operational performances across its portfolio.
Palladium production was up 9% year-on-year, at 407 400 oz, and platinum output up 7% year-on-year, at 613 800 oz, on the back of “exceptional performances” from Amplats' own operations, including Mogalakwena, Amandelbult and Unki.
Advertisement
Mogalakwena's PGM production increased by 23% year-on-year to 327 600 oz as a result of the company targeting higher-grade areas, as well as the optimisation of the North Concentrator Plant. Concentrator recoveries subsequently increased by 5%.
Platinum and palladium production at Mogalakwena increased by 25% and 22%, respectively.
Advertisement
Meanwhile, Amandelbult's PGM production increased by 12% to 207 000 oz as a result of improved underground efficiencies and higher grades, while Unki's PGM production increased by 9% to 45 800 oz as a result of increased milling of ore stockpiled prior to the planned concentrator maintenance that was completed in December 2017.
Union mine was sold to Siyanda Resources on February 1, after which Union production was treated as third party purchase of concentrate.
As a result, PGM mined production at Union decreased by 70% to 23 000 oz for the first quarter, with mined platinum and palladium production down 69% and 70% respectively.
Amplats' total joint venture PGM production increased by 14% to 298 000 oz, owing to improved stoping efficiencies at Mototolo, improved stoping efficiencies and plant recoveries at Modikwa and operational efficiency improvements at Kroondal.
The company noted that, following the strong first-quarter production, its full-year production is expected to be at the top end of the guidance range of 4.7-million to 5-million PGM ounces, including 2.3-million to 2.4-million ounces of platinum and 1.5-million to 1.6-million ounces of palladium.
Comment:
Do your civic duty on Election Day and vote, go to church on Sundays, but always bring a cool unemotional detachment to investing on Mondays.
That is a favourite theme of mine. It is why it is so important to separate your emotions from your investment portfolio. That was the reasoning behind a column I wrote last year questioning whether people should buy an exchange-traded fund based on biblical values. I have no problem with people wanting to feel good about their investments, but I also want them to realize what their choices potentially do to their returns.
Today, I want to see how well the Inspire Global Hope Large Cap ETF, with the ticker symbol BLES, has done in terms of returns and otherwise.
Advertisement
First, the benchmark: Finding a suitable one isn't easy, as the fund's holding are made up of 50 per cent US-based securities, 40 percent in developed-nation foreign securities and 10 percent in emerging markets. It invests in companies with market capitalisations of US$5 billion (NZ$7.4 billion) or more. The closest comparable indexes are either the BlackRock Inc.'s iShares MSCI World ETF or perhaps State Street Corp.'s SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust.
The fund lags both indexes in terms of returns at three months, six months, one year and since inception on February 28, 2017.
The cost of the Inspire fund is another factor, at 0.61 percent, which is more than twice as much as the BlackRock product, which is 0.24 percent, and it is more than half a percentage point higher than the State Street product, at 9.5 basis points. That's a pretty substantial drag on returns over a longer period of time.
My investment philosophy is that most of your portfolio should be in low-cost indexes. You should feel free to have some of your portfolio in non-indexes, but only if you can come up with a sound reason why you are moving a few per cent away from what looks like a sure thing into something that might or might not be a better substitute. My preferences have been toward the Fama-French factor model focused on value, size and quality. If you want to deviate from that, well you should have a defendable reason.
Feel free to use 5 per cent of your portfolio for your mad money, i.e., speculative or themed investments. But the bar for moving away from beta, or market-matching returns, in your pursuit of either above-market alpha or other factors is very high. Things get complicated when the portfolio shift is based on issues other than performance - ethics, politics, sustainable investing, corporate governance and social motivations. These all come with compromises.
One such non-financially motivated portfolio I noticed recently is named the Point Bridge GOP Stock Tracker ETF. Its clever stock symbol is what caught my eye: MAGA. GOP Stock Tracker's slogan is "invest politically," a strategy many will tell you is counterproductive. As Bloomberg News reported, this ETF invests only in companies that are loyal to President Donald Trump and the Republican Party:
"Not necessarily the most profitable companies, or the fastest-growing, or the ones with the most attractive price-earnings ratios-or any of a number of metrics a typical investor would use. Instead, it selects companies based on public information about donations to Republican candidates by their employees and political action committees."
This is a very strange basis for making an investment - it might satisfy an emotional need, but not a financial one. In fact, I showed earlier this year that the companies that Trump trashed did much better than the ones he liked.
The knee-jerk response will be, what about environmental, social and governance investment products? The short answer is that the first and third parts of ESG, environmental and governance, have a correlation with better performance. The underlying basis of environmental investing is that companies with less exposure to environmental volatility and associated costs tend to do better; on governance, diverse leadership is associated with less groupthink and better decision-making. No such correlation has been shown for social investing; similarly, an inverse correlation seems to exist for political investing.
If you want to invest from a political angle, the closest thing I have found to a rational basis is the Life + Liberty Emerging Markets Index, which says it incorporates "human and economic freedom metrics as primary factors in our investment selection process." The idea behind the Life + Liberty index, which will introduce an ETF in 2019, is that "freer" markets experience more sustainable growth, and attract, retain and allocate capital more efficiently than countries with unfree.
Politics and religion are both unavoidably emotional. That is why they tend to be bad for your investment returns. If you are worried about your mortal soul, try to be a nicer person, and pick up karma points where ever you can - preferably not when making investment decisions.
- Bloomberg
Waqar Azmi speaks at peace rally organised by mosques of Birmingham
Travellers at sites across Birmingham at Easter
THIS IS WHAT IS CHANGING WITH THE NEW DRIVING TEST
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Heartfelt tributes have been paid to a Birmingham charity founder who gave thousands of orphans in Pakistan a better start in life.
Shamim Mahmood launched Jannat ul Firdous, also known as Helping Little Angels, by selling land she owned after witnessing atrocious living conditions in her birthplace of Lahore.
The charity's chief executive, from Hall Green , lost her fight with cancer on Good Friday aged 59.
Thousands of people attended her funeral at Birmingham Central Mosque the following day.
The married mother-of-three began by helping two orphans in Pakistan's capital city before going on to support thousands of women and children across the region.
With its UK base in Hall Green, the charity's work now includes coming to the aid of young girls who need help with their marriages, providing water pumps for remote areas and setting up learning centres.
After a major earthquake struck northern Pakistan in October 2005, Mrs Mahmood immediately joined the relief effort, flying in to organise lorry-loads of food and essential items and provide shelters.
Trustee Shamsa Miran-Bux said: “I'm heartbroken and devastated that we have lost Shamim.
“She was an angel who did so much.
“She threw herself into helping children and today we have seven schools in Pakistan as well as colleges and two orphanages.
“Shamim would be there on the ground doing everything, and the schools are now running by themselves.
“If there was a problem in other countries, such as Syria, she would be there for any disaster and especially to help the children.
“She was a gem.”
Hundreds of tributes were paid on social media after Mrs Mahmood passed away, with the charity pledging to continue her work.
Mrs Mahmood found her true calling 12 years ago, citing the death of her mother as helping her to focus on the important things in life.
She had written: “The establishment of Jannat ul Firdous resulted in my realizing my true purpose on Earth.
“My actions have provided me the opportunity to channel my energy by providing support to the most vulnerable and neglected children in Pakistan.
“I believe this act of kindness will nurture these orphaned children and help them to develop as independent individuals.”
Mrs Mahmood leaves husband Daud as well as two sons and a daughter and five grandchildren.
In the weeks before she died, she organised a fundraising dinner in Small Heath and the project unveiled a pump in a village desperate for clean water.
The charity founder also found time to give food to the homeless and needy in Birmingham city centre.
On her Facebook page she described herself simply as a mother and grandmother who loved to help others.
Any music fan will be aware of how vinyl records have become strangely fashionable again, with the retro format enjoying a resurgence as an alternative mp3 downloads and streaming.
But now it seems that its counterpart, the cassette, may be enjoying a similar resurgence.
According to Official Charts Company data, the humble tape is the fastest-growing format in the UK at the moment.
Sales of cassette albums have doubled in the space of a year - up 112% compared to 2016, thanks in part to big name acts like Jay-Z , Royal Blood and Lana Del Rey releasing limited runs as a collector's item for fans.
The biggest seller so far has been the soundtrack to Guardians of the Galaxy - ‘Awesone Mix vol. 1' - the retro collection featuring tracks such as ELO's ‘Mr. Blue Sky' and Fleetwood Mac's ‘The Chain'. It has also sold more than 70,000 copies on vinyl.
More than 80 albums have been released on cassette already this year, leading to over 20,000 sales to date.
That's the highest annual total since 2006, bucking a trend which saw an all-time low (of less than 4,000 units sold) in 2012.
The best-selling non-compilation cassette so far this year is Kasabian's album For Crying Out Loud, with 1,026 sales to date. It's a small but not insignificant figure, given its limited run and exclusive availability on the band's official website.
“That's the best thing I've ever heard,” Serge Pizzorno told OfficialCharts.com, adding: “It's about fan loyalty, I think. It's about having a physical object. One of your favourite bands has put out an album and you want it on a different format that you can hold in your hands. It's nice to see the sleeve and the artwork in a different way as well.”
Other releases whose cassette versions re selling well include albums by Enter Shikari, Paul Heaton & Jacqui Abbott, Arcade Fire, Gary Numan and Blondie.
However, cassettes will have some way to go before they get back to their status as top-selling format, 27 years ago - long before CDs, and the internet, had taken hold. Still, with vinyl's rebirth, and with Christmas coming up, who knows?
São Paulo Odebrecht SA, the family-controlled engineering conglomerate ensnared in Brazil's worst corruption scandal ever, is considering going public once it finalises a thorough overhaul of corporate governance practices, a senior executive told Reuters on Thursday.
An initial public offering remains one of several options the group and the namesake family that controls it are analysing as part of a process to implement stricter ethical and operational procedures, said board member Sergio Foguel, who also presides over Odebrecht's compliance council.
While declining to discuss alternatives aside from the IPO, Foguel said tougher compliance standards have prepared several of Odebrecht's business divisions to weather a potential dearth of state contracts, which might translate into slower growth.
"This year we'll be more focussed on re-examining and reinforcing our corporate values, which were not strong enough before," Foguel said in an interview at Odebrecht's São Paulo headquarters.
Odebrecht is the largest of Brazilian building groups accused of colluding to overcharge Petróleo Brasileiro SA (PETR4.SA) and other state-controlled firms for contracts, then using part of that to channel donations and bribes into Brazil's former ruling Workers Party and domestic and international allies.
Rapidly resolving legal obligations related to the scandal, as well as paving the way for the partial exit of the Odebrecht family from the business will be key for Odebrecht to win new projects, raise cash and cut the group's 76 billion reais (19.22 billion pounds) in net debt. The conglomerate is restructuring and reworking more than 40 billion reais in bank loans.
A 6.7 billion-real leniency deal that was signed off late last year stipulated that Odebrecht admitted guilt and offered information on bribes paid. Seventy-seven executives, including family patriarch and Chairman Emilio Odebrecht and his jailed son and the group's former chief executive, Marcelo Odebrecht, agreed to make plea deals.
The group, which was founded in the mid-1940s by German-Brazilian engineer Norberto Odebrecht, is also negotiating graft-related fines with several Latin American countries.
Such negotiations, which the group wants to conclude by June, would help Odebrecht prevent upcoming elections across the region from slowing planned asset sales, Reuters reported on Feb. 22.
To weather fallout from the scandal and the impact of a three-year economic slowdown throughout Latin America, Odebrecht has also cut costs and refinanced obligations at some cash-strapped subsidiaries.
Talks with creditors to restructure oil drilling firm Odebrecht Óleo & Gás SA's obligations could be concluded as early as April, sources told Reuters this week.
The group is also selling assets and projects including Perú's Chaglla power dam, Colombia's Ruta del Sol highway project, several subway and toll road licenses as well as a stake in Rio de Janeiro's international Galeão airport.
(Editing by Guillermo Parra-Bernal and Richard Chang)
A growing number of mothers are choosing to consume their placenta, in order to increase their breastmilk supply and have greater breastfeeding success.
The Nurturing Root celebrates National Breastfeeding Month
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tags:
* Pregnancy
* Birth
* Breastfeeding Industry:
* Health Location:
* Cleveland - Ohio - US
Media Contact
Alayna Spratley,
TheNurturingRootOhio.com, 216-600-8809
alayna@thenurturingroot.com Alayna Spratley,TheNurturingRootOhio.com, 216-600-8809
End
-- August is National Breastfeeding Month, a time that highlights the importance of increasing a collaborative effort to support a breastfeeding-friendly landscape. A growing community of new moms are turning to alternative practices, like placenta encapsulation, to help them establish and meet their breastfeeding goals.According to the Centers for Disease Control Breastfeeding Report Card, 70% of mothers make the attempt to breastfeed their newborns, but at six months of age, only about 15% of babies are being exclusively breastfeed.This number is in stark contrast to the American Academy of Pediatrics recommendation that all babies be exclusively breastfed until six months of life. There are several medical, physical, emotional, and social hurdles that can affect breastfeeding success rates. Changes to policies, practices, and the ability for new mothers to access breastfeeding support is slowly helping to increase these numbers. Some resourceful mothers are choosing a more controversial route to ensure they have the best breastfeeding experience.The placenta, the temporary organ, that grows along with the baby and serves as its lifeline until birth, is most often treated as medical waste. But it may be a continued source of support, to the Mother, after she gives birth. Through placenta encapsulation, the baby's placenta is steamed, dehydrated, and pulverized. Then it is placed into capsules.A new mother can take her pills as a postpartum wellness supplement. In addition to supporting lactation and increasing milk supply, many mothers report a boost in energy, feeling emotionally well and balanced faster recovery, and decreased postpartum bleeding."I am certain that taking my placenta pills allowed me to recover from my c-section at a much quicker rate, and with no baby blues at all! My milk came in immediately, my energy level was great even after long nights establishing a nursing a schedule. I felt stable and clear headed." Kristen Sharp"With my first child, I didn't produce much milk - had to supplement from day 1 and was only able to produce the little I did for 4 months. I am currently 2 weeks postpartum with my 2nd [child] and feel fantastic using my placenta pills! My milk came in 3 days postpartum and my supply is really good." Amanda Lynn"Not only did this help me immediately postpartum, I took my capsules again 3.5 months postpartum when I was stressed about leaving my daughter for the first time for a work trip. It not only brought a lightness back into my mood, but increased my pumping output so I could add enough to my stash to leave her. I would recommend The Nurturing Root's services to everyone." Michelle WoolschlagerThe Nurturing Root has provided professional placenta encapsulation services, since 2011, helping over 650 mothers have their best postpartum recovery experience. Additionally, The Nurturing Root supports expectant couples with Birth Boot Camp childbirth education classes and family-centered postpartum doula care. Lean more about The Nurturing Root: https://thenurturingrootohio.com/
Australian PM mocks Trump over "Russian guy" at media party
MELBOURNE, June 15 Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has made fun of U.S. President Donald Trump and alluded to his ties with Russia, according to a leaked tape of an off-the-record media event.
April 12 China's Dalian Commodity Exchange said on Wednesday:
* it will cut transaction fees on iron ore, coking coal, coke and polypropylene futures from April 17
* it will halve non-intraday transaction fees on iron ore, coking coal and coke futures to 0.006 percent from 0.012 percent of total trading value
* it will cut intraday transaction fees on January, May and September contracts for iron ore futures to 0.024 percent from 0.03 percent of total trading value
* it will cut intraday transaction fees on other iron ore contracts to 0.006 percent from 0.03 percent of total trading value
* it will cut intraday transaction fees on January, May and September contracts for coke and coking coal futures to 0.036 percent from 0.072 percent of total trading value
* it will cut intraday transaction fees on other coke and coking coal contracts to 0.006 percent from 0.072 percent of total trading value
* it will cut intraday transaction fees on January, May and September contracts for polypropylene futures to 0.012 percent from 0.024 percent of total trading value
* it will cut intraday transaction fees on other polypropylene contracts to 0.006 percent from 0.024 percent of total trading value (Reporting by Beijing Monitoring desk)
…says policy direction bane to sectors' devt
By Ediri Ejoh
Unless the President makes haste and assent the Petroleum Industry Governance Bill, PIGB, currently before him into law, the country may not recover from its 20 years of industry losses and revenue generation that should have been realised.
These were the views of experts at the just concluded 3rd Graduation/Award ceremony of students at the Emerald Energy Institute, EEI, of the University of Port Harcourt.
In its presentation, the Director, EEI, Prof. Wumi Iledare, stated that the passage of the bill by the National Assembly remains an indication of a light at the end of the tunnel for the industry, but awaits the Presidency's move for approval.
“I am optimistic of the future of the Nigeria oil and gas industry. This is because we have a dynamic human resource, highly skilled professionals in the sector and that is very good. Also, we have these resources in abundance. The largest in Africa.
“The only thing missing over the years is our policy direction. Nigeria for many years has looked at oil as a source of revenue instead of a source of power.
“However, with the PIGB the dawn of a new era has begun. That the National Assembly since 2008 or 2000, finally passed the bill and will soon been passed by the government. That has literally lifted a cloud of uncertainty over the oil and gas industry, because since 20 years ago we kept telling them we want to reform the industry and the longer it takes the more frustrated investors are in coming into Nigeria because they don't know what the deal is on investment in Nigeria.”
He, However, challenged the government on need to break its hydrocarbon dependency, saying “It is a known fact that the nation is overly dependent on hydrocarbon production for revenues rather than for value creation. This dependent on a mono product remains a major hindrance to its economic growth and development potential. It has only created political elite with less consideration for the future and sustainability of the environment.
“Yet petroleum is an intergenerational energy resource for powering an economy with social, cultural and environmental implications.
This dependence has made significant room for economic vulnerability to global energy price shocks, which the nation has had to grapple with perpetually.”
Meanwhile, he explained that It was ironic that Nigeria, often referred to as a gas province “with little oil ‘droplets' here and there in the inland basins, outer continental shelf and deep offshore, has not tapped gas to grow its economy. The huge natural gas resources have had an epileptic contribution to the economy.
“There is the constant issue of inadequate gas supply for energy generation. Hence, there is no electricity to power the economy. Thus far, the oil and gas business has not yielded the expected dividends.”
However, on its findings on the role policy plays on Field Development Plan, FDP, approval process and observations, Chevron Nigeria stated that “early engagement and alignment of expectations of both NAPIMS and the DPR is critical; Technology advancements yet to be incorporated in the regulatory framework as well as timely understanding and adaptation of evolving government policies.”
The company added that for an improvement cycle time on original FDP / FDP Update approval, there was need for “Regulator to standardize approval processes for new field development and field development updates and continue to encourage joint studies between Operators and Regulators.”
For Emeka Ene, CEO, Oildata Energy Group, the three most important role for the federal government to play and make the system work are “commitment to a standard replicable process, cross boundaries and collaborate to achieve Synergy (Leverage existing data & infrastructure and avoid unnecessary duplication and connect FDP “dots” around the Big Picture – FDPs should align with our National Aspirations (Local content, Secondary processing, Gas to Power etc).”
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Trusted Web is a preferred outsourcing company in India that helps businesses grow their online presence through creative marketing and design.
Trusted Web Service
Contact
Trusted Web Service
***@trustedwebservice.com Trusted Web Service
End
-- Search Engine Optimization or SEO is basically what helps current and potential customers find your website. Search Engine Optimization may not be a turn you are common with, but is something that is important to your company's success. It is the keywords used to help your company are found on any search engine, such as Google. Proper SEO can give your company more visibility and the ability to reach more customers online.If you are not the most technically confidence business owners, finding a company that can help you with your SEO capabilities can be exceptionally beneficial. The key difficulty will be finding a company near you that can help you without breaking your budget. Asking your peers is a great way to get started with finding a company near you.Of course, once you have some ideas in mind, you can go to Google to learn more. Google is an outstanding source for doing some quick research on the company you are considering. You will be able to learn more information about the services they offer, the costs, and most prominently read reviews from people like you who have paid for help in the past. Once you have narrowed down your list of companies, you can begin contacting them individually.There are a number of things to consider when choosing which SEO company you should use. First, just because the company has a great ranking does not always mean they will be the best option for you. Some companies have been around for a longer amount of time and have higher search rankings, but may not specialize in Search Engine Optimization. Many companies offer a variety of services, but do not focus specifically on the ones you need.Also, some larger companies may have a large number of customers. This means you may not receive the individualized help that you would like. This can also lead to a longer amount of turnaround time for the completion of your services. Working with a smaller company can be extremely beneficial if you want personalized care.Another big question to consider is if the company offers services to a business of your size. Often, larger companies may want to work with larger clientele. If you are a company that is just starting out and needs a lot of help with your SEO then you will want to find a company that is willing to work with you. If you are a larger company that needs quick, less personalized care, then working with a big company may be great for your needs.Do not go with the first company that looks good online, make sure you speak to the employees that work there and get to know what exactly they have to offer. Compare the amount of time the companies you are considering will take to complete their service. Of course, you will also want to compare the price they are asking for their help.Where you live will be a huge factor in the amount of SEO companies available in your area. Larger cities will have more options and will make tightening your search down even more difficult. Smaller cities may have smaller companies as well, which can be both a benefit and negative depending on the quality of the companies available. Overall, finding the best Search Engine Optimization Company can be a difficult but critical part of business ownership.Trusted Web is a preferred outsourcing company in India that helps businesses grow their online presence through creative marketing and design. They offer a variety of services, including; web design, search engine optimization services, digital marketing, website maintenance. They use creativity to help generate an extension between companies and their audience online. Through social media, web pages, online advertisements, and more, they can increase a company's online presence and visibility. With a dedication to the companies they serve, Trusted Web creates positive brand engagement while increasing customer loyalty.To learn more about their many services, contact them today: https://www.trustedwebservice.com
LONDON, April 6 Britain's National Grid expects low demand for electricity this summer, meaning there could be times when there is more generation than needed, the grid operator said on Thursday.
In its summer outlook report, National Grid said peak transmission system demand for high summer (June-August) was forecast at 35.7 gigawatts (GW) and the summer minimum at 17.3 GW.
"In order to balance the system, we will need to curtail flexible generation this summer. It may also be necessary to instruct inflexible generators to reduce their output during these periods of low demand," the report said.
Total UK gas demand for this summer is forecast at 34 billion cubic metres.
(Reporting by Nina Chestney; editing by Jason Neely)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Steinhoff International Holdings Nv :
* ‍THIERRY GUILBERT HAS TENDERED HIS RESIGNATION TODAY WITH IMMEDIATE EFFECT AS A MEMBER OF SUPERVISORY BOARD OF COMPANY​
* ‍GIVEN OTHER EXECUTIVE COMMITMENTS, GUILBERT DOES NOT CONSIDER THAT HE CAN FOCUS HIS EFFORTS SUFFICIENTLY ON CO AT THIS CRITICAL TIME​
* ‍NUMBER OF CANDIDATES ARE CURRENTLY BEING CONSIDERED TO STRENGTHEN INDEPENDENCE OF SUPERVISORY BOARD OF COMPANY​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Man Jailed After Stabbing Teen 14 Times
A man who stabbed a teenager 14 times at a busy party in Southend has been jailed for 9 years.
In April, 19 year old Nes Kisoka stabbed the 18-year-old victim in the stomach, leaving him with a collapsed lung, after a fight broke out.
The victim had to spend nine days in hospital.
At an earlier hearing at Basildon Crown Court, Kisoka, of Eastern Esplanade, Southend, admitted inflicting grievous bodily harm and possessing an offensive weapon in a public place.
Detective Sergeant Rachel Jeffery said: "This was a violent and frenzied attack at a busy party.
"It is galling that Nes Kisoka was so comfortable using this level of violence and the results could have been much worse.
"The victim suffered several stab wounds and had to spend a significant amount of time in hospital.
"I want to praise the courage of the victim throughout the investigation and I hope this sentence comes as some solace to the victim."
April 5Addex Therapeutics Ltd :
* FY net loss for the year decreased significantly to 3.1 million Swiss francs ($3.09 million)for 2016, compared to 4.2 million Swiss francs for 2015
* Cash and cash equivalents decreased by 46% to 1.4 million francs at Dec. 31, 2016, compared to 2.6 million francs at Dec. 31, 2015
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: ($1 = 1.0022 Swiss francs) (Gdynia Newsroom)
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
Acacia Mining says Tanzania output hit but annual targets unchanged
LONDON, June 15 Acacia Mining's production of gold from Tanzania has been hit by an export ban but targets for the year remain unchanged at this stage, Chief Executive Brad Gordon said on Thursday.
NEW YORK, April 13 US investors are turning to higher-yielding second-lien loans as primary spreads on US leveraged loans continue to fall in an aggressive repricing round and new deals remain scarce.
Second-lien volume of US$8.61bn in the first quarter was more than five times higher than US$1.54bn booked a year ago when bank appetite waned amid market turbulence in late 2015.
“The market is incredibly hot right now. In a thin market people tend to take on risk. Where do they go? To the credits they know, but further down the risk spectrum,” one investor said.
Second-lien debt is considered more risky as it sits behind senior first-lien bank debt in corporate capital structures and offers higher returns to investors.
Although second-lien loans can be a difficult sell in choppy markets, loan market conditions are robust and banks and loan buyers currently have a ‘risk on' mindset, market participants said.
Yields on first-lien institutional term loan yields have sunk to levels not seen since 2004, Thomson Reuters LPC data shows. Average yields on first-lien term loans were 4.5% in the first quarter, down from 6.54% a year earlier.
Average yields on second-lien term loans were 9.85% in the first quarter, compared to 10.78% in the first quarter of 2016, according to Thomson Reuters LPC data.
This price compression has been driven by unrelenting demand for yield and floating rate loans since last year as investors try to hedge against rising interest rates, allowing issuers to cut borrowing costs with opportunistic refinancing.
Junk-rated companies refinanced a total of US$261bn in loans in the first three months of the year, leaving the prior 2Q13 record of US$246bn behind.
Retail investors have poured US$12.9bn into bank loan mutual funds and exchange-traded funds as of April 5, lifting total inflows since early August 2016 to about US$23.6bn. New collateralized loan obligation (CLO) issuance, a measure of institutional demand, was roughly US$16bn in the first quarter.
In another measure of risk appetite, riskier triple-C rated loans have rallied more than double-B names in the secondary market since the end of last year.
In early December, the average secondary price for CCCs rose 2.81 points to 87.8 from 84.99 on December 1. The average secondary price of BB-rated loans increased 31bp to 100.09 from 99.78 in the same time.
BUYER BASE
Increased appetite for risk assets is creating a broader buying base for second-lien loans, which includes insurance companies, pension funds, and alternative asset managers as well as alternative lenders.
Alternative lenders stepped in to provide privately-placed second-lien loans when banks stepped away from underwriting loans for syndication in 2015, which were sold to business development companies (BDCs) and other direct lenders.
Direct lenders are seeing fewer lending opportunities in a hot market as banks return to lending and are now targeting second-lien debt. Direct lenders are still needed at the larger end of the middle market for issuers in the US$75m-US$100m Ebitda range, which do not require a broad syndication effort but are large enough to require a handful of direct lenders of scale to place the junior debt.
“There are situations where a pre-placed second-lien loan makes more sense and is useful to sponsors in terms of execution and certainty,” a middle market credit investor said.
High precision manufacturing services company Tecomet Inc is in market with a US$835m acquisition loan including a US$225m second-lien tranche that financial sponsor Charlesbank opted to pre-place with a trio of investors, including at least two direct lenders, sources said.
Three of the largest second-lien loans marketed in the first quarter came via the syndicated loan market, however, and financed dividend recapitalizations along with first-lien loans.
Barclays arranged a US$690m second-lien term loan for real estate investment trust Capital Automotive and warehouse retailer BJ's Wholesale Club's sealed a US$625m second-lien term loan led by Nomura which was upsized by US$25m during syndication.
Life sciences company Avantor Performance Materials also upsized the second-lien portion of a dividend deal. The company raised a US$455m second-lien term loan, which was increased from US$380m at launch and was led by Jefferies. (Reporting by Leela Parker Deo; Editing By Tessa Walsh and Jon Methven)
Leaked audio has revealed Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull launching into a satirical tirade impersonating US President Donald Trump at the Parliament Houses' Mid-Winter Ball last night.
9 NEWS political editor Laurie Oakes decided to release the off-the-record speech Mr Turnbull made to Canberra's press gallery, where Turnbull made fun of his meeting with Mr Trump.
"The Donald and I, we are winning and winning in the polls. We are winning so much. We are winning like we have never won before."
"We are winning in the polls. We are, not the fake polls. They're the ones we're not winning in. We're winning in the real polls. You know, the online polls," Mr Turnbull said to the laughing crowd.
He even touched on the sensitive topic of alleged collusion between the Trump administration and Russia before the election.
"They are so easy to win, I have this Russian guy."
SHANGHAI (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May left China on Friday with deals worth more than 9.3 billion pounds, at the end of a three-day trade mission where President Xi Jinping pledged to upgrade their “golden era” in relations.
Britain is trying to reinvent itself as a global trading nation after a 2016 referendum decision to leave the European Union, and China, the world's second-largest economy, is high on the list of countries that Britain wants to sign a free trade agreement with.
Speaking at a business summit in China's commercial capital Shanghai, May said Britain was keen to help bring Xi's vision for globalisation and a more open Chinese economy to life.
“Meanwhile, the UK is preparing to leave the European Union. We're seizing the opportunity to become an ever-more outward-looking Global Britain, deepening our trade relations with nations around the world - including China,” she said.
Chinese investment is helping Britain develop infrastructure and create jobs, with some 50,000 British businesses importing goods from China and more than 10,000 sell their goods to China, she added.
“We've agreed on moves to bring more of the UK's internationally renowned food and drink to China, to open up the market to some of Britain's world-class financial services providers,” May said.
The 9.3 billion pounds in deals will create over 2,500 jobs across the United Kingdom, the British government said.
Britain's financial services firms alone secured deals worth more than 1 billion pounds and market access, that would lead to 890 jobs, it said, without giving details.
Alibaba's founder and Executive Chairman Jack Ma speaks at the China-UK business forum in Shanghai, China February 2, 2018. REUTERS/Stringer
China sees Britain as an important ally in its call for more open global markets, despite widespread concerns in the foreign business community about the difficulty of operating in China, and both countries refer to a “golden era” in relations.
Meeting in Beijing late on Thursday, Xi told May the two countries should “add new meaning into the bilateral ties so as to forge an enhanced version of the ‘Golden Era',” according to state-run media.
Slideshow (2 Images)
China has also been appreciative of Britain's enthusiasm for the China-backed Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank and Xi's Belt and Road initiative to build a new Silk Road.
In a front page commentary on Friday, the overseas edition of the People's Daily said Britain had shown “intelligence and pragmatism” in supporting Belt and Road.
“It is a model for other Western nations,” it said.
But Brexit has unnerved Beijing, concerned about losing an important voice supporting free trade in the European Union and what it may mean for market access to Europe for Chinese firms which have invested in Britain.
Still, Chinese Premier Li Keqiang told May on Wednesday that China's relations with Britain will remain unchanged through Brexit.
(This story refiles to add dropped word “day” in lead.)
Mt Ruapehu is celebrating the start of winter tomorrow with free skiing and snowboarding at Happy Valley.
Ruapehu Alpine Lifts chief executive Ross Copland said recent massive snow dumps have led to lots of requests from the public about opening earlier than the official day on Saturday June 2.
"We've listened and will be offering a free taster in Happy Valley on Friday, so there will be no charges for lift passes to ski from 11am–2pm."
Ruapehu is the first commercial ski area to open in New Zealand, and Copland said it was shaping up to be a great season.
"With our snowmaking technology and a big boost from mother nature, which has blanketed Whakapapa ski area with snow over the past week or so, it should make for fantastic early season skiing.
"We're not ruling out an early opening of Turoa as well if this weather keeps delivering snow and cold temperatures."
Advertisement
The chairlift and carpet lifts in Happy Valley will be operating on Friday for skiing and snowboarding to welcome winter. Lift-accessed sledding will then be added on Saturday when the ski season officially opens.
Whakapapa may also open its Rangatira Express this weekend, offering skiing and snowboarding on the lower mountain, depending on weather and snow-making.
Friday's early opening will also help benefit the Greenlea Rescue Helicopter fund with donations being taken at the Whakapapa customer relations office on the day.
Copland said more than 2700 people headed up the mountain on opening weekend last year setting a 10-year record high.
"We're hoping to break last year's opening weekend record, especially with all the hype around the recent snowfall and the latest reports from MetService that it's going to be a cold winter."
The next ski area on Mt Ruapehu scheduled to open is Whakapapa's lower mountain on June 16. Whakapapa's upper mountain followw on June 30 and Turoa ski area on June 29.
The early season opening is thanks to Mt Ruapehu's new snow-making technology, offering skiers and snowboarders the longest scheduled winter season in New Zealand, operating until Labour Weekend in late October.
The snow-making machine can make snow in temperatures of up to 25C.
The mountain has officially gone smokefree today. Photo/Supplied
Meanwhile Mt Ruapehu officially went smokefree today - World Smokefree Day.
Ruapehu Alpine Lifts Ltd, which operates both Whakapapa and Turoa ski areas, now has a smokefree policy in all indoor and outdoor areas of both ski fields.
Mt Ruapehu people and performance general manager Andy Hoyle, said there were many reasons the time was right to make the mountain smokefree, one of which is the government's goal of a Smokefree Aotearoa by 2025.
"That is something we as an organisation support and believe in. We're in the business of sports and leisure and as part of that it's important to promote and support healthy lifestyles, not just for our staff but for the public as well," he said.
Indoor areas of the ski fields were already covered by smokefree laws, but the new policy would extend to all outdoor public use areas of Whakapapa and Turoa.
"The other aspect of this is that we are privileged to operate in the pristine surrounds of Tongariro National Park, a Unesco World Heritage site. Anything we can do to preserve and protect our part of it – from cleaner air to fewer cigarette butts littering the ground – we have a responsibility to do."
All visitors to the mountain lighting up this season will be politely asked not to by staff.
"In the end it's about creating a more pleasant environment for everybody to enjoy the mountain," Hoyle said.
Uber's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc, the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes.
A Tauranga mother of six fears the city's unaffordable rental market will force her family into homelessness - again.
Tangiwhetu Williams, 34, her six children aged 4 to 15, and her 25-year-old partner, Michael Sabbeth, live in one of Te Tuinga Whanau Social Services Trust's emergency houses in Greerton.
The eight family members share two bedrooms, and another family lives in the third.
The tidy house is packed but warm and dry - and Williams says many miles better than the cars and tents they slept in last winter.
Advertisement
She says the pressure of finding a home feels "non-stop".
"Sometimes I don't know how to deal with it."
William's housing issues began in 2014 when the family left Auckland, where they had a five-bedroom Manurewa rental, for Whakatane.
They had stints in a rental, staying with family and in an emergency house and in early 2017 moved to Tauranga to be closer to Sabbeth's work. He has a full-time job installing insulation - the family's sole income, about $900 a week.
They moved between friends' houses as Williams submitted application after application for rentals to no avail.
The Western Bay market was tight, houses were scarce and "really expensive compared to Auckland and Whakatane".
She knew her big family and bad credit history - car payments, power company debts - would not be doing her any favours with property managers who could afford to be picky. She did not blame them.
Tangiwhetu Williams and her 4-year-old son Sloan Williams. Photo/George Novak
Williams says for four months they had no place to call home. They lived in their cars, which they would park by the beach at Matua, or in tents on family land, finding beds for the children whenever possible.
"It was hectic," Williams said.
They went to the Baywave aquatic centre to shower. The kids were shunted around schools. Her relationship with Sabbeth was tested.
In May the Government arranged space in the Ambassador Motor Inn for them but Williams said they left after a week because they did not want more debt.
Then came the Greerton home and Te Tuinga Whanau's transitional housing programme.
She started getting budget advice and making plans to tackle the debt. The children settled in and over the past six months they have all breathed a little easier.
She has continued to apply for private rentals.
"Sometimes I think when I'm applying that it's just a waste of time - they must have seen my applications before and they don't even reply."
She found a three-bedroom rental for $580 a week and asked the landlord to drop the price to $500 - still more than the $450 they could afford - but he got a better offer.
After 27 weeks in the emergency home, she believed her allotted time there was due to end in four or five weeks.
"I really have no idea what to do. We will probably end up homeless again," she said on Monday.
Hope on the horizon
A government ministry and an emergency housing provider say the family of eight will not end up on the street.
Ministry of Social Development regional commissioner Mike Bryant said they were doing their best to help Tangiwhetu Williams and her family find long-term, sustainable housing in Tauranga.
In the meantime, the family could stay in transitional housing - something Williams was relieved to hear.
He said Williams' family had been on the social housing register for nearly two years, since March 2016, and acknowledged Tauranga did not have enough state houses.
"As at the end of September, there were 1234 public housing places in the Tauranga district.
"We know we need more and we are aiming to increase this by 150 by 2020."
Te Tuinga Whanau's community projects manager, John Gibson, said the family would hopefully be able to stay in the same home.
He said they were good tenants, engaged in the programme and working to improve their circumstances.
They were ready to move out of transitional housing but Tauranga just did not have the supply of affordable homes - or social housing - right now, he said.
Median rental prices December 2017
Tauranga: $460, up 2.2 per cent year-on-year
1-2 bedroom: $380, up 5.6 per cent
3-4 bedroom: $500, up 4.2 per cent
Western Bay: $450, up 13.2 per cent
1-2 bedroom: $340, up 13.3 per cent
3-4 bedroom: $465, up 8.1 per cent
Source: Trade Me Property Rental Index
WASHINGTON, Feb 2 (Reuters) - The U.S. House of Representatives plans to vote on Tuesday on legislation to keep federal agencies operating beyond Feb. 8, when existing funds expire, a senior House Republican aide said on Friday.
The aide did not provide details, however, on the duration of this latest-in-a-series of temporary funding measures. Congressional negotiators are fighting over defense and non-defense spending levels for the fiscal year that ends on Sept. 30, as well as other unrelated matters. (Reporting By Richard Cowan; Editing by Daniel Wallis)
The government of the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia (NRW) said on Tuesday it was not possible to deport a former bodyguard of slain terrorist Osama Bin Laden, who is currently living in the state, because of fears that he could be tortured or treated badly in his homeland.
The man, identified as Sami A. in accordance with German privacy laws, has been living in the western German city of Bochum for more than a decade.
He remains ineligible for deportation, the state government said in response to a query by two members of the far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD) party in the state legislature.
Read more: Alleged bin Laden bodyguard living in Bochum
The authorities referred to a court decision in April 2017, which found that the 42-year-old man faced "the considerable likelihood" of "torture and inhumane or degrading treatment" if he were to be deported to Tunisia.
NRW's minister for refugee affairs, Joachim Stamp, said Sami A. would likely remain in Germany, unless Tunisia assured that the ex-bodyguard will not be threatened with torture or death upon his return.
Germany's efforts to get these assurances have not yet yielded results.
Read more: Islamist recruiters in Germany 'go right for young people's hearts'
Security risk
Sami A., who first arrived in Germany in 1997 as a student, is alleged to have spent 1999 and 2000 in an Al-Qaida camp in Afghanistan, where he received military training while serving as one of bin Laden's bodyguards. He denies the charge and claims to have been studying in Karachi, Pakistan, during that time.
In 2006, Sami A. was investigated for alleged links to bin Laden's al-Qaida militant network, but he was not charged.
Sami A. continues to be classified as a security risk due to his past links to terrorism. He is required to report daily at a police station, German daily Bild said.
In its answer to the AfD inquiry, the NRW government confirmed that Sami A. gets €1,168 ($1,429) each month in welfare payments.
He lives with his wife and children, who have German citizenship.
ap/cmb (dpa)
Each evening at 1830 UTC, DW's editors send out a selection of the day's hard news and quality feature journalism. You can sign up to receive it directly here.
BARCELONA Barcelona came through a testing local derby at Espanyol, winning 3-0 to cling to their slender lead at the top of La Liga after rivals Real Madrid had set the challenge by beating Valencia 2-1 in the earlier kick-off.
Barça triumphed thanks to two clinical finishes from Luis Suarez and a strike from Ivan Rakitic following a vintage slalom run by Lionel Messi.
Suarez pounced on a disastrous backpass from Jose Manuel Jurado to break the deadlock in the 50th minute and Rakitic sealed the win in the 76th by side-footing home Messi's cutback after the Argentine had torn through the home defence.
Suarez, who had failed to score in his previous five games in all competitions, took advantage of another calamitous error by the otherwise impressive Espanyol backline and rifled in Barça's third from close range in the 87th minute.
The pressure was on Barça after Real Madrid had beaten Valencia 2-1 earlier in the day to provisionally lead the standings, and the champions got an early fright when Jurado eased into their area but fired wide of the far post.
Espanyol's good organisation then went to waste when Jurado gifted the ball to Suarez, who knocked it past former Real Madrid goalkeeper Diego Lopez with an effortless flick of the outside of his right boot to send the champions on their way.
"I think we deserved the win because we gave a serious performance," said Barça coach Luis Enrique. "We knew that in the second half their high pressing would allow us to create more up front. We wore out the opposition."
Barça top the standings on 81 points due to their superior head-to-head record over Real, who also have 81 and have a game in hand.
Marcelo came to Real Madrid's rescue four minutes after his side had conceded a potentially crucial Valencia equaliser, from Dani Parejo, that could have seriously dented their hopes of landing a first title since 2012.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored his first goal in five league games to put Real ahead in the 27th minute but in the second half had a penalty saved by Diego Alves, who turned away a league-record sixth spot kick of the campaign.
Valencia had given Real a scare when Santi Mina hit the woodwork in the opening minute and the visitors pulled level in the 82nd minute with a thumping free kick from Parejo, the former Real academy player, who had fouled Luka Modric for the penalty.
Marcelo promptly grabbed the winner, cutting inside from the left-hand side of the area and curling the ball under Alves with his right foot, as Real's title bid benefited from yet another crucial late goal.
"I can't explain how we keep on scoring late goals. All I know is it's exciting, it's beautiful," coach Zinedine Zidane told reporters.
Atletico Madrid warmed up for their Champions League semi-final first leg against Real by hammering Las Palmas 5-0 away with two goals from Kevin Gameiro and strikes from Saul Niguez, Thomas Partey and Fernando Torres.
It was not all plain sailing for Diego Simeone's side, however, as they lost Jose Gimenez to injury, adding to the absences of fellow defenders Juanfran and Sime Vrsaljko for Tuesday's short trip to the Santiago Bernabeu.
Granada's run of six consecutive seasons in La Liga ended following a 2-1 defeat at Real Sociedad, leaving Tony Adams's side 10 points adrift of safety with three games left. They join basement club Osasuna in the Segunda Division next season.
Levante sealed their return to the top flight 11 months after being relegated by beating Real Oviedo 1-0 at home.
(Editing by Pritha Sarkar, Clare Fallon and Neville Dalton)
April 28 Aves One Ag
* dgap-news: aves one ag: acquisitions form the basis of a marked improvement in revenues and profitability in the course of the ongoing 2017 financial year
* For current financial year, management board expects significantly higher group revenues
* For 2017 and 2018 financial years, expect an investment volume of more than eur 200 million
* Sharp increase in group sales revenues from 21.6 million euros in 2015 to 28.6 million euros in year under review
* Sees increase of asset volume to in excess of eur 1 billion. By year 2020
* Full consolidation of err and further asset purchases are to result in a higher sales and improved profitability in 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Stickers promoting the hate group have been posted all over Canberra.
Stickers promoting the hate group have been posted all over Canberra.
AN AUSTRALIAN Neo-Nazi hate group appears to be making a resurgence after a series of racist stickers were posted in Canberra's city centre in its name.
The stickers feature the Nazi swastika, as well as the words "Antipodean Resistance" and "21st century Hitler Youth".
Canberrans Dave McCarthy and Augustine Bamberry found and removed the stickers.
They posted images of them to social media on Friday to help spread awareness, encouraging others to take them down.
Dave was on his way to work when he noticed the sticker on the Canberra Museum and Gallery's entrance sign.
"I pulled it down, then 50 metres further on saw the same sticker stuck directly onto the Canberra Theatre Centre and also pulled it down," he told news.com.au.
"It's the first time I've seen something so blatantly like that in Canberra. I've seen patriot groups of a similar ilk come and go over the years, but to be flagging Nazism so prominently... never seen that."
Augustine went looking for the posters after he saw Dave's post.
"Later that afternoon, I went for a walk around the city to search for more so I could remove them," he told news.com.au. "I found five and made a post also asking people to remove them if they saw them as well."
Stickers promoting the hate group have been posted all over Canberra.
Since Friday, Augustine said he's seen and removed a bunch of other posters with his friends, in a number of places around the CBD.
In one instance, it appeared to be placed over a pro-marriage equality sticker on a pole.
"They were all stuck to poles around the city. Outside the Canberra Theatre, Ainslie Place, along City Walk, in Garema Place and other streets in the city," he said.
He said it was the first time he'd seen anything like this in progressive Canberra, and believes there may be more out there.
Friends warned people not to pull the posters down with bare hands, claiming the perpetrators can put razor blades behind them.
This was not the case on the stickers pulled down recently.
Augustine and his friends removed the posters from around the city centre.
Antipodean Resistance is a hate group that hails Hitler and opposes Jews, non-white people and the LGBTQ community.
It claims the world is "very sick" and describes itself as the "Hitlers you've been waiting for", and their website states their aim was to "provide an alternative for young Australians to the filth of modern society by setting a good example for people to live up to".
The cowardly members don't actually put their names to their posts - the group operates as a collective under the veil of anonymity.
The posters evoke Nazi imagery.
Last month, it was revealed that similar posters had been spread across Sydney.
In January, their hateful posters were seen around Charles Sturt University in Bathurst.
The posters bare anti-Semitic and homophobic slogans, often accompanied by violent images.
news.com.au has seen but chosen not to publish the more graphic posters.
Another Antipodean Resistance poster, which was posted at Charles Sturt University earlier.
But from a legal perspective, there are limitations on what can be done about it.
In 1989, Section 20D of the NSW Anti-Discrimination Act was introduced, which prohibited incitement to violence.
But since the law was put in place, there has not been one conviction for such behaviour.
Last November, the NSW Cabinet refuted an attempt by the Attorney-General Mark Speakman to bring in effective incitement laws.
Under the law presently, police would have to prove that an offender committed a crime because someone else told them to do it, making it difficult to take action against those who spread these posters around cities.
Speaking on 2GB last month, NSW Jewish Board of Deputies CEO Vic Alhadeff said more had to be done.
"It's disgraceful, it's horrific, it's unacceptable that anybody in this country in 2018 can publicall call for violence, death, murder against any group of fellow Australians," Mr Alhadeff said.
"The law in NSW effectively says, go for your lfie. Let's wait until something happens before we take action.
"The police cannot have their hands tied in that way."
BRIEF-Aap Implantate announces public share buyback offer
* TO PURCHASE UP TO 2.25 MILLION SHARES OF COMPANY BY MEANS OF VOLUNTARY PUBLIC SHARE BUYBACK OFFER AGAINST CASH PAYMENT OF EUR 1.52 PER NO-PAR VALUE SHARE FOR MAX TOTAL PURCHASE PRICE OF UP TO EUR 3.5 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
The state Supreme Court dealt the Legislature a major blow Thursday by ruling that it unconstitutionally passed the $1.50-per-pack cigarette fee during the final days of this year's session.
The legislation was the single largest revenue-raising measure in a package of bills and budget cuts that lawmakers accepted in order to close a $869 million budget shortfall.
Revenue from the fee was expected to raise $225 million, with $214 million of that amount eligible for appropriation, for the fiscal year budget that began July 1.
But that money now comes off the books. And Gov. Mary Fallin and the Legislature will now face some tough decisions as they decide how to respond.
Here are some of the options that lawmakers could consider during the coming days and weeks.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 12 General Motors Co :
* GM statement in response to Greenlight Capital's preliminary proxy filing
* General Motors says "has reviewed the preliminary proxy materials filed by Greenlight Capital, our evaluation of the overall proposal remains unchanged"
* General Motors says co presented Greenlight's dividend share idea to the rating agencies "fully and fairly" Source text - bit.ly/2p7Twkm Further company coverage:
* Britain triggers Article 50 to exit EU
* Vertex jumps on success of cystic fibrosis treatment
* Dow down 0.16 pct, S&P down 0.09 pct, Nasdaq up 0.09 pct (Updates to open)
By Yashaswini Swamynathan
March 29 U.S. stocks were little changed on Wednesday as investors awaited comments from a host of Federal Reserve officials for clues on the number of interest rate hikes this year.
Chicago Fed President Charles Evans, who has consistently been dovish on interest rates, said he supported one or two more hikes this year as the U.S. economy improves.
Boston President Eric Rosengren and his San Francisco counterpart, John Williams, are due to speak later in the day.
Investors also appeared to remain on the sidelines, expecting some uncertainty after Britain started a process to exit the European Union.
Nine months after Britons voted to leave, British Prime Minister Theresa May notified EU Council President Donald Tusk in a letter that the UK is quitting the bloc it joined in 1973.
The dollar rose on the Brexit development, building on gains from a day earlier, while prices of safe-haven gold also moved higher on uncertainty regarding trade policies between the EU and Britain.
Wall Street showcased an impressive recovery on Tuesday, with the Dow snapping an eight-day losing streak after robust consumer data pointed to the strength in the U.S. economy and eased jitters about the impact of a failed healthcare bill.
"The markets are tranquil after yesterday's new burst of confidence rally forced shorts to cover," Cardillo wrote.
At 9:41 a.m. EDT the Dow Jones industrial average was down 32.26 points, or 0.16 percent, at 20,669.24, the S&P 500 was down 2.21 points, or 0.09 percent, at 2,356.36 and the Nasdaq Composite was up 5.27 points, or 0.09 percent, at 5,880.41.
Six of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors were lower, with utilities taking the biggest blow.
Berkshire Hathaway was the top drag on the S&P, while Goldman Sachs pulled down the Dow.
Vertex Pharmaceuticals, jumped nearly 22 percent to $109.65 after its cystic fibrosis treatment succeeded in a late-stage trial.
Luxury furniture retailer RH was up 11.3 percent at $42.41 following a quarterly profit that beat analysts' expectations.
Chipmaker Exar Corp was up 22 percent at $12.95 following a deal to be bought by Maxlinear for about $700 million.
Declining issues outnumbered advancers on the NYSE by 1,483 to 1,121. On the Nasdaq, 1,273 issues fell and 992 advanced.
The S&P 500 index showed eight 52-week highs and one low, while the Nasdaq recorded 27 highs and 11 lows. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva)
A man walks along a street in an area controlled by Iraqi forces fighting the Islamic State in western Mosul, Iraq, April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Andres Martinez Casares
A member of the Iraqi Federal Police takes his rifle to hang it on his shoulder in an area controlled by Iraqi forces fighting the Islamic State in western Mosul, Iraq, April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Andres Martinez Casares
A displaced Iraqi man sits on the ruins of a destroyed building outside Hammam al-Alil camp, south of Mosul, Iraq. REUTERS/Marko Djurica
Two ballistic helmets hang on a trolley in an area controlled by Iraqi forces fighting the Islamic State in western Mosul, Iraq, April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Andres Martinez Casares
ERBIL, Iraq Iraqi forces are making progress in their offensive to expel Islamic State from Mosul but face a "very complicated" urban battle as the militants hide in mosques, homes and hospitals, a U.S. general told Reuters on Wednesday.
Government forces have retaken much of Iraq's second-largest city since January but have been trying since then to dislodge the Sunni Muslim militants from the densely populated Old City in western Mosul, their last Iraqi stronghold.
"Iraqi security forces continue to progress as they liberate the western side of Mosul," U.S. Army Major General Joseph Martin, head of ground forces for the U.S.-led coalition fighting Islamic State, said by telephone.
He declined to say whether the militants would be defeated rather within weeks or months, saying: "It's hard to tell because the terrain changes literally every day."
Martin said Iraqi forces had surrounded Islamic State positions but it was not always possible to move vehicles into all parts of the Old City with its narrow streets.
"Some days like yesterday (there was) significant amount of progress, other days there is not much progress but progress nevertheless," he said.
Iraqi officers have said snipers have slowed them down in western Mosul in the biggest ground operation in Iraq since the 2003 U.S.-led invasion that toppled Saddam Hussein.
"It's very complicated," Martin said. "The terrain literally changes from neighbourhood to neighbourhood ... the nature of the enemy, how the population reacts."
He also said coalition forces continued to provide air support for Iraqi forces despite an explosion that followed an air strike that was believed to have killed scores of civilians on March 17.
The U.S. military has said a U.S.-led coalition strike had hit an Islamic State-held area where residents and officials say as many as 200 civilians may have been killed.
"Nothing has changed in terms of air support. It's been consistent," he said.
He declined to discuss any involvement of the coalition in the explosion but said Islamic State was "very creative in exploiting the human element" by using hospitals, schools, churches, homes and mosques as hideouts or weapons caches.
Some 400,000 people are believed to have been trapped in western Mosul with U.N. camps filling up with people fleeing the violence.
Daily suicide attacks and roadside bombs, along with snipers and mortars, have been the most lethal Islamic State tactics in resisting the 100,000-strong Iraqi force.
"It's clear that their (Islamic State) competence, their cohesion and their effectiveness continues to wane over time," he said.
But he said the militants would fight to the end and there were no signs they would run out of ammunition anytime soon after preparing for the battle for two and half years.
"Don't underestimate the ammunition," he said. "But the outcome is very, very clear. They are going lose and the Iraqis will win."
(Editing by Alison Williams)
A troubled teenage girl who is not mentally ill but whose behaviour is considered a serious risk to herself and others must remain in an adult psychiatric unit because an appropriate place has yet to be identified for her, the president of the High Court has ordered.
The girl, in care since she was a young child, has a history of self-harm and her court-appointed guardian said she believed she is at risk of death or injury if not securely detained.
Mr Justice Peter Kelly said all involved in the girl's care accept the psychiatric unit placement is inappropriate but, as of now, it was the least inappropriate option. A better solution must be found quickly, he urged.
In the interim, the judge directed the girl's continued detention for administration of such treatment as considered necessary in her best interests. That includes permitting doctors to sedate her if necessary, including with anti-psychotic medication, to control her behaviour.
A consultant involved in the girl's care had said she had ethical difficulties in administering such medication but considered it necessary, the judge noted.
He added the girl's own views had, through her guardian and a letter from the girl, been made known to him and he had taken those into account and wanted to assure her the measures being taken were considered in her best interests.
An application concerning whether the girl should be made a ward of court will be considered next week, he directed.
All the professionals involved in the girl's care agree she requires secure care in an appropriate setting but no place had been identified so far, either here or in England.
In those circumstances, the girl's guardian told the judge on Friday, while the psychiatric unit is “totally inappropriate”, she considered the girl should be detained there for another week as keeping her secure was essential.
During that time, there must be “huge efforts” by the Child and Family Agency to identify or design an appropriate secure placement and a place in the UK should be a “last option”.
While the HSE has plans to close a particular secure unit, that remains open at present and that option might be explored, the girl's guardian suggested.
As of now, the girl is number five on a list of children waiting for secure care beds, she said.
Unlocked unit
Another option was to ultimately return the girl to a therapeutic but unlocked unit where she had done well for a number of years but any such return would have to be on the basis of appropriate supports being provided to ensure her security, the court heard.
The girl liked that unit and considered it her “home” and had been “delighted”, when the guardian saw her this week, to be asked what her own wishes were for her care, she said. The girl had demonstrated insight and said she would use the counselling and other services available to her.
The girl had done well in the open unit for a number of years but, after a serious deterioration in her behaviour and self-harming incidents, she was moved to a paediatric unit last month.
Due to her behaviour in that unit, an emergency application was made to the High Court last week for her to be moved from it due to serious concerns that her behaviour presented a risk to infants, staff and herself.
Based on that and other evidence, the judge moved her to the adult psychiatric unit where, he was told on Friday, her behaviour appears to have stabilised for now. The unit is considered very inappropriate but it at least keeps her safe, he was told.
A woman in suburban New York has gone on a racist tirade on a bus, attacking “illegal immigrants”. Picture: YouTube
A woman in suburban New York has gone on a racist tirade on a bus, attacking “illegal immigrants”. Picture: YouTube
A NEW YORK woman was caught on camera going on a racist rant - spewing off the N-word at passengers on a local bus.
"I hope you all got your motherf**king papers," the unidentified woman yells to Transport of Rockland passengers on Saturday, according to video that rider Zoe Mac posted on Facebook, the NY Post has reported.
"I'm sick of you motherf**kers! You got papers to be in this country?" she says, standing toward the back of the bus and holding on to a pole.
Mr Mac said he was heading home from work when the belligerent passenger unleashed her tirade on him and others.
"Ignorance at its finest … racism never died and this is what people like me and who can relate go through…," he captioned the video.
In another clip of the verbal assault, the unhinged woman yells, "F**k you and your n****r f**king people!"
A woman unleashes a tirade of racist invective on a suburban New York bus. Picture: YouTube
And in yet a different video, the combative commuter tells someone to "go back to your f** king country."
As the target of her tirade asks her to please stop, she gets up again and says: "First of all, in this country, we have what's called the First Amendment right," before becoming enraged when she notices Mr Mac filming her and proceeds to knock his phone out of his hand.
"Stop! Stop! Do not hit anybody!" the other passengers yell, as a slap can be heard off camera.
Someone else pleads with an unidentified person to "grab your mother, that is your mother, please grab her," before a man can be seen dragging her back to her seat.
"More footage of me being discriminated on, she even did it to the bus driver," Mr Mac wrote in the caption.
Another passenger, Vladimir Philidore, said the woman became unglued for no apparent reason and confirmed that she directed her ire at the bus driver first, before turning on the passengers.
The woman defended her rant under the First Amendment, which protects freedom of speech. Picture: YouTube
"She's just going at the mouth, with the racial slurs. The N-words," Mr Philidore told Westchester's News12.
"Some people were scared, especially the elderly people," he added to PIX11.
The bus driver called the authorities and the local police arrested the woman.
Police, who did not release the woman's name because she was only charged with violations, said they also had to deal with her earlier in the day for the same type of vile conduct, according to the Mount Pleasant Daily Voice.
"Yesterday some unhinged racist went on a mini-rampage of sorts on Transport of Rockland bus as it was passing through Orangetown, creating a disturbance by physically and verbally attacking passengers and the bus driver," wrote Orangetown town Supervisor Chris Day in Facebook post.
When she realised that she was being filmed, the woman got up and slapped the phone out of the passenger's hand. Picture: YouTube
"Her behaviour is forever enshrined on the internet among the great idiots of our time," he added.
"I hope she learns a lesson in appropriate behaviour and tolerance from the experience as she is recognised on the street as 'crazy racist lady from the bus' for the next several years of her life."
This article was first published in the NY Post and is republished with permission.
* PREVIOUS TRADING SESSION MOVES:
* SSEC +0.4 pct, CSI300 +0.6 pct, HSI -0.8 pct
* Shanghai, Shenzhen-HK connects shut for holiday on Mon, Tue
* CNY official close 6.8835 per dollar
* FTSE China A50 +0.6 pct, BNY Mellon ADR China Select Index -0.2 pct
SHANGHAI, April 5 Following is a list of recent corporate and policy announcements, as well as other news that might affect Chinese financial markets. Policy, government, sector news:
* China c.bank says economy stable but complexities "cannot be underestimated"
* Property agents shut, buyers still hunt as China plans new economic zone
* China approves 7 new free trade zones in bid to open economy
* ANALYSIS-Beijing's 'shock' measures seize property market, other cities follow suit
* China hints at high-yield bond crackdown - IFR News
* China to lower maximum order limit for stock index futures, treasury futures
* Ports in China have enough iron ore to build 13,000 Eiffel Towers
* China steps up Americas oil imports, Unipec backs "new frontier"
* China approves 10 IPOs on Friday to raise up to 5.9 bln yuan Data:
* China March factory activity expands but at slower pace-Caixin PMI
* China c.bank injects $89.9 bln of liquidity in March, up sharply from Feb
* China QFII quota rises to $90.26 bln at end-March
* China outstanding foreign debt falls to $1.42 trln at end-2016
* China central bank FX derivatives' short position shrinks to $33.8 bln in Feb
* China state builders dominate PPP projects, sign $85 bln in contracts
Company moves: (Unless otherwise specified, pct change is for y/y)
In focus
* "Innovative financing" sours dairy giant in China's rural northeast
* After squeeze in 2016, China's top banks set for stronger growth
* Questions over Vanke's strategy after Shenzhen govt stakes claim
* ChemChina, Syngenta win U.S. antitrust approval for deal
* Chinese broker Guotai Junan raises $2.1 bln in HK offering-source
* CNOOC ties up with Australia's FAR to hunt for oil, gas off West Africa
Earnings/Performance
* Bank of China not optimistic about 2017 after profit drop
* Huawei posts flat profit growth amid tough battle with rivals
* Gemdale's 2016 net profit up 96.9 pct
* Yanzhou Coal 2016 net profit up 140.2 pct, other moves
* Zhejiang Huayou Cobalt returns to profit in 2016, other moves
* Faw Car swings to net loss in 2016, other moves
* Shenzhen Zhongjin Lingnan Nonfemet's 2016 net profit up 60.9 pct
* Lepu Medical Technology sees Q1 net profit up 30-40 pct
* Zhangzhou Pientzehuang Pharma sees Q1 net profit up 50-60 pct
* DHC Software sees Q1 FY 2017 net profit to up 160-210 pct Other moves (spin-offs, divestitures, deals)
* China's TCL to invest $5 bln in a display panel production facility
* Beijing Oriental Yuhong Waterproof to invest 2.1 bln yuan in material project (Compiled by Luoyan Liu)
Steven Santini scored in his Binghamton Devils debut but the visiting Belleville Senators left with a 3-2 shootout victory in front of 3,640 fans at Floyd L. Maines Veterans Memorial Arena on Friday night.
Steven Santini made an immediate impact to give the Devils a 1-0 lead 14:00 into the game. Santini took Bracken Kearns' pass and sent a shot on net that beat goaltender Danny Taylor for the one-goal lead. The goal was Santini's first of the year assisted by Kearns and Tim Kennedy.
Belleville responded on the power play late in the first. Ben Harpur fired a shot on net that Nick Paul deflected by goaltender Eddie Lack to tie the game. The goal was Paul's fourth of the year at 15:37 with helpers from Harpur and Filip Chlapik. The game was even at one after one period with the Devils holding a 15-11 shot advantage.
Jacob MacDonald put the Devils back out front on the power play in the second period. MacDonald punched in a loose puck at the top of the crease with assists from Jimmy Hayes and Kearns. The goal was MacDonald's 13th of the year and team-leading 33rd point for the 2-1 advantage at 14:29. MacDonald also leads American Hockey League defensemen with eight power-play tallies. Binghamton took a one-goal lead into the final frame.
Ethan Werek tied the game for the Senators early in the third period as he sent a shot through traffic and by Lack for his first of the year. Werek's goal was unassisted at 3:02 and eventually forced overtime.
After no scoring in overtime, Ethan Werek ended the shootout with a fourth-round goal and a Taylor save on Kevin Rooney for the 3-2 win.
The Binghamton Devils return home tomorrow night against the Rochester Americans at 7:05 p.m. It's the annual Broome Sports Foundation Memorabilia Auction and bring your own skates for a FREE skate with the Devils after the game! For more information, call the Devils' front office at 607-722-7367 for more information.
For more information, including pricing, benefits, and much more, visit the Devils website at binghamtondevils.com or call the Devils front office at 607-722-7367.
BRIEF-Jiayuan International Group updates on contracted sales for Month of May
* For period from 1 May 2017 to 31 May 2017 contracted sales of group was approximately RMB699.0 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Cleveland Indians starting pitcher Corey Kluber delivers in the first inning of a baseball game against the Chicago White Sox, Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Cleveland. Tony Dejak AP Photo
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
[BizHawk is published weekly, and includes items of interest to the business community. Share your business news, including employee announcements and personnel moves, by emailing [email protected].]
Santa Maria saw the opening of its second Walmart Neighborhood Market this week at 500 S. Blosser Road.
The store, which created about 80 new jobs, is approximately one-quarter the size of a Walmart Supercenter and is open 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
The store's inside was unveiled Wednesday after a brief ribbon-cutting ceremony.
“The opening of the Walmart Neighborhood Market on Blosser Road will provide groceries, fresh fruits and vegetables to families living in the surrounding communities,” Santa Maria Mayor Alice Patino said. “I look forward to continuing our partnership with Walmart and working with Walmart to strengthen our economy and community.”
The Santa Maria store was one of 17 Walmarts opening in communities nationwide on Wednesday. The city's first Walmart Neighborhood Market is at 2240 South Bradley Road, and a Walmart Supercenter store is located nearby at 2220 S. Bradley Road.
AmeriFlex Celebrates Silver Anniversary
South Coast-based AmeriFlex Financial Services is marking its silver anniversary by addressing the need for financial advice for women.
After 25 years of being a leading provider of financial advice, AmeriFlex, located at 3700 State St., Suite 310, has launched a new Ameriflex Woman Investor program designed for business owners, executives and busy families.
The AmeriFlex Woman Investor program provides financial empowerment; collaboration between spouses and trusted advisors; and the ability to establish goals to address family financial security.
“We endeavor to offer the highest level of customer satisfaction in the financial services industry,” said Bibi Taylor, AmeriFlex financial advisor. “We focus on responsiveness to our clients' needs. We believe our clients are best served by the holistic approach to professional integration of various financial disciplines.”
Local Law Firm Hires Jillian Morphis
Northrup Schlueter APLC, a full-service law firm based in Santa Barbara and Westlake Village, has hired Jillian Morphis as an associate.
Morphis will focus on construction defect litigation, representing general contractors, subcontractors and builders in all aspects of litigation.
She received her law degree from Pepperdine University School of Law and earned a certificate in dispute resolution from the Straus Institute at the Pepperdine Law School. In addition, she received her MBA from San Diego State University and her bachelor's degree in business administration, summa cum laude, from CSU San Marcos.
“Farm Friendly Dining” Program Launches
The Santa Barbara Certified Farmers Market Association has launched a “Farm Friendly Dining” Certification Program to highlight local food establishments that support local farmers markets.
To qualify for the program, certified restaurants must demonstrate that 25 percent or more of their establishments' total monthly food expenditures come from SBCFMA and other approved local vendors, including the Santa Barbara Fish Market and Harvest Santa Barbara.
Qualifying restaurants receive a window decal and framed certificate acknowledging their participation as well as marketing and publicity from SBCFMA.
Developed by LoaCom in conjunction with SBCFMA, the program is designed to stimulate the local economy by encouraging consumers to eat at restaurants who source their food from regional farmers.
Lesa Caputo to Present at Luncheon
Beneflex Insurance Services Inc. has announced that benefits adviser Lesa Caputo will again present to the Santa Barbara Human Resources Association at next Wednesday's luncheon meeting at the Holiday Inn, 5650 Calle Real in Goleta.
Her presentation is intended to help employers understand obligations under the health-care law.
Caputo is a benefits adviser for Beneflex Insurance Services Inc., a premier employee benefits broker and advisory firm. She joined Beneflex in 2010 after 13 years of service with Brown & Brown Insurance of Santa Barbara, where she was a senior producer and department manager for the Employee Benefits Division.
— Noozhawk staff writer Gina Potthoff can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Aloha! Michelle from Alice Promotions again!
So, I've been telling you all about the resort parts of Aulani Resort, but it's time for a deep dive on the Spa. Normally, I wouldn't describe myself as a “spa person” (aka – I have zero chill). That all changed this morning. I decided to be super indulgent and book a massage at Aulani Resort's Lanawai spa (the ultimate #TreatYoSelf moment).
Not only is the spa itself over the top beautiful, it smelled incredible. I seriously want to bottle the scent of Lanawai and walk around in a cloud of it for the rest of my life. First, I spent some time in their outdoor hydrotherapy garden – soaking in pools, trying out different rain showers, walking on the reflexology path (come on!) and THEN it was time for my actual massage. I was already in heaven and the best part hadn't even started yet! I went for the Lomilomi massage, which is their signature (always order the house special, right?) and now I wish I could start every Tuesday morning with one. Shout out to Patricia – she rocked that massage.
Now, I'm all blissed out and smell like a coconut for day two of Jayn's broadcast! One of the best parts of the broadcast is all of the Disney cast members we get to meet, and learn even more about what's going on at Aulani Resort!
After the broadcast, I think I'm gonna pop into Rainbow Reef to snorkel and get face to face with some fish, and then some serious lazy river action is in order. I might even finally brave the waterslide!
WASHINGTON -- The special counsel overseeing the investigation into Russian election meddling and any ties between Russia and the Trump campaign is reviewing whether President Trump tried to obstruct justice, according to a report published Wednesday night in The Washington Post that cited unnamed officials.
Special Counsel Robert Mueller is looking into Mr. Trump's words and conduct in the events of recent weeks, marking a stark shift in the investigation that initially was supposed to focus on Russian influence and any connections to the Trump campaign, but not necessarily Mr. Trump himself, the report said.
Sir, – The prohibition by a cardinal of Mary McAleese from speaking at a conference prompts the question of why Mrs McAleese allowed herself to be placed in a position where she could be vetoed (“McAleese barred by cardinal from Vatican conference on women”, News, February 2nd).
Public speakers, and especially those such as ex-presidents, should be highly selective when agreeing to speak at conferences, and should only agree to speak after extensive research of the aims, ethos and governance of the conference organisers.
Equally, conference organisers should be aware that a snub given to an ex-president of Ireland is a snub to the people and to the State of Ireland. – Yours, etc,
MARY MORRISSEY,
Castletownbere,
Co Cork.
Sir, – We should not be surprised at the Vatican's barring of Dr Mary McAleese from participating in a conference marking international Women's Day in the Vatican.The church's begrudging and belated acceptance of humane cultural development and scientific advancement has relegated it to the sidelines in society. Worse still, its fundamental option to defend the institution at all costs has led it to utilise its power structures to stifle debate and silence opposition and in the process to abandon its primary humane, religious and spiritual mission in the world. – Yours, etc,
Dr SHAY KELLY,
Stillorgan,
Co Dublin.
Sir, – How sad to learn that the latest institution to embrace the “Shut up, ladies” approach is the Vatican.
There are snowflakes in high places. What are they afraid of? – Yours, etc,
MARY BYRNE,
Bray,
Co Wicklow.
NEW YORK (AP) " Kim Kardashian West takes her status as a role model seriously, and says part of that is owning up to her past mistakes and not letting online hatred distract her from her goals.
The reality show star spoke to The Associated Press Tuesday before taking the stage as one of the keynote speakers at the annual Forbes Women's Summit. Her wide-ranging conversations touched on how hurtful comments affect her, her still-growing brand, how the robbery in Paris has changed her life and husband Kanye West's photographic ability, or lack thereof.
Kardashian West told the AP she is aware of her detractors, but said she has a bigger message of positivity to share.
"I obviously have made my fair share of mistakes like everyone else, but I hope to never repeat those mistakes, and just learn from what I've done," she said. "So if people, or young girls, or kids can look up to just someone that works really hard, and focuses on really what I want, and makes that happen, then you know I hope that inspires them."
Advertisement
Earlier in the day, Kardashian West added to that brand as announced the launch of her beauty line KKW. Forbes just released its 2017 list ranking the world's highest-paid celebrities and Kardashian came in at number 47 with $45.5 million.
Kardashian West has a combined 180 million followers on Instagram, Twitter, and Facebook, and has mastered each platform for maximum exposure for her overall brand, something she attributes to a simple rule.
"The most important thing is being authentic, and listening," she said.
With that many followers, Kardashian West said she knows there's going to be a certain level of negative comments, which of course bother her.
"Absolutely it affects me... there could be one or two negative comments that really do affect you, and get to you," she said. "You know I'm human just like everyone else. Like things do hurt my feelings, but I think that I do have a really thick skin."
She is more concerned that people, young and old, are victims of the same online bullying tactics.
"They have this keyboard courage that no one will see them and they will just write whatever and hurt your feelings," she said. "I know I can handle it, but I just fear for " I do see why young kids and people and teenagers, even get ... so hurt and bothered. That is what really bothers me."
In some instances, Kardashian West has turned the online hatred into fuel for her posts. She responded to backlash of her appearing on the cover of Forbes magazine last year with a self-deprecating tweet.
"We've built this brand, and I'm so proud of it," she said. "For everyone saying I have no talent, you know, I think I wrote, 'Not bad for a girl with no talent.'"
She credited her father, Robert Kardashian, with building bonds that allows her to draw strength from her family to deal with online negativity.
"We've always been a close family, but I think with everything that we go through, I think it brings us closer and closer," she said. "We're the only ones that really understand what it's like. You can report about it, you can talk about, but no one has really been through it, unless you are going through it with us. And luckily, we have each other. I don't know where most of us would be if we didn't have each other to vent to, to lean on, so I think we've been really blessed with a big family that all have the same core values."
"Keeping Up With the Kardashians" has exposed the private side of family struggles into the public forum, including her former brother-in-law Lamar Odom's addiction struggles, her brother Rob's issues with weight and depression, and sister Kourtney's tenuous relationship with Scott Disick. Then there's family tension after revelations in Caitlyn Jenner's book, where Kim came to her mother Kris Jenner's defense.
No struggle has shaken Kardashian West more than last year's Paris robbery where she was held at gunpoint. Thieves got away with more than $10 million dollars in jewelry after learning of her moves on social media. She admits that experience changed her life. Now she doesn't post pictures until she's returned from the event.
She hasn't necessarily transferred her social media acumen to her husband, rapper Kanye West.
She joked with Forbes Media CEO Steve Forbes during his onstage interview that she tried to enlist West to help take photos of their recent trip to Japan to share online.
"It was such a mess," she said. "He was just not the best photographer."
___
Follow John Carucci on Twitter at http://twitter.com/jacarucci
By Chinonso Alozie, Owerri
Imo state governor, Rochas Okorocha, Monday, declared that 95 percent of members of the Catholic Church in the state, will vote for his choice for 2019 gubernatorial election.
Okorocha boosted in a statement to newsmen in Owerri, by his Chief Press Secretary, Mr. Sam Onwuemeodo.
He also said that he has not offended the Catholic Archbishop of Owerri, Anthony J. V Obinna, as reported.
He added that 95 percent of members of Owerri Catholic Diocese are his strong supporters, including the Elder brother to Archbishop, Mr. Paddy Obinna.
According to the release, “In 2019, no doubt, the members of the Diocese will also vote for the governor's choice for the governorship because they know the truth of this whole story.
“They know that the governor has never in any way offended the Archbishop or the Diocese.”
Okorocha recalled that, “In 2011 and 2015 respectively, Governor Okorocha and his Party APC won overwhelmingly in Owerri Municipal where most members of Owerri Catholic Diocese reside.
“And more than 95 percent of members of the Diocese including the Archbishop's Senior brother and a frontline Politician in the State, Sir Paddy Obinna have remained as we write, strong supporters of the governor and the Rescue Mission administration.”
The release adedd that, “We also want to use this opportunity to appeal to THE LEADER newspaper owned by the Diocese to stop damaging the reputation of the Archbishop by publishing falsehood and blackmails as if it is an opposition medium.”
HSBC Malaysia to invest $250 mln to build HQ in TRX financial district
KUALA LUMPUR, June 15 HSBC's Malaysian subsidiary said it would invest $250 million to acquire land and build its headquarters at the Tun Razak Exchange (TRX) financial district.
Galway 2-18 Laois 0-17
Two first-half goals from Conor Whelan proved crucial as All-Ireland champions Galway did just enough to see off the brave challenge of Laois in O'Moore Park.
For the second week in a row, Galway were sluggish and following on from last week's unimpressive win over Antrim, they were put to the pin of their collar by Laois for long stages.
The home side, inspired by captain Ross King who hit 12 points, put on a fine display and could point to the controversial sending off of James Ryan just before half-time as a huge moment in the match.
Ryan picked up a second yellow in the same off-the-ball incident that saw Galway's Greg Lally sent off - but he furiously protested his innocence amid claims of mistaken identity.
Whelan's second goal moments later helped the visitors to a 2-6 to 0-10 half-time lead that they scarcely deserved.
A string of King frees had Laois level by the 45th minute but Galway had that greater scoring power that proved crucial and a run of scores from Conor Cooney, Joe Cooney, Padraig Mannion, Sean Linnane, Aidan Harte and Whelan was enough to help them maintain their winning start.
Laois: E Rowland (0-1,f); D Hartnett, L Bergin, L Cleere; P Lawlor, M Whelan, E Killeen (0-1); P Purcell, J Ryan; A Corby, B Conroy, C Taylor; R King (0-12, 7f, 1'65), N Foyle, W Dunphy (0-2). Subs: J Keyes for Corby (h/t), S Downey for Taylor (h/t), M Kavanagh (0-1) for Conroy (52 mins), P McCane for Foyle (56), J Phelan for Cleere (67)
Galway: J Skehill; A Tuohy, J Hanbury, S Bannon; G Lally, P Mannion (0-3, 2f), A Harte (0-4, 1f); J Coen (0-1), P Breheny (0-1); S Linnane (0-1), J Cooney (0-3), C Mannion; C Whelan (2-1), C Cooney (0-3, 1f), D Glennon (0-1). Subs: B Concannon for C Mannion (50 mins), N Burke for C Cooney (59), S Cooney for Linnane (60)
Referee: P Murphy (Carlow)
French automaker PSA announced Tuesday it had sold over a million vehicles in the first quarter of 2018, leading to a revenue jump of 42 percent year on year, with the company's turnover coming in at €18.2 billion ($22.2 billion) for the January-March period.
The Opel-Vauxhall group which PSA took over in mid-2017 accounted for roughly €5 billion of PSA's overall revenue.
In Germany, there's been rising criticism of the PSA management's policy toward Opel, with negotiations on a viable restructuring plan for the Opel sites at Eisenach, Rüsselsheim and Kaiserslautern not having yielded any results yet.
Following a staff meeting at the Eisenach plant in the German state of Thuringia, employees on Tuesday organized a rally in protest at what they say is PSA's unwillingness to stick to earlier pledges concerning the safeguarding of jobs and wages.
Watch video 02:24 Share Opel CEO lays out company's future in rescue plan Send Facebook Google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink http://p.dw.com/p/2nNE9 Opel CEO lays out company's future in rescue plan (2017)
Walkout at Eisenach plant
Hundreds of German Opel workers gathered outside the carmaker's Eisenach plant against PSA's plans to rein in wages in return for new production investments. The protest underlined the deepening dispute between the French carmaker and staff at loss-making Opel, acquired from General Motors last year. The carmaker is already cutting thousands of jobs through voluntary departures.
More contentious is the company's demand that its 19,000 German workers give up a 4.3 percent pay rise negotiated nationally by the IG Metall union before it commits to a first production investment at Eisenach.
"If there were reasonable negotiations ... then we'd be prepared to talk about reasonable concessions," Opel works council chief Wolfgang Schaefer-Klug told reporters. "What we won't do is to waste our good money on this company only to see a gradual exit from Germany."
PSA boss digs in
The protest, attended by an estimated 1,000 workers, coincided with PSA's annual shareholder meeting, where investors approved Chief Executive Carlos Tavares' 2017 pay — including a €1 million ($1.2 million) bonus for the Opel acquisition. Tavares told shareholders at the meeting near Paris that he was not expecting a swift resolution to the standoff.
"It's going to take a few more weeks," the CEO said. "Don't be surprised if it makes a bit more noise. This is a part of what needs to be done to get the company back on the rails." Tavares reiterated mid-term goals for Opel-Vauxhall as well as its Peugeot, Citroen and DS brands.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel last week weighed in to demand that Tavares honour commitments to avoid plant closures or forced redundancies that were given before the acquisition. The state premier of Thuringia — the regional state where the Eisenach plant is situated — welcomed Merkel's remarks.
"I'm very grateful that the Chancellor made clear to the French side that a company in which the French state is involved cannot ignore German labour law," Bodo Ramelow said. The French government, whose bpiFrance sovereign wealth fund owns 12.2 percent of PSA, has so far stayed out of the dispute.
Opel CEO soothes nerves
Opel's new CEO Michael Lohscheller said the company was still willing to invest in its German production sites, including Eisenach, where the Corsa and Adam brands are currently produced.
Lohscheller said that the production of a new SUV could start at the plant as early as the first half of 2019, with a hybrid version of the same SUV to follow as of 2020. He insisted that earlier reports on the planned closure of the Eisenach and Kaiserslautern sites were pure fiction.
What is true, though, is that Opel has been under enormous pressure from parent company PSA to slash its costs drastically and return to profitability.
Watch video 01:38 Share Opel finding its PACE Send Facebook Google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink http://p.dw.com/p/2nLkv Opel finding its PACE
hg/aos/uhe (dpa, AFP, Reuters)
U.S. President Donald Trump delivers remarks at the National Rifle Association (NRA) Leadership Forum at the Georgia World Congress Center in Atlanta, Georgia, U.S., April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst
FILE PHOTO: The headquarters of the World Trade Organization (WTO) are pictured in Geneva, Switzerland, April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Denis Balibouse/File Photo
WASHINGTON President Donald Trump will sign an executive order on Saturday seeking to identify any problems caused by the nation's existing trade agreements, including an examination of U.S. involvement in the World Trade Organization, a top trade official said.
Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said his department would work to issue a report in 180 days outlining challenges with these trade deals and possible solutions.
Ross singled out the World Trade Organization as an entity that may need to make some changes, although he cautioned that the administration had not made any decisions yet.
"There's always the potential for amending organization's charters like the WTO, particularly when you're in the position we are," he said. "We're the number one importer in the whole world."
Ross raised concerns that the WTO is too bureaucratic and does not hold meetings often enough. He also argued that the WTO has an "institutional bias" in favor of exporters and against countries that are being "beleaguered by inappropriate imports."
Remaking U.S. trade relations has been a top priority for Trump, who has argued that the United States has been treated unfairly in international trade.
Trump said on Thursday that he had been prepared to terminate the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) with Canada and Mexico, but backed off after calls from the leaders of those two countries.
The effects of NAFTA on the U.S. economy will also be examined in the new study.
Last month, Trump also issued an order calling for a major review of the causes of all U.S. trade deficits.
(Reporting by Ayesha Rascoe; Editing by Jonathan Oatis)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Flag-carrier Philippine Airlines said on Friday that it has paid in full its P6-billion debt to the Civil Aviation Authority of the Philippines (CAAP) and the Manila International Airport Authority (MIAA).
Advertisements
“The DOTr has accepted the offer of PAL to pay in full the P6 billion claims of the CAAP/MIAA, and PAL commits to keep all transactions updated and current with the CAAP/MIAA,” the flag carrier said in a statement, referring to the Department of Transportation.
Two weeks ago, President Rodrigo Duterte warned tycoon Lucio Tan to settle its liabilities or the Ninoy Aquino International Airport Terminal 2 will be shut down.
PAL has been using the Terminal 2 exclusively since 1999.
AIKEN COUNTY, S.C. (WJBF) – According to Aiken County Dispatchers and the South Carolina Highway Patrol, there was a single vehicle accident with injuries on I-20 westbound at mile marker 18.
As of now, we do not have the extent of the injuries or how many were involved.
The Aiken County Coroner has not been contacted at this time.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump and French President Emmanuel Macron spoke by phone on Saturday and agreed to work together on a crisis on the Korean Peninsula, the White House said in a statement.
"They discussed the need to confront the increasingly dangerous situation associated with North Korea's destabilising and escalatory behaviour," the White House said in a statement.
In recent days, Trump and the North Korean regime have engaged in heated rhetoric about the Asian nation's nuclear weapons program.
* Crystal Palace's Christian Benteke handed Liverpool 2-1 loss
* Liverpool suffered a second home league defeat of the season
* Philippe Coutinho had put the hosts ahead with direct free kick
* Benteke equalised against his former club before halftime
* Belgian striker headed Palace in front late on at Anfield
* Juergen Klopp's Liverpool stay third, five points behind Spurs
* Liverpool at Watford on May 1; Palace host Tottenham on Wednesday (Adds detail, quotes) LIVERPOOL 1 CRYSTAL PALACE 2
April 23 (Reuters)- Two goals by Crystal Palace forward Christian Benteke, who Liverpool sold to their opponents earlier this season, cost the hosts the chance to put pressure on the Premier League's top two with a rare home defeat on Sunday.
Benteke struck late in each half to seal the points and ease the pressure on lowly Palace after Philippe Coutinho had put Liverpool ahead in the 24th minute with a direct free kick.
The home side dominated but conceded an equaliser just before halftime when Benteke, sold by Juergen Klopp in August, scored from a cross by Yohan Cabaye. In the 74th minute the Belgian stooped to head in a corner and win the game.
Klopp's team stay third but are five points behind second-placed Tottenham Hotspur having played two games more. More worryingly, Manchester City and United are respectively two and three points behind Liverpool with two games in hand.
Palace, who have recently beaten Chelsea and Arsenal, moved up four places to 12th and should now be safe from relegation after a sixth win in eight games has taken them seven points away from the drop zone.
"I was motivated, I would say," Benteke told Sky Sports. "We knew it was going to be hard to play against them, but I give all the praise to the lads for the hard work.
"I respect Liverpool but what happened here is behind me."
Palace manager Sam Allardyce has brought about a transformation since replacing Alan Pardew, who was sacked in December with the London club a point above the bottom three.
"I can breathe a little easier," Allardyce told Sky Sports.
"We have five games to go so this one is so important.
"I think the key was tactical. They (Liverpool) have lost six goals on corners. They use a zonal system and don't mark men. If you get on the move you may get a chance."
Allardyce may have tightened up Palace's defence but, as he suggested, Liverpool's rearguard, having conceded more goals than any of the other leading clubs, looked vulnerable again.
"I know what everybody's saying but we have to bounce back," Klopp said. "If we want to go to the Champions League we have to win the last games.
"Crystal Palace are a good side but we dominated the game. It's really harsh, really frustrating."
Liverpool do not play again until May 1, away to Watford, by which time Manchester City and Manchester United will both have played twice and could have pushed them out of the top four. (Reporting by Steve Tongue; editing by Ken Ferris)
HONG KONG, March 31 BOC Aviation Ltd said on Friday it bought two Boeing 747-8 freighter aircraft for an aggregate list price of $758.2 million, as the aircraft lessor aims to build its balance sheet by investing in modern and in-demand aircraft.
BOC Aviation said it bought the aircraft from subsidiaries of Boeing Co and concurrently accepted an assignment of the leases of the aircraft to cargo airline AirBridgeCargo Airlines LLC.
The actual purchase price was lower than the list price, and the deal was funded through cash on hand, loans and other borrowings, the Hong Kong-listed firm said in a filing.
BOC Aviation earlier this week posted a record full-year net profit, supported by growth in global air travel, and signalled an upbeat outlook. (Reporting by Donny Kwok; Editing by Stephen Coates)
Rising focus on point-of-care diagnosis & treatment has led to an increase in the use of mobile computer medical carts. Computer medical carts are used to record and update a patient's electronic health records (EHR). Increased adoption of Electronic Health Records (EHR) is also observed to be an instrumental factor for growth of North America's medical carts market. The report, titled “Medical Carts Market – North America Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment, 2017-2027,” also projects that manufacturers of medical carts are extending the product line by introducing medical carts with added features.
Report overview@ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/north-america-medical-carts-market
A lucrative opportunity for such prominent medical device manufacturers towards consolidating their presence in the medical carts market in North America is changing their product line in accordance with shift in technology. Mechanical medical carts are being gradually replaced by new and enhanced technologies such as powered medical devices with battery systems, locking drawers (with negative tilt to facilitate efficient stocking of medication), and automated medicine dispensing systems.
In addition to this, increased focus on acquisitions and collaboration among companies have helped them expand their clinical carts product portfolio and cater to the demand for efficient healthcare systems. This has boosted the need for more effective and advanced medical equipment, devices and procedures. Emerging players must keep in mind that acquisitions over the years have resulted in strengthening the positions of current market leaders.
In 2017 and beyond, computer medical carts will remain in great demand, procuring close to 40% of the market's overall revenues towards the end of 2027. North America's medical carts market is poised to witness dominance of metal as base material, revenues from which will reflect a CAGR of 12.1%. Non-powered medical carts will also be top-sellers in the market, while revenues from sales of powered medical carts are anticipated to showcase 12.6% CAGR. Hospitals will be the largest end-users of medical carts in North America.
Request to sample report@ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-na-3608
Key players in the North America medical carts market are focussing on developing innovative application specific products to fulfil the various needs of hospitals and to enhance the important factor of patient safety. This need to increase hospital capacity and innovations in products are likely to boost the revenue and volume growth of the medical carts market. To strengthen the medical carts product portfolio, companies in this market are deploying a product line extension strategy by launching new products with unique features for specific purposes. For instance, companies such as Ergotron, Inc. and InterMetro Industries Corporation are introducing powered medical carts to simplify the work of nursing facility staff. These mobile medical carts are preferred by nurses as they are at a high risk of musculoskeletal disorders.
Non-powered or mechanical medical carts are now slowly being replaced by innovative and enhanced technologies such as powered medical carts with battery systems and locking drawers with negative tilt to facilitate efficient medication stocking, and also feature automated medicine dispensing systems. For instance, Omnicell Inc. designs medication workstations to advance medication and supply automation management. On the other hand Ergotron Inc. offers a wide variety of powered medical carts with ergonomic and easy-to-manoeuvre features. This shift in technology to powered medical carts is trending the North America medical carts market.
Summary of Table of Content
1. Executive Summary
2. Market Introduction
3. North America Medical Carts Market Analysis Scenario
4. Market Dynamics
5. North America Medical Carts Market Analysis and Forecasts, By Product
6. North America Medical Carts Market Analysis and Forecasts, By Material
7. North America Medical Carts Market Analysis and Forecasts, By Energy Source
8. North America Medical Carts Market Analysis and Forecasts, By End User
9. U.S Medical Carts Market Analysis and Forecast, By Product
10. U.S Medical Carts Market Analysis and Forecasts, By Material
11. U.S Medical Carts Market Analysis and Forecasts, By Energy Source
12. U.S Medical Carts Market Analysis and Forecasts, By End User
13. Canada Medical Carts Market Analysis and Forecasts, By Product
14. Canada Medical Carts Market Analysis and Forecasts, By Material
15. Canada Medical Carts Market Analysis and Forecasts, By Energy Source
16. Canada Medical Carts Market Analysis and Forecasts, By End User
17. Competition Landscape
18. Assumptions and Acronyms Used
19. Research Methodology
Request to Browse Full Table of Content, figure and Tables@ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-na-3608
CONTACT:
Future Market Insights
616 Corporate Way, Suite 2-9018,
Valley Cottage, NY 10989,
United States
T: +1-347-918-3531
F: +1-845-579-5705
Email: sales@futuremarketinsights.com
Website: www.futuremarketinsights.com
All Blacks coach Steve Hansen was up to his old tricks again, leaving reporters in stitches at today's press conference after having a dig at Lions coach Warren Gatland for bringing in more troops from the United Kingdom.
Hansen said that he has heard from sources that Gatland is recruiting more players from the UK for injury cover and to strengthen his squad.
"I think he's about to bring out a few extra players to give himself the ability to bring or play two squads," said Hansen.
"He's at the stage he wants to do that."
When asked by 1 NEWS if the players will be coming from the UK, Hansen couldn't help but give the reporters a little bit of a laugh.
"Well I guess so, I don't know where else he will get them from."
With a few Kiwis named in the Lions team Hansen suggested his rival Gatland should have opted to select a few more New Zealanders in his squad.
"Well I guess he didn't pick probably enough of them I suggest."
Stars have paid tribute to veteran TV presenter Keith Chegwin, who has died aged 60 following a long illness.
Celebrities from the worlds of sport, business and entertainment posted messages online after the news broke.
Former heavyweight boxing champion Frank Bruno said: “Saddened to hear this, what a great guy! I worked with him a lot over the years, a great entertainer, you will be missed RIP Keith Chegwin.”
DJ Tony Blackburn said he was “absolutely devastated” to hear of his friend's death, adding: “He was one of the nicest people I have ever known and over the years we did show together and became great friends.”
Saddened to hear this,what a great guy! I worked with him a lot over the years a great entertainer,you will be missed RIP Keith Chegwin🙏🏽 pic.twitter.com/EghfdBa8rm — Frank Bruno MBE (@frankbrunoboxer) December 11, 2017
I'm absolutely devastated to hear that my friend Keith Chegwin has died.He was one of the nicest people I have ever known and over the years we did show together and became great friends. Keith RIP. — Tony Blackburn (@tonyblackburn) December 11, 2017
Such sad news. Very much a part of my childhood. RIP Keith Chegwin. pic.twitter.com/IFL7TujE9b — Paddy McGuinness (@PaddyMcGuinness) December 11, 2017
Comedian Paddy McGuinness tweeted in memory of Chegwin, who was “very much a part of my childhood.”
Meanwhile, entrepreneur Duncan Bannatyne said the entertainer was “too young to go”, calling the news “so sad”.
Keith Chegwin seemed ageless … he came on @BBCRadio2 a lot. Sad loss — Jeremy Vine (@theJeremyVine) December 11, 2017
Oh dear. That is so sad. He was too young to go. RIP Keith. https://t.co/eareVJXDJ6 — Duncan Bannatyne (@DuncanBannatyne) December 11, 2017
Can't believe it about Keith . Such a lovely man at Big Bro and a great host Pleasure to have met him. RIP Cheggers x — Rylan Clark-Neal (@Rylan) December 11, 2017
I'm so stunned to hear that the utterly lovely @keithchegwin has died. Can't get my head round this. One of my original Saturday morning heroes. Sending all my love to his family 😢 — Phillip Schofield (@Schofe) December 11, 2017
Very sad to hear about the death of Keith Chegwin. A kind, funny, brave man who seized the day. — Lorraine (@reallorraine) December 11, 2017
© Press Association 2017
UPDATE 1-Avon CEO expected to step down - WSJ
June 14 Avon Products Inc Chief Executive Sheri McCoy is expected to step down, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday, citing people familiar with the matter.
April 13 Appasia Bhd
* Unit entered into spa with cfn tax services for the disposal of two units of office lots for total consideration of 1.2 million RGT
* The proposed disposal is expected to result in a gain on disposal of approximately 721,520.00 RGT Source (bit.ly/2p0id5z) Further company coverage:
MARRAKECH, Morocco: Croatia's Borna Coric saved five match points to defeat Germany's Philipp Kohlschreiber 5-7, 7-6 (7/3), 7-5 on Sunday (Monday in Manila) to clinch his maiden career title at Marrakech.
Coric, the 20-year-old world number 79, trailed 3-0 in the second set and 4-2 in the decider before he rallied to victory against the third-seeded Kohlschreiber, who was bidding for an eighth title.
The Croatian lost the 2016 Marrakech final to Federico Delbonis of Argentina.
Coric fired 10 aces to defeat Kohlschreiber after two hours and 38 minutes, the longest final on the ATP World Tour this year.
“I would say that's my biggest comeback, I've never saved five match points,” said Coric.
“Especially in such an important match, I served very well in the big points. It's an awesome feeling. I didn't know what to expect when I came here and I wasn't in the best shape.
“But I've been working very hard the past three or four months and now it's paying off.”
For 33-year-old Kohlschreiber, the manner of defeat was nothing new — he squandered seven match points against world number one Andy Murray earlier this year.
“It was one of those days,” said the German veteran.
AFP
High thief brought down by swift winds of change
Justice fell like a cool breeze on a teenage bag-snatcher in Phnom Penh's Chbar Ampov II commune after he was arrested for robbing an air-conditioning mechanic on Sunday.
Police said the suspect a drug abuser grabbed the technician's bag in the middle of a traffic jam where, luckily, authorities were nearby directing motorists.
The victim quickly raised the alarm and police managed to catch one of three suspects involved. The drugged-out delinquent is now trying to cool it in police custody.
KAMPUCHEA THMEY
HELSINKI, March 28 Finnish tyremaker Nokian Tyres on Tuesday appointed Hille Korhonen as the company's new chief executive.
Korhonen, who joins the company in June, currently works as CEO of Finland's national alcoholic beverage retailing monopoly Alko.
She's been member of the Nokian board since 2006.
"We conducted an extensive international recruitment process ... Hille Korhonen brings extensive leadership experience and excellent brand expertise to this position”, Chairman Petteri Wallden said in a statement.
In December the company appointed the head of its Russian operations Andrei Pantioukhov as interim CEO, to replace Ari Lehtoranta, currently chief executive of Caverion. (Reporting by Tuomas Forsell; Editing by Greg Mahlich)
Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May walks out of 10 Downing Street to welcome Head of the European Commission, President Jean-Claude Juncker to Downing Street in London, Britain April 26, 2017. REUTERS/Hannah McKay
LONDON Britain's governing Conservative party has seen its lead narrow considerably over the last week, a poll by YouGov showed on Sunday, the third poll of the weekend to show the party's advantage over the opposition shrink.
Prime Minister Theresa May's Conservative party was set to garner 44 percent of the vote, the poll for the Sunday Times showed, still a commanding 13 point lead over Labour, who polled at 31 percent.
However, a poll by YouGov last weekend had showed a 23 point lead for May's Conservatives, and two other polls released on Saturday also showed Labour closing the gap on the governing party.
Support for the pro-EU Liberal Democrats was 11 percent, while eurosceptic UKIP polled at 6 percent.
YouGov questioned 1,612 adults between April 27 and 28.
(Reporting by Alistair Smout; Editing by David Gregorio)
It was revealed at tonight's WWE NXT TV tapings from Center Stage in Atlanta that the 2018 Dusty Rhodes Tag Team Classic will feature 8 teams. 3 matches were taped tonight, leaving 1 more first round match to be taped at an upcoming NXT live event or the TV tapings at Full Sail University on March 7th, which will be the final tapings before Takeover.
The confirmed teams that worked first round matches at tonight's tapings were The Authors of Pain (Akam, Rezar), TM-61 (Shane Thorne, Nick Miller), The Street Profits (Angelo Dawkins, Montez Ford), Heavy Machinery (Tucker Knight, Otis Dozovic), SAnitY (Alexander Wolfe, Eric Young), Tino Sabbatelli & Riddick Moss. The final first round match should feature The Forgotten Sons (Steve Cutler, Wesley Blake) and one other team to be revealed.
The first tournament matches for the third annual Dusty Classic should begin airing with the March 7th NXT episode on the WWE Network.
It still looks like the finals will be held at "Takeover: New Orleans" on Saturday, April 7th from the Smoothie King Center during WrestleMania 34 Week. WWE could do the big trophy ceremony at Axxess on WrestleMania Sunday with members of the Rhodes family, including Goldust.
Below is a spoiler look at the brackets after tonight's tapings:
First Round
* The Authors of Pain defeated TM-61
* The Street Profits defeated Heavy Machinery
* SAnitY defeated Tino Sabbatelli & Riddick Moss
* The Forgotten Sons vs. TBA
Feb 1 (Reuters) - JA Solar Holdings Co Ltd:
* JA SOLAR FORMS PARTNERSHIP WITH MANITU SOLAR TO EXPAND PRESENCE IN EASTERN EUROPEAN MARKETS
* ‍UNDER TERMS OF PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT, MANITU SOLAR WILL DISTRIBUTE JA SOLAR‘S SOLAR MODULES​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ( Bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com )
BRIEF-LightInTheBox Holding Co Q1 non-GAAP net loss per ADS $0.01
* Says total orders of product sales were 1.6 million for Q1 of 2017, compared with 1.7 million in same quarter of 2016
(Reuters) - Canada's Imperial Oil Ltd reported a lower-than-expected adjusted quarterly profit on Friday, weighed down by higher costs in its downstream and upstream operations.
Shares of Imperial, majority owned by Exxon Mobil Corp, fell about 4 percent to C$37.28.
Imperial, which posted a rise of about 22 percent in its total expenses in the fourth quarter, said its adjusted downstream net income increase was offset by higher maintenance activity.
Upstream operations were hurt by costs of about C$150 million ($121 million) related to its Syncrude and Kearl oil sand projects.
“In the context of the weakness we expect to persist in the heavy oil market, the company's upstream cost structure needs to see further improvement if Imperial is to continue delivering a robust and competitive free cash flow profile into 2018,” Raymond James analysts said in a client note.
The company said refinery throughput averaged 391,000 barrels per day, lower than 401,000 bpd in the year-ago quarter due to maintenance activities at the Nanticoke refinery in Ontario.
The Calgary-based company reported a net loss of C$137 million, or 16 Canadian cents per share, for the quarter as it booked a charge of C$566 million related to its Mackenzie joint venture and the development of its Horn River basin gas field in western Canada.
The company said in December that it was dissolving the JV as it was not “economically competitive”. ConocoPhillips Canada, ExxonMobil Canada and the Aboriginal Pipeline Group were the other participants in the venture.
According to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S, Imperial earned 51 Canadian cents per share, excluding items, while analysts on average had expected a profit of 68 Canadian cents.
The company's production in the quarter remained unchanged at 399,000 gross oil-equivalent barrels per day from a year earlier.
Exxon on Friday posted a rare quarterly earnings miss.
SAN FRANCISCO/NEW YORK Intelsat SA is planning to extend the deadline for investors to swap their bonds in the company for several weeks, seeking to keep its merger with U.S. satellite technology peer OneWeb Ltd alive, according to people familiar with the matter.
The new deadline will be pushed out from late Thursday to at least mid-May, the people said, asking not to be named because the matter is private. Bloomberg News earlier reported the deadline would be extended by at least a few more days.
Representatives for Intelsat declined to comment. OneWeb could not immediately be reached for comment.
OneWeb, backed by Japan's SoftBank Group Corp, and debt-laden satellite operator Intelsat agreed to merge at the end of February in a deal that is conditional on approval from Intelsat's bondholders. The debt exchanges, if successful, would help reduce Intelsat's $15 billion in debt by $3.6 billion.
Some of Intelsat's debt is trading above prices that the company is offering in the debt exchange, indicating Intelsat bondholders are holding out for a better offer. SoftBank however, is reluctant to offer enough money to bring the bondholders onboard, a person familiar with the matter said.
A meeting is planned for Friday between Intelsat and some of its bondholders to try to hammer out a deal, another of the sources added.
Intelsat started a series of debt exchange offers on March 24. To be successful in consummating a deal with OneWeb, the company needs holders of at least 85 percent of the total face value of each series of notes to participate in the exchanges.
OneWeb is among a handful of startups planning to build, launch and operate thousands of small satellites to provide internet access worldwide. Elon Musk's Space Exploration Technologies Corp unveiled plans in January 2015 for an internet-via-satellite network that would eventually include some 4,000 satellites.
(Reporting by Liana B. Baker in San Francisco and Jessica DiNapoli in New York; Editing by Chris Reese)
To get the best detailed information on booking Etihad airlines flight tickets the passengers should correctly go through the below mentioned steps
Contact
Jenni
***@ysupportnumber.com Jenni
End
-- Etihad airline booking steps will enable the passengers to book their tickets easily and efficiently.• First of all the passengers need to visit the official Etihad airlines page.• Select on whether it is a round trip or a one way trip or it is a multi city trip.• Then, the passengers are required to enter their departing date and departing city.• Also enter the arrival date and the arrival city as well.• Passengers then need to specify whether they want to travel by the economy class, business class, first class or the residence class.• Then provide the details of number of passengers travelling be it adults, children, infants and senior citizens.• If the passengers have any promotional code for their Etihad airlines then they can also enter it to get best discounts.• After providing all these details select on search flights menu.• By selecting this option passengers will get all the details of necessary Etihad flights according to the passengers preference.• This will inform the passengers about the cost, timings and other information of all the flights.• Once all the flights have been displayed select on the best one.• Lastly, book the most preferred flight and pay for the ticket.• Passengers can pay through debit or credit cards.Therefore, to know more about the details of booking Etihad flights passengers can directly contact on the etihad airlines booking phone number and can talk with the concerned representatives of the airlines.Source by http://www.ysupportnumber.com/ etihad-airlines- customer-se...
An estimated £168 MILLION is up for grabs on the EuroMillions draw tonight.
We will bring you the results as soon as the winning balls are drawn below.
The record-breaking prize could propel you to 671st place on Britain's rich list - above celebrity chef Jamie Oliver and singer Adele.
Tonight's mega-draw is expected to take place at around 8pm this evening. Tickets will be on sale until 7.30pm at £2.50.
The prize fund is capped by EuroMillions as €190m – £168m at Friday's exchange rate – where it will remain for four more draws.
If no one matches all seven numbers on the fifth draw, the prize money will roll down to the next tier of winners.
The odds of winning are about 140m to one, according to the EuroMillions website . But if it is a Brit who wins it would create the UK and Europe's biggest ever winner.
Get the results below.
UPDATE 1-Britain's Heathrow says baggage problem fixed after early failure
LONDON, June 15 Europe's biggest airport London Heathrow said on Thursday that an issue preventing bags from being checked in at terminals 3 and 5 had been resolved and apologised to those passengers who had to fly without luggage on early morning flights.
The political dynamics playing out in Zimbabwe took another intriguing twist on Tuesday when ex-president Robert Mugabe not only smoked a peace pipe with his former deputy, Joice Mujuru, but also promised to back her presidential bid, the Daily News can report.
Mugabe met Mujuru at his ‘‘Blue Roof'' mansion in the leafy suburb of Borrowdale, Harare, on Tuesday for the first time since they broke ranks in December 2014.
It was also the first time Mugabe has met an opposition party leader since the expiry of the unity government in June 2013 in which Zanu PF shared power with two MDC formations led by former prime minister Morgan Tsvangirai and Arthur Mutambara.
Insiders in Mujuru's party — the National People's Party (NPP) — told the Daily News yesterday that Mugabe, who initiated the meeting, offered his unqualified support to his former deputy in the forthcoming elections, where Zanu PF leader Emmerson Mnangagwa will be seeking his first full mandate as head of State and government.
Mnangagwa ascended to the throne through a soft military coup of November 14 that led to the forced resignation of his predecessor who had been isolated from his allies in the Generation 40 (G40) faction of Zanu PF.
NPP insiders said the meeting sent a clear message to Mugabe's die-hard supporters that the 93-year-old ex-guerrilla leader was not for the “new dispensation” and was throwing his weight behind Mujuru.
They said Mugabe also sent a pointed but subtle message to his supporters to shift their allegiance to Mujuru, whose rivalry with Mnangagwa could be traced as far back as the 1990s when her husband Solomon Mujuru and Mnangagwa competed for Mugabe's ear until his passing in a suspicious inferno in August 2011.
During the meeting, NPP insiders claimed the toppled president apologised for unfairly dismissing Mujuru in 2014, and blamed Mnangagwa for misleading him into believing that Mujuru wanted to topple him when in fact he was pursuing his own political agenda.
“They met and it was at Mugabe's invitation. One of the reasons was to say sorry for everything that happened to her and that he had acted on incorrect briefings from Mnangagwa,” an NPP national executive member said.
The NPP official said Mujuru told Mugabe that despite all that she has gone through, she harboured no hard feelings towards him.
While Mujuru's spokesperson Gift Nyandoro was not keen to disclose details of their meeting to the media, NPP's deputy national organising secretary Paddington Japajapa told the Daily News that Mugabe had pledged his full support for Mujuru's presidential campaign.
“The meeting took place at Mugabe's residence so it is all systems go. G40 members are coming on board; former first lady Grace Mugabe loves the idea, and so is Saviour Kasukuwere and others who are also ready to help the Mujuru campaign financially,” Japajapa said.
“We do not care who they are and where they are coming from as long as they bring in votes — that is what we are excited about as a party. Let us see how it pans out but this is a real game-changer — I tell you.”
Although Mujuru was not immediately available for comment, she confirmed meeting Mugabe to Voice of America (VOA).
“I spoke to him on Tuesday. We discussed how he was lied to when they accused me,” she said.
“He is at his home; he is not happy with what happened to him which he said is not constitutional. He is surprised that the gun that we always knew as being led by politics is the one leading, why?” Mujuru told VOA.
“I also spoke to Grace, who also said she was misinformed by people who had realised that I was about to take over as president.”
“I was happy when he called me and I grabbed the opportunity,” she said.
She also claimed Mugabe's wife, Grace, admitted during their meeting that she plotted her ouster from Zanu PF and government over petty gossip.
Mujuru said Grace now regrets having been ill-advised.
Mujuru revealed when she was ousted from Zanu PF, it had been alleged that her plan was to seize power and “reform Zanu PF the Magufuli way and we had already started so that is what they did not want,” she said.
Nicknamed “the Bulldozer” for his strict leadership style, Tanzanian president John Magufuli has won praise for his tough anti-corruption fight. Magufuli's opponents, however, accuse him of cracking down on dissent and limiting democratic space.
He has denied the allegations, saying he was not a dictator. The drive to root out corruption in Tanzania has felled ministers, the head of government's anti-graft body, the tax chief and thousands of civil servants.
Ironically, Mujuru was assaulted by suspected Zanu PF youths as she met her supporters in the capital on Thursday, less than 48 hours after her meeting with Mugabe.
The rumour mill has gone into overdrive, claiming Zanu PF was already running scared and that the attack was meant to intimidate Mujuru who has extended an olive branch to members of the G40 faction which was targeted by the military operation code-named Operation Restore Legacy.
One of the think-tanks in the G40 faction took to Twitter yesterday to hint that Mujuru and Mugabe's meeting was “a game changer.”
“Joice Mujuru attacked by #coup soldiers after her game changing meeting with president Mugabe,” Jonathan Moyo, who is currently in self-imposed exile, tweeted yesterday.
United Kingdom-based political analyst Alex Magaisa described the development as “intriguing given the political context.”
“He was brutal when he sacked her four years ago and this would have been their first meeting since then – united in the cold. Could this signal a renewed alliance between Joice and the man she calls ‘father'?” Magaisa wrote on his Twitter account.
Magaisa noted that the alliance, if it materialises, could spell doom for Mnangagwa's presidential bid.
He said Mugabe still commands a significant following in the country hence the alliance could work in Mujuru's favour.
“For all his faults, and despite the fake cheers at rallies, Mugabe surely had people who idolised him? In 1980, Muzorewa's supporters went underground but he had managed 220 000 votes at the election. Could there be Mugabe supporters out there who will back whoever he backs?
“If so, this front could prove to be a headache for Mnangagwa and his team. But would Mujuru forgive her treatment in 2014 at the hands of Mugabe's wife, Grace and her cabal? Then again, there are no permanent friends or enemies in politics.
“This election could prove to be more fascinating and interesting than the damp squib it was threatening to be. It could turn out to be Zanu A v Zanu B v MDC United v Others!”
Mugabe expelled Mujuru from Zanu PF and government in December 2014 on untested allegations of plotting to unseat him.
Mujuru (62) had deputised Mugabe for 10 years, having joined his government at independence in 1980 as the youngest Cabinet minister.
After several months of pondering about her future, Mujuru caused a major political ripple when she emerged from her shell in March 2016 to head the Zimbabwe People First (ZPF).
She dumped ZPF months later after it got enmeshed in power struggles and formed NPP, whose campaign for the forthcoming poll is based on the promise to revive the economy and repair strained relations with the West.
Mujuru will stand at the polls as NPP's presidential candidate. It, however, still remains to be seen if the meeting of minds between them could derail a resurgent Mnangagwa whose political stock is rising daily on the back of his strong push to revive the country's economy and reintegrate Zimbabwe among the community of nations. Daily News
Just four months before the election, the first challenger for two open seats on the Nevada City Council has announced her candidacy. This is the first time Pauli Halstead has run for public office. She describes herself as a community activist, including finding what she calls balanced solutions for the homeless population, as well as affordable housing for all residents…
click to listen to Pauli Halstead
Halstead has also been on the Sierra Roots Board of Directors and opened the Streicher House for the homeless in 2015, before it ceased operations last year. She's currently a property manager in Grass Valley. Looking at other issues, she says cannabis businesses could be an economic boost for Nevada City, if phased in properly…
click to listen to Pauli Halstead
Halstead says she's also concerned about a smooth transition for city government, in light of recent staff turnover. The two open seats on the Nevada City Council are currently occupied by Mayor Duane Strawser, who still hasn't decided whether he'll seek another term. Council member Evans Phelps announced at a recent meeting that she is seeking re-election.
The new Foundation was honored with the keys to the city by Mayor Chris Alahouzos.
RibbonCutting
Media Contact
JoLynn Wright
(727) 940-8481
jolynn@colelinkfoundation.org JoLynn Wright(727) 940-8481
End
-- Local business owners, music lovers, community dignitaries and charity supporters were joined by Founder and Chairwoman, Myra J. Cole-Baucom, Board members and staff to celebrate Cole Link Foundation's grand opening at the 2017 Inaugural Benefit Bash at Ruth Eckerd Hall in Clearwater on Thursday, Aug. 3. The event was filled to capacity with 250 attendees who helped to raise funds for charitable programs in educational awareness, health & wellness and the arts. The following day, Mayor Chris Alahouzos honored Cole Link Foundation with the keys to the city and participated in the official ribbon cutting of the Foundation's new headquarters located at 871 E. Klosterman Road in Tarpon Springs.Performing at the Benefit Bash was the popular local band, The Black Honkeys along with jazz musician, Kelly Rhodes and jazz singer, Belinda Womack-Christy. The doors opened at 5 p.m. with a silent auction. The excitement began when an announcement was made that the top donor would win a signed football by Joe Namath and Earl Christy, New York Jets 1969 Super Bowl III champs. The signed football was kindly donated by Earl Christy who attended the fundraiser and presented it to Greg and Doreen Columbo for their generous donation. The event was also attended by Dr. Marvin L. Bright, provost of St. Petersburg College Tarpon Springs Campus, Cary Stiff, CFRE and chief executive officer of Chi Chi Rodriguez Youth Foundation and Grammy winner Ralph Farris. Pictures and video from both events can be viewed at www.ColeLinkFoundation.org "The entire evening was a dream come true. I am truly thankful for the generosity of our donors and event sponsors during and after our event. It's always been a passion of mine to help as many people in need as I possibly can. And now, after this successful fundraiser, we are on our way," Foundation Founder and Chairwoman, Myra J. Cole-Baucom, said.The Foundation strives to save lives with their national Car Seats for Kids program and is working diligently on their upcoming House to Home Apprenticeship program designed to train unskilled workers as homes are repaired or renovated for low income residents. The Golden Linkettes dance troupe, the Foundation's local community youth program, performed at the event and has been invited back to perform at Clearwater's Downtown Block Party.Founded in 2016, Cole Link Foundation is a 501 (c)(3) nonprofit organization that supports an expanding network of community and individual enrichment programs in the areas of educational awareness, health & wellness and the arts. The Foundation serves as a link between donors and communities to assist people in need, with a particular emphasis on Native Americans. It works to inspire a chain reaction of community involvement and pride to stimulate vital resources and assistance to empower hope, advancement and cultural diversity for all people. For more information, visit www.ColeLinkFoundation.org. ( https://www.colelinkfoundation.org/
* Philly Fed's business gauge falls for second straight month
* Measure on regional new orders declines from three-decade peak
* Manufacturing employment hits highest in nearly six years
* Mid-Atlantic firms plan for more capital spending in 2017 (Adds quote, details on latest data)
NEW YORK, April 20 The Philadelphia Federal Reserve said on Thursday its gauge on manufacturing activity in the U.S. Mid-Atlantic region fell to its lowest level in four months in April, retreating further from a 33-year peak reached in February.
The regional central bank's business conditions index fell to 22.0 in April from 32.8 in March. Analysts polled by Reuters had forecast a reading of 25.0 this month.
"They have come down from really high levels, but these are still very good, positive readings," Michael Trebing, senior economic analyst at the Philadelphia Fed, told a conference call with reporters.
Various measures on U.S. business confidence had soared shortly following Donald Trump's surprise win in the presidential elections in November as business owners and company executives hoped Trump and a Republican-controlled Congress would slash taxes, loosen regulations and enact heavy spending on infrastructure. But they have begun to recede from their peaks.
The Philadelphia Fed's barometer on new orders, a key gauge of future activity, slipped to 27.4 from 38.6 in March which was the strongest since December 1987.
The measure of the six-month business outlook decreased to 45.4 from 59.5 in March which was the highest since August 2014.
The component on prices paid declined to 33.7 from March's 40.7 which was the strongest since May 2011.
On the other hand, the survey's employment index climbed to 19.9 in April, the highest since May 2011, while its gauge on capital expenditures in six months stepped up to 36.5 from 34.5 in March.
In a special section in this month's survey, 51.5 percent of the firms said they plan to increase their capital spending this year due to expected higher sales. This compared with 40 percent a year earlier.
Moreover, 36.7 percent of the respondents said their capital spending will take place in the first half of this year, while the rest plans to do so in the second half. (Reporting by Richard Leong; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
SE Asia Stocks-Philippines climbs on gains in property stocks; Singapore falls
By Nicole Pinto June 15 Philippine shares rose on Thursday, driven by gains in real estate stocks, while Singapore was headed for a third session of fall in four, dragged down by financials. Other Southeast Asian stock markets traded in a narrow range as soft U.S. economic data and a relatively hawkish Federal Reserve hurt investor sentiment. The Fed raised interest rates as expected on Wednesday and gave a first clear outline on its plan to reduce its $4.2-trillion
Sale Sharks' Denny Solomona says he is open to playing for England should the opportunity arise after he qualified to represent the country under rugby's three-year residency rule earlier this month.
The Auckland-born winger has been drawing rave reviews in England's Premiership since switching from rugby league in December and has scored 11 tries in as many games, including a first-half hat-trick against Wasps last month.
"Yes, 100 percent, if the opportunity presents itself, I'll take it with both hands," Solomona, a former Samoa rugby league international, told the Times. "At the moment, I'm just focussing on the now and playing well for Sale. If it comes, it comes."
Speculation has been growing in the British media that Solomona is primed for a call-up even though World Rugby will vote in May to extend the residency rule to five years in an attempt to counter the growing problem of nationality swapping.
England had four New Zealand-born players -- captain Dylan Hartley, prop Mako Vunipola, flanker Teimana Harrison and centre Ben Te'o -- in this year's Six Nations squad.
"I've bought a house here, I'm engaged to marry an English girl, I'm well and truly inside the English culture now. Circumstances change," the 23-year-old Solomona added.
"I've been here (in England) three years and that's the choice I want to make."
Solomona has also been tipped for a place on this year's British and Irish Lions' tour to New Zealand by former England back Austin Healey.
(Reporting by Shravanth Vijayakumar in Bengaluru; Editing by Peter Rutherford)
LONDON Leicester City will be powered by a sense of injustice and a belief that their depleted team can extend one of football's most unlikely success stories when they seek to overturn their Champions League quarter-final deficit against Atletico Madrid.
But with Robert Huth suspended following a booking in the 1-0 first-leg loss in Madrid and captain Wes Morgan struggling with an injury, the Foxes can only hope a reshaped defence will cope against one of Europe's finest counter-attacking sides at Leicester's King Power stadium next Tuesday.
"(Losing Huth) is a blow," manager Craig Shakespeare said after Wednesday's loss. "We have a few on yellows, so we knew it was a tightrope. Robert is a very committed player.
"There is some hope with Morgan. He has been out on the grass for the last few days, and we hope he will be all right. I think it will be touch and go. If he is out, we will have to have a look at what we do with team shape," Shakespeare added.
Leicester could be down to the bare bones for the second leg with Yohan Benalouane, who played in Madrid, and Marcin Wasilewski the only recognised central defenders available.
For all of Atletico's dominance, they hold the slenderest of leads courtesy of Antoine Griezmann's contentious first half penalty, awarded for a foul on the Frenchman by Marc Albrighton, despite replays showing the initial contact was outside the box.
Swedish referee Jonas Eriksson waved away the protests, leaving Shakespeare to renew his complaints after the whistle.
"We were hard done by," he said. "It is one of the major decisions in the game, a definite foul, but outside the box.
"I think it is a disappointing moment, a key moment. The referee has to get that one right. You can't guess."
Leicester were also fortunate to encounter Fernando Torres on an off night, with the former Liverpool and Chelsea striker missing several chances, even ballooning one effort out for a throw-in.
On Tuesday, the Premier League champions can expect to face a much tougher second-leg task than in the last round when, under previous manager Claudio Ranieri, they took a valuable away goal back from the 2-1 defeat in Seville.
But former Leicester manager Martin O'Neill, who commentated on the game for television, believes Leicester can emulate the 2-0 home win they managed against Sevilla.
"It will be tricky for (Atletico)," he said. "I don't care how much experience they have. Remember when that goal in Seville went in? You felt the King Power would be really alive, and it was.
"This time, multiply that by the possibility of a semi-final place in the Champions League. (It will be) extraordinary."
Leicester will rely on striker Jamie Vardy, an isolated figure at the Vicente Calderon Stadium, to cause Atletico problems up front and try to shut out Griezmann, not the easiest of tasks given his 24 goals for Atletico this season.
(Reporting by Neil Robinson; Editing by John O'Brien)
Richmond's Jack Riewoldt celebrates his goal in the fourth quarter. Pic: Michael Klein
Richmond's Jack Riewoldt celebrates his goal in the fourth quarter. Pic: Michael Klein
SCORING in the AFL is at a 50-year low right now.
That trend is only one of many reasons why Richmond deserve to be a clear-cut favourite to claim back-to-back premierships.
The Tigers defend the 'G better than any other team, where they have now won 11 consecutive games and conceded less than 100 points from their past 21 games.
It's not a Geelong-style squeeze at Kardinia Park or an old-school Sydney-style strangle at the SCG.
It is simply a pressure gamestyle where they hunt, swarm and harass teams into making mistakes.
Unless Collingwood and Essendon pile on a scoring bonanza on Anzac Day, the first five rounds of 2018 will be the stingiest since 1968.
Richmond's Jack Higgins booted three to spark his team. Pic: Michael Klein
Jake Melksham kicked four and kept Alex Rance honest. Pic: Michael Klein
That bodes well for Tigers coach Damien Hardwick, who labelled defence his "one-wood" this week.
On Tuesday night the Tigers kept Melbourne to just eight goals at the MCG. Last week they kept Brisbane Lions to just two goals at the MCG.
Dimma said he hates getting scored against and that's why he is in heaven at the home of football, where the Tigers have leaked an average of just 66 points from their past 18 matches.
You're not going to lose many matches conceding those scores.
The Demons won the territory battle in the first quarter and amassed 19 inside 50s. They had one goal to show for it - a fluky right-foot Jake Melksham snap.
For all the talk of Richmond's maniacal forward pressure, it is time to focus on how hot it is further up the field.
Tigers skipper Trent Cotchin got the crowd roaring with this speccy over James Harmes. Pic: Michael Klein
Cotchin also did the hard stuff. Pic: Getty Images
Trent Cotchin took a defensive hanger over James Harmes but it was his ferocious defensive work which was more important.
It appeared the emotional response, which turbocharged Western Bulldogs, Essendon and Adelaide to recent wins, might have electrocuted Melbourne early in the second half.
Clayton Oliver collected 13 disposals and five clearances in the third quarter as the Demons finally kicked consecutive goals, through Jesse Hogan and Jeff Garlett.
But after 18 minutes of dominance they had only outscored Richmond by eight points as Jack Riewoldt erupted the Tigers' crowd with his first goal.
The Tigers, again, had absorbed, steadied and countered as the contest suddenly sizzled.
Harmes cut the margin to just 13 points in the last quarter and then, whoosh.
Dustin Martin didn't reach his usual heights but provided some trademark ‘don't argue'. Picture: Michael Klein
Richmond sliced through six of the next seven majors in an all-too familiar scoring blitz against Simon Goodwin's side.
These clubs are now 2-2 on Anzac eve and the split of the 77,071 fans would've gone home in vastly different mindframes.
Melbourne's supporters were understandably frustrated. Another big game, and another big let down.
Jake Lever played his best game for the season, Jesse Hogan and Jake Melksham combined for 6.2 and Max Gawn dominated against premiership Tiger Toby Nankervis, even if Melbourne's midfield didn't cash in.
Jake Lever was solid for the Demons. Pic: Michael Klein
But flat patches either side of quarter-time, and then a stinker in the last, denied them a serious shot at winning.
At 2-3 it is fair to question whether 2018 is the year Melbourne will actually take a step forward.
As for the Tigers? They are 4-1 and on top of the ladder with Josh Caddy and Nick Vlastuin likely to return on Sunday and Daniel Rioli not far behind.
They play the MCG - the Grand Final venue for the next 40 years - better than anyone else and know they got it done here last year.
They couldn't be any better positioned than that.
Michael Hibberd crashes to the turf. Pic: Getty Images
Hibberd shows the effects of his fall. Pic: Getty Images
LIVE stream every match of every round of the 2018 Toyota AFL Premiership Season on FOX SPORTS. Get your free 2-week trial & start watching in minutes. SIGN UP NOW >
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup he co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
(Updates with close of European markets)
* MSCI World index poised for best month since 2006
* Solid earnings underpin stocks
* Oil climbs on output deal hope
* Eurozone inflation, growth accelerates
* Oil set for 2nd week of losses on oversupply
By Chuck Mikolajczak
NEW YORK, April 28 World stock markets dipped on Friday, with U.S. equities losing ground after a soft reading on first-quarter economic growth, while the euro strengthened as euro zone inflation rose to hit the European Central Bank's target.
The U.S. economy grew at a 0.7 percent annual rate in the first quarter, its weakest pace in three years, amid tepid consumer spending and as businesses invested less on inventories, in a potential setback to President Donald Trump's promise to boost growth.
The lackluster number sent equity indexes on Wall Street slightly lower, although strong earnings from Google parent Alphabet, which was up 4.1 percent, and Amazon , which rose 1.4 percent, curbed losses on the benchmark S&P index and briefly pushed the Nasdaq to a record.
"The GDP numbers today are questioning the robustness of the economy and throughout the week we've seen the impact of doubts whether the Trump administration can implement its fiscal policies," said Mohannad Aama, managing director of Beam Capital Management in New York.
First-quarter earnings are currently expected to grow by 13.6 percent, according to Thomson Reuters data, the best performance since 2011.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 36.84 points, or 0.18 percent, to 20,944.49, the S&P 500 lost 4.61 points, or 0.19 percent, to 2,384.16 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 1.74 points, or 0.03 percent, to 6,047.20.
The Dow was on track for its best week since early December while the Nasdaq was poised for a sixth-month winning streak, its longest since 2013.
European shares eased as investors took profits, but closed out their strongest week since December as political worries ebbed and brokers forecast strong earnings growth would underpin valuations.
The pan-European FTSEurofirst 300 index lost 0.23 percent, up 2.4 percent for the week, and MSCI's gauge of stocks across the globe shed 0.11 percent.
At six straight months of gains, MSCI's index was set to notch its longest monthly winning streak since 2006.
Inflation blew past expectations in Europe to hit a three-year high, keeping pressure on the European Central Bank to start dialing back its stimulus measures.
Euro zone bond yields rose, with the yield on 10-year benchmark German government bonds hitting a session high of 0.361 percent, and the euro strengthened against the dollar, up 0.29 percent to $1.0904.
U.S. Treasury debt yields rose across the board on Friday after the GDP data. Benchmark 10-year notes last fell 1/32 in price to yield 2.3 percent, from 2.296 percent late on Thursday.
In commodities, oil prices advanced after a slide to a one-month low the previous day spurred buying ahead of an OPEC meeting next month at which producers could prolong output curbs. Both Brent and U.S. crude were on track for their second straight weekly and monthly declines.
U.S. crude rose 0.39 percent to $49.16 per barrel and Brent was last at $51.98, up 0.31 percent on the day.
(Additional reporting by Tanya Agrawal; Editing by Bernadette Baum)
SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Crisis-wracked commodity trader Noble Group said on Friday said proposed agreements to sell four dry bulk carrier vessels have fallen through after the buyers failed to get approval from their boards for the deals by Thursday.
Noble estimated it would have received net proceeds of about $30 million if the vessels had been sold, after repayment of mortgages associated with the ships and other costs.
“Noble Group wishes to update that the vessels are, in the current market, profit generating and cash flow positive,” it said in a statement. The vessels were still available for sale and the company has started discussions with interested third parties, it added.
The proposed disposal of the vessels is a part of the company's debt reduction plans. This week, Noble proposed a deal under which existing shareholders' equity would be nearly wiped out, whiles the restructured company would have much lower debt.
Gambling is regarded to become an activity that includes betting on the outcome of a contest, playing a game for cash, or paying for the opportunity to enter a lottery. It truly is an incredibly old form of entertainment and one that can be with us so long as we continue betting. The pleasure of gambling comes in the very real threat of losing even your most prized possession. Around the opposite side, gambling comes from wagering valuables or material issues one particular can not afford to lose. Within a nutshell, gambling although how entertaining it truly is has its personal benefits and disadvantages. Get additional information about agen sbobet
Gambling, which most people would really appreciate, could be of quite a few different forms which include scratch tickets, pull tab tickets, bingo games, mahjong, charity raffles, lottery tickets, betting on sports games or casino games.
Casino games can be viewed as most typical among people and it really is commonly played in nearly each country around the planet. In recent times people today may very well be entertained by just playing casino games online. Online casinos, also considered as world-wide-web or virtual casinos are online adaptations of regular casinos that many people liked playing quite a few years ago.
A casino game is related with the land-based casinos that offer odds and payback percentages. A few of them claim higher payback percentages for slot machine games and make recognized to men and women payout percentage on their websites or homepages. The payout percentage for the games, getting played by gamblers is established by the rules in the game.
Right now, most of the people appear to be bombarded with a great deal of unfavorable factors. Because of this, they would actually take up gambling even though just from time for you to time yet soon it becomes their habits.
Gambling is undeniably exciting and casinos build an exhilarating atmosphere, and there's usually that slim possibility of winning a fortune. Today what ever game you desire playing, the casinos accessible online could constantly deliver you entertaining and excitement. It is uncomplicated to find virtual casinos and for those who have already chosen the game you wish to bet on then you definitely must get ready and make a deposit, you will be entitled for some terrific 1st deposit bonuses for positive.You'll find numerous online casinos that could deliver players absolutely free casino credits which might be credited into their real player account after they have met all wagering requirements.
Several online casinos with no deposits could deliver players free of charge bonuses to attempt out the casino games readily available. Some casinos offer you or give players as much as $150 of cost-free bonuses but on the other hand, the normal amount a casino could give is amongst $10 up to $25 only. Most online casinos have their own verification approach to create certain the gambler or the person playing is genuinely the 1 whom registered. That is to make sure their protection.
In his August 2017 editorial, “Tariff Debate Pits Producers Against Consumers,” chief editor John Sprovieri clearly posed the dilemma of low-priced Chinese steel imports, which have severely impacted the U.S. steel industry. John explained that proposed quotas or tariffs would protect the steel industry, but harm steel users, whose cost of steel will then be higher than their foreign competitors. Some analysts believe we could lose more jobs in the steel-using industries than we save in the steel-producing industry. John ends his editorial as follows: “In short, protecting one industry could hurt another. Which would you choose?”
My answer is that the government and John are asking the wrong question. We spend millions of dollars every year on dumping allegations and other appeals against low-priced foreign products. Almost always, we wind up with the same dilemma as with steel today. Applying quotas or tariffs selectively to narrow industry segments will always create U.S. winners and losers. Instead, we should find ways to create only U.S. manufacturing winners. I will explain.
The reason our country is so vulnerable to dumping and other aggressive actions by foreign companies is that our industries are not sufficiently large and price-competitive before the dumping starts. We have had trade deficits every year since 1979. In recent years the trade deficit, excluding petroleum, has been around $700 billion per year, representing about 5 million manufacturing jobs. With a goods trade balance, our manufacturing output and employment would be approximately 40 percent higher. Companies would be busier and more profitable. They would invest more in product and process development, be more productive, and be better able to compete with low-priced, even dumped, foreign products. If our steel output were 40 percent higher, the government would not be concerned about minor losses to imports.
We should stop making thousands of lawyers rich litigating over trade alternatives, none of which is near optimal and never solves the problem long-term. Instead, we should take the necessary steps to make and keep U.S. industry overall competitive enough to eliminate the trade deficit, providing good jobs to millions of Americans. When we are that competitive, the dumpers will not be able to price low enough to take significant market share here, making such actions ineffective.
The Reshoring Initiative has proposed a Competitiveness Toolkit, by which the administration can identify and select the actions that will make our industry competitive enough to bring back up to 4 million manufacturing jobs. Our recommended actions are, in our priority order:
Building a skilled workforce like the one in Germany.
Enacting a 15 percent corporate tax rate.
Implementing a value-added tax, like almost all other nations.
Decreasing the value of the U.S. dollar by 20 percent.
Reducing regulations and healthcare costs, like Germany and Switzerland.
Universal use of Total Cost of Ownership for sourcing and siting decisions.
Some of these actions are easy to implement. Others, like building a skilled workforce, will take decades. Let's ask the right questions, pick the best actions, and get started now!
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup he co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
Contact
Bonafide Research &Marketing pvt ltd
***@bonafideresearch.com Bonafide Research &Marketing pvt ltd
End
--Indian mattress industry consists of organized and unorganized sector. Unorganized sector dominates the market with majority of revenues whereas organized players are trying hard to make their presence felt among masses. Mattresses from unorganized players usually use cotton filler as it is the cheapest of the many options that are now available and thus are the choice of masses. There are several types of mattresses available in the country but coir, PU foam and spring are the most popular ones. Spring mattresses are increasingly being preferred over coir and PU foam mattresses from the last few years. Indian consumers are yet to taste the best technologically advanced sleep systems but factors like favourable demographics, changing lifestyles and increase in disposable income makes this market an attractive one.According to recently published report of Bonafide Research, organized mattress brands will snatch the market from unorganized players in the coming five years on the basis of affordable quality, growing awareness regarding brands, diverse portfolio of branded mattresses and entry of new players in the organized segment. Apart from all this, GST (Goods and Services Tax) is expected to spur the growth for organized players from 2017. With the implementation of the GST from April 2017, the entire indirect tax system in India which includes excise, state-level VAT, service tax etc. is expected to evolve. Currently, the effective tax rate for the furnishing and home decor sector ranges above 20%. According to Anita Patil, Sr. Research Analyst at Bonafide Research, "After the implementation of GST, mattress companies will benefit from lower tax rate which will decrease the price gap between local mattresses and branded ones. This will spur the competition between organized and unorganized sector; eventually generating opportunities for the organized players." Hence, implementation of GST is expected to bring the unorganized sector under a uniform tax base and improve growth opportunities for the organized sector. The logistics costs will also be curtailed.However, the proposed GST tax regime could adversely impact the coir industry, particularly manufacturers of coir mattresses, if coir and rubberized coir mattresses and sheets are not classified under the merit or essential list. The Ministry of Finance at present provides various fiscal incentives to the manufacturers and exporters of coir products. For coir mattresses, a concessional levy of excise duty at 2% (without CENVAT credit) or 6% (with CENVAT credit) is being extended. The government is considering to tax environment unfriendly products distinctly from others in the GST regime. As a result, classifying coir-based products under concessional category when compared to alternative products to promote their usage would result in penalizing the polluting products and incentivizing green products. All India Coir Mattress Manufacturers' Association has been appealing to the Centre to classify such coir products under essential list or low tax bracket.Major companies operating in the mattress market of India are Kurlon Enterprise Limited, Sheela Foam Limited, Peps Industries Pvt. Ltd., Springwel Mattresses Pvt. Ltd. and Coirfoam (India) Private Limited.Bonafide Research & Marketing Pvt. Ltd.Steven Thomas – Sales & Marketing ManagerE-mail: sales@bonafideresearch.com Telephone: +91-265-2331309/+91-7878231309Website: http://bonafideresearch.com/
MIAMI-DADE COUNTY, Fla. - Two people were seriously hurt after pickup truck crashed into a palm tree Saturday in southwest Miami-Dade County, officials said.
Miami-Dade Fire Rescue Lt. Felipe Lay said the crash happened just before 10:30 a.m. at 125th Avenue and 40th Street.
More Miami-Dade County Headlines
Rescue workers at the scene had to pry the victims from vehicle, Lay said.
The photos from the scene of the crash show part of a palm tree jutting out the roof of the passenger side the truck.
The victims were taken to Kendall Regional Medical Center, Lay said. Both victims were listed in critical condition.
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
April 3 Compagnie du Bois Sauvage SA:
* Sale of the stake in the company Ogeda (formerly euroscreen)
* Compagnie du Bois Sauvage has agreed to present its stake to purchase offer of 100 pct of securities of company Ogeda
* Should book during first half of 2017 a positive non-recurring result of 5.5 euros ($5.87) per share Cie du Bois Sauvage Source text for Eikon: See also: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9370 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
ATHENS, March 29 Greece's OPAP, Europe's fourth-biggest betting firm, posted on Wednesday a 6.7 percent rise in fourth-quarter net profit, helped by a lower tax rate.
Net profit came in at 55.1 million euros ($59.28 million), up from 51.7 million euros in the last quarter in 2015.
It will pay a total dividend of 0.72 euros a share, up from 0.40 euros it paid on 2015 results. ($1 = 0.9295 euros) (Reporting by Angeliki Koutantou)
LONDON Unilever (ULVR.L) (UNc.AS) reported a surprise pick up in quarterly sales growth on Thursday, boosting its argument that it can improve performance on its own after spurning a $143 billion takeover offer from Kraft Heinz (KHC.O) in February.
The maker of Knorr soups and Dove soap, which earlier this month announced a business revamp in response to the takeover interest, said improving economies and rising commodity costs helped it to lift prices in the first quarter.
That offset a small dip in the volume of goods sold.
Chief Financial Officer Graeme Pitkethly said there was always a delay between economic improvements and a pickup in household spending and so Unilever expected a better performance in the second half of the year, helped also by its own easier year-on-year comparisons.
"We are seeing positive signs in the economy overall," he told Reuters, talking about a "bottoming out" of currency devaluations in places such as India, Indonesia and Brazil.
Unilever's underlying sales growth of 2.9 percent topped analysts' expectations of 2.0 percent and 2.2 percent growth in the fourth quarter of 2016.
Growth was led by emerging markets, while pricing added 3 percent and the dip in volumes took off 0.1 percent.
The results, which outshone those of rival Nestle (NESN.S), sent Unilever's shares up 1.5 percent to 39.94 pounds, leaving them more than 19 percent higher than before Kraft's unsolicited, and swiftly rejected, offer.
Nestle, the world's largest packaged food company, posted sales growth of only 2.3 percent. Compared with Unilever, Nestle has much more exposure to the shrinking North American packaged food market, where a late Easter and one less trading day in the quarter compounded weakness due to changing consumer tastes and intense competition.
Even at Unilever, food was the weakest division, coming in flat, whereas the ice cream and tea business rose 5.4 percent and home and personal care products rose 3.4 percent.
Excluding the margarine and spreads business, which is to be sold, Unilever's group underlying sales would have risen 3.4 percent. Pitkethly said it was "a bit of a relief" to be able to finally "engage wholeheartedly" with private equity suitors which have been circling the unit for some time.
NEW UNILEVER
In a statement, Chief Executive Paul Polman said the results reconfirmed the strength of Unilever's business model.
To appease investors, some of which were disappointed by the company's refusal to engage in takeover talks, Unilever announced plans this month aimed at lifting shareholder returns.
It said it aimed to cut more costs, boost margins, buy back shares, increase the dividend, sell or spin off its margarine business, combine its remaining food businesses into one unit and review its dual Anglo-Dutch structure.
"For Unilever, the future starts here," said Steve Clayton, fund manager of the Hargreaves Lansdown Select equity funds. "Their commitment to stronger capital and income returns to shareholders from a reinvigorated portfolio is hugely welcome."
With portfolio weightings nearing 5 percent, Unilever is the largest position in the two funds Clayton manages, which together account for 505 million pounds.
Unilever's turnover rose 6.1 percent to 13.3 billion euros (11.13 billion pounds) in the first quarter, including a foreign exchange boost of 2.4 percent.
The company reiterated this month's forecast for 2017 sales growth of 3-5 percent, with margins growing at least 80 basis points and a dividend increase of 12 percent.
(Reporting by Martinne Geller; Editing by Susan Fenton and Mark Potter)
CAIRO Islamic State's branch in Egypt's Sinai Peninsula posted a video on Tuesday depicting the beheading of two men the militant Islamist group said it had found guilty of practicing witchcraft and sorcery.
The video, posted on a Telegram channel often used by IS, showed the group forming a religious police unit known as the Hasbah in northern Sinai, where it has waged an insurgency for years. The rugged, thinly populated peninsula borders Israel, Gaza and the Suez Canal.
No comment was immediately available from Egypt's military or Interior Ministry.
In the video, two elderly men appear in orange jumpsuits and are taken out of a black van and led to the desert, where they are beheaded. A man reads out what he says is a verdict from a Sharia court condemning them to death for "apostasy, sorcery, claiming the ability to tell the future, and leading people to polytheism."
Islamic State uses the terms sorcerers and heretics to refer to adherents of Sufism, a non-violent form of Islam involving mystical rituals that has been practised for centuries.
IS has killed hundreds of soldiers and police in Sinai since 2013, when fighting intensified, but the video shows the militants are expanding their activities to target civilians.
"Thanks be to God who has allowed the Islamic State's soldiers in Sinai in applying his law and instituting religion in spite of all the infidels, apostates and envious Jews," one fighter can be seen and heard saying.
In the video, which is also notable for the fact that the men speaking in it are unmasked, fighters are shown seizing trucks full of cigarettes and drugs, and then burning them.
They are also seen handing out fliers with religious advice to motorists at checkpoints and raiding a Sufi gathering and arresting a number of men, who are given a religious sermon and then made to sign a document saying they will repent.
Fighters are also seen smashing television sets and satellite dishes, destroying tombs they say go against Islamic burial laws, and using sticks to beat men accused of smuggling.
They are also shown blowing up what they describe as Sufi shrines.
Islamic State has instituted similar religious police units in Syrian and Iraqi territories it controls. The Egyptian branch first showed signs of expanding its goals beyond fighting security forces when in December it bombed a church adjoining Cairo's St Mark's Cathedral, the seat of the Coptic papacy, killing 28 people.
In February the militants threatened all Egyptian Christians, the Middle East's largest Christian community, in a video, and began circulating names of Christians who must leave Sinai or die.
Within a period of three weeks they killed seven Christians, prompting almost 200 families to flee northern Sinai, church officials and human rights groups say.
(Reporting by Ahmed Aboulenein and Ali Abdelaty; Editing by Mark Trevelyan)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
One person is believed to have died in a crash involving a car and a truck in Canterbury.
State Highway 1 is currently closed in both directions as emergency workers respond to the crash on the Rakaia Bridge.
The incident took place at 2.42pm.
A St John spokesman confirmed two ambulances, a first-response vehicle and a rescue helicopter also attended.
Advertisement
The spokesman believed the crash was between a car and a truck.
One person has been transported to Christchurch Hospital with minor injuries, while no further details were available on other people involved at this stage.
Local diversions are in place and the highway is closed in both directions.
The closure is expected to remain in place for the rest of the evening and possibly into the early hours of the morning.
Motorists travelling between Christchurch and Ashburton are recommended to use State Highways 77 and 73 via Methven and Darfield.
This route is about 60km longer than State Highway 1 route, and will likely add 40 minutes to the usual travel time between Ashburton and Christchurch.
This detour is appropriate for HPMV and 50MAX vehicles, however 30kmh speed restrictions are in place for three bridges on the north side of the Rakaia River.
They are the Rakaia Gorge Bridge, Hawkins River Bridge and Waianiwaniwa Bridge. These speed restrictions must be adhered too.
A sign posted detour is also in place for southbound vehicles from Dunsandel.
CAPE TOWN (Reuters) - South Africa coach Allister Coetzee has been sacked after a tumultuous two years in charge of the Springboks, South African Rugby announced on Friday.
His departure came just days after the leaking of an explosive letter in which Coetzee accused SA Rugby of setting him up to fail.
“First and foremost we had to assess what is in the best interests of the Springboks,” said Jurie Roux, the chief executive officer of SA Rugby.
“We'd like to thank Allister for his passion and dedication to the Springbok cause and wish him every success in his next role.”
Rassie Erasmus, recently appointed as SA Rugby's director of rugby, is expected to take over the job later this month.
Coetzee took over from Heyneke Meyer following a bronze medal finish for the Boks at the 2015 World Cup in England, but won just 11 of his 25 matches in charge.
His tenure included a first ever home loss to Ireland, and later a record 38-3 rout to the same side, a maiden defeat at the hands of Italy, a humiliating record 57-0 away thumping in New Zealand and their worst home loss when they were beaten 57-15 by the All Blacks in 2016.
Coetzee's first year in charge was also the worst in Bok history as they won only four of their 12 tests, a record that was improved marginally with seven wins in 13 games in 2017.
SET UP TO FAIL
But he believes South African Rugby had put impediments in his path to success and that essentially he was doomed to fail from the moment he took over.
“I was the most successful Super Rugby coach at the time of my appointment and was requested to return to Springbok rugby from Japan because my country needed me,” Coetzee wrote in a letter to SA Rugby that was leaked to the media last week.
“My treatment since my return suggested that elements in SARU (SA Rugby) embarked on a deliberate attempt to undermine me from the word go and to create the public impression of incompetence on my part whilst wilfully obstructing my efforts to be successful.”
Coetzee was reportedly unhappy that he was not allowed to select his own backroom staff and that SA Rugby instituted a ban on the selection of overseas-based players who had not featured in more than 30 caps the Boks.
Coetzee leaves the side positioned sixth in the World Rugby rankings and ahead of a three-test home series against England in June.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A mum spotted her husband with 'another woman' while holding their baby in a background shot on The Apprentice this week.
The BBC One reality contest returned with a raft of new contestants this week.
But one viewer got more than she bargained for when she tuned into the return of the Lord Alan Sugar-fronted TV contest.
Journalist Rosa Silverman was alerted to her husband's accidental star turn when her friend spotted him.
Her husband was seen sitting at a table in Pop Brixton in a background shot as the two teams battled it out by selling burgers.
According to the Mirror, the friend wrongly believing at first that the mystery woman was Ms Silverman.
She thought the whole family had been caught by cameramen, but another pal who got in touch realised it wasn't and called her too.
Ms Silverman looked and realised that the woman definitely wasn't wearing her coat - later joking that the "Other Woman" had better grooming.
That's when she started asking her husband questions - and the mystery deepened when he claimed he couldn't remember the coffee meeting at all.
Eventually the couple realised that the 'other woman' was in fact a mutual friend of the pair - and both could breathe a sigh of relief.
Writing in the Telegraph , Ms Silverman said: "Even if you're just sitting at a picnic table, having a coffee with a friend, it seems you are not safe.
"For this, it transpired, is what my husband was doing. After some time, he finally remembered: the Other Woman was in fact one of our mutual pals.
"He had further photographic evidence from the day itself to prove it.
"Not that I ever doubted him, naturally."
Though one friend 'helpfully' mentioned that just because she was a friend, it didn't mean he wasn't cheating.
Bangalore, India May 30, 2018: PROLIM Global Corporation is pleased to announce the addition of Aaditya Vidyarthi as Head of APAC and Europe. He is responsible for the overall management and strategic direction of PROLIM's business in these two key geographies, effective immediately.
Aaditya joins PROLIM from Siemens PLM Software, where he was responsible for mid-market sales of the Siemens PLM Software portfolio. He played a key role in transforming and expanding PLM solutions for the mid-market industries, including automotive, industrial machinery, etc. Prior to Siemens PLM, Aaditya held several sales leadership positions at Dassault Systems, Accelrys India, IBM, and HCL Systems.
Aaditya is experienced in several technology domains, including CAD, CAM, Cloud computing, ALM, PLM, and ERP. He has led large consulting engagements.
Aaditya is an accomplished business leader, motivator, and mentor in Multinational PLM and IT Organizations in India. He is an expert in challenger sales, enterprise consultative sales, business conversations, resource optimization, value creation, and competitive differentiation. Aaditya's professional success is strongly based in his unique formula: “Never lost a Competitive Opportunity, never won it on the Price.” He strongly believes in bringing a unique insight to a business opportunity, based on competitive differentiators.
Aaditya has a Bachelor of Engineering degree and Post Graduate degree in Business Management from SP Jain Institute, Mumbai, India.
LONDON, April 6 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Cities must find ways to tap major private investment fast if they are to build the "green" infrastructure needed to help prevent global warming reaching dangerous levels, experts say.
The 90 cities in an international network of megacities committed to tackling climate change - called C40 - will need to raise $375 billion by 2020 for low-carbon transport, buildings and other infrastructure, the group says.
Even more is needed worldwide to keep global warming to well below 2 degrees Celsius above pre-industrial levels, as agreed under the Paris climate deal which took effect last year.
"If we don't fix this infrastructure problem, then cities will grow far beyond the 1.5 degree pathway they need to be on," said James Alexander, C40's city finance programme director.
"The scale of action that's required is absolutely enormous," he told the Thomson Reuters Foundation.
The C40 network includes London, Paris, Mexico City, Washington and Cape Town. Some 70 percent of its cities are already seeing the effects of climate change, a rise from 50 percent just two years ago, Alexander said.
Low-carbon projects in cities are too small, too risky and lack a track record in attracting finance, Shirley Rodrigues, London's deputy mayor for environment and energy, told an international meeting of city officials and investors this week in London.
"These are issues that are very common to all cities," she said. "We need to bring down the cost of finance, we need to unlock more public and private investment ... and increase the use of innovative green finance mechanisms such as green bonds."
Some investors are ready to put billions of dollars into environment-friendly infrastructure, but need more long-term stability and incentives.
"The equity wants to play. It's not earning anything at the moment in a low interest-rate environment," said Esme Lowe, managing director of property at Impax Asset Management, an investment firm managing and advising on $6.8 billion.
But investors need the stability that comes with joined-up thinking and predictable action by governments, he said.
"Governments tend to change the rules so regularly," he added. "If you want ... equity at scale from pension funds and other investors, they need to have consistency and confidence that the returns aren't going to be taken away from them."
Major long-term investors like pension funds will also deploy faster and at larger scale if there are more incentives like tax benefits or capital allowances, he said.
Cities in developing countries need the skills to turn ideas and big visions into finance-ready bankable projects, C40's Alexander said.
Because many green technologies are new, they bring an inherent risk for investors, he added.
"Cities need to start working with the financial sector to create the innovative mechanisms that can help de-risk these projects," he said.
ELECTRIC BUSES
In Latin America, Mexico City is planning to create the region's first electric bus fleet.
It needs to raise private investment to pay for this - electric buses are triple the price of diesel ones - but the main challenge is organising the different groups involved, said Gustavo Jimenez Vera, senior project advisor at GIZ, who is working on the project.
Most operators own just two or three buses each, so to attract private investment they have to form a single company, he said.
"The money, I think, is there. You just need to make sure you're creditworthy to get it," he said.
Creditworthiness is a major challenge for cities in countries with poor credit ratings, which make it harder and more expensive for them to attract money from capital markets.
Cape Town, for example, will likely find it tougher to entice investors after South Africa's credit rating was cut to junk status this week by agency S&P, said Kevin Jacoby, Cape Town's chief financial officer.
"Even if their financial situation is much healthier than the national government's, (cities) will be affected by the macro situation," said Naoko Ishii, CEO of the Global Environment Facility, which is looking at how to help cities borrow money more cheaply.
Another source of cash is major development finance institutions like the World Bank and Asian Development Bank. But cities seeking loans from them have to be guaranteed by their national government, Ishii said.
Seattle is using taxation - including property, sales and motor vehicle taxes - to help fund its infrastructure projects, said Scott Kubly, director of transportation in the U.S. city.
"You can have all the creative financing in the world, but if you don't have the funding to pay (it) back... then it's not going to do you any good," he said. (Reporting by Alex Whiting @Alexwhi, editing by Megan Rowling; Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, climate change, resilience, women's rights, trafficking and property rights. Visit news.trust.org/climate)
Its Signature Lights Out! Initiative Will Save More Than 3.4 Million Watts of Energy
Goddard image
Contact
Kim Le / Brandy Shuman
kle@konnectagency.com Kim Le / Brandy Shuman
End
--, the nation's premier preschool franchise system focusing on learning through play for children from six weeks to six years old, announces the seventh annual Root for Earth campaign. More than 460 Goddard Schools participate in the weeklong Root for Earth celebration, which encourages families, children and communities to celebrate our planet and learn the importance of environmentally sustainable practices.From April 17 through April 21, the Root for Earth campaign will engage preschoolers at The Goddard School in a variety of eco-friendly hands-on projects, such as building robots from recyclable materials, planting gardens, hosting fashion shows of outfits made from reused materials and participating in other activities inspired by STEAM (science, technology, engineering, art and math) that foster creativity and imagination. Additionally, each School will participate in an Upcycling Challenge, where the children turn discarded materials into new creations. Their upcycled projects will be shared on The Goddard School's national Facebook page ( https://www.facebook.com/ goddardschool ), where members of the public can vote for their favorite project from Monday, May 8, to Friday, May 12. Winners will be announced on Monday, May 15.On Friday, April 21, the day before Earth Day, all 462 Goddard School preschools will participate in Root for Earth's signature Lights Out! initiative. The preschools will turn off all non-essential lighting for an hour beginning at 10 AM local time, which could save more than 3.4 million watts of energy.'s yearly Root for Earth campaign cultivates environmental stewardship in children and provides them with the tools needed to become advocates for our planet," said Dr. Craig Bach, Vice President of Education at Goddard Systems, Inc., the franchisor of The Goddard School. "The activities not only instill a sense of environmental responsibility in the students, but also help to build an understanding of how our planet works and how to care for it properly."preschool's play-based curriculum includes environmentally focused lessons that encourage children to explore the world around them, apply their knowledge at home and make sustainable choices that will benefit the ecosystem.For more information on The Goddard School and the Root for Earth campaign, visit www.goddardschool.com/ rootforearth # # #(http://www.goddardschool.com/)Learning for fun. Learning for life.For nearly 30 years, The Goddard School has used the most current, academically endorsed methods to ensure that children from six weeks to six years old have fun while learning the skills they need for long-term success in school and in life. Talented teachers collaborate with parents to nurture children into respectful, confident and joyful learners. The Goddard School's AdvancED- and Middle States-accredited F.L.EX.Learning Program (Fun Learning Experience) reaches more than 65,000 students in more than 460 Goddard Schools in 36 states. The Goddard School's comprehensive play-based curriculum, developed with early childhood education experts, provides the best childhood preparation for social and academic success. To learn more about The Goddard School, please visit www.goddardschool.com.
Recently Samanage, a vendor that offers an enterprise service management platform, released the results of a survey that looked into the use of technology within organizations and specifically how impactful technology is on organizational productivity.
The survey, fielded to nearly 3,000 U.S. working adults, found that workers spend an average of 520 hours a year -- more than one full day's work each week -- on repetitive services and tasks that could be easily automated. This includes things like password reset requests, new employee onboarding, contract review and approval, and office supply requests, to name a few.
Samanage calculated that based on the average national hourly wage of $25.39 this translates to businesses losing $13,202.80 a year, per employee, on unproductive tasks. With a U.S. labor force of more than 140 million, this totals a collective loss of $1.8 trillion annually.
Some other findings of note from the survey:
Generation X (age 35-54) is the largest group using technology at work. While many may think millennials are using they most tech, they actually aren't.
One in four workers thinks their company's technology and policies hurt their work productivity (25.4%). Young millennials are the biggest group to believe that technology and policies at work impede productivity (30.9%), with baby boomers coming in second.
More than one in three employees (36.8%) believe their company's technology is outdated and nearly 40% of millennials believe their company's technology is outdated. One in five workers (18.2%) admitted to downloading and using an application without their IT department's knowledge.
Survey respondents indicated that automating non-essential tasks (20.2%), having access to a more mobile-friendly device (12.2%) and using cloud-based apps to access work documents (9.5%) would help increase productivity at work.
And, at the end of the day, the conclusion the survey authors come to is that applying technology to automate formerly manual tasks is the panacea for all ills:
"The findings clearly show that workers want to change in the workplace. IT policies and access to smarter technology not only allow for automation of non-essential tasks, but for individual improvement in productivity,” said Randy Drawas, chief marketing officer of Samanage. “Outdated, unproductive technology is burdening U.S. businesses and hurting their employees. In order to create a better work life, organizations need to adopt modern technologies that allow them to streamline their internal operations and provide collaborative, easy-to-use technologies that enable employees to spend more time on meaningful and impactful tasks, and far less time on the repetitive and mundane.”
Yes, but...
The mantra of "automate all the processes" is an appealing one, and one which is heard, ad nauseum, from the Silicon Valley set. Taken in isolation, it's a valid conclusion to make, if there are inefficiencies in the system, using technology to remove them all is an attractive option. But it is an option that sadly ignores the unintended consequences of the approach.
It's a theme that I have written about previously, calling for a deeper discussion about the impacts of automation. In that case, it was in the context of ridesharing service Uber. Uber's CEO, Travis Kalanick has very openly discussed his ambition of no longer needing those pesky drivers and instead relying on autonomous vehicles for the service. That makes sense from an efficiency perspective, but raises questions. As I asked, only partially rhetorically, in my previous post:
Simply put, is it preferable to have a degree of inefficiency in the system that allows for those who can't be graphic designers or computer engineers to still do something worthwhile. Or alternatively, should we make everything as efficient as possible without a thought about the human consequences.
So in the abstract, this survey, and its findings, make perfect sense. But when overlaid onto a view of society that includes the reality for so-called "low-skill" workers, the situation changes. And that's something we need to continuously bear in mind.
This article is published as part of the IDG Contributor Network. Want to Join?
UPDATE 1-Goldman Sachs raises $7 bln for new private equity fund -sources
June 14 Goldman Sachs Group Inc has raised around $7 billion for its new private equity fund, near the top of its targeted goal, according to two people familiar with the matter.
Submarines are seen at a navy base in Kaohsiung, Taiwan March 21, 2017. Picture taken March 21, 2017. REUTERS/Tyrone Siu
TAIPEI Taiwan plans to build eight submarines to bolster its current fleet of four ageing foreign-built vessels, a senior Taiwanese navy official said on Wednesday.
"In our indigenous submarine project, we hope to be able to make eight submarines," Lee Tsung-hsiao, navy chief of staff, told lawmakers, confirming publicly for the first time the number of vessels being planned.
Cheng Wen-lon, chairman of state-controlled shipbuilder CSBC Corp Taiwan, which has been contracted to build the submarines, also told lawmakers that the initial design will be fully completed by early 2018.
Military and defence industry officials in Taiwan have said the first submarine is expected to go into operation within 10 years.
Lee's comments come ahead of the first meeting between leaders of the United States and China this week that Taipei has fretted could harm its interest.
China regards democratic Taiwan part of its territory and has never renounced the use of force to take control of what it sees as a wayward province.
The United States is obligated by U.S. law to help Taiwan defend itself, but its arms sales to Taiwan angers Beijing and has slowed down the pace of sales, defence experts said.
Taiwan and the United States, its sole arms supplier, are currently engaged in fresh arms sales talks.
Last month, Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen vowed that her administration would see through the indigenous submarine programme as she toured one of the navy's four aging submarines, purchased from the United States and Netherlands at least 30 years ago.
Taiwan has never built a submarine before and will need to rely on foreign technology support to make an advanced vessel, defence experts have said.
Taiwan's submarine project is in the middle of a four-year design contract phase budgeted at T$3 billion ($98.69 million)that began in 2016.
($1 = 30.3980 Taiwan dollars)
(Reporting by J.R. Wu; Editing by Michael Perry)
March 30 Elite Advanced Laser Corp:
* Says it will use undistributed profit to pay cash dividends of T$ 6.5 per share to shareholders for 2016
* To use undistributed profit to distribute stock dividend worth T$ 2.0 for every one share
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/bHoNYq
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Sixteen-year-old Murad Rahimov peered down into a gigantic space he had only dreamed about before: the world's largest clean room, kept scrupulously free of any dust or contamination, where NASA assembles and tests spacecraft before launch.
Murad's eyes gleamed and a smile played on his face as he took it all in — the scientists encased in sterile white suits; the replica of the massive new space telescope, the most powerful ever built, that will study the first galaxies born after the Big Bang.
Murad is obsessed with space. He has been ever since he was three, back in his home country Uzbekistan. His young imagination was sparked when his aunt gave him a picture book about space, and he couldn't stop looking at the images of the solar system. Soon after, he told his parents his dream: He wanted to become an astronaut and work for NASA.
On this recent day, he was getting a private tour of NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Md., thanks to an NPR listener who heard about Murad's passion for space in a story that aired earlier this year. In January, NPR profiled the Rahimov family on the day they became naturalized as U.S. citizens. The Rahimovs immigrated to the U.S. from Uzbekistan in 2010, when Murad was nine. When they first landed in Kansas City, Murad spoke no English. Now, heading into his junior year of high school, he's on an accelerated track, taking extra classes in the summer and packing his schedule with AP courses.
Listener Aaron Schnittman heard that story on the radio, and his ears perked up when he heard that Murad's goal is to work for NASA. He emailed NPR that same day, that his brother is a research astronomer working for NASA at Goddard. "I think it would be a cool follow up to connect the son to my brother and help him make the connections needed to pursue studies in astronomy," he wrote.
Cool, indeed. The connection was made, emails were exchanged, and last week, at the invitation of Jeremy Schnittman, Murad and his mother, Limara Rahimova, made the trip to Goddard outside Washington, D.C. Schnittman, an astrophysicist who specializes in black holes, spent several hours showing the Rahimovs the inner workings of the space flight center and sharing his enthusiasm for space science.
Murad was clearly in his element, sporting a t-shirt with a picture of the Millennium Falcon spaceship from Star Wars, and a line from the movie: "the fastest hunk of junk in the galaxy."
He and his mother got to see the giant cryo-vac chamber where spacecraft are tested to find out if they'll withstand the extreme temperatures of space. They walked inside the acoustic chamber that blasts spacecraft with earsplitting sound to simulate the vibration of launch. They toured the laser lab where scientists are fine-tuning measurements to detect gravitational waves. "Amazing," Murad marveled.
Back in his office, ("black hole central," as he calls it) Schnittman talked with Murad about his research into how light gets bent around black holes. Naturally, they both share a hero in Albert Einstein, whose photo Schnittman keeps pinned above his desk. "It's remarkable," Schnittman said. "It's over 100 years since Einstein did all of this stuff, and still, everything is Einstein. Einstein, Einstein, Einstein."
When Murad mused about the possibilities of time travel, Schnittman sounded optimistic. "It's really not that much of a stretch to say that we're one step closer to time travel," he told Murad. "This is something that Einstein predicted 100 years ago. According to the theory, the equations, time travel should be possible. The trick is just building it and getting it to work, but as far as we can tell, there's no rule against it."
The astrophysicist and the would-be astronaut parted ways with the promise to stay in touch.
Later Murad said he loves science because it shows "the sheer awesomeness, the sheer scale of how insignificant and alone we are in the universe. All these petty fights that people have between themselves, they are just insignificant. When you start thinking about space, you get lost in the vastness of it. That's what captivates me the most."
Now that he's a U.S. citizen, he believes his dream of becoming an astronaut is more within reach. He and his brother automatically became citizens when their parents did. Murad was at school the day they took the oath: "I came home and looked at my parents, and felt all this pride," he said. "You could sense that something has changed. They were smiling from ear to ear."
For his mother, Limara, becoming a U.S. citizen has grounded her in a new way. "I felt before like I'm between countries," she said. "But now I feel like I'm staying ...both my feet here in this land."
Limara works at a school, and each morning they all stand for the pledge of allegiance. Before, she said, "it didn't touch me. But now, yes! And I know what each word in the pledge of allegiance means. And it means, for me, a lot."
As for Murad? The rising high school junior has his sights set on going to Cal Tech, and on the Mars mission he dreams of one day leading. "Some people, they tell me to try to get a real job," he said, "of maybe not shooting so high. But nah. I'm shooting for it. I'm gonna chase my dreams."
Meantime, there's a celestial show about to happen, one he's been excited about for years: the total solar eclipse.
Murad's hometown, Kansas City, is a perfect spot to see it: right in the path of totality.
Next Monday he will be outside, watching in awe as the moon slides over the sun, and dreaming big dreams of space.
Executive Director, John Boerstler, accepting the donation on behalf of NextOp
Contact
Lauren Sands
***@nextopvets.org Lauren Sands
End
-- NextOp is very pleased to announce that they have received a generous $5,500 donation from Amegy Bank of Texas. The donation was presented to NextOp's Executive Director, John Boerstler, by President of Amegy Bank-Houston, David E. Stevenson, and Senior Vice President and Community and Business Development Manager of Texas, Bill Palko. It was a special honor to host Bill, who served in the U.S. Army during the Vietnam and Cold War Eras.NextOp is a nonprofit organization that recruits, trains, and places high-performing middle-enlisted military leaders into industry careers. Today's transitioning veterans are highly skilled, dedicated, and adaptable individuals with an unparalleled work ethic. Yet, for many veterans, the transition from military to civilian life is an arduous one. Transferring the talents they honed in the military to an industry where they have few or no connections can be a long and discouraging process. NextOp's successfully transitioned military veteran Employment Coordinators engage other veterans one-on-one to help tailor their resumes, build their professional network, connect with mentors, prepare for interviews, and ultimately transition the valuable skills they have developed in the military into a rewarding and fulfilling civilian career.May is an important month for military individuals and their families, and it is a time to recognize and show appreciation to the Armed Forces of the US for their service and sacrifices. NextOp celebrates this month with the #MilitaryMay campaign by recruiting mentors and raising funds to support their employment programs. Amegy Bank's support of NextOp during #MilitaryMay means that more service men and women will have a successful transition into their next career. NextOp's executive director said "gifts like this make it possible for NextOp to continue to serve our veteran clients. We thank Amegy Bank for this generous donation and for their commitment to helping the local community."NextOp is a 501c3 nonprofit organization that was founded in 2015 by passionate industry executives and veterans in Houston, Texas who were seeking a way to improve the transition of veterans from military life to civilian life. Their mission is to recruit, train, and place high-performing middle-enlisted military leaders into industry careers. For more information on the organization's services, please visit www.nextopvets.org Amegy Bank of Texas, a division of ZB, N.A., a wholly owned subsidiary of Zions Bancorporation, is a leading Texas bank with $13 billion in assets and about 1,600 employees. With more than 75 locations across Houston, Dallas, and San Antonio, Amegy is dedicated to serving Texas communities, families and businesses. Founded in 1990, Amegy has a strong tradition of relationship banking, local decision making and financial expertise. Amegy specializes in banking businesses of all sizes and has the resources to provide financing, treasury management solutions, international banking, as well as other specialized services. Equally important, the bank offers individuals and families a wide range of depositories, lending, and mortgage solutions. Either directly or through its affiliates, Amegy offers wealth management, trust and brokerage services*.If you would like more information about this topic, please contact Lauren Sands at (281) 543-4815 or email at Lauren@nextopvets.org.
It's that time of year again when the LA County Fair returns to the Fairplex in Pomona. What started in 1922 as a 5-day gathering of 100,000 people enjoying chariot races, harness racing, and a very exciting toothpaste-making demo, has transformed into the largest country fair in the U.S. with attendance ten times as large. This year the fair is embracing past tradition with blue ribbon contests, even more adorable farm animals than before, hula hoop and bubblegum-blowing contests, food competitions, and much more.
Where & When
Los Angeles County Fair
1101 W. McKinley Ave.
Pomona, CA 91768
(909) 623-3111
www.fairplex.com
Dates: Friday, September 1, 2017 – Sunday, September 24, 2017 Pricing & Admission
Adults: $14 on weekdays; $20 on weekends & holidays
Children 6-12: $8 on weekdays; $12 on weekends & holidays
Seniors 60+: $10 on weekdays; $15 on weekends & holidays
Children aged 5 and under: free Season passes are available for $29.99. Group tickets and picnic packages are also available, and new to this year is a Passport to Savings Coupon Book including over 100 food, ride, shopping, and attraction offers valued at $1,000. Find a complete price listing here.
Getting There & Where to Stay
The L.A. County Fair is right off the 10 freeway in Pomona, conveniently located off the Fairplex Dr. exit. General parking is $15, or splurge on VIP parking for $25 (when available at Gate 17 and 9), or Valet (Gate 3) for $30. If you're planning to go a few times, a season pass for $60 might be your best bet. With the Fairplex right near the L.A./San Bernardino County line, the location can be a bit of a trek. If you'd rather not hassle with the drive twice in one day, consider staying at the newly renovated Sheraton Fairplex Hotel & Conference Center. Not only is it a super convenient place to rest your head after a day of fun, but they also offer exclusive fair packages including discounted tickets for concerts and fair admission. You can also bring a tent, camper, trailer, or RV and “rough” it at the Fairplex KOA.
What To Eat
It's all about great food at the Los Angeles County Fair. This year the Fair is pulling out all the stops, with offerings ranging from light and healthy to devilishly decadent. Deep-fried, on a stick, covered in chocolate, full of bacon, there's no wrong way to feast at the fair. Over 1,2000 different menu items are ready to tantalize your tastebuds this year, including returning favorites like: Plant Food for People
Back for a second year after a wildly successful first, Plant Food for People is offering a menu of all plant-based Mexican inspired cuisine. Vegans and non-vegans alike flock to their shredded jackfruit tacos, as well as their vegan nachos with homemade “cheeze” and tortas. It's a good choice for some lighter fair fare. Chicken Charlie's
Fair favorite Chicken Charlie's is returning with two locations dishing up the ultimate in deep-fried everything. Don't miss the Funnel Cake Burrito: a flour tortilla with deep-fried funnel cake, scoops of apple pie filling and vanilla ice cream, topped with cinnamon and caramel. He's also serving up his popular Krispy Kreme Ice Cream Chicken Sandwich, and Krispy Kreme Cheeseburger. The Midway Gourmet
Food vendor for the carnival and Ray Cammack Shows, The Midway Gourmet is offering spectacular fair food at his stands throughout the area. He's firing things up by putting a Flamin' Hot Cheetos twist on roasted corn on the cob, cheese fries, and pizza, and cooling it down with Nitro Pop (think frozen popcorn ice cream). He's also bringing his TV-famous “The Pickle Cheese” to the carnival, a jalapeño cheese filled dill pickle, dipped in corn dog batter, and deep fried. Afters Ice Cream
Uber popular ice cream shop Afters is joining the fair for the first time this year, selling their famous “Milky Buns” donut ice cream sandwiches, and individual scoops. A few fair flavors include: Cookie Monster (bright blue vanilla ice cream with crushed Oreos, Famous Amos cookies, and a fudge swirl), Milk & Cereal (sweet cream ice cream blended with house-made corn flake topping, topped with more caramelized cornflake topping), and just for the fair, a Deep-Fried Twinkie flavor featuring the dessert swirled throughout Twinkie-infused ice cream. Other Notable Eats
Many of last year's big and unique food hits are also returning, like Deep Fried Guacamole, Kool-Aid Hot Wings, Deep Fried Butter, Chicken and Waffle on a Stick, Bacon-Cheddar Brat Burgers, Affogato Ice Cream Sundaes, and of course every form of funnel cake imaginable.
Wine, Beer, and Spirits Marketplace
Not exactly food, but just as important to many fairgoers is the return of the Wine, Beer, and Spirits Marketplace. Inside you'll find a showcase of some of the finest domestic and international drinks around. Partake in a tequila tasting or a wine education class – there's no wrong way to raise a glass and say salud!
Top Attractions
The Magical World of Dragons, Wizards and Beasts
Location: Building 10
Enter a realm of fantasy and imagination as you step inside a gothic castle filled with interactive experiences, knights, wizards, and beasts both real and imagined. Visit dragon perches, listen to Merlogan the tale-spinning wizard, and see if you can catch references to “Game of Thrones” and “Harry Potter” while engaging with interactive devices full of pop culture info. Art Classic Presents: One Path Two Journeys
Location: Millard Sheets Art Center
The Millard Sheets Art Center is participating in the Getty Museum's initiative Pacific Standard Time: LA/LA program, aimed at exploring Latin American and Latino art in dialogue with the city. The exhibit features works by Judithe Hernandez and Patssi Valdez as part of their “One Path Two Journeys” show. Wonderland: A Floral Fairytale
Location: Flower and Garden Pavilion
Channel your inner Alice and step into a Wonderland of flora and fantasy. Inspired by Lewis Carroll's enchanting novel, the exhibit will transport you down the Rabbit Hole and into a giant display of flowers and plants. Stroll through the gorgeous displays, and behold “woodland creatures” like flamingos, caterpillars, and a hedgehog. The Bug Barn
“Bugs: The Good, The Bad and The Yummy” is shedding light on bugs as a great food source.
Sample dishes from Chef Cricket's Culinary Kitchen & Bug Tasting Bar, serving up cricket tacos, chirper chip cookies, bamboo worms, salted grasshoppers, bug kebobs, and lots more. If you prefer your bugs not as a meal, catch the Creepy Crawler Show. The Igloo
Location: Expo Hall 9
The perfect way to cool off at the fair is at the indoor ice skating rink, The Igloo. Lace up your skates and take a spin around the Polar Ice Rink, and check out unique products at the Arctic Promenade. At night the rink turns after-hours club with DJs spinning away right alongside you. There's an additional $5 charge for all ages to enter. Mojo's Wild & Crazy Lagoon
Location: Lagoon
There's no business like monkey business, and the fair's resident Capuchin monkey and her animal friends are ready to teach you a thing or two about it. Learn about the native habitats of various exotic animals, and get close-up with reptiles, birds, kangaroos, capybara, peacocks, and a few animals you've probably never even heard of. Evening fairgoers will have the chance to dine with the animals (times posted daily), and see Zor, the resident fire eater who incorporates martial arts and dance into his exciting one-man show. Esmeralda's Traveling Circus
Location: Grandstand Neighborhood
Step right up and enjoy the high-flying, daring talent of Esmeralda's Circus. This real traveling circus puts on several must-see-to-believe shows, including Le Cirque Aerial Arts mid-air acrobatics, a Wizard of Oz inspired magical production, The Side Show featuring a 3,000+ pound horse, and a circus school that'll teach you to juggle like a pro. Shows are free, and a nominal fee applies for some attractions.
Rides & Games
Ray Cammack Shows returns again this year, providing the largest midway in the nation. Over 70 thrilling rides await your laughs and screams, including an all-new ferris wheel for 2017. Forty fun-filled games also return to test your skill (and patience), and reward you with large stuffed prizes. Tickets are sold by the pack, and a Carnival Ride Wristband Voucher ($50) is available.
End of Summer Concert Series
No matter your musical taste, the fair has got something for everyone in this year's End of Summer Concert Series. Big names like Fifth Harmony, Chicago, Patti LaBelle & Queen Latifah, Hunter Hayes, and so many more will be gracing the stage. An “I Love the 90s Tour” featuring Salt N Pepa with Spinderella, Biz Markie, All 4 One, Color Me Badd, Coolio, and Rob Base kicks off the series on night one, September 1st.
Article by Kellie Fell.
After a four-year hiatus, the Outlander is set to make a comeback with the updated third-gen model which was launched across the globe in 2016.
The article was updated with the India-spec Outlander info on April 24, 2018
As buyers slowly making a beeline for petrol-powered cars again, popular nameplates that disappeared thanks to the lack of a diesel powertrain in the country a few years ago are now making a comeback. After Honda launched the Accord in late 2016, Mitsubishi is now all set to relaunch the Outlander in India. If you remember, the Outlander was discontinued back in 2013 when the second-gen model was phased out across the globe.
The Japanese automaker will launch the third-generation facelift model in the coming months. The third-generation, which went on sale globally in 2013, never made it to India due to the poor sales record of the petrol-only second-gen model. Let's see what the upcoming Outlander has in store for us!
Here's what happened since it was discontinued from India!
Pictured: The second-gen Outlander facelift that Mitsubishi used to sell in India
The third-generation model made its debut at the 2012 Geneva Motor Show and was on sale in almost every market by 2013 except India. For the first time, this nameplate received an electrified powertrain too with the Outlander PHEV (plug-in hybrid).
Pictured: 2013 Third-gen Mitsubishi Outlander
The third-generation Outlander has a larger footprint than the second-gen model and is also 90kg lighter than the older SUV thanks to its high-tensile steel construction. With a new lightweight body and 7 per cent reduction in aerodynamic drag, the third-gen Outlander is relatively more efficient as well.
Pictured: 2013 Third-gen Mitsubishi Outlander
Pictured: Third-gen Mitsubishi Outlander facelift
The facelift/mid-cycle update of the third-gen SUV made its world debut at the 2015 New York Motor Show as a 2016 model. And it's the third-gen Outlander facelift which we will be receiving in the Indian market.
Pictured: Third-gen Mitsubishi Outlander facelift
Like the second-gen model, the third-gen saw a dramatic makeover in terms of aesthetics with the facelift. In fact, its new design was a harbinger for new-age Mitsubishi models that sport the current ‘Dynamic Shield' design language. Notice the split ‘X' element on its front fascia, which will also be seen on the upcoming India-bound Pajero Sport.
Pictured: Third-gen Mitsubishi Outlander facelift
Features
In India, the Outlander was always a feature-loaded offering in its segment. The second-gen model was packed with HID (high-intensity discharge) headlights, LED tail lamps and the premium Rockford Fosgate sound system to name a few.
The current third-generation SUV added plenty more goodies as opposed to the second-gen model, while its facelift version now offers even more! The Outlander comes with goodies such as 16-inch wheels (215/70 R16 tyres), LED headlights with daytime running LEDs, LED fog lamps, LED tail lamps, sunroof among others.
A 710W Rockford Fosgate sound system will be linked to a 6.1-inch Mitsubishi Smartphone Link infotainment system that also supports rearview camera input. However, the Outlander also offers a bigger 7-inch unit with support for both Apple CarPlay and Android Auto outside India.
As for the safety features, the Outlander packs 7 airbags, including driver's knee airbag. Also offered are HSA (hill start assist), ABS (anti-lock braking system) with EBD (electronic brake-force distribution), ASC (active stability control) with TCL (traction control logic).
The Outlander comes standard with a removable third-row seat (seven-seater) and offers all-black cabin.
Colour Options
Black Pearl
Cosmic Blue
Orient Red
Cool Silver
While Solid
While Pearl
Titanium Grey
Mechanicals
Like before, the India-spec Outlander is powered by the 2.4-litre MIVEC (Mitsubishi Innovative Valve timing Electronic Control) naturally-aspirated petrol engine. Other global engine options include a 2.0-litre petrol, a 2.2-litre diesel, a 2.0-litre V6 petrol and a plug-in hybrid variant. The 2.4-litre petrol puts out identical 167PS of max power at 6000rpm and 222Nm of peak torque at 4200rpm. The motor is coupled to a CVT automatic transmission with paddle shifters (6-speed sports mode) and comes with Mitsubishi Super All-Wheel Control (S-AWC) setup.
Price and Rivals
Like the second-gen model, the upcoming Outlander is expected to be a CBU (completely built up) import in the country. The prices are said to fall in the range of Rs 27-29 lakh. With its standard seven-seat, the new Outlander will rival the upcoming Honda CR-V seven-seater and the Volkswagen Tiguan.
Must See: Mitsubishi Pajero Sport Select Plus Launched in India At Rs 28.88 Lakh
This Story has not been edited by ABP News. It has been published through cardekho.com feed directly.
ANZ Bank New Zealand said it's exploring an initial public offering for UDC Finance after a planned $660 million sale to Chinese conglomerate HNA Group was rejected by the Overseas Investment Office in December.
ANZ NZ chief executive David Hisco said an IPO was "part of a range of strategic options for UDC's future" as part of ANZ's strategy to simplify the bank and improve capital efficiency.
Read More: Jamie Gray: UDC float would be welcome addition to market
"While UDC is continuing to perform well and there is no immediate requirement to make decisions after last year's planned sale to HNA did not proceed it makes sense to keep examining a broad range of options for UDC's future," Hisco said. "This will include exploring whether, subject to market conditions, an IPO would be in the interests of UDC's staff and customers, and ANZ shareholders.
Advertisement
"The range of strategic options we have for UDC, including approaches we have received regarding the business and the option of retaining it, will take a number of months to examine before any decision is made," Hisco said. "In the meantime, it will continue to be business as usual for UDC."
The HNA sale was first announced by ANZ in January 2017, but was terminated a year later after the OIO declined the application because it did not determine who the relevant overseas person was from the information provided about ownership and control interests.
Dual listed parent Australia & New Zealand Banking Group's shares last traded at $29.87 on the NZX and have dropped 13 percent in the past 12 months.
- BusinessDesk
The global blockchain bases platform for culture and art industry.Myart project.
Myart: The global blockchain bases platform for culture and art industry.Revolutionizing culture and art industry with a sharing economy powered by blockchain technology,Myart offers one stop service fully integrated upstream and downstream industry culture art circulation system through track System ,appraise System ,bid System ,warehouse System,lending System,security System which can do make more realist and more effect for culture and art industry.The project has attracted the attention from investors the United States,Nepal,Belarus,Albania,Korea, Thailand,China Hong Kong and other countries and regions.
About Blockchain,Myart does make artwork information real and transparent.All people participate in community and assess.Conclusion is made by dozens of domestic and foreign authoritative appraisal institutions.Witnessed jointly by thousands of industry masters.All information will be stored in Myart public chain, and can be read but cannot be changed.Myart does make cultural artworks circulation more efficient and more convenient.Participation by all people.Huge market and user potential.Warehousing hosting makes cultural artworks achieve real digitization and more convenient circulation.Quick realization of pledge service.More efficient circulation,Full-range escort by safeguard service allows collection at ease.Perfect supporting mechanism.More efficient and more convenient circulation.
About Art,Myart signed up some of the Chinese best independent galleries, art dealers and collectors.Myart also worked with art institution and art university.eg Central Academy of Fine Arts arts management and education department,Professional committee of art industrial park of China culture management association,China arts industrial park alliance,President of the association of artists of Thailand-China the center for economic and trade exchanges,Hong Kong Chinese general chamber of commerce.The world famous cultural and trade organizations and other famous art institutions, colleges and universities have responded positively Myart project.
Check more about Myart Project
Our website
Myart.world
facebook
https://www.facebook.com/MYART.MYT
Our Twitter
Tweets by myart00434985
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Fast and the Furious actor Tyrese Gibson has said he turned down the chance to do his own spin-off from the films as he hit out at Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson for "breaking up the Fast family".
Universal Pictures announced earlier this week the release of the ninth instalment of the franchise would be pushed by a year to April 2020.
Gibson, 38, has played Roman Pearce in five of the Fast and the Furious films.
The actor vented on Instagram to his more than eight million followers as he took a swipe at The Rock, who has appeared in a number of the franchises as Diplomatic Security Service agent Luke Hobbs.
Gibson previously alleged the alteration in the release date of the ninth film was linked to rumours that Johnson would be doing a spin-off of the film based on his character.
According to The Hollywood Reporter, a spin-off is being penned and is likely to focus solely on Hobbs, although some reports have suggested it may also include Jason Statham's character Deckard Shaw.
Gibson posted a photograph of the original Fast cast, including the late Paul Walker, and wrote: "Diversity, love, multi ethnic worldwide multi generational, United Nations, One Race, Fast Family...... Until Dewayne showed up I guess this whole time he had a problem because he wasn't the ONLY ONE on the movie poster.
"I guess dreams do come true congratulations to @hhgarcia41 and @therock you guys are just amazing you really broke up the #FastFamily I tried to warn you guys... You thought I was hating... I was simply fighting to keep the family together what makes us great is when you see us all TOGETHER we don't fly solo.....
"#MyLastPost today... I got 3 years of venting on this clown - They offered but YOU didn't have to agree with a solo #HobbsMovie #OriginalFastFamily we salute you and stand on your shoulders #VinDisel #PaulWalker #RobCohen #RomanTej were offered a spin off we TURNED IT DOWN!!!"
Johnson has not yet commented or responded to any of Gibson's posts or the reports about the spin-off.
Actor Vin Diesel, who has played one of the franchises main characters, Dominic Toretto, since the first film posted a photograph of himself, Gibson and Walker on Instagram, captioning it: "Brotherhood."
Universal did not give a reason for the shift in dates of the next film.
The latest film in the series, The Fate Of the Furious, which also saw Dame Helen Mirren make a cameo, was a box-office success as it pulled in about 1.2 billion dollars, according to American business publication Forbes.
As history remembers it, Lord Byron was the first famous person obsessed with the idea of staying thin. He hated the way his wife ate supper and hardly ate more than a slice of bread with a cup of tea. He struggled with what we now call anorexia nervosa, and he died at 36.
Since Lord Byron's time in the 1800s, people have come up with plenty of insane ways to lose weight, including taking a pill with a tapeworm. Cysts on your eyes are fine as long as the weight comes off, right? No. This diet is illegal and rightfully so. It can also cause bloating, which completely ruins the whole point anyway.
And then we have lean foods and diet drinks. Here's a tip: it's a trap. Although, there may be less sugar or calories in these foods, the ingredients used to make this happen are so harmful, it's really better to be fat instead of eating them. I'm looking at you Olean and aspartame.
Then there's always this part of me that thinks the media attention given to certain dangerous things is a marketing ploy, made to push consumers to one product or another, or as a means to inspire us to buy into the next best fad backed by someone claiming their way is the safest and best way. I'm happy that there are true food warriors out there, but a healthy dose of skepticism is always necessary in the age of misinformed consumerism.
On one hand, we have food standards and labels that list nutrition facts, but on the other we have legal loopholes that allow certain words like “all natural” to exist on a package of food that contains preservatives and high fructose corn syrup.
This deception is not uncommon for many phrases on foods. The USDA barely defines terms like this, leaving them open to interpretation.
Anyway, considering the dangers and the vast variety of nutrition plans out there, it's tempting to think that dieting is complicated. My thought on this is that we're overthinking it.
Even eating hamburgers and ice cream for every meal is a diet, not a healthy one, but it's what you're eating. A diet isn't cutting out the good stuff, and it isn't a dirty word. A diet is defined as the things you habitually eat. Saying that you're “going on a diet” suggests that it will be short term, and that pattern of thinking has destroyed my own weight loss plans many times.
Dieting is not about eating grapefruit with every meal for six months or never having cake again, the real way to diet is to actually change your lifestyle permanently. You actually change what you feel about what you eat, also known as your diet.
Go ahead. Eat cake. Just don't eat it every day or the whole thing in one sitting.
What really matters is mindset. Good nutrition is what we should really be after. There are different body types, and only about 1 percent of the earth's population is naturally cut out to look like a Barbie doll. Maybe you're descended from Vikings and that little bit of extra husk is supposed to be there to keep from dying when winter comes. Either way, you'll lose weight if you set your nutrition on the right track. That's why newer eating plans make much more sense than eating tapeworms or borderline anorexia.
I'm not a nutritionist, and I'm not going to suggest some miracle plan to save your life and help you lose weight. My only advice to you is buy produce instead of processed food, get active anyway you can, and just have basic self-control. Put down the sugary beverages, definitely don't drink diet and take a walk once in a while.
There may be 1,000 ways to diet, but it's really not that complicated. All it really takes is willpower and common sense.
Sinclaire Sparkman is The Democrat's news editor. Email her at ssparkman@lebanondemocrat.com and follow her on Twitter @wilsoncoreports.
US judge asks Army to revisit environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge on Wednesday said the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers did not fully weigh the impacts of the Dakota Access pipeline and ordered it to reconsider sections of its environmental analysis.
Britain's Heathrow Airport says baggage handling disrupted at two terminals
LONDON, June 15 Europe's biggest airport London Heathrow said some passengers might have to travel without their bags on Thursday after an issue with its baggage system affected Terminals 3 and 5.
April 10 OHR Pharmaceutical Inc:
* OHR Pharmaceutical provides update on ongoing squalamine clinical trial in Wet-Amd
* OHR Pharmaceutical Inc says company now fully funded through efficacy data from ongoing trial and into 2018
* OHR Pharmaceutical Inc says results from ongoing clinical trial in WET-AMD ( MAKO study) expected by end of calendar 2017 or early 2018 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Correction: Fitch Affirms China United Property Insurance at 'A-'; Outlook Stable
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) HONG KONG, June 14 (Fitch) This commentary replaces the version published on 2 June 2017 to update the name of China United Property Insurance Company Limited's immediate parent. Fitch Ratings has affirmed China United Property Insurance Company Limited's (CUPI) Insurer Financial Strength Rating (IFS) at 'A-' (Strong). The Outlook is Stable. KEY RATING DRIVERS The rating is based on CUPI's ownership by China Orient Asset Management Co.,
BRIEF-Home Capital Group Inc update on liquidity and deposits
* Home Capital Group Inc - aggregate available liquidity and credit capacity $1.12 billion as of June 13 versus $1.12 billion as of June 12
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
You can't argue that Tom Brady is the G.O.A.T. Five Super Bowl rings, possibly six come Sunday, the fact is, Tom Brady's got Super Balls and Spence's Song of the Week for Friday, February 2nd tells the story.
Felony Girl
Upper Bann DUP MLA Carla Lockhart has condemned a burglary in the early hours of Saturday morning in the Edward Street area of Lurgan.
The burglary occurred some time after midnight at Mount Zion House and one suspect was seen making off to the Shankill area of Lurgan. At this stage no one has been apprehended or what has been taken identified but police are keen to talk to a heavy build male in his mid 30's, with facial stubble and wearing dark clothing.
Speaking on the matter Carla Lockhart said, “This is a disgusting attack on Mount Zion House and one I unreservedly condemn. The building for many years has been used as a safe, shared space for children, young people and various charities and businesses. In the past it has also been utilised for social housing and this is an attack on the whole community.
I would urge anyone with any information to call the police on the non emergency number 101 and quote reference 19 of 03/02/18.
There have been a lot of burglaries in the area over the past number of months and I met with the Police this week to press for a dedicated anti burglary policing team within E District. There are far to many resources tied up in non essential administrative jobs and I believe we need to see the public protected from these thieves and an increased presence on the ground.”
April 13 Russia's LSR Group:
* Q1 new contract sales amounted to 140 thousand square metres
* Value of the contracts was 13.5 billion roubles, down 36 pct year on year
* Decrease of pre-sales year-on-year was primarily due to high comparison base of Q1 2016
* Q1 completions increased to 81 th m 2 Further company coverage: (Reporting by Moscow newsroom)
Hard to realise that Chichester City Band is now celebrating its 120th birthday, and has widened its membership to three separate bands.
No surprise then that all three were represented in their annual Christmas Concert, performing both separately and together, under conductors Rom Stanko, Alan Rodger and Bob Ainsworth. (All they need now is a designated new home in which to rehearse and provide storage facilities…)
Rom's Senior Band kicked off in style with Amparito Roca, bringing us Mexican warmth and energy on a cold December night. A contrasting stylish piece followed, this time the medieval English carol “Gaudete” (Rejoice), made famous by another band – Steeleye Span in the 60s (I remember it well….) and Wassail Song – a lively drinking song, suggesting groups of revellers calling round to villagers for liquid refreshment!
Back to South America for Soul Bossa Nova, recognisable as the Austin Powers theme, again performed with lots of verve. Rom had the brilliant idea of featuring each group of players in turn between the full band items, beginning with the Trombones playing the popular American hit Let it Snow, and Euphoniums and Baritones playing Have yourself a Merry little Christmas. Other group items were given by back and front row cornets, and the Basses played Santa Claus is coming to Town
Rom has arranged a lot of music especially for the band, (are you going to make a CD, Rom??) and the next piece Coventry Carol Interlude demonstrated his expertise in this direction. This will no doubt feature in Coventry celebrating its new status as European City of Culture! John Rutter is also a class arranger and composer, and the jaunty Shepherd's Pipe Carol was one of his first hits. Hernando's Hideaway, we were told, is the name given to the smoking room in the House of Commons! The Horn section then gave a lovely account of Mary's Boy Child before Rom's own lively Christmas Spirit – signalling time for refreshments?
Alan's Community Band, a fun band for those not quite ready or willing for contesting, entertained us with two lively pieces by Matt Kingston – Three Kings Rock and De Virgin Mary had a Baby Boy. Meanwhile Bob's Elementary Brass had waited patiently for their turn, and the youngsters, suitably attired in festive gear, played Jingle Bells and the James Bond Theme with great panache. They were also very excited that the Mayor was there to present them with their hard-earned exam certificates
The Concert Band returned for Stop the Cavalry, then a quirky version of the 12 Days of Christmas followed by the majestically sonorous Ein' Feste Burg (A Safe Stronghold) by the master J.S. Bach, also skilfully arranged by Rom
All three bands assembled for the Grand Finale – The Christmas Parade March, the traditional German Schneewalzer (with which the audience was encouraged to join in singing and swaying – they would no doubt have appreciated being invited to participate in some favourite carols) and finally We Wish You a merry Christmas. No local band concert would end without Sussex By The Sea, and tonight's was no exception – it even made it as a local radio station request earlier in the afternoon!
Marilyn Hurdwell
Turkish foreign minister heads to Kuwait in Qatar crisis - sources
ISTANBUL, June 14 Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu was to travel to Kuwait on Wednesday evening after completing a visit to Qatar, foreign ministry sources said, in his quest to broker an end to a dispute betweeen the Gulf state and other Arab countries.
April 20 China Mobile Ltd:
* China Mobile-unaudited Key Performance Indicators For The First Quarter Of 2017
* Q1 operating revenue was RMB184.0 billion, up by 3.7 pct over same period last year
* Q1 profit attributable to equity shareholders was RMB24.8 billion, up by 3.7 pct over same period last year
* As at 31 March 2017 wireline broadband business average revenue per user per month 32.6
* As at 31 March 2017, total number of wireline broadband customers was 85.68 million, representing a net increase of 8.06 million for Q1
* As at 31 March 2017, total number of mobile customers was around 856 million
* As at 31 March 2017, ARPU of mobile customers increased by 1.6 pct year-on-year to RMB58.5 Source text (bit.ly/2oO3SHX) Further company coverage:
End
-- Independent creative communication agency, tamra C2, recently revealed C2 NATIVE - a separate entity focused on delivering data-driven digital communications, technologies and solutions for brands in the region.This announcement comes alongside the announcement of C2 NATIVE being signed as the second agency in the world for the Oracle DMP (Data Management Platform) agency model partnership that enables the team to introduce this high-end technology to the SME sector in the region. While the majority of DMP licenses continued to be held directly by marketers, the strategic business advantage in agency ownership is seamless leverage of in-house data & technology expertise in delivering targeted and relevant execution.Executive Director of C2, Roy Aftimos said in his statement, "We've been in the business of creative communication for around 30 years now and have proven our aptitude in traditional branding and advertising work. We have long-standing relationships with our clients through this shared journey and now, with C2 NATIVE, it is time to strengthen those ties and enter the new age ahead of the curve, and more importantly, together. Our strategic partnership with Oracle began in 2014 and since then, we have invested heavily in exploring potential applications for advanced automated marketing technologies & services offered under the Oracle Marketing Cloud. We have been positioning C2 as a communication lab and with this initiative, I can see more data-driven experiments coming to fruition."Commenting on this initiative, Cumai Aboul Housn, Chief Innovation Officer of C2 NATIVE, said: "In the age of Big Data, Physical Web, and IoT (Internet of Things), sticking to the old-school methods of digital communication is not a feasible option for our clients. The game is not focused anymore on acquiring data and mass communication. It is about building intelligence and strategically investing in innovative tools, platforms and methods for speaking to well-profiled individuals by addressing accurately predicted needs at the right time and in the right place."C2 NATIVE will continue to provide clients with existing core services such as strategic management, development of brand web presence, planning, buying, monitoring of online media and creative development of content.In addition to this, the new expert team will focus on introducing to clients, the benefits of high-end marketing cloud technologies, data mining and analytics, active predictive reporting, brand reputation management and innovative digital technologies.On this subject, Mr. Housn added, "With the tremendous use of advanced technologies in marketing that establish a direct link to business objectives and ROI, the modern communication and marketing agency should be in a position to partner not only with marketing teams but IT and finance departments as well, serving as the much-needed link between these isolated entities. C2 NATIVE, with a diversely competent team, is in a position to provide exactly such a partnership to clients.
Dubai based distributor, SDC to market AOC's latest range of display solutions in the region
-Sameh Gamal from AOC with Sergey Didenko of SDC
End
-- MMD , Asia Pacific brand licensing partner of AOC and AGON, today announced that it has joined hands with Dubai based distributor, SDC to market AGON range of gaming monitors and also its premium range of monitors across GCC.The business development manager at AOC in Middle East Africa, Sameh Gamal said,: "It is our pleasure to partner with SDC and their experience in gaming market with various other leading brands and network of resellers convinced us that they will play a key role in increasing the presence of AOC brand in the region."He added, "We were looking for a partner who understands the dynamics of gaming market and also can support us in taking our premium range to the target audience. SDC with its expertise, infrastructure, logistics, and technical capabilities is a perfect fit to our strategy."AOC is one of the largest brands of display solutions in the world that boosts wide range of product portfolio right from entry level to one of most advance display solutions available in the market. The company recently launched entirely new range of gaming monitors, AGON, The AOC AGON monitors are designed for gamers and are defined by performance-driven specifications and convenient features that eliminate any obstacle encountered on the path to glory.Expressing his happiness, Sergey Didenko, Managing Director at SDC said: "We are excited to partner with AOC, they are one of the best brands in the business. Our region wide channel base and experience in the local market will increase the penetration for AOC brand in the market. It will also benefit channel partners from accessing more business opportunities provided by comprehensive range of AOC.""We will work closely with SDC and also support them in marketing initiatives. We plan to conduct a roadshow for partners in Dubai soon and we are confident that this will be a good start to our successful association with SDC," concluded Gamal.
WARWICK, R.I. (AP) — The scheduled auction of the Rhode Island home of five-time world boxing champion Vinny Paz has been canceled.
The auction of the Warwick home was scheduled for Wednesday but the website of Sullivan & Sullivan Auctioneers says it has been canceled. No reason was given. The auction was announced earlier this month following a foreclosure.
The 55-year-old Paz's three-bedroom house has been subject to liens from both the Internal Revenue Service and the Rhode Island Department of Taxation.
Paz was arrested twice earlier this year. He was charged with assaulting a friend in February. He pleaded no contest in March to assaulting his girlfriend.
Advertisement
Paz is known for his comeback after he broke his neck in a car crash. His story was dramatized in the 2016 film "Bleed for This."
RPT-CORRECTED-UPDATE 2-China to sell 1st dollar bonds since 2004, after Moody's downgrade
BEIJING/HONG KONG, June 13 China will sell its first U.S. dollar denominated sovereign bonds since 2004 in coming months along with yuan bonds, in its first overseas issuance of national debt since Moody's downgraded its sovereign credit rating in May.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel grabs the hand of a triplet baby girl as she visits the Bosch Foundation to mark the 15th anniversary of the social organisation 'wellcome' in Berlin, Germany, March 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch
LONDON Babies cry more in Britain, Canada, Italy and Netherlands than in other countries, while newborns in Denmark, Germany and Japan cry and fuss the least, researchers said on Monday.
In research looking at how many babies around the world cry in their first three months, psychologists from Britain have created the first universal charts for normal amounts of crying during that period.
WATCH: Child-sized robot helps autistic kids learn social skills
"Babies are already very different in how much they cry in the first weeks of life," said Dieter Wolker, who led the study at Warwick University.
"We may learn more from looking at cultures where there is less crying -- (including) whether this may be due to parenting or other factors relating to pregnancy experiences or genetics."
The highest levels of colic – defined as crying more than three hours a day for at least three days a week – were found in babies in Britain, Canada and Italy, while the lowest colic rates were found in Denmark and Germany.
WATCH: Brain implant lets paralysed man feed himself using his thoughts
On average, the study found, babies cry for around two hours a day in the first two weeks. They then cry a little more in the following few weeks until they peak at around two hours 15 minutes a day at six weeks. This then reduces to an average of one hour 10 minutes by the time they are 12 weeks old.
But there are wide variations, with some babies crying as little as 30 minutes a day, and others more than five hours.
The research, published in the Journal of Pediatrics, was a meta-analysis of studies covering some 8,700 babies in countries including Germany, Denmark, Japan, Canada, Italy, the Netherlands and Britain.
Wolker said the new crying chart would help health workers reassure parents whether their baby is crying within a normal range in the first three months, or may need extra support.
(Reporting by Kate Kelland; Editing by Catherine Evans)
PHOENIX (AP) " The Southern Baptist Convention, home to prominent evangelical supporters of President Donald Trump, adopted a statement on moral leadership at the group's annual meeting Tuesday that avoided pointed criticism of current political officeholders.
The denomination also rejected a proposal to condemn the "alt-right," the political movement that came to the forefront during the presidential election that mixes racism, white nationalism and populism. Barrett Duke, a Southern Baptist executive who shepherded the statements through the meeting, said the resolution contained inflammatory and broad language "potentially implicating" conservatives who do not support the "alt-right" movement.
The event in Phoenix is the first Southern Baptist annual meeting since the U.S. presidential election, which riled the denomination's leadership over whether Trump, a thrice-married casino and real estate mogul, was morally fit for office.
The Rev. Russell Moore, head of the Ethics & Religious Liberty Commission, which serves as the Southern Baptist's public policy arm, was among the candidate's most vocal evangelical critics. In late 2015, Moore called evangelical support for the Republican "illogical" and a repudiation of everything Christian conservatives believe. On Twitter, Trump called Moore a "nasty guy."
Advertisement
At the same time, several prominent Southern Baptists became evangelical advisers to Trump's campaign, including the Rev. Robert Jeffress of Dallas, and the Revs. Jack Graham and Ronnie Floyd, who were both former presidents of the denomination. Evangelicals who backed Trump generally saw him as a flawed but potentially effective leader who could deliver a conservative nominee for the U.S. Supreme Court and religious exemptions for opponents of abortion and same-sex marriage.
When Trump won last November with 80 percent of the white evangelical vote, Moore faced a backlash within the denomination. At a news conference in Phoenix, Moore insisted, "the denomination's leadership is unified. Probably we're more unified than I have seen for a long time. We love each other. We work together." He is scheduled to speak to the Phoenix meeting late Wednesday.
In voting Tuesday, the resolution on moral leadership urged church, government and business leaders to set a positive example and thanked public officials who "displayed consistent moral character and uncompromising commitment to biblical principles."
A pastor had asked the convention to essentially reaffirm a resolution on morality for public officials that Southern Baptists adopted in 1998, as President Bill Clinton was under investigation for his affair with White House intern Monica Lewinsky. Quoting the 1998 document, the pastor, Micah Fries of Chattanooga, Tennessee, proposed restating that "serious allegations continue to be made about moral and legal misconduct by certain public officials" and "character does count in public office." That language was not included in the statement adopted Tuesday.
Instead, the resolution decried how leaders "in every walk of life" had "destroyed their careers" and "brought shame" through poor moral choices. The statement also commended leaders who won't meet alone with members of the opposite sex other than their spouses to avoid temptation. Vice President Mike Pence, a conservative Christian, has said he never eats alone with a woman other than his wife, which caused an online uproar among liberals and conservatives last March when a story in The Washington Post drew attention to the practice.
The resolution against the "alt-right" had been proposed by a prominent African-American pastor, the Rev. Dwight McKissic of Arlington, Texas. After his measure was rejected, some Southern Baptists defended the outcome in part by pointing to their repeated condemnations of racism over the years. The 15.2 million-member denomination, the nation's largest Protestant group, has been working to overcome its founding in the 19th century in defense of slaveholders.
The convention approved a different resolution re-stating the Southern Baptist's long-standing opposition to gambling and condemning the Planned Parenthood Federation of America for its role as the leading abortion provider in the U.S.
That resolution urged Congress, as well as state and local governments, to halt all taxpayer funding that supports Planned Parenthood. Citing a series of controversial undercover videos, the resolution also urged the Justice Department to pursue criminal charges related to the handling of fetal tissue. Planned Parenthood has denounced those videos as deceptive and denies profiting from a handful of programs that supply fetal tissue to medical researchers.
___
Wang reported from Phoenix. AP Religion Writer Rachel Zoll reported from New York.
Correction: Fitch Affirms China United Property Insurance at 'A-'; Outlook Stable
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) HONG KONG, June 14 (Fitch) This commentary replaces the version published on 2 June 2017 to update the name of China United Property Insurance Company Limited's immediate parent. Fitch Ratings has affirmed China United Property Insurance Company Limited's (CUPI) Insurer Financial Strength Rating (IFS) at 'A-' (Strong). The Outlook is Stable. KEY RATING DRIVERS The rating is based on CUPI's ownership by China Orient Asset Management Co.,
March 30 Sasa Polyester:
* Signs collective labor agreement with labor union Petrol Is for 36 months for establishments operating in the chemical industry
* The strike decision of the labor union have been lifted with the agreement
Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
HARLEM, Ga. (WJBF) – A Columbia County woman was killed in a two-car crash on Old Union Road in Harlem Monday night.
Capt. Steve Morris with the Columbia County Sheriff's Office identified the victim as Virginia Fairburn of Harlem. He said her 1996 Toyota Camry was hit head-on by a speeding BMW driven by Daniel Shaffer, also of Harlem. Morris says Shaffer lost control of his vehicle as he entered a curve and crossed into oncoming traffic, hitting the Camry driven by Fairburn.
Fairburn was pronounced dead at the scene. Shaffer was taken to Augusta University Medical Center with serious injuries. Morris says charges are pending against Shaffer.
Excitement — and considerable noise — are in the air, as the largest dam-removal project in California history just began in Carmel Valley. The San Clemente Dam removal project will run three years, after which scientists and residents will begin to examine short- and long-term consequences on native animal repopulation and flood protection. Its success may breathe hope into Santa Barbara County's creeks, where three-fourths of the stream habitat is blocked by impediments.
Despite its impeded state — 95 percent filled with silt — not everyone was an early advocate of San Clemente's removal.
When it was declared unsafe against earthquakes 20 years ago, the California American Water Company preferred a cheaper buttressing alternative. The National Marine Fisheries Service indicated its likely disapproval, since the dam blocked the migration of federally endangered steelhead trout.
Two events eventually coalesced to tip the scales for removal. One was the action of U.S. Rep. Sam Farr, in whose district the dam sits. Farr renewed his call for removal. But a critical change was a new president for Cal Am, Robert McLean, who supported the removal project.
“By removing this dam,” he announced, “we're removing a management issue and a fairly large liability. When the project is completed, there will be a natural flow of sediment, which will improve habitat downstream ...” As an engineer, he considers this the best and proudest moment of his career.
Removal of the stressed dam reduces McLean's stress concerning downstream homes. About 1,500 homes will be safer, as the dam's risk of failure in an earthquake or flood will be removed. Moreover, he shares the enthusiasm of many that the wildlife habitat will greatly improve, especially for endangered and threatened steelhead trout and red-legged frogs. The trout population has dwindled from 1,350 in 1965 to less that 250 in this section of the Carmel River's reach, due in part to San Clemente's blockage of fish migration.
The first half of the 20th century was the United States' dam-building pinnacle. Most of the nation's 79,000 dams were built then. Until not long ago, Santa Barbarans centurions were alive who could recall fishing decent-sized steelhead from our local creeks, in the days before flood-control dams became popular. Now, rare appearances of steelhead earn front-page photos.
Currently, the Flood Control District is in the midst of its own dam removal project. The Lillingston Debris Basin Dam, built in 1972 after the Romero Fire, is in its second of a four-year removal project. The goal is to re-establish Carpinteria Creek to its historical elevation, opening the watershed to steelhead residence, migration, and spawning.
Matt Stoecker, a biology student at UCSB in the 1990s, founded an ecology business to remove impediments to fish passage along our creeks. He had many successes here before returning to live near his natal stream, San Franciscito Creek in the Bay Area. There, he began advocating for removal of the Searsville Dam, a 65-foot tall silted-up dam on Stanford University's property.
This is his current life's work, but he still reminisces about his start in Santa Barbara.
“I'd be psyched to be an old man walking up Rattlesnake Creek decades from now and see a pair of huge steelhead jumping cascades and spawning in the clean cobbles,” he said. “It would be rewarding to have been a part of that process.”
San Clemente activists are probably feeling the same way about now.
— Karen Telleen-Lawton's column is a mélange of observations spanning sustainability from the environment to finance, economics and justice issues. She is a fee-only financial advisor (www.DecisivePath.com) and a freelance writer (www.CanyonVoices.com). Click here to read previous columns. The opinions expressed are her own.
April 28 The following are the top stories from selected Canadian newspapers. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
THE GLOBE AND MAIL
** Long-standing rules of criminal justice will be on the table when federal Justice Minister Jody Wilson-Raybould sits down with her provincial counterparts on Friday to discuss solutions to backlogged courts and serious criminal charges being thrown out over delay. tgam.ca/2poIRT3
** The head of Montreal's police union has thrown Philippe Couillard's government into another Quebec corruption crisis after he alleged political interference blocked criminal charges against a current Liberal caucus member. tgam.ca/2qecPMq
NATIONAL POST
** Crescent Point Energy Corp earned a profit in the first quarter as the light oil producer tries to rebuild confidence in its stock following a sell-off at the end of last year. bit.ly/2qejaHF
** Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan has apologized to Canadian, American and Afghan troops that he served with in Afghanistan for claiming that he was the "architect" of Canada's most famous and bloodiest combat operation of that war. bit.ly/2qe871d (Compiled by Vishal Sridhar in Bengaluru)
North Augusta, S.C. (WJBF Sports) — The Lady Yellow Jackets remain unbeaten this season (24-0) after dominating Union County, 95-25, in the first round of the 4A SCHSL playoffs Tuesday night.
Scores from other first round SCHSL playoff games on the night:
SCHSL boys
3A
May River 65, Strom Thurmond 68 (OT)
A
RSM at McBee
Wagener-Salley at McCormick
SCHSL girls
4A
South Aiken 39, Eastside 52
Travelers Rest 27, Midland Valley 37
Aiken 39, Greer 55
Union County 25, North Augusta 95
2A
Latta at Bamberg-Ehrhardt
North Charleston at Barnwell
Allendale-Fairfax at Woodland
NEW YORK, April 12 United Airlines Chief Executive Officer Oscar Munoz said the company would not use law enforcement officers to remove overbooked passengers from aircraft in the wake of a video that showed a forcible removal of a Chicago passenger on Sunday.
Munoz told ABC News that the problem resulted from a "system failure" that prevented employees from using "common sense" in the situation. He said he had no plans to resign over the incident that has drawn condemnation around the world. Munoz profusely apologized to the passenger, his family, passengers, the airline's customers. "This can never, will never happen again," he said. (Reporting by David Shepardson; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn)
The sign outside a McDonald's restaurant is seen in Westminster, Colorado, U.S. January 23, 2017. REUTERS/Rick Wilking
McDonald's Corp's (MCD.N) U.S. unit said it appointed Morgan Flatley as U.S. chief marketing officer, Farhan Siddiqi to head U.S. Digital and Linda VanGosen as the head of U.S. Menu.
Flatley, who will report to U.S. President Chris Kempczinski, previously worked with Pepsico Inc (PEP.N) where she was the CMO of Global Nutrition.
PepsiCo rival Coca-Cola Co (KO.N) has been a McDonald's strategic partner since the 1950s.
Siddiqi has served as vice president of Global Digital Experience at the company.
VanGosen most recently served as vice president at Starbucks where she was responsible for overall vision and strategic growth plans for Starbucks Evenings.
McDonald's Chief Executive Officer Steve Easterbrook has vowed to transform the 60-year-old chain into a "modern, progressive burger company."
McDonald's executives said last year the company was updating U.S. restaurants with self-service kiosk ordering, mobile payments, "smart" menu boards, custom sandwiches and table service.
The company's U.S. restaurants have suffered four straight years of traffic declines, resulting in 500 million lost transactions since 2012.
(Reporting by Rama Venkat Raman in Bengaluru; Editing by Sunil Nair)
FILE PHOTO: A Monsanto logo is pictured in the company headquarters in Morges, Switzerland, May 25, 2016. REUTERS/Denis Balibouse/File Photo
LONDON A leading advisor to pension schemes and other investors on Friday called for a review of Germany's rules around takeovers, in light of a planned takeover of U.S. agrochemicals company Monsanto by Bayer.
Hermes EOS, part of Hermes Investment Management, said the "transformative nature" of the deal raised again the question of whether, and in what circumstances, shareholders should have the right to vote on major transactions in Germany.
Hans-Christoph Hirt, Head of Hermes EOS, said the group backed the process used in other markets, including Britain, where shareholders have to give a green light to any deal.
"This requirement forces management to make the case for a major transaction to investors and other stakeholders and as such introduces a useful discipline not least with regard to any premium paid for an acquisition," Hirt said.
"We would therefore welcome a review of the relevant German laws and regulation in this regard."
(Reporting by Simon Jessop; editing by Maiya Keidan)
East London NHS Foundation Trust (ELFT) has retained its ‘Outstanding' rating from the Care Quality Commission (CQC) following its latest inspection.
Officers inspected the Trust in March and April. ELFT is a mental health and community health Trust which provides services in Luton and Bedfordshire.
They assessed the quality of three core mental health services: Community mental health services for people with learning disabilities or autism, Wards for people with learning disabilities or autism, and Forensic inpatient/secure wards.
The report said: “We rated it as outstanding because since the last inspection in 2016, the trust has continued to make improvements.
“We inspected three services and carried out a well-led review. In all areas further progress had taken place and in forensic services the rating had improved from good to outstanding. We rated safe and effective as good; caring, responsive and well-led as outstanding. Following this inspection, five of the trust's 14 core services were rated as outstanding and nine as good. We rated well-led for the trust overall as outstanding.”
The chief executive of ELFT Dr Navina Evans has welcomed the news as part of the Trust's ongoing work to build a culture of continuous improvement.
She said: “Together we are striving to build a culture of continuous improvement with ELFT.
“Recognition from the CQC is pleasing for us all but remains part of that improvement process and not an end.
“The challenge for every member of staff within the Trust, myself included, is to continue to strive to provide the best care we can bay in and day out.
“An outstanding rating shows the hard work already taking place and that has to continue.
“We don't always get things right and should always ask ourselves ‘what can we do better?'”
MUMBAI, April 5 Tractor sales in India are likely to grows in double digits in the fiscal year that started on April 1, following a decision by at least two states to waive some loans to farmers, India's biggest tractor maker said on Wednesday.
India's tractor industry posted 18 percent volume growth in the fiscal year that ended March 31.
Nearly two-thirds of farmers in India buy tractors via bank loans and a waiver by two states on loans to farmers whose crops have been hit by poor weather for crops will make them eligible for fresh borrowing. Other states are considering similar moves.
"The farm loan waiver is certainly a positive enabler for the industry," Rajesh Jejurikar, the head of Mahindra & Mahindra's farm equipment division, told Reuters on the sidelines of a conference.
On Wednesday, Mahindra launched new tractor platform Jivo, aiming to boost its sales of small tractors, Jejurikar said.
India's most populous state, Uttar Pradesh, said on Tuesday it would waive $5.6 billion of loans to help millions of farmers reeling from losses after unfavourable weather in the past few years hit their crops.
The southern state of Tamil Nadu has also waived farm loans, while the western state of Maharashtra and northern state of Punjab are considering writing off loans to smallholders. (Reporting by Rajendra Jadhav; Editing by Edmund Blair)
* Cheaper LPG curbing demand for naphtha
* LPG can be used as alternative petrochemical feedstock
* At least 300,000 T of LPG seen replacing naphtha in May -traders
By Seng Li Peng
SINGAPORE, April 10 Asian petrochemical makers are ramping up purchases of liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) to use as an alternative feedstock to naphtha, looking to snap up cheap cargoes as heating demand for LPG fades in the wake of winter.
LPG, often referred to as butane or propane, is commonly used in heaters or stoves in some countries, but can also be an ingredient in plastics used to churn out everything from drinks bottles to carrier bags.
Faltering demand for naphtha could drag on prices that have been in premiums to benchmark Japanese quotes for most of the year compared to discounts in the same period in 2016, while offering support to LPG markets.
Four traders said that Taiwan's Formosa Petrochemical Corp , Asia's top naphtha importer, last week bought its first spot LPG cargo of the year, with South Korea's LG Chem and Lotte Chemical also taking cargoes.
Formosa declined to comment, while the South Korean companies did not immediately provide comment.
"The Koreans and Formosa moved immediately when the value was in switch mode, (showing) impressive quickness," said one of the traders, who closely follows naphtha and LPG markets. He asked not to be identified as he was not authorised to speak with media.
Petrochemical companies in Asia are typically set up to shift around 5 percent to 15 percent of their feedstock to LPG when prices drop below 93 percent the cost of naphtha.
Late last week, Asian spot propane price for cargoes to be delivered in the second half of May were less than 86 percent of naphtha's $493.50 a tonne.
The traders estimate that some 300,000 tonnes of LPG is expected to replace naphtha in May, or around 7 percent of North Asia's naphtha demand. They said that could climb to 400,000 to 450,000 tonnes in subsequent months.
"LPG prices will likely be weak relative to naphtha in the coming months, incentivizing petrochemical demand," said He Yanyu who leads Asia natural gas liquids market research at IHS Markit.
However, increased LPG purchases would likely mitigate the impact on naphtha markets from possible naphtha shipment delays from Qatar following a splitter outage.
And Asia is structurally short of naphtha, with a supply deficit averaging 4 million tonnes a month in 2016, data from IHS consulting firm showed. (Reporting by Seng Li Peng; Additional reporting by Jane Chung in SEOUL; Editing by Joseph Radford)
Feb 2 (Reuters) -
* Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy says the government will raise its 2018 growth forecast shortly to at least 2.5 percent of gross domestic product (GDP) from 2.3 percent. (Reporting By Emma Pinedo; Editing by Sonya Dowsett)
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Abington Heights Middle School students of the month April are, from left, first row: Aniyah Mendez, Olivia Foster and Sadie Bonczek. Second row: Tyler Bowen, Jamison Bessoir, Travis Smith and Drew Musgrave. Absent from photo: Rita Gowarty.
Abington Heights Middle School students of the month April are, from left, first row: Aniyah Mendez, Olivia Foster and Sadie Bonczek. Second row: Tyler Bowen, Jamison Bessoir, Travis Smith and Drew Musgrave. Rita Gowarty was also named.
April 5 Lionhub Group Ltd:
* LionHub acquires land in China for commercial development
* Has acquired 40 Mus of land within Xuancheng Singapore techno-park site in Joint Venture with KSL (xuancheng) Metal Industries Co
* Land was purchased for RMB 4.89 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Plans to regenerate Dominick Street Flats in Dublin are running a full year behind schedule, with the complex of 72 social housing apartments now expected to be built by 2021 – despite the Dublin City Council (DCC) housing delivery report listing it to be finished for early 2020.
The local authority published a tender seeking a construction firm for the project this week, with the estimated cost at around €39.5 million.
The tender specifications outlined that works to regenerate the 1960s flat complex are expected to begin this July. The estimated duration of the construction contract is two and a half years, meaning the flats would only be finished by early 2021, if there are no further delays.
The new six-storey flat complex will have a basement car-park, playground facilities and a community garden
The latest DCC report on its delivery of housing projects lists the Dominick Street Flats redevelopment to be completed by the start of 2020. The building work will begin a full two years after the project was given the green light by former minister for housing Simon Coveney.
Exemplar
A project overview available to construction firms interested in bidding states that the flat complex will be an “exemplar for apartment living and social housing in the city”.
The site is on the new Luas Cross City line, just off Parnell Street, and the development will also include retail and commercial facilities.
A pop-up cafe in a pop-up park: The Dominick Street Flats site in 2013.
In September last year DCC applied for an additional €10 million in funding towards the project from the Department of Housing, which had already committed €22 million in July 2016. The department is funding the social housing aspect of the project, with the local authority funding the cost of the commercial and retail elements.
The new six-storey flat complex will have a basement car-park, playground facilities and a community garden.
The Dominick Street scheme was one of five large-scale housing projects the council was pursuing in partnership with developer Bernard McNamara before the collapse of the public-private partnership system in mid-2008.
The regeneration project was shelved during the recession before being revived in 2016 after several delays.
Customers shop and an employee works around a chiller aisle at a Sainsbury's store in northwest London, Britain October 23, 2015. REUTERS/Suzanne Plunkett
LONDON Prices in British shops showed the smallest annual decline in nearly three-and-a-half years last month, adding to signs of growing inflation pressure after the Brexit vote caused a fall in the value of the pound, a survey showed on Wednesday.
Overall shop prices fell 0.5 percent after a 0.8 percent decline in March, the shallowest rate of deflation since November 2013, the British Retail Consortium (BRC) said.
"The rate of deflation has been decelerating month-on month as retailers battle with inflationary pressures resulting from the impact of the weaker pound on input prices," Helen Dickinson, BRC chief executive.
"Prices are undoubtedly on an upward trajectory, which we expect to gradually play out over the course of the year."
Food prices rose 0.9 percent in the year to April, the BRC said, slowing marginally from March.
Inflation hurts the poorest in particular because rising prices for essentials like food and transport take up a bigger share of their disposable income.
Bank of England policymakers, who meet next week to set interest rates, are monitoring gauges of inflation closely. Some officials are uneasy about how much inflation might overshoot the central bank's 2 percent target. Many private economists say the consumer price index will rise above 3 percent this year.
(Reporting by Andy Bruce; Editing by William Schomberg)
Two men, aged 46 and 23, were arrested this morning (Monday, August 14) on suspicion of offences under the Public Processions Act & Section 13 of the Terrorism Act.
The arrests, made in the Omagh area, are part of an ongoing investigation into an unnotified parade in the Lurgan area on April 15th. Both are currently assisting Police with their enquiries.
(Adds details, background)
SOFIA, April 5 Bulgaria's interim government on Wednesday cancelled a tender to run and operate Sofia airport, saying the plans to grant concession rights for 35 years at the country's main airport were not in the public interest.
"The government has decided to cancel the tender," a government spokeswoman said after a cabinet meeting.
The interim transport minister said last month he would propose the cancellation of the tender as it would lead to higher airport fees and hurt air traffic to Bulgaria.
The centre-right GERB party, which won snap elections last month and hopes to form a coalition government by the end of April, is expected to look into the process and decide whether to launch a new tender for the airport.
The tender was originally launched last May by the previous centre-right government and could have raised 1.2 billion levs ($655 million), half of which should have been paid upfront.
Turkey's Limak Holding, Russia's VTB Capital and Switzerland's Flughafen Zuerich were planning to jointly bid for the right to operate the airport, sources said last year.
German airport operator Fraport has said it was considering whether to bid and local media has said Turkish airports group TAV, in which French Groupe ADP has a 38 percent stake had also expressed an interest.
The Sofia airport, which was used by 5 million passengers last year, is currently operated by the state. ($1 = 1.8320 leva) (Reporting by Tsvetelia Tsolova; editing by Jason Neely and Jane Merriman)
(Repeats story to attach to snap)
By Stephen Nellis
SAN FRANCISCO May 1 India-based IT services firm Infosys Ltd said late on Monday that it plans to hire 10,000 American workers in the next two years and open four technology centers in the United States, starting with a center this August in Indiana, the home state of Vice President Mike Pence.
The move comes at a time when Infosys and some of its Indian peers such as Tata Consultancy Services and Wipro have become political targets in the United States for allegedly displacing jobs of American workers by flying in foreign workers on temporary visas to service their clients in the country.
The IT service firms rely heavily on the H1-B visa program, which President Trump has ordered federal agencies to review.
In a telephone interview with Reuters from Indiana, Infosys CEO Vishal Sikka said his company plans to hire American workers in fields such as artificial intelligence.
He said the firm has already hired 2,000 American workers as part of a previous effort started in 2014.
"When you think about it from a U.S. point of view, obviously creating more American jobs and opportunities is a good thing," Sikka said. (Editing by Euan Rocha and Muralikumar Anantharaman)
GENEVA: The lack of humanitarian access granted by Myanmar's government to Rakhine state, where more than half a million Rohingya Muslims have fled violence, is “unacceptable”, the UN said Friday.
Advertisements
“The access we have in northern Rakhine state is unacceptable,” the head of the United Nations humanitarian office, Mark Lowcock, told reporters in Geneva.
A small UN team visited the crisis-wracked region in majority Buddhist Myanmar in recent days and described witnessing “unimaginable” suffering.
Myanmar has tightly controlled access to the state since last month when attacks by Rohingya militants prompted an army kickback that has sent 515,000 Rohingya fleeing to Bangladesh.
Scores of Rohingya villages have been torched.
Lowcock said he believed a “a high level” UN team would be able to visit the area “in the next few days.”
He repeated the UN's call for the government to allow “unhindered (and) unfettered” access.
“Half a million people do not pick up sticks and flee their country on a whim,” Lowcock added, stressing that the scale of the exodus was evidence of a severe crisis in northern Rakhine.
The UN has “substantial capacity” in Myanmar which can be quickly deployed to northern Rakhine once clearance is granted he added.
A Myanmar official tally says hundreds of people died as violence consumed remote communities, including Rohingya.
Hindus and ethnic Rakhine were also among the dead—allegedly killed by Rohingya militants.
Right groups say the real death toll is likely to be much higher, especially among the Rohingya, while the UN has labelled army operations as “ethnic cleansing” against the Muslim group.
There may be up to 100,000 more people in northern Rakhine waiting to cross into Bangladesh, according to the International Organization for Migration.
AFP
BRIEF-BB&T increases prime lending rate to 4.25 pct from 4.00 pct
* bb&t corp says it is increasing its prime lending rate to 4.25 percent from 4.00 percent, effective immediately Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
A little over a week before the Metro FM Music Awards, it turns out that gospel outfit Joyous Celebration won't be taking part.
At a star-studded event last month, the popular group was named as one of the usual nominees for the Best Top Urban Gospel Album accolade at the 16th instalment of the awards. Now, in an unexpected twist, Joyous Celebration are withdrawing their nomination.
A statement seen by Drum offered the following explanation.
“The move comes following the erroneous entry of Joyous Celebration into MMA16 by the artist's record company, Sony Music Entertainment Africa, who has acknowledged that during the process of compiling and submitting artists from their roster into the Metro FM Awards, they mistakenly included Joyous Celebration as an entrant,” the statement read.
“The label has been supportive of Joyous Celebration's philosophy of no longer entering awards to allow room for new talent to occupy the space, for several years now, but on this occasion human error resulted in Joyous Celebration unknowingly becoming a nominee until the announcement was made public.”
Lindelani Mkhize, one of the architects of Joyous Celebration was quoted as saying,
“We are so grateful to Metro FM for the years of support, not only to our choir, but to the Gospel fraternity at large.”
Joyous Celebration were nominated alongside hotshots such as Dr Tumi, Lebo Sekgobela, We Will Worship and Khaya Mthethwa. The 16th Metro FM Music Awards will be held on Saturday 25 February 2017 at the Inkosi Luthuli Convention Centre (ICC) in Durban, Kwa-Zulu Natal and will be broadcast live on SABC 1.
The SABC could not be reached for comment.
A recent push by Fannie Mae to enable more millennials who are burdened by student debt to buy homes appears to be having its intended effect. Bankers said that they are finding it easier to qualify young homebuyers as a result of the policy changes.
Fannie announced the new rules back in April. Perhaps the most consequential change was a revision to the formula that banks use to calculate a borrower's debt-to-income ratio, which is a gauge of the person's ability to make monthly payments.
DW: What are the central topics being discussed at this 8th World Water Forum taking place in Brasilia March 18-23?
Benedito Braga: The main theme is "sharing waters" because we have more than 260 river basins that are shared by two or more countries.
But there are also half a dozen other topics that will be discussed, including climate change, the financing of water infrastructure, the issue of urbanization, how the water in the urban environment is managed, the ecosystems, the governance of water, the issue of water supply and sanitation, the rights for people to have access to clean water and sanitation.
Read more: Cape Town could run out of water by April
How many people around the world are lacking water security?
We have some information that around 1.5 billion people live in river basins that are stressed by insufficient supply. So it's a very, very high number of people that are impacted by water stress these days.
Which regions in the world experience the most water stress?
The traditional regions are in the Middle East where water is naturally scarce and you have a good number of people demanding water in these regions. But lately, we have been seeing in different parts of the world situations of water stress due to variability in the climate.
In Africa, we are we see situations in Kenya, South Africa; in the Americas, in the northeast of Brazil, in California; in Europe, in Portugal — Portugal is going through a very severe drought situation. So there are different parts of the world where this water stress is happening.
Let's stay in Europe for a moment. How does it compare here with other regions in the world?
Watch video 42:31 Share Living without water – drought in Peru Send Facebook Google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink http://p.dw.com/p/2uIAj Living without water – drought in Peru
Normally the more-developed countries have more opportunities, more possibilities than the poorer countries.
The situation is more complex in sub-Saharan Africa than in Europe. In Europe you have higher income, which is always easier to find alternatives, like for example, if necessary, desalination.
For example in Australia, when we went through the millennium drought in the years 2000 to 2010 and had almost 10 years of drought, they implemented some large desalination plants to cope with a very severe situation. In the less-developed countries, when water scarcity happens, the social impact is much bigger.
In 1995, the former World Bank Vice President Ismail Serageldin famously said that the wars of the next century will be about water. What is your take on this now, in 2018, well into the 21st century?
If there is not good water management, we may see wars related to water. But history shows that there is much more cooperation than conflict regarding water. So I think that if there is good that water management and good diplomacy, the chances of war is related to water are minimal.
Read more: Water scarcity in Pakistan – A bigger threat than terrorism
Benedito Braga was head of São Paulo's water department during the water crisis of 2014-2015
São Paulo went through a severe water crisis in recent years. Has anything changed as a result?
The metropolitan region of São Paulo went through a very severe drought in the year 2014-2015 — a drought that could not have been foreseen because it was so severe. The government of São Paulo started by developing infrastructure that was in the planning for 2020. So the state of São Paulo needs to increase its security by increasing the infrastructure.
What needs to happen in order to be able to respond to water crises?
We need to motivate the political class, we need to motivate those that make decisions to give water the importance it needs to have. The only way that we will achieve water security is by motivating those that make decisions – the political class – motivate them to the importance of providing infrastructure to make the populations more resilient to the changes and variability of climate. So water security will be achieved if we are able to motivate the political class to invest in providing more resilient infrastructure to cope with the situations of scarcity of water.
The impact of droughts is likely to increase as a result of climate change. How will those impacts play out and what should governments be doing to handle water crises in light of climate change?
Listen to audio 03:56 Share Europe's flooded future Send Facebook Google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink http://p.dw.com/p/2ru83 Living Planet: Europe's flooded future
Governments need to increase their capacity to adapt to climate change.
Most of the discussions that have happened in the past in the COPs, these conferences of parties on climate, have been focused on energy, on mitigation, on CO2-reduction. And actually the important problems related to climate change are directly related to adaptation. How do we adapt quickly to the changes in climate?
I think governments should be increasing their resilience by improving their infrastructure to cope with more variability in climate. Because the theory that goes with climate change is that we're going to have longer droughts and more intense floods. And in such a situation, it's necessary to store the water.
When floods come, you store the water. And then when droughts come, you use less water later on. And this is the adaptation that is necessary. We at the council have been proposing during the COPs that they pay more attention to water, and they pay more attention to adaptation to climate change.
We talked about São Paulo, the water crisis in 2014-2015, but also other cities like Cape Town in South Africa may run out of water. Will we be seeing more cities face this stark reality more often in the future?
Based on the evidence around climate change, there is the possibility that more cities will be facing these kinds of problems in the future. So we have to be prepared. We have to see these cases that are happening today, and start providing more resilient infrastructure for the future.
This is a message that really we have been passing on via the World Water Council, the World Water Forums: the political class as to understand that in the future, the water crisis that was happening in a very distant place may be happening in his own backyard. We need to be more prepared for the future. No doubt about it.
Some scholars and NGOs have criticized the World Water Forum for prioritizing the interests of the private sector, like for companies and industrial suppliers, including promoting privatization of water resources. What's your response to this criticism?
This criticism is not correct because the World Water Forum is open to everybody to bring their own views. There is no preference to private or public. We have never taken any position of saying that the public is better or that the private is better.
Anyone can do a good service, the public or private, as long as the poor, the less fortunate, are served by a good water supply and sanitation company.
Many around the world lack access to clean and safe drinking water
What I understand is the core of that criticism is that water is a basic human need and privatization puts a cost, a monetary value on that need. So I think that the basic problem is the criticism of the privatization of the resources that people depend on to survive. Do you not have a problem with that?
There are not private waters — only Chile, I think, is one of the countries in the world where water is a private good — everywhere in the world, water is a public good. In the constitution of countries, it's very clear that water is a public good. Now, as long as the service that is provided to make water potable and to provide sanitation, these services can be privatized or can be public, not the water.
So it's up to the municipality to choose if they are going to have a public company or a private company to provide the service. And the World Water Forum is not pro-private or pro-public — each one has advantages and disadvantages.
Benedito Braga is the president of the World Water Council and the secretary of state for sanitation and water resources of the state of São Paulo, Brazil. The interview was conducted by Sonya Diehn.
'We can't do it alone' - Jacinda Ardern promises a partnership with Maori on problems they face
The PM says the Government can only make the gains it wants if it works in partnership with Maori.
NewsOne
Tempers simmered on Saturday between Trump supporter David Clarke and Fox News Host Eboni Williams after Clarke disrespected civil rights icon Rep. John Lewis (D-Ga.) for not attending the Mississippi Civil Rights Museum opening. The former sheriff dismissed Lewis as “irrelevant,” asking sarcastically, “John, who?” though knowing his contributions.
RELATED: ‘Insult To The People:' John Lewis To Skip Mississippi Civil Rights Museum Debut
“Sheriff let me say this to you. For you to say that nobody cares about John Lewis is inaccurate because I assure you that there are many people across this country that absolutely do care about him,” she said. “As for your commentary on his political record as a congressman, I'm actually not even addressing that part because this museum opening is about the civil rights of American citizens, so when it comes to his record on that, Sheriff Clarke, I think that it's pretty undisputed.”
Gotdamn, Clarke is an idiot. Thanks, @EboniKWilliams, for straightening his ass out. Williams: "For you to say that nobody cares about John Lewis is inaccurate because I assure you there are many people that do"pic.twitter.com/tWLfxc94yj#SaturdayMorning#AMJoy — Holly O'Reilly (@AynRandPaulRyan) December 9, 2017
The back and forth between Clarke and Williams came ahead of President Donald Trump's appearance at the museum's opening. Lewis declined an invitation to attend after learning that the president would be there. The congressman pointed to Trump's “disparaging comments about women, the disabled, immigrants,” as well as his “hurtful policies [being] an insult to the people portrayed” in the museum. The congressman was not alone. Members of the NAACP have also denounced the president's visit and urged a cancellation due to “his divisive record on civil rights issues.”
Lewis and Trump have a difficult history. After the 2016 presidential election, Lewis told NBC's Chuck Todd on “Meet the Press” that Russian interference helped get Trump elected and harmed Hillary Clinton's candidacy, and he refused to attend the president's inauguration. Lewis also testified against Attorney General Jeff Sessions during his nomination hearings. Trump responded by blasting the civil rights icon on Twitter.
SEE ALSO:
TVOne To End Roland Martin's Award-Winning ‘NewsOne Now' Daily Morning Show
Steve Harvey Sued Over Alleged Charity Fraud, Criticisms Of Oprah and Tyler Perry
(Adds data, background)
OTTAWA, April 28 The Canadian economy stalled in February after robust growth in January as gains in service-producing industries were offset by declines in the goods sector, Statistics Canada said on Friday.
Gross domestic product was flat, matching the forecast by analysts in a Reuters poll.
Service-providing industries advanced by 0.2 percent on strength in the real estate and rental and leasing sector, as well as the finance and insurance sector.
Goods-producing industries declined by 0.3 percent on weaker manufacturing as well as mining, quarrying and oil and gas extraction.
The Bank of Canada, which cut interest rates twice in 2015 and has stressed the downside risks to the economy, predicted on April 12 that first quarter annualized growth would be 3.8 percent.
The 0.6 percent growth recorded in January means that even if the economy remains flat in March, annualized first quarter growth will come in at around 4.2 percent, a Statscan analyst said.
(Reporting by David Ljunggren Editing by W Simon)
/ Front page / News
+ Enlarge this image Sailosi Sirisirivalu is the new National Director of the Miss Asia Pacific Fiji Pageant. Picture: Sophie Ralulu
Update: 4:02PM PAGEANTS are a good way to train youths to be aware of the issues around them and to be vocal about their concerns on an international stage.
Local pageant coach Sailosi Sirisirivalu, said this was the main reason he approached the Phillipines based Miss Asia Pacific International Pageant for Fijians to host a local chapter of the event.
"I have just received approval to be the Fiji National Director of the international pageant so its an exciting period of time for the team who came up with the idea in the first place," Mr Sirisirivalu said.
A former administrator at the Hibiscus Events Group Incorporated which stages the Hibiscus Festival, Sirisirivalu started as a King contestant in 2012.
"I have seen firsthand how the pageant platform makes young people more confident to share what they are concerned about and so the training and exposure involved helps them to articulate themselves on an international stage."
Currently working with other pageant enthusiasts to lay out the logistics of the Fiji pageant, Sirisirivalu has called for an expression of interest from experts and volunteers who would like to help organise the event.
"Its another international platform for young Fijian women to promote themselves, their communities and their country," Sirisirivalu said.
"I hope corporate organisations will support this event as it is a development tool as well as a promotional tool for our young people."
Mr Sirisivalu said the local qualifier pageant is likely to be held in the middle of the year to give the winner time to prepare for the international competition in October 2017.
Miss Fiji to the Miss Asia Pacific International Pageant 2017 will compete with fifty other country representatives.
"Its an exciting opportunity for whoever becomes Miss Fiji International because apart from the Miss World Pageant, there are no other international events like this where young Fijian women can take part," Sirisirivalu said.
"Last year Miss Cook Islands Felicia George was a third runner-up at the international pageant and received the opportunity of a lifetime to tour South East Asia with three other place getters. Each woman was able to showcase the beauty of her country and the richness of her culture. In terms of the tourism benefits this is a huge benefit."
In line with Fiji chairing the United Nations Climate Change conference in Germany in Novermber, the pageant will focus on a climate change platform as a core issue for each local contestant to advocate on during the local competition.
"This year Fiji holds the presidency of COP23, I would like to ensure we do our bit in the pageant community to highlight this issue because this affects everyone in this county and in the Asia Pacific region."
3Alpha Data Entry Services is a renowned data outsourcing company in India, offering expert data outsourcing services to clients across the globe. Operational since 2008, 3Alpha Data Entry Services has over 15 years of experience. Their services include effective techniques and approaches, enabling you to keep pace with the latest trends in the industry. Their years of experience in the field and customer-friendly approach enable them to cater to the main aspects of data outsourcing – accuracy, delivery on time and cost effectiveness.
 Why Hire Them
There are a number of advantages of working with 3Alpha Data Entry Services.
• They have over 15 years of experience.
• They have completed more than 1200 projects successfully.
• They have served multiple industries.
• Presently, they are providing expert services to more than 500 clients worldwide.
• They will lend free pilots before you hire them.
• They will provide you the best outsourcing prices.
• They work with excellent infrastructure.
 Services
3Alpha Data Entry Services offers an extensive range of services under the same roof at reasonable prices.
• Data Entry Services
Their data entry services include online data entry, offline data entry, MS access data entry, excel data entry, XML data entry, and questionnaire data entry.
• Accounts Data Entry Services
They offer a wide range of accounts data entry services, from bookkeeping services, accounts payable services to payroll processing services.
• Data Processing Services
They have a good reputation in the data processing field and have been serving their clients with world class data processing services.
• Data Mining Services
Their employees have huge experience on Web based data mining technologies.
• Data Cleansing Services
They employ a team of professional personnel for delivering data cleansing services.
• Data Conversion Services
With many years of experience in the field, they deliver reliable and economical data conversions services.
• Scanning Services
They have developed a good name for their customer-friendly and reliable scanning services.
• Indexing Services
Their range of indexing services include indexing of library books, journals, business magazines, manuals, white papers, legal documents, medical reports etc.
• Others
They also specialise in other important services like OCR conversion, ebook creation, forms processing, photo editing and website designing.
To find out more about 3Alpha Data Entry Services visit their official website: https://www.3alphadataentry.com
About 3Alpha Data Entry Services
3Alpha data Entry Services is an offshore data outsourcing company that strives to provide top quality solutions to their clients worldwide. They offer a wide range of services including data entry, data conversion, data mining, data processing, bookkeeping and accounting services. Their company is located in Ahmedabad which is one of most developed cities of India.
The Kremlin on Wednesday denied claims that Russian intelligence officers were in contact with members of Donald Trump's presidential campaign, calling the allegations “absolutely groundless.”
“Let us not believe in what media say, for nowadays it is very difficult to tell actual news from fake ones,” Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said, according to the Russia News Agency.
The denial comes in response to a New York Times report Tuesday night claiming members of Trump's campaign team were in contact with Russian intel officials during the 2016 presidential campaign. The report cited current and former American officials — but did not reveal the names of the sources.
“Let us not rely on unidentified sources,” the Kremlin spokesman said. “These reports are absolutely groundless, not based on any facts.”
Yet the spokesman also maintained that contact between US and Russian officials is normal, saying “working contacts are maintained.”
“Representatives of the US embassy in Russia communicate with Russian officials, meet with foreign ministry officers. The US diplomats also meet with representatives of the Russian regions, they also travel the country, which is a common diplomatic practice,” Peskov added.
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
It's spring: time for winter sports to enter the playoff portions of their schedules. If you're a basketball fan, you're probably thrilled that the National Basketball Association's 2017 playoff schedule began this past weekend. There have been plenty of memorable games so far, but amid the many highlight reel plays gracing our screens, we want to flag the Latino and Spanish players making their presence felt during the march to the June NBA Finals:
BOSTON, MA - OCTOBER 26: Al Horford #42 of the Boston Celtics looks on during the second quarter against the Brooklyn Nets at TD Garden on October 26, 2016 in Boston, Massachusetts. Maddie Meyer / Getty Images
Boston Celtics center Al Horford
As the Celtics make only their third playoff appearance under current head coach Brad Stevens, Al Horford is playing a major role. The 30-year-old Dominican contributed 14 points and six rebounds per game for the No. 1 seeded Celtics. They were able to hold off the likes of the Cleveland Cavaliers and the Toronto Raptors to claim the top spot in the Eastern Conference. The Celtics will lean heavily on the 6-foot-10 inch Horford as they hope to win their first NBA Championship since 2008.
NEW YORK, NY - OCTOBER 31: Robin Lopez #8 of the Chicago Bulls look on against the Brooklyn Nets during the first half at Barclays Center on October 31, 2016 in New York City. Michael Reaves / Getty Images
Chicago Bulls center Robin Lopez
Standing in Horford's way in the first round is Chicago's own Latino tower of power. Cuban-American Robin Lopez stands 7 feet tall and will give Horford competition in the post. During the Bulls' final four regular season games, Lopez scored a combined 52 points and converted 22 of 42 combined field goals to help the Bulls gain the eighth and final seed in the East. This matchup will be an interesting one.
CLEVELAND, OH - APRIL 7: Jose Calderon #13 of the Atlanta Hawks reacts after a foul call during the first half against the Cleveland Cavaliers at Quicken Loans Arena on April 7, 2017 in Cleveland, Ohio. Jason Miller / Getty Images
Atlanta Hawks guard José Calderón
At 35, José Calderón is now just a role player off the bench. But the Spaniard can still contribute in a meaningful way. Having only joined the Hawks in March, he was added to the roster to give the team an extra three-point shot as they make their postseason push. Considering they drew the high-flying Washington Wizards in their opening playoff series, the Hawks will need every bit of offense that Calderón can provide.
INDIANAPOLIS, IN - FEBRUARY 13: Manu Ginobli #20 of the San Antonio Spurs dribbles the ball during the game against the Indiana Pacers at Bankers Life Fieldhouse on February 13, 2017 in Indianapolis, Indiana. Andy Lyons / Getty Images
San Antonio Spurs guard Manu Ginobili
Shifting to the Western Conference now, we find a veteran role player who's a major contributor to his team. Manu Ginobili, 39, is a 14-year shooting guard leading the Spurs' second unit. Averaging seven points, two assists, and one steal per game with a field goal percentage of .390, this Argentinian shows no signs of slowing down, even against a tough team like the Memphis Grizzlies.
WASHINGTON, DC - NOVEMBER 26: Pau Gasol #16 of the San Antonio Spurs celebrates after scoring against the Washington Wizards at Verizon Center on November 26, 2016 in Washington, DC. Rob Carr / Getty Images
San Antonio Spurs center Pau Gasol
Not sure if it's the water in San Antonio, but there's something about the Spurs that turns older players in ageless wonders. Aside from Ginobili, Tim Duncan, Tony Parker and David Robinson, current starting center Pau Gasol, 36, can attest to that. The Barcelona native was added to the roster in the wake of Duncan's retirement and he's delivered every night. The 7-foot Spaniard posts near double-doubles (12.4 points, 7.8 rebounds) every time he takes the court, and he has two NBA titles to show for it. That championship experience will be useful as the Spurs look for their first Larry O'Brien Trophy since 2014.
MEMPHIS, TN - MAY 09: Marc Gasol #33 of the Memphis Grizzlies prepares to shoot a free throw against the Golden State Warriors during Game three of the Western Conference Semifinals of the 2015 NBA Playoffs at FedExForum on May 9, 2015 in Memphis, Tennessee. Andy Lyons / Getty Images
Memphis Grizzles center Marc Gasol
What good would these playoffs be without a little sibling rivalry? That's exactly what you'll see as the Spurs and Grizzlies lock horns over the next week. Memphis will counter Pau Gasol with his little brother Marc Gasol. Marc is younger (32) and bigger (7-foot-1, 255 pounds) and puts up slightly stronger average numbers (19.5 points and 7.6 rebounds per game). While the brothers are teammates for Spain's national team, their stats against one another in the NBA are pretty impressive. This series will be very entertaining.
HOUSTON, TX - JANUARY 05: Nene Hilario #42 of the Houston Rockets drives to the basket against the Oklahoma City Thunder at Toyota Center on January 5, 2017 in Houston, Texas. Bob Levey / Getty Images
Houston Rockets forward/center Nene Hilario
Here's the man who's probably the most underrated player on this list; he's definitely the most underrated player on his team as he's overshadowed by Most Valuable Player candidate James Harden on most nights. Houston Rockets forward Nene Hilario is not only a force in the paint — he can also hit the 14-foot jump shot as well. Averaging just under 10 points per contest, Hilario is living proof that Brazil is more than a soccer country.
Follow NBC News Latino on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The first two goals of Jota's career inspired Birmingham City to a fourth win in six Championship games and continued their climb away from the relegation zone.
David Davis had put the visitors 1-0 up in the eighth minute before Jota struck twice to hand Blues an unassailable half time lead.
Wednesday finished with nine men after red cards for Marco Matias and Daniel Pudil but at least had the consolation of a Lucas Joao strike soon after the restart.
STARTING FORMATION
4-3-3
STOCKDALE 6
Had barely anything to do in the first half, other than receive a caution for preventing Wednesday taking a corner. Neat with everything else but beaten by a sizzler from Joao.
COLIN 6.5
Might have gone on to score had Pudil not taken him out. Also might have been stronger for Joao goal but overall solid enough.
ROBERTS 6
Had his hands full with Nuhiu's aerial prowess - and was beaten for the Owls goal. But he won plenty of headers before Wednesday's attacking threat died.
DEAN 7
Looked composed on the ball and in the right place at the right time when needed. Leading by example every game now.
GROUNDS 6
Was his usual dependable, consistent self in the first half hour, mopping up in Blues' area, putting pressure on defenders in the opposition box. But then he was carried off, hopefully with nothing too major.
KIEFTENBELD 6.5
Showed good control and energy in the middle, didn't stray forward too often but kept it nice and simple - and avoided that tenth booking again. He should be OK for Villa now.
NDOYE 8
Looking increasingly authoritative in the middle. Broke up play, used the ball reasonably well and used his physical strength to really good effect.
*DAVIS 8
His goal was a reward for his perseverance, chasing a lost cause. His assist for the third was evidence of how effective he can be running in behind. Another very, very good display from a player enjoying his advanced role.
JOTA 8
Finally the Spaniard started to repay his transfer fee. His first goal was pretty lucky, but he was in the right place for his second. Could have had a couple more but overall his best so far.
BOGA 7.5
Looked incredibly dangerous running against a broken defence - terrorising the retreating rearguard. Things began to open up after the break and he might have had a goal or assist.
GALLAGHER 7
No goal today but he led the line well and kept a poor Owls defence on their toes. It was a shift for the team this one.
SUBSTITUTES
BRAMALL (for Grounds, 33) 7: Very lively going forward.
GARDNER (for Kieftenbeld, 75) 6: Kept it ticking late on.
LOWE (for Davis, 84) 6: Saw out the game comfortably.
Not used: Trueman, Morrison, Adams, Jutkiewicz.
OPPOSITION
SHEFFIELD WEDNESDAY (3-5-2): Wildsmith; Vanancio, Loovens (Joao 26), Pudil; Palmer, Butterfield (Thorniley 71), Reach, Pelupessy, Fox; Matias, Nuhiu (Boyd 73). Not used: Dawson, Hunt, Jones, Wallace
GOALS
SHEFF WED: Joao (54)
BLUES: Davis (8), Jota (21, 45+5)
THE REF: S Duncan (Northumberland)
ATTENDANCE: 25,648
NEXT UP: Huddersfield (h), Tuesday, February 6, 7.45pm kick-off
Match report
Club record signing Jota scored the first two goals of his Birmingham City career to lift Blues further away from trouble.
The £6m man grabbed a lucky long ranger in the 21st minute, then tapped in for another just before half time.
By then Blues had taken control through an early David Davis poacher's effort.
Manager Steve Cotterill was forced into making one change, with Jota coming in for the injured Jacques Maghoma.
And however unsettled Blues felt by that, it didn't show as the hosts gave them a huge helping hand.
There seemed no danger when Maxime Colin's eighth minute cross looked to be rolling through to Joe Wildsmith until Frederico Venancio chested the ball back to his own goal.
That allowed Davis to nip in on to blindside and poke into the unguarded net for his second in as many games.
Read More Things you will only get if you support... VILLA
BLUES
ALBION
WOLVES
Wildsmith was at fault for the second after Sam Gallagher won the ball back high up the pitch and fed Jota.
The former Brentford man fired a weak shot from 27-28 yards which was straight at Wildsmith.
But it confounded the goalkeeper who let it slip through his grasp and into the net.
Worryingly Blues had Jonathan Grounds carried off soon after, but Wednesday were reduced to ten men after that when Marco Matias appeared to dip his head at Cohen Bramall.
Blues hammered home their dominance in the fifth minute of first half added time when Wildsmith palmed Davis' cross-shot into Jota's path.
But the Owls ensured it wasn't too comfortable a second half as Lucas Joao hammered in after 54 minutes.
However, any hopes of mounting a sensational comeback were ended in the 72nd minute when the home team was reduced to nine after Daniel Pudil was booked for a second time for taking out Colin.
March 31 Oi Wah Pawnshop Credit Holdings Ltd :
* Three loan agreements were entered into between Oi Wah Pl as lender and customer B as a borrower
* Loan agrrement a for HK$25 million; loan agreement B for HK$20 million ; loan agrrement C for HK$ 16 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
MEDIA RELEASE
The Hawai‘i County Department of Parks and Recreation announces the Pahoa Community Aquatic Center will open on June 1, 2018, for recreation and lap swimming on a shortened schedule as follows:
Monday, Tuesday, Friday, Saturday and Sunday: 3-6 p.m.
The pool may close with little or no notice due to conditions caused by the lava and eruption events.
Pool users are reminded that the Pahoa Reginal Recreation Facility is currently being utilized as an emergency evacuation shelter, and all users must check in with security at the gate entrance.
The evacuees that are utilizing the recreation facility as an emergency shelter are going through a tough time, and we ask the public's kokua in respecting the privacy of the evacuees. All pool users are asked to remain within the aquatic center area while using the pool.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
Google
Tumblr
More
Print
LinkedIn
Pocket
Email
- Above is video of Dasha Fuentes talking to WWE Cruiserweight Champion Cedric Alexander after he retained the title over Buddy Murphy on last night's WWE 205 Live episode. Wrestling star and Survivor legend Jonny Fairplay is shown at ringside watching the match. Cedric talks about what it was like to retain the title in front of his family and friends, and says he's headed to Waffle House to celebrate.
- The following matches and segments were taped for tonight's WWE NXT episode:
* Kassius Ohno vs. Chad Lail
* The War Raiders vs. two local enhancement talents
* EC3 vs. Fabian Aichner
* NXT Women's Champion Shayna Baszler vs. Dakota Kai
* In-ring appearances by Lacey Evans and NXT Champion Aleister Black
NXT spoilers for tonight are at this link.
- WWE Hall of Famer Booker T tweeted the following props to Lana for the Spinaroonie she did during the Dance-Off with Naomi on last night's SmackDown:
The Canadian Film Fest 2018 begins March 20 and runs until March 24th at the Scotiabank Theatre in Toronto located at 259 Richmond St. W.. We checked out a few of the films to give you an idea of what you should see. Here are those films.
﻿
Becoming Burlesque – Drama IMBD
Written and directed by Jackie English
Watch this socially-enlightening story about a multicultural family who struggles to balance traditional Christian and Muslim views, conflicting levels of dedication to religion and rebellious adult children within the same household.
Follow Fatima as she explores the boundaries of her chosen religion while also experiencing the potential of her inner and outer-beauty through the art of Burlesque.
How will Fatima's Christian/Muslim family react to how she chooses to feel beautiful and liberated?
Enjoy a thoughtful and very effective soundtrack in this bold motion-picture.
﻿
The Go-Getters – Adventure/Comedy IM BD
Directed by Jeremy Lalonde
Written by Aaron Abrams and Brendan Gall
If you think a drunk man being urinated on while passed-out is belly-shakingly hilarious then this provocative tale of that same drunk man and his freshly acquired partner in crime, a drug-addicted prostitute, is just for you.
Follow this precarious pair as they, by any means necessary, try to squander enough cash to hop towns and leave the place that chewed them up and then spit them out.
Curious about how far a drunk and an addict will go to succeed in their goals?
Do not miss this magnificent display of unique one-on-one dialogue.
﻿
A Swingers Weekend – Drama IMBD
Directed by Joe E. Cohen
Written by Joe E. Cohen and Nicola Sammaroff
Some couples like to spice up their sex life. Big purple dildos and such. Sex can become repetitive and after all, we are only human.
Tune into this couple of couples who plan to have a steamy partner-swapping weekend in a beautiful country home. Everything seems like a great match but then, whammi! A surprise third couple enters the equation and things get extra spicy. Or do they?
Through genuinely-awkward wittiness and classic humour done in good-taste, this film appeals to couple's who are comfortable in their sexuality and with one another.
﻿
The Drawer Boy – Drama IMBD
Directed by Arturo Perez Torrez and Aviva Armour-Ostroff
Written by Michael Healy and Arturo Perez Torrez.
Witness a clash of small-town conservative Ontario farmers with the liberal big-city artists of Toronto. Can creativity completely alter one's perception of reality?
Sometimes people are trying to find a lost or unknown character for different reasons. Sometimes it's easy to adapt to someone else's a unique way of portraying something. We are manipulated quite easily when faced with stark contrast.
Relax to this thought-provoking and scenically-beautiful film that looks at difference and how we are effected by each other in many ways.
Ordinary Days – Drama/Mystery IMBD
Directed by Kris Booth, Jordan Canning and
Renuka Jeyapalan
Written by Roman Barckert
The terror of a missing person grabs people in different ways. The quest to find one who has been lost is daunting and exhausting for all those involved.
If you have children as I do, you can unavoidably sometimes think about their sudden disappearance and how horrific that would be.
Enter that pain and experience it from three different perspectives in this heart-shaking film.
The grieving family, the struggling case-detective and the missing woman all show how their same connected experience plays out from their own points of view.
The Cannon – Drama IMBD
Directed and Written by Marshall Axani
Male pornstars do eventually time out. Fall in love with this seasoned adult film star as he skates the edge of emotionless sex, recent divorce and raising a teen daughter.
How far would you go to protect something that you had a big hand in creating with your glorious penis?
Will our beloved sex-seller be enticed by the riches of the corporate influence or will he choose to support his porn family and maintain a relationship with his daughter?
Prodigals – Drama IMBD
Directed by Michelle Oulette
Written by Sean Monogue and Nicholas Carella
Growing up in a small town has it's perks. However, there is no better way to get judged by everyone in town than by leaving for years and then coming back for a visit.
Watch the old eyes glare as they pick apart the possible weaknesses you've acquired since your departure.
Imagine your friend is on trial and you've been asked to give specialized help in your field of work. Would you do it? I'm sure most would.
But what about if you have told everyone you are something that you're not?
Watch the truths unfold in this raw drama.
***
Get Tickets HERE
Remember to get your tickets to the festival through the link above and enjoy the Canadian Film Festival this year!
Stay Clean, Stay Green.
File Photo: The Federal Reserve Bank of Boston's President and CEO Eric S. Rosengren speaks in New York, April 17, 2013. REUTERS/Keith Bedford/File Photo
BOSTON The U.S. Federal Reserve should raise interest rates three more times this year due to the strength of the economy, Boston Fed President Eric Rosengren said on Wednesday.
"The base case (for 2017) would be four tightenings, reflecting the strength of the economy that I believe justifies more regular normalization of interest rates," Rosengren said in a speech to the Boston Economic Club.
Rosengren, previously a long-time dove, last year began pushing for tighter monetary policy on fears that not raising rates amid strengthening economic data risked policymakers having to make faster-than-expected rate increases later on.
The Fed, at its March policy meeting, lifted the benchmark interest rate by 25 basis points to a target range of between 0.75 and 1 percent. It was the second hike in three months as the central bank continues to move away from near zero. The median forecast of the Fed's 17 policymakers then was for two further rate increases this year.
With the unemployment rate at 4.7 percent and inflation rising toward the Fed's 2 percent target rate, Rosengren noted that the risks are rising if the Fed waits too long to embark on a more regular pace barring a deterioration in economic indicators.
"If the economy runs too hot, it could ultimately require a less gradual monetary policy adjustment – which could potentially place at risk the significant progress the economy and labor market have made since the Great Recession," he said.
The Boston Fed chief added that it seems likely the Fed will reach its goals on full employment and inflation by the end of 2017.
As for the Trump administration's fiscal plans, Rosengren said that it was a source of uncertainty.
"We'll see what actually gets adopted by Congress," he said, adding that there were other events to keep an eye on, including Britain's divorce from the European Union, elections in France and Germany and the possibility of a bigger-than-expected slowdown in Asia.
Rosengren had previously said in mid-February that he saw "at least" three rate hikes as being needed this year to keep the economy on an even keel. He does not have a vote on the Fed's rate-setting committee this year, but takes part in deliberations.
The Fed's next policy meeting is scheduled for May 2-3.
(Writing by Lindsay Dunsmuir; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
Saints boss Jim Mallinder insisted referee Matthew Carley had no choice but to award what proved to be a crucial penalty try at Kingsholm.
Carley punished Gloucester wing David Halaifonua for a deliberate knock-on as Saints sent the ball out to the left.
The Saints players watched the big screen as referee Matthew Carley discussed David Halaifonua's knock-on with the TMO
Halaifonua was sin-binned during the incident that came six minutes from time and Stephen Myler slotted the conversion to secure a gritty 13-12 Aviva Premiership success.
And when asked whether he felt Saints were lucky to be awarded the penalty try, Mallinder said: “No, we were going to score.
“It was a clear overlap so it was the only decision the referee could make.”
And he added: “I'm very pleased with the win. It was a bit of a dogfight out there, not a pretty game, but very competitive.
“We decided to go into a breeze and up the hill in the first half and we were disappointed to be nine points down at half-time, but we knew we'd still be in the game playing down the hill and so it proved.”
Myler's match-winning conversion came on his 300th appearance for Saints.
And Mallinder said: “It's a tremendous achievement, 300 appearances in this professional era.
“Players now move around a lot more and you're not getting players reaching the milestones that they used to do.
“He's been a fantastic servant for the club and hopefully he'll continue to do that in the future.”
The idea of making Indian cities utopian is like dream come true for the citizens. However, reaching that particular objective requires manifold levels of planning, on-ground implementation, involvement and regular upkeep by all the stakeholders involved. With Bengaluru's population set to double to 18.9 million and the vehicular population to triple in next 15 years, Bengaluru is in dire need of a solution. One of the small initiatives towards Bengaluru's utopian dream is the Transit Oriented Development (TOD) Policy, which has been incorporated in the Bengaluru Revised Master Plan (RMP) 2031, and is out for public scrutiny. TOD integrates the concept of walk- to-work or increased pedestrianization, last mile connectivity with high densities in a radius of 500-800m around transit stations/terminals/corridors.
Cities like Montreal, San Francisco, Vancouver, Toronto, Paris, and Hong Kong have largely benefitted from this kind of urban development. A densely populated city, like Hong Kong, has minimum car ownership ratio and public transport is the most preferred way of commuting. Earlier, in Hong Kong, the railway system was not built until the area was well-developed. However, recently, they have opted for the TOD model in areas like Union Square and Olympian City, where a railway system has been built simultaneously with residential development above or nearby. In the Indian context, TOD has been implemented in Ahmedabad, Bhopal and Naya Raipur, of which Ahmedabad is one good example.
“Urban centers are complex systems with multiple layers of transportation, utilities, real estate and communities intricately interwoven together. TOD works on the principle that we build compact cities to maximize ridership by ensuring there is a dense catchment next to the stations and people are encouraged to use the system. The recently released RMP 2031 has one paragraph reference to TOD, which is like a tick in the box that achieves little. The need of the hour is that all stakeholders should come together and work with the government to formulate a policy in order to develop not just a smart city but also a livable city; irrespective of its ‘TODness' quotient. And importantly, one that can be implemented” says Amit Oberoi, National Director, Knowledge Systems, Colliers International India.
RMP 2031, notifies 150m radius around metro stations/terminals as TOD influence zones, where an FSI of 4 is permissible. The TOD is proposed only in Zone B that includes areas outside the Outer Ring Road (ORR) to the conurbation area. Although, it does not include Zone A, which is the developed area of Bengaluru, and is struggling with basic infrastructure needs. As per Colliers Research, implementing TOD in the developing areas may be the right approach as it is easy to do so. Also, ORR and Whitefield contribute 78% of Grade A office stock of Bengaluru, which will further help the commercial market to boost. However, the influence zone of 150m seems to be very minuscule and may not deliver the desired output.
According to Colliers Research, there is not just one way of moving forward to achieve the utopian goal. Permutation combination of many concepts should be implemented along with complete involvement of the stakeholders from government bodies to private players.
To expedite the implementation of the policy, we believe various solutions can be incorporated. Some of them include:
 To implement TOD; smaller pockets with similar characteristics could be identified and a detailed plan of action can be prepared and implemented at the same time integrating with the city's infrastructure development
 More town pooling tools such as land pooling or town planning schemes can be incorporated in the developing zones where vacant land parcels are available to avoid the haphazard development which is the notable type of development in Bengaluru
 Developers could be encouraged to develop 200-300m around their projects, such as pedestrian footpaths, road repairs, etc. in sync with government bodies in order to relieve the pressure on government bodies
 The government can identify and invest in developing probable catchment areas in the state. This would relieve the pressure out of Bengaluru
 Common card systems should be introduced that can be used in metro, bus as well as taxi. This will increase the ease of travel
TOD and mixed-use development are inherent characteristics in Indian cities. Instead of dreaming for a utopian concept based upon international cases, concerned stakeholders should operate with the tools in hand to come up with innovative ideas best suited in the Indian context.
Facebook plunged to its worst loss in four years Monday and led a rout in technology companies. The social media company's stock fell following reports that a data mining firm working for the Trump campaign improperly obtained data on 50 million Facebook users.
On Monday:
The S&P 500 index lost 39.09 points, or 1.4 percent, to 2,712.92.
The Dow Jones industrial average slid 335.60 points, or 1.3 percent, to 24,610.91.
Advertisement
The Nasdaq composite retreated 137.74 points, or 1.8 percent, to 7,344.24.
The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks skidded 15.49 points, or 1 percent, to 1,570.56.
For the year:
The S&P 500 is up 39.31 points, or 1.5 percent.
The Dow is down 108.31 points, or 0.4 percent.
The Nasdaq is up 440.85 points, or 6.4 percent.
The Russell 2000 is up 35.05 points, or 2.3 percent.
As an industry, wireless simply does not have enough data spectrum. Now add to that the rapid growth of the industry and increased demand by users and you can see the problem. Federated Wireless is a company with a solution to this growing spectrum shortage. You may not have heard of them yet. They are a relatively new company with spectrum to share, and a breakthrough idea.
I was recently briefed by Federated Wireless CEO Iyad Tarazi. I have written about this need, many times over many years. Today, every wireless carrier needs more spectrum to make their apps and other features work well.
Larger carriers like AT&T Mobility, Verizon Wireless, T-Mobile and Sprint have their own spectrum, but still need access to more. Smaller carriers like US Cellular, C Spire Wireless and others may not have enough or even any of their own spectrum, yet still need it to remain competitive in today's wireless world. So, every wireless carrier needs spectrum to remain competitive.
With this need for wireless spectrum, there must be a solution. There are several. One is improving the way we each use what they have. Two is sharing spectrum. Federated Wireless is in the business of sharing their spectrum with any wireless carrier that has a need. And in fact, they can share with other businesses as well.
This is a great idea, is needed and for that reason could be successful going forward.
Philip Falcone's LightSquared was similar idea
Sharing spectrum is not a brand-new idea. It has been tried before. The problem with the first try, years ago, was the poor-quality spectrum a company called LightSquared used. This sharing was the idea of Philip Falcone, who saw the growing need for limited spectrum. He thought shared spectrum was a solution. That was a great idea as well, however the quality of the spectrum they had, and the closeness to other spectrum was the problem.
My early take on what Federated Wireless is doing seems like the same idea but uses better spectrum. If everything works well, this could be a solution to the problem every US wireless carrier, large and small needs.
Not a full solution, but at least a partial one. This will not solve the entire wireless spectrum shortage problem, but it will make a big dent in it.
Largest wireless carriers: AT&T Mobility, Verizon Wireless, T-Mobile, Sprint
Larger wireless carriers already have their own spectrum and are always on the lookout for more. Smaller wireless carriers may not have any of their own spectrum, but they need access to it in order to remain competitive.
Remember the debate when T-Mobile launched their wireless video with limited spectrum a while back. We wondered whether their limited spectrum would offer a good quality picture. Since it was on small screens like smartphones and tablets, and since they used compression, their service seemed to work fine. However, that raised the spectrum to center stage.
Federated Wireless is not a wireless carrier. Instead, they offer something every wireless carrier needs. Access to more spectrum. And if they can deliver a good quality and fast signal at the right price, I think this company could indeed be successful for the long term.
And remember, there is a wider marketplace for this spectrum beyond wireless carriers. Mobile carriers, cable television carriers, broadband wireless access providers, managed service providers, enterprise vertical markets and what I expect to be a growing list of interested business segments.
Smaller wireless carriers: US Cellular, C Spire Wireless and others
At the same time, wireless carriers with spectrum are improving their technology allowing them to get more bang for the buck from what they have. As we move forward, new thinking and new ideas are presented to the marketplace that let's wireless do more with what they have access to.
So, these two factors are helping all wireless carriers keep up with the expanding demand curve for spectrum. And other companies as well. This is a balancing act that most major carriers have so far done a good job with.
Ideas like that of Federated Wireless can simply help them do that job easier and better. As I learn more about them and about this exciting and growth-oriented space, I will share with you.
This article is published as part of the IDG Contributor Network. Want to Join?
A kind-hearted Luton singer is hoping Bedfordshire residents will help support a Christmas Caribbean night for children's charities.
Fiona, known by her artist name ‘Miss Fiona Rae', of Farley Fields, will be singing at Carib Chill Runninz, on Saturday, December 9, in aid of The Collett School for children with educational needs, Hemel Hempstead, and Barnet Hospital's Starlight Ward Neonatal Unit.
Miss Fiona Rae
The caring singer and dancer is helping the event organisers Michael Wallace and Ashley Levien [‘kickoff@3'] raise as much money for the charities as possible as the good causes are close to the duo's hearts.
Fiona said: “We are hoping to raise as much as possible for the two causes.
“I will be performing live at the opening of the event with a very special song ‘Blinded by Your Grace' and later in the evening I will have the honour to perform live again with an exclusive collaboration alongside Tricks RTB.
“The Collett School needs more sensory equipment and the Starlight ward looks after premature babies.”
Miss Fiona Rae
The event is being held from 7pm until midnight at New Green Social Club, High Oaks, St Albans.
There will be three-course Caribbean dinner, a bar, and live music, plus raffle prizes.
Fiona said: “I am inspired by my late brother, Mark Taylor, who was a professional dance teacher and singer.
“My genre is RnB and Soul currently I'm in the studio recording my first EP/Album, due to be released in 2018.
“I want to make a difference to the youth of today and our next generation.”
> Tickets: kickoffat3@yahoo.com. Entry and food is included in the ticket.
An adult ticket costs £30, and children under 16 are £15.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The numbers are really beginning to add up for West Bromwich Albion 's leading schemer Matt Phillips.
Assists number seven and eight (discounting his EFL Cup contribution) turned the Hull game on its head.
It also pushed Phillips, a ludicrously cheap £5 million acquisition from QPR, into esteemed company.
Yet not even the country's most celebrated conspirators - Adam Lallana, Alexis Sanchez, Mesut Ozil and Christian Eriksen - can match the flying Scotsman's tally of assists.
Only one can.
Manchester City's Kevin De Bruyne, who cost 11 TIMES more than Phillips, has nine assists.
But the big name Belgian has half as many goals as Phillips, who, lest we forget, has bagged four in his last nine.
The turnaround in fortunes since he was dropped for the game against De Bruyne's City in October is incomprehensible.
Yet it's not just Phillips' stats that stand out.
Arguably the most impressive aspect of his performance today was his willingness to want the ball and to make things happen when Albion were struggling to move out of first gear.
With the crowd growing impatient at Albion's lack of offensive cohesion and Hull's dominance, Phillips was the one man who offered a ray of hope, showing real character and maturity in the process.
International fixtures don't resume until March and a lot can happen between now and then.
But Scotland boss Gordon Strachan surely faces one of the easiest decisions when the World Cup qualifying campaign returns.
With limited resources to work with (Hull's Robert Snodgrass is among the leading lights) Strachan simply has to recall Phillips, even if his form tails off a touch.
There's a good chance of that, because, let's be honest, Phillips can't surely maintain the red hot streak he's on right now.
He's a confidence player, and he's playing with more confidence now than at any point in his career.
Find A Game
Contact
Shekhar Juneja
+44 2070960066
***@rootinfosol.com Shekhar Juneja+44 2070960066
End
-- Heathrow, UK -- Root Info Solutions, a UK-based technology consulting, product design, development, maintenance and support services provider, announced today the rebranding of Top500Golf app as Find A Game. The app was engineered by its Android and iOS developers using native app development resources. Though the rebranding decision is of the app owner, now Find A Game Inc, this mobile app development company played a key role in it by providing quick essential updates.The latest variant of the app provides easy access to golf courses. Golfers no need to fill up a trying list of fields to explore and choose from the public and private course types. They can log into the app using their Facebook account. Here is what as a user, you can with the app.• Set up your buddy list from your address book• Add other members of your private club or players club to your buddy list• See your buddy's availability to play• Bi-monthly reminders to update your availability if you forgetBeing a niche app, the app hasn't got too many users. This new variant has been downloaded up to 50 times on Android devices. iTunes, the app store for iOS, doesn't claim any similar stats. However, positive reviews regarding the app on Android and iOS app stores reveal about the expertise of this mobile app development company.Special attention has been given to the privacy of users. The entire personal information of a golf request sender remains invisible to the recipient till the time his or her request is accepted. The information regarding availability of a golf course and that of a player is made available to the intended users through push notifications.On the occasion, Mr. Nikhil Juneja, Chief Technology Officer, Root Info Solutions, couldn't stop himself from praising his Android and iOS mobile app development teams. He said: "I'm happy that we are growing in terms of number of apps and number of employees, but I'm more than happy that we are achieving the feats qualitatively."He went on adding, "Featuring of Find A Game at PGA 2017, speaks a volume about what Rootians can do together. I congrats UI-UX designers and software analysts who ensured quality end user experience."How successful would be this second inning as Find A Game remains to be seen. However, one thing is loud and clear that digital has found its way in the real world across all walks of life, and it's usage is likely to see new heights in coming years.Root Info Solutions Lakeside House,1 Furzeground Way Stockley Park,Heathrow, UB11 1BDWebsite: http://rootinfosol.com/
If The Guardian's most recent University League tables are anything to go by, it is evident our student body is anything but “satisfied with feedback” from The University of Edinburgh, which has made its roots firmly in the bottom in this category. The most pressing reason for this has to be exam feedback, or rather, the total lack thereof.
It would be inconceivable to be left without appropriate essay feedback. Your tutor's comments are imperative, especially in the formative years, to your understanding of what is expected of you and how to continue making improvements. Yet examinations make up the biggest proportion of our marks and degrees, making the lack of feedback that seems to be specific to this kind of assessment even more bewildering. Obviously, as courses are large and numerous, logistical constraints play a part. But solutions can be found in more generalised forms of feedback, which the university is failing to offer.
Universities are now part of a competitive market, and failing to improve Edinburgh's notoriously low student satisfaction levels will have negative consequences for our university. This is why improved feedback and communication between tutors and students is so imperative to the future of this institution. There are many avenues the university can explore in terms of exam feedback. General online feedback could be made accessible online to students containing the medium mark, perhaps a top mark and failure rate, and then on a question-by-question basis evaluating common mistakes. Exam scripts could be distributed to tutors and regular meetings organised, much like those in welcome week.
At the very least, the introductory lecture at the start of each semester could spend some time going through the previous exam on top of, or better yet instead of, the repetition of the administrative side of courses that we already have ready access to. It is understandable that the marking process is complex and time consuming, but it is in the university's interest for students to achieve the best possible marks, and this surely seems an endeavour worth committing to. Unlike the impracticality of detailed individual exam comments, these more generalised forms of feedback cited would be fairly easy to achieve whilst being of huge benefit to the student body and university alike.
Whilst some universities offer these modes of feedback, they are sporadic not only between schools, but between certain exams as well. A standardised form should be set across the university. A mark without explanation bears little significance, and greater clarity would not only help students improve as they progress through university, but also hand greater accountability to markers.
Furthermore, the point of communication is imperative in this process and one which is distinctly lacking in our university. Few people collect their exam scripts and even fewer people know that they have a legal right, under the Data Protection Act 1998, to receive detailed feedback for any examination, as this is considered personal information. Universities have up to 40 calendar days after examination results are published or 5 months after the request has been received so email, phone, knock on your school's door, and ensure you get the little feedback you are entitled to.
Image: Pete via Flickr
April 30 A 2-0 victory in the final north London derby at White Hart Lane in the Premier League on Sunday ensured Mauricio Pochettino's Spurs will finish above their arch-rivals Arsenal for the first time in 22 years.
Dele Alli netted his 21st goal of the season in the second half, with Harry Kane doubling Spurs' lead 146 seconds later from the penalty spot.
We have gathered some post-match reaction from supporters of both clubs:
Tottenham Hotspur: The Fighting Cock
“Well, this is it, the last North London derby at White Hart Lane. There probably isn't a bigger game this season and I can't think of a better way to give this historic stadium the send-off it deserves.
“Finishing above them this season will feel incredibly sweet. There's no better feeling than winning a derby against the Gunners. There's an immense sense of relief after that display. The thought of losing -- or even drawing -- against Arsenal has been giving me sleepless nights.
“Arsenal are just like a mid-table Spanish team against opposition who don't just let them move the ball around. It's unbelievable it took us that many years to crack their code, though.
“Petr Cech kept it from getting embarrassing for Arsene Wenger. Alexis Sanchez really is the only attacking player who they have who is truly worth his salt. Olivier Giroud was anonymous for the entire game.
“When Mauricio Pochettino shook Wenger's hand at the end of the game, he probably said: "I want you to stay...”. Legend.
“It's unbelievable that so many pundits are saying that Harry Kane dived. He got booted in the shin –- how can anybody claim they didn't see it like that?
“Let's keep the pressure on, just four games to go. The title race isn't over yet.”
Arsenal: Arsenal Mania
“It's time for Arsene Wenger to go. Spurs have overtaken us. I really do hate our club at the moment. I was at the point where I was almost hoping they were going to put a few more past us. Wenger needs to be humiliated in every game from now until the end of the season -- and that includes the FA Cup final.
“Petr Cech is the only reason we didn't lose 4-0 at White Hart Lane today. He was our man of the match but, saying that, he didn't even bother to get off his deck chair for the penalty. It's depressing, really.
“You could tell Wenger gave up on this one early by those substitutions he made in the second half. It's a shame considering we were playing in a crucial North London derby.
“The way things are going we will even be finishing below Everton next season. Our club is in a mess.
“We know that there's always a good chance Gabriel (Paulista) will go and do something awful in every game. It's time for him to move on. We need to give up on Project (Aaron) Ramsey, too. He's just not good enough. We looked far too open without the ball.
“Victor Wanyama was passing the ball around like a boss. He's not good enough for Arsenal, allegedly -- meanwhile he dominates our midfield every time we play against him." (Compiled by Claire Bloomfield; Editing by Clare Fallon)
It's the most wonderful time of the year. Flat-hunting season is upon us. All around the city students are throwing each other down the stairs of any flat they can find, in the conquest to secure accommodation for next year.
When and if they get to the top, they face three terrifying foes: exploitative landlords, soaring rent prices and, probably, some mice.
Edinburgh is home to around 30,000 students, so it's no wonder that the competition for flats resembles a property market minefield. If you thought getting into the library in revision season was a struggle, try getting a Marchmont flat in January.
Perhaps we need to be asking whether there are too few housing options available, flooding the housing market and lending to landlord logic that exploits the vulnerability of students.
Certainly, the high student population in Edinburgh has created a housing market in which rising rent prices is an unfair reality.
In a survey conducted by The Student, 64.2 per cent of participants feels that rent in Edinburgh is disproportionately priced. Often, they pay extortionate amounts to live in conditions that are sub-par, encountering mould, mice and poor plumbing.
Many find that their maintenance loans do not cover the cost of rent, with one participant alarmingly stating that the budgetary issues caused by rent payments meant “I've had to go days without eating.”
While not everyone's experience is quite as dire, landlords know how to use the market to their advantage, at the expense of students.
Amid the backdrop of soaring rent, landlords have been reported to use the threat of increased rent to quicken the lease-signing process, knowing that the fierce competition will guarantee a panicked signing.
Moreover, our survey found that landlords and letting agencies often negatively stereotype students, taking harsher actions against them when minor issues occur.
69.4 per cent of students said they felt they had been unfairly treated by a landlord or letting agency. 34.7 per cent have had unfair noise complaints made against them and landlords also assume a level of disorganisation and inexperience amongst students, which they often capitalise on.
Asked for comments about the problem of exploitative landlords in Edinburgh, The Advice Place told us that the number of students enquiring about unfair treatment was “pretty high,” although explained that this was often because landlords were “not aware of the legislation.”
This may well be the case, but landlords should be obligated to understand and abide by housing legislation. Ignorant landlords, coupled with those who knowingly take advantage of the natural inexperience of many students, create a pretty grim landscape for student flat-hunters.
It is, of course, possible to have a positive renting experience. Our survey suggests that students who rented with private landlords had an easier time than those who went through agencies. The fact that the most affordable flats are owned by letting agencies marks another disadvantage for students, forcing them into situations in which they can be more easily exploited.
Outside of this, another participant remarked on the ease of renting through the university for accommodation after first year. However, the university cannot possibly provide this service to its entire student body, and as such, provides a limited solution to the problems that students face in the private sector.
Clearly, there are several converging housing issues in Edinburgh, which lead to students being disadvantaged and exploited. The huge competition not only drives prices up, but creates an environment in which landlords and letting agents benefit from student stereotypes and capitalise on their inexperience.
In a city which, after London, has the highest student living costs in the UK, we need to be mounting pressure on student unions, university and government, to facilitate easier and cheaper student living. If there's one stereotype about students that holds true, it's that they're pretty skint. It follows then, that student rents should be cheaper rents.
Image: The Student
Index Markets Research offers a detailed research on Global Real-Time Locating Systems (RTLS) Market with the future prospects of the market to provide the current state and emerging trends in the market. The report covers methodical outlook by considering aspects such as market growth, market demands, business strategies, consumption volume, market trends and industry cost structure during the forecast period 2018-2025. New vendors in the market are facing tough competition from established international vendors as they struggle with technological innovations, reliability and quality issues. The Prominent Manufacturers included Zebra Technologies Corp., Stanley Healthcare, Impinj, SAVI Technology, Ubisense Group, Airista, Airista, Versus Technology, Identec Group, Redpine Signals, Decawave, Awarepoint, Bespoon.
The Real-Time Locating Systems (RTLS) Market report includes a brief on these trends that can help the businesses operating in the industry to understand the market and strategize for their business expansion accordingly. The research report analyzes the market size, industry share, growth, key segments, CAGR and key drivers. In this part, the report presents the company profile, product specifications, capacity, production value, and 2013-2018 market shares for each company. Through the statistical analysis, the report depicts the global total market of Real-Time Locating Systems (RTLS) industry including capacity, production, production value, cost/profit, supply/demand and import/export. The total market is further divided by company, by country, and by application/type for the competitive landscape analysis.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-real-time-locating-systems-rtls-market/10158/#requestforsample
The Real-Time Locating Systems (RTLS) Market report gives a description of the competitive nature of the market, market shares, and its growth rates based on 5-year history data along with company profile of key players/manufacturers. The Porter's Five Forces model and the SWOT analysis are also a fraction of this study so as to assist businessmen in recognizing the spirited background of the market. This is The market report integrates a study of the investment charisma of the market, and the end consumers have been standardized based on their general attractiveness, rate of development, and size of the market.It provides overview with growth analysis and historical & futuristic cost, revenue, volume delivered (in kilo tons) and the income it produces (in US$), demand and supply data (as applicable). The research analysts provide an elaborate description of the value chain and its distributor analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Real-Time Locating Systems (RTLS) Market Products Type Segmentation : RFID, Wi-Fi, Ultra-Wideband (UWB), Infrared (IR), Ultrasound, ZigBee, Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE), Global Positioning System (GPS), Other RTLS Technologies.
Real-Time Locating Systems (RTLS) Market Applications Segmentation : Security, Temperature and Humidity Monitoring, Yards & Dock Monitoring, Warehousing, Inventory & Asset – Tracking and Management, Personnel/Staff Locationing & Monitoring, Mapping & Visualization, Mapping & Visualization, Supply Chain Management, Workflow & Process Automation, Others.
Key Highlights of the Real-Time Locating Systems (RTLS) Market :
1) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
2) Analyze the opportunities in the market for stakeholders by identifying the high growth segments.
3) It depicts parameters such as production value, capacity in a statistical format that is accurately fathomed by the readers.
4) Strategically analyze each submarket with respect to individual growth trend and their contribution to the market.
5) Strategically profile the key players and comprehensively analyze their growth strategies.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-real-time-locating-systems-rtls-market/10158/#inquiry
In the conclusion, The Real-Time Locating Systems (RTLS) market downstream consumer analysis, upstream raw materials, different types of equipment are concealed in the report. Research findings, conclusions, industry feasibility analysis, vendors and traders involved, appendix data and figures in the form of tables, graphs, and pie-charts.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
A satellite image of the intersection where a fatal crash took place on Aug. 13 (Google Maps).
Henderson police are investigating an early Sunday morning crash that killed a motorcyclist, according to a release.
Henderson fire and police officials responded to reports of a crash at the intersection of Paseo Verde Parkway and Carnegie Street, near St. Rose Parkway at 12:18 a.m. Aug. 13.
Preliminary details indicate a Honda CR-V failed to yield the right of way for the motorcyclist. The driver of the Honda said they did not see the incoming motorcyclist on the roadway, according to police.
The 19-year-old rider of the motorcycle was transported to Sunrise hospital where he was pronounced dead, said police.
Police said alcohol nor speed are not considered factors in the crash.
Authorities continue to investigate the crash.
The Clark County Coroner will release the identity of the decedent after notifying his family.
Copyright 2017 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
April 28 Fortuna Entertainment Group Nv
* to hold AGM on June 12, discussion on Fortbet tender offer on agenda
* says in AGM materials, as expected, not proposing dividend from 2016 profit, reiterates future dividend policy to be announced after end-2017
* says in AGM materials company will prepare position statement on Fortbet offer before AGM
* majority shareholder Penta Investments, through its Fortbet Holdings subsidiary has announced a public offering at 98.69 crowns a share, below market price Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Ask anyone associated with the “Baahubali” franchise why they chose to work on the film, and their answer is likely to be “because of S. S. Rajamouli.”
The 43-year-old director and his conviction in the story is what convinced producers Shobu Yarlagadda and Prasad Devineni to back a $67 million film. Bollywood producer Karan Johar called Rajamouli a “global film-maker” in the league of James Cameron and Christopher Nolan.
With a fortnight to go for the release of the second part of his two-part fantasy film, the director is spending hours in the editing suite and coordinating with 35 studios to make sure the CGI shots come in at the right time.
Rajamouli spoke to Reuters about the “Baahubali” experience:
Q: Back in 2012, when you started work on this film, what was the vision for “Baahubali”? A: The vision was not just in 2012 - it kept building over a period of years, right from my childhood. I had this penchant for bigger films, larger-than-life characters. And as the interest for films started growing and (I watched) films like “Ben Hur” and “The Ten Commandments” or Telugu films like “Maya Bazaar”, I always had an inclination for that. By the time we came to 2012, I had fantastic producers like Shobu and Prasad who backed my vision and we jumped into “Baahubali”.
Q: Everyone associated with this film says it was their trust in you that made them back this film. What was your conviction based on? A: I don't know if I had the perfect conviction. The drive comes from my characters. When my father (K V Vijayendra Prasad) narrated the stories of Shivagami and Bijjaladeva, Baahubali, Bhallaladeva, Devasena, they were all so full of life. When he narrated those characters to me, I had a certain electrifying experience inside me. And I want to deliver whatever experience I had when I first heard about those characters. I wanted that to be felt by the audience. The fear of not doing that keeps me driven. It is as if I have put the characters up on a mantle and they are judging me to see how I am going to present them to the audience. I cannot do injustice by those characters. That is what keeps me going.
Q: Were you willing to give five years to this project? A: Five years or six years or ten years doesn't matter. Moulding those characters matters. I enjoy every moment of it.
Q: What was the toughest part? A: The toughest part was to keep the focus of everyone on this project, on the story and on the work. We are not used to working on just one film. One year at the max. This is a new way of film-making, one we are not used to.
Q: Did you always mean for this to be a franchise and a pan-India one at that? A: I always thought of it as a pan-India film. I was confident of it. The tent-pole franchise bit was -- I can't find the right word -- it was what we looked forward to. We didn't know that it would be one or not.
Q: Do you think “Baahubali” will set a template for future films? A: I cannot speak for other films but basic human nature is [that] we follow by example. If someone makes an inroad into a new territory, a new market, people will follow their success. That way, I think we will be getting more pan-India films and not restricted to a region or a language. More and more films will come out on a bigger budget, on a larger-than-life scale. That is what I think will happen as a natural process, not that I am setting a standard or anything.
Q: Were there any moments of doubt? A: I am always in self-doubt. Every moment of my film-making. I am supremely confident when the story is being written and everything is in our head. But the moment we get into the film-making, I start doubting myself. From the camera angle, to the re-recording, to getting the actors to do their shots. I always wonder whether I am going in the right direction. That is the reason if I take two steps forward, I take one step back. That is why the film takes longer to finish. I shoot a scene, edit it and then two days later I doubt whether or not it has turned out right. I reshoot a small part of it, go back to the first edit of it and do all sorts of things.
Q: More moviegoers in India seem to favour Hollywood hits over Bollywood these days. Why is that? A: It's an open market and there is nothing wrong with Hollywood franchises coming here and showcasing their films. See, they have heavy budgets. They have huge star casts and huge studios backing them, but if we make 10 percent of it in an Indian context, with our stories, our heroes and heroines … we can easily compete with them. Because predominantly, our audience is our audience. They might be watching English films or Hollywood films and getting used to it, but the blood doesn't change, the DNA doesn't change. It is the Indian DNA. We should look at it as -- they made inroads into a market and we use it.
Q: Did the budget of “Baahubali” weigh you down? A: Always. See, you oscillate between confidence and fear. You go to the edit room and see one scene which has come out fantastically and you feel the film will set records. By evening you look at the budget figures or something that hasn't worked out and ask yourself -- what if this doesn't work?
Editing by Robert MacMillan
Goldman Sachs raises $7 bln for new private equity fund -sources
June 14 Goldman Sachs Group Inc has raised around $7 billion for its new private equity fund, near the top of its targeted goal, according to two people familiar with the matter.
April 6 The U.S. Food and Drug Administration on Thursday agreed to allow genetic testing company 23andMe to market tests directly to consumers for their predisposition to 10 diseases, including Parkinson's, Alzheimer's and Celiac disease.
The FDA said the tests are intended to provide genetic risk information but cannot determine a person's overall risk of developing a disease or condition.
"In addition to the presence of certain genetic variants, there are many factors that contribute to the development of a health condition, including environmental and lifestyle factors," the agency said in a statement. (Reporting by Toni Clarke in Washington; Editing by Dan Grebler)
Sally Marks, author of Erase Negativity
Contact
Marks Public Relations
***@gmail.com Marks Public Relations
End
-- Looking for a unique gift to buy a grouchy dad or father-in-law?Self-help authors Sally Marks and Jacqueline Howard may have the answer with the paperback version of their self-improvement book,The book is a practical guide on how to reduce negativity and embrace happiness. From meth addicts to multi-millionaires,offers powerful experiences of individuals who have faced dramatic challenges, but did not lose hope. Using these compelling biographies, as well as practical advice and simple exercises, the reader is guided on an internal journey toward adopting a more joyful way to live.The book retails for $15 on Amazon, but many stores are offering a sale price of $12.99 as an incentive to reduce the number of crabby people in society. Signed copies of the book are available by contacting markspr@cox.net."Everyone suffers from negativity in one form or another, but not everyone knows how to erase it from their lives," said Marks. "This book is a simple, friendly and entertaining read that should be a hit with nearly everyone. For those who are already optimistic it serves as a friendly reminder on how to maintain a positive mindset in a negative world."To schedule a workshop or interview call 480-861-5554 or visit www.erasenegativity.blogspot.com.
The Rams suffered their fourth loss of the season Sunday at the hands of the Philadelphia Eagles, who now hold a two-game lead over Los Angeles for the top seed in the NFC. It was a difficult pill to swallow, particularly after losing Kayvon Webster to a ruptured Achilles, but the Rams are still in good shape.
They got particularly good performances from a handful of players despite their impressive showings not being enough to earn a victory. Todd Gurley was certainly one of those players, racking up 135 yards from scrimmage on just 16 touches. He earned the highest grade in the game from Pro Football Focus at 93.2.
Here are the five best grades for the Rams from Sunday's loss.
RB Todd Gurley, 93.2 overall grade DI Aaron Donald, 88.9 overall grade S John Johnson, 86.6 overall grade WR Cooper Kupp, 85.3 overall grade CB Nickell Robey-Coleman, 85.2 overall grade
Gurley was exceptional against the Eagles' No. 1 ranked run defense despite falling just short of 100 yards rushing. He was forcing missed tackles left and right, doing so five times on his 16 touches – a remarkable rate.
Gurley was at his rampaging best in this game, he fell just shy of a 100-yard rushing game but since he only got 13 carries, missing that mark should not be held against him. Gurley forced five missed tackles on those carries, as he used creases opened up in the aggressive Philadelphia front to exploit his ability in space against the Eagles' defensive backs and linebackers. Those five missed tackles forced were Gurley's most since Week 1 last season.
Donald put together another strong performance despite behind held without a sack, hitting the quarterback three times and hurrying them five times. Although it wasn't his best showing, he did have an impact on the game by drawing double teams consistently.
Raízen set to win auction for two sugar mills in Brazil - creditor
São Paulo, June 14 Brazil's Raízen Energia SA, the world's largest sugar maker, is set to win on Friday a judicial auction of two sugar mills owned by Tonon Bioenergia SA, having made the highest bid, a manager at a group of cane producers which is a strategic creditor of Tonon told Reuters on Wednesday.
UPDATE 3-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced his retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
A woman puts flowers on a police vehicle near the Ahlens department store following Friday's attack in central Stockholm, Sweden, April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Philip O'Connor
Flowers are seen on a fence by Ahlens department store following Friday's attack in central Stockholm, Sweden, April 9, 2017. According to local media, the flowers were moved to the steps at Sergels Torg on Sunday morning. TT News Agency/Jonas Ekstromer/via REUTERS
Police carry materials from a house search as part of the investigation after the terror attack in Drottninggatan where several people were killed and injured after a truck crashed into a department store Ahlens, in an apartment in Varberg south west of Stockholm, Sweden, April 8, 2017. Maja Suslin/TT News Agency via REUTERS
A police photographer takes pictures during a house search in an apartment in Varberg south west of Stockholm, Sweden, April 8, 2017. Maja Suslin/TT News Agency via REUTERS
STOCKHOLM An Uzbek man suspected of ramming a truck into a crowd in Stockholm, killing four people, had expressed sympathy for Islamic State and was wanted for failing to comply with a deportation order, Swedish police said on Sunday.
Two sources who had worked with the suspect, Rakhmat Akilov, independently identified him to Reuters from images distributed by police as the manhunt got underway on Friday.
Two police spokespersons declined to confirm his identity as did the suspect's court-appointed lawyer.
Thousands gathered in the spring sunshine near the site of Friday's attack to show support for those killed or injured when a hijacked beer delivery truck hurtled down a busy shopping street before crashing into a store and catching fire. The Uzbek man was arrested several hours later.
"The suspect had expressed sympathy for extremist organisations, among them IS," Jonas Hysing, chief of national police operations, told a news conference, using an acronym for the ultra-hardline militant group.
Two of those killed were Swedes, one was a British citizen and the other from Belgium, Hysing said of the attack, which echoes the earlier use of vehicles as deadly weapons in Nice, Berlin and London. Those attacks were claimed by Islamic State, but there has been no such claim yet for the Stockholm assault.
The suspect, aged 39 and from the Central Asian republic of Uzbekistan, applied for permanent residence in Sweden in 2014. However, his bid was rejected and he was wanted for disregarding a deportation order, Hysing said.
Security Police spokesman Simon Bynert said the suspect had been involved in an asylum process in Sweden, but that the security police had not been part of it.
Police had been looking for him since Sweden's Migration Agency in December gave him four weeks to leave, but security services had not viewed him as a militant threat.
Sweden's prosecution authority said a second person had been arrested on suspicion of having committed a terrorist offence through murder, but police said they were more convinced than ever that the Uzbek man was the driver of the truck.
Another five people were being held for questioning after raids and police said they had conducted about 500 interviews.
Police across the Nordic region went on heightened alert after the attack and in neighbouring Norway police set off a controlled explosion of a "bomb-like device" in central Oslo on Sunday and took a suspect into custody.
FLOWERS AND DEFIANCE
Although nine of the 15 people injured remained in hospital, two in intensive care, Stockholm began to return to normal on Sunday with the removal of police barricades along the Drottninggatan street where the attack took place.
Hundreds of flower bouquets covered steps leading down to the square next to where the truck ploughed into the Ahlens department store, with more piled up under boarded-up windows.
Only yards from the scene, thousands of people gathered in the Sergels Torg square in a show of unity as heavily armed police stood guard and a police helicopter hovered overhead.
"I want to show I'm not afraid to go out," Eva Udd, a 55-year-old nurse who had joined the demonstration with a friend, said. "I usually never go to things like this, but this just felt so very important."
Husam Kranda, a Libyan living in Sweden for the past five years and now working as translator, was among the multi-ethnic gathering which underlined Stockholm's cosmopolitan inhabitants.
"We believe it's our duty to come here and show our support for the Swedish society," he said.
"I know it's a difficult time, there is a lot going on within Swedish society and internationally. But today is not about that, it's about showing support for our neighbours and our beloved ones."
He was joined by his wife from Uzbekistan, Irana Mamedova.
"I really feel ashamed [of] that man, because this country give him everything, this country give him peace," she said of the Uzbek suspect. "He is a monster."
Prime Minister Stefan Lofven, addressing a Social Democratic party conference in the western city of Gothenburg, said Sweden would never be broken by acts of terror.
"We will hunt down these murderers with the full power of Sweden's democracy. There will be no compromises," he said.
Sweden, a nation of 10 million inhabitants, has long taken pride in its tolerant liberal society and been among the world's most welcoming nations to immigrants.
But some Swedes are having second thoughts after more than 160,000 people, many from Syria, applied for asylum in 2015.
The Ahlens store cancelled a planned half-price sale of smoke-damaged goods and apologised after a storm of protest on social media that this would be disrespectful to the victims.
(Additional reporting by Johan Ahlander, Johan Sennero, Johannes Hellstrom, Helena Soderpalm, Olof Swahnberg and Daniel Dickson, and Temis Tormo and Philip O'Connor for Reuters TV in Stockholm, and Julia Fioretti in Brussels; writing by Simon Johnson, Alister Doyle and Niklas Pollard; editing by Mark Heinrich/Alexander Smith/Susan Thomas)
AOL announced today that their instant messenger service is shutting down for good. Effective December 17 you will no longer be able to use the service. So, can you save those incredibly awkward conversations you had with all your friends?
All good things come to an end. On Dec 15, we'll bid farewell to AIM. Thank you to all our users! #AIMemories https://t.co/b6cjR2tSuU pic.twitter.com/V09Fl7EPMx — AIM (@aim) October 6, 2017
The answer is yes as long as you or your buddy never disabled the option to save a copy of your chats. You also need to be able to sign in to your old account. All chat threads must be saved before December 15, 2017.
Here's how to save them:
Note that images and files are not saved with the chat logs and must be manually saved.
For Windows users:
1. Click the search box located in the bottom left corner of your screen next to your Start button.
2. Type AIM Logs and press the Enter key on your keyboard once the results are displayed.
3. When the folder opens, double-click on your screen name.
4. Here you'll see a saved file for each of the screen names or group names from your Buddy List. Double-click the one you'd like to view and it will open. All files will continue to be available in this log until you delete them.
For Mac users:
1. Click on the spotlight icon on the menu bar in the top right corner of your desktop.
2. Type AIM Logs in the search bar.
3. Double click to open the folder.
4. Double-click on the folder with your screen name.
5. Here you'll see a saved file for each of the screen names or group names from your Buddy List. Double-click the one you'd like to view and it will open. All files will continue to be available in this log until you delete them.
In a statement released on tumblr by Michael Albers, the VP of Communications Product at Oath, the company reminisced on old times while looking forward to new ones.
If you were a 90's kid, chances are there was a point in time when AOL Instant Messenger (AIM) was a huge part of your life. You likely remember the CD, your first screenname, your carefully curated away messages, and how you organized your buddy lists. Right now you might be reminiscing about how you had to compete for time on the home computer in order to chat with friends outside of school. You might also remember how characters throughout pop culture from “You've Got Mail” to “Sex and the City” used AIM to help navigate their relationships. In the late 1990's, the world had never seen anything like it. And it captivated all of us.
All your data associated with AIM will be deleted on December 15, 2017. This will include your Buddy List from chat and any files that were uploaded through the services.
April 5 Pepsico Inc:
* Pepsico Inc releases statement regarding ad featuring Kendall Jenner
* "Apologize for putting Kendall Jenner in this position"
* Pepsico Inc says we are removing the ad content and halting any further rollout Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
'We can't do it alone' - Jacinda Ardern promises a partnership with Maori on problems they face
The PM says the Government can only make the gains it wants if it works in partnership with Maori.
* Dollar propped up by rise in Treasury yields
* Euro holds onto to most of the gains since French vote
* Sterling wobbles slightly on reports from EU meeting
* Graphic: World FX rates in 2017 tmsnrt.rs/2egbfVh
By Patrick Graham
LONDON, May 2 The dollar hit a one-month high against the yen on Tuesday, lifted by a surge in U.S. government bond yields after U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin commented on the possibility of ultra long-term bond issuance.
With European markets returning after Monday's May Day holidays, the greenback gained around a quarter of a percent to trade as high as 112.18 yen, its strongest since March 31 and close to a six-week high of 112.21 yen.
Mnuchin told Bloomberg in an interview on Monday that issuing debt exceeding 30-years in maturity "can absolutely make sense", driving 30-year yields to a three-week high and returns on 10-year bonds to a session peak.
The euro, however, held strong against the greenback, some measure of market doubts over whether the Trump administration is capable of delivering a promised boost to growth, chiefly now envisaged to come through tax cuts.
"Mnuchin's comments have at least stabilised the long end of the curve," said Lee Hardman, a currency economist with Japan's MUFG.
"But the dollar is still on the defensive in the near term. The data from the U.S. has been coming in on the disappointing side and the Fed is likely to acknowledge that at this week's meeting."
The "Trumpflation" trades that dominated the end of last year, driving Treasury yields and the dollar higher on expectations of higher inflation, growth and official interest rates have faded this year.
The dollar has fallen almost 4 percent against the euro in the first four months of 2017. It traded less than half a cent off last week's 5-1/2 month high of $1.0951.
The latest U.S. economic indicators have been underwhelming. A survey out on Monday showed factory activity slowed in April, while data showed consumer spending was unchanged in March, and an important inflation measure fell on a monthly basis for the first time since 2001.
Other U.S. data out later this week include an ADP employment report on Wednesday, durable goods orders on Thursday and a non-farm jobs report on Friday.
The Fed is widely expected to keep interest rates unchanged at a two-day policy meeting that begins on Tuesday, but its attitude to the recent data will be crucial for market expectations of another rise in interest rates in June.
Sterling, one of the past month's strongest performers in currency markets globally, dipped 0.1 percent to $1.2871 and 0.2 percent to 84.75 pence per euro, with eyes moving to a PMI survey of manufacturing sector purchasing managers.
Some analysts were surprised there was not a bigger impact from readouts of a fractious meeting between Prime Minister Theresa May and a European Union delegation last week that bodes ill for the first stages of Brexit talks this year.
"While political clarity has been applauded by investors so far this year, it is clear from the past 36 hours of trading that the focus is now moving on to the negotiations over the UK's exit," said Simon Derrick, chief market strategist with Bank of New York Mellon in London.
"Given the likely challenges ahead, this suggests that the pound may now find upward progress rather harder than it has so far this year."
For Reuters Live Markets blog on European and UK stock markets see reuters://realtime/verb=Open/url=http://emea1.apps.cp.extranet.thomsonreuters.biz/cms/?pageId=livemarkets
(Additional reporting by Shinichi Saoshiro in Tokyo; Editing by Tom Heneghan)
FILE PHOTO: Men are handcuffed after they were detained by police during a police anti-illegal drugs operation in Quezon city, Metro Manila, Philippines November 9, 2016. REUTERS/Czar Dancel/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: Members of Philippine National Police SWAT team stand guard near the residents during an anti-drugs operation, in Pasig, Metro Manila in the Philippines, November 9, 2016. REUTERS/Erik De Castro/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte points to photographers during an awarding ceremony for outstanding government workers, at the Malacanang Palace in Manila, Philippines December 19, 2016. REUTERS/Ezra Acayan/File Photo
Members of the Filipino community (Barangay) local security forces, which according to the group conducts foot patrol to deter crime and drug abuse in their neighbourhood, stand on guard at a outpost over a railroad bridge in Santa Mesa, metro Manila, Philippines March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Romeo Ranoco
Members of the Filipino community (Barangay) local security forces, which according to the group conducts foot patrol to deter crime and drug abuse in their neighbourhood, carry batons while walking past residents at a railroad track in Santa Mesa, metro Manila, Philippines March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Romeo Ranoco
Members of the Filipino community (Barangay) local security forces, which according to the group conducts foot patrol to deter crime and drug abuse in their neighbourhood, carry batons while walking past commuters at a railroad track in Santa Mesa, metro Manila, Philippines March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Romeo Ranoco
MANILA Allies of Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte have prepared legislation to postpone elections to the over 40,000 village councils in the country and allow him to choose replacements in what they say is part of the war on drugs.
If passed by Congress, the move would make Duterte, a former mayor, the most powerful leader in the Philippines since late dictator Ferdinand Marcos. Marcos was widely accused of exploiting village council leaders to legitimise his rule.
Duterte has declared that 40 percent of the Philippines' village chiefs, known as barangay captains, are "into drugs", and obstructing the anti-narcotics crackdown launched by his administration. Over 8,000 people, mostly drug users and small pushers, have been killed since Duterte took office at the end of June, about a third by police and many of the rest by mysterious gunmen.
The proposal to delay the barangay polls due in October has been filed by Congressman Robert Barbers with the support of Duterte loyalist and House of Representatives speaker, Pantaleon Alvarez. They say it aims to stop local drugs barons from winning posts.
The bill, slated for discussion when Congress reconvenes in May 2, seeks to postpone for a second successive year the ballot for 336,000 chairmen and councillors in the nation's 42,000 barangays. But instead of extending the tenure of incumbents, Duterte's allies want to declare all posts vacant until 2020, and let the president appoint caretakers instead.
If successful, that would effectively expand Duterte's control of the executive and legislative branches to the local government apparatus.
Duterte's spokesman, Ernesto Abella, said the president wanted to keep drugs out of politics, but would let lawmakers decide on the elections.
"He is aware of the process, respects the law, and defers to the independence of Congress," Abella said.
Barbers, who chairs the house committee on dangerous drugs, said he had not contacted Duterte about his proposal and took it upon himself to intervene. He said the move was neither authoritarian nor undemocratic because "extraordinary times need extraordinary measures".
"We are afraid that 40 percent of our barangays are controlled, affected or infected by drugs and that will increase," Barbers told Reuters.
"Especially if we give access to the drug lords to come into play, maybe run for public office. And that's more dangerous."
GRASSROOTS POWER BASE
The barangay is the smallest political unit in the Philippines dating back to before Spanish occupation started in the 16th century. Similar to a mayor, barangay leaders have considerable influence.
Via appointments, Duterte could, potentially, build a grassroots power base, adding to the majority support he holds in the lower house and Senate, and his fervently loyal following on social media.
Barbers said Duterte had no desire to entrench his power.
"He does not need an additional power base," he said. "We don't want to turn into a narco-state, we don't want to be under the auspices of drug lords."
The bicameral Congress can pass a bill to postpone the barangay elections and vacate the posts, and according to Barbers, Duterte can appoint caretakers, because the constitution states he exercises "general supervision over local governments".
Critics say he has no authority to do that and are suspicious of his motives.
Congressman Edcel Lagman said the democratic process "should never be sacrificed to the questionable scheme of the president and his cheerleaders."
Former Senate President Aquilino Pimentel, the author of a 1991 Local Government Code, called the plan "a joke" and said Duterte should jail rogue officials instead of purging all barangay leaders.
"We cannot do away with the right of the people to elect their own leaders," he said on television.
"Assuming there are drug dealers, addicts, abusers among them, then the solution is to prosecute them, put them behind bars."
Some barangay captains have indicated they could challenge the plan if Congress pushes it through. They will hold talks next week.
Ramon Casiple, head of the Institute for Political and Electoral Reform, said Duterte's allies might be pushing the proposal to curry favour with the president, who tended to "think aloud" about ideas that may be impractical on a national scale.
"He still thinks like a mayor," he said. "What he says and what he does are not the same."
(Editing by Raju Gopalakrishnan)
Switch things up and stand out from the crowd this party season.
When planning your yuletide party outfit (or outfits if you're a social butterfly flitting from soiree to soiree all month), do you automatically think ‘dress' – or do you steer well clear of frocks at all costs?
Whether you're a long-time dress-avoider or simply want to switch things up this year, you couldn't have picked a better time to shop outside the box. Why? Because the high street partywear collections are chock-full of stylish separates, gorgeous going-out tops and suits of the jump and tailored variety.
A smattering of sparkle or some holly-berry red will keep things at least a little bit festive – but architectural shapes, asymmetric cuts and sumptuous fabrics are the most fashion-forward way to do after-dark attire right now.
Stand out from the crowd this Christmas in one of these 10 amazing alternatives to the party dress…
1. AQ/AQ Heather Halter Neck Jumpsuit, £180
(AQAQ/PA)
2. River Island Black Sequin Wrap Bow Bandeau Crop Top, £45; Black Coated Molly Jeggings, £45
(River Island/PA)
3. Simply Be Sequin Palazzo Trousers, £60
(Simply Be/PA)
4. Dorothy Perkins Black Velvet Suit Jacket, £40, and Slim Suit Trousers, £25
(Dorothy Perkins/PA)
5. Phase Eight Florentine Jumpsuit, £85, John Lewis
(Phase Eight/PA)
6. Glamorous Black Sheer Gold Spot Bardot Top, £36
(Glamorous/PA)
7. JD Williams Black Silver Glitter Jumpsuit, £35; Sophie Barely There Shoes, £22; Sophie Silver Ring Detail Clutch Bag, £15
(JD Williams/PA)
8. George at Asda Sequin Blazer, £28
(George/PA)
9. V by Very Embellished Mesh Top, £30
(Very/PA)
10. Pretty Little Thing Red Tassel Sequin Long Sleeve Playsuit, £45
(Pretty Little Thing/PA)
© Press Association 2017
March 31 Guangdong Qunxing Toys Joint-Stock Co Ltd
* Says it plans to acquire electric vehicle power battery firm for about 2.9 billion yuan ($421.24 million) via share issue
* Says it plans to raise up to 1.0 billion yuan to fund projects, acquisition
Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2ogNEI8
Further company coverage: ($1 = 6.8845 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
April 20 Four Corners Property Trust Inc
* FCPT announces $125 million private notes placement
* Four Corners Property - to use proceeds from offering to reduce amounts outstanding under its unsecured credit facility, to fund any future acquisitions
* Four Corners Property Trust Inc- notes consist of $50.0 million of notes with a seven-year term priced at a fixed interest rate of 4.68%
* Four Corners Property Trust Inc- notes also consist of $75.0 million of notes with a ten-year term priced at a fixed interest rate of 4.93% Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 1-Avon CEO expected to step down - WSJ
June 14 Avon Products Inc Chief Executive Sheri McCoy is expected to step down, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday, citing people familiar with the matter.
Learning how to cook when you're young could be good for your health and nutrition in the long term, a University of Auckland researcher says.
A decade-long, US-based study, just published in the Journal of Nutrition Education and Behaviour, analysed the link between early life cooking skills and nutrition later on.
"The impact of developing cooking skills early in life may not be apparent until later in adulthood when individuals have more opportunity and responsibility for meal preparation," said author Associate Professor Jennifer Utter, now based at the University of Auckland's Faculty of Medical and Health Sciences.
"The strength of this study is the large, population-based sample size followed over a period of 10 years to explore the impact of perceived cooking skills on later nutritional well-being."
Advertisement
The Project Eating and Activity in Teens and Young Adults longitudinal study was done in Minneapolis-Saint Paul area schools.
Participants reported on adequacy of cooking skills from 2002 to 2003 when they were 18 to 23 years old.
Data was then collected between 2015 and 2016 on nutrition-related outcomes when participants were 30 to 35 years old.
Questions assessed the perceived adequacy of cooking skills, how often they prepared a meal that included vegetables, how often they ate meals as a family, and how often they ate at a fast food restaurant.
Most participants perceived their cooking skills to be adequate at age 18 to 23, when about a quarter of adults reported their cooking skills were very adequate.
There were no differences in perceived cooking skills by sex, race or ethnicity, educational attainment, or age.
Perceived adequacy of cooking skills predicted multiple indicators of nutrition outcomes later in adulthood including greater odds of preparing a meal with vegetables most days and less frequent consumption of fast food.
If those who perceived their cooking skills as adequate had families, they ate more frequent family meals, less frequent fast food meals, and had fewer barriers to food preparation.
"Opportunities to develop cooking skills by adolescents may result in long-term benefits for nutritional well-being," Utter said.
"Families, health and nutrition professionals, educators, community agencies, and funders can continue to invest in home economics and cooking education knowing that the benefits may not be fully realised until young adults develop more autonomy and live independently."
The finding follows recent Massey University research that revealed just 13 per cent of surveyed teachers identified planning and preparing a complete meal as a key learning objective for their students.
Nearly 120 schools throughout New Zealand took part in the research, which examined how school children in Years 7 and 8 were taught cooking skills under the school curriculum.
Many of the foods and techniques taught in class were based around cakes, muffins and desserts. Less than half of the foods prepared were main meal items, and only 10 per cent of teachers listed fruit and vegetable content of a recipe as a factor that influenced their recipe choice.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
TAIPEI, April 28 Taiwan's presidential office on Friday said it had no plans "at this stage" to hold a telephone call with U.S. President Donald Trump, and understood that the United States had priorities in handling Asia-Pacific regional affairs.
The response came after Trump brushed aside the idea of such a phone call, following a comment by Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen that she would not rule one out, in separate interviews with Reuters on Thursday.
"Based on the good mutual trust and understanding between Taiwan and the United States, we understand the United States has priorities in handling regional affairs," Presidential Office spokesman Alex Huang said in a statement.
"At this stage, we don't have such a plan."
The government would pursue Taiwan's best interests, Huang added. (Reporting by J.R. Wu; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
MOSCOW May 2 Russia proposes resettling millions of citizens from decrepit Soviet-era apartment blocks into modern high-rise flats, but concerns about quality, a lack of services and infrastructure could upset voters ahead of a presidential election in 2018.
In the 1950s, the Soviet Union began mass-producing cheap, prefabricated housing to accommodate the millions of people sharing overcrowded communal flats and even cellars and dugouts dating from World War Two.
The then-Soviet leader, Nikita Khrushchev, promised the apartments, with low ceilings and tiny kitchens and popularly dubbed "khrushevki" after him, would be lived in for no more than half a century. Most are still occupied.
In Moscow alone, some 1.6 million people live in the mostly five-storey peeling apartment blocks which face demolition if the Russian parliament approves a draft law on urban renovation and resettlement. It has already passed a first hearing.
Thousands of ddwellings in the capital have already been torn down.
"There are positives, of course. We got a new apartment which is bigger than our last one," one resident who identified himself as Lyubov and lives in a new block told Reuters Television.
"But there are negatives too. "There are problems with the apartment block, it stinks, something is rotting in the entrance hall. There is one cleaner for the whole house."
President Vladimir Putin, in power since 2000 and widely expected to seek another term next March, urged Moscow Mayor Sergei Sobyanin to resettle residents "in a way that satisfies everyone".
One protest group called "Muscovites Against Demolition" has already gathered 18,000 signatures on social media. Critics of the resettlement law plan to hold a protest rally on May 14.
Vladimir Makhov, 53, and his ex-wife Valentina still live in their old five-storey block. With the building marked for demolition, nearly all their neighbours have moved out.
The couple - who share a poky flat with their pregnant daughter and her husband - say that what they have been offered is inferior to their existing home. But they lost their case in court and have been ordered to move.
"The majority of our neighbours just did not fight, they did not know how to do it," Makhov said.
He complained the flat they have been allocated is too small and too far from the nearest metro station.
"Some fought but they gave up. We are the only ones who will stay until the very end." (Reporting by Maria Vasilyeva; Writing by Dmitry Solovyov; Editing by Richard Lough)
HONG KONG Aviva Plc (AV.L) is exploring a sale of its Friends Provident International unit, which offers life assurance and investment products, in a deal that could raise between $500 million (398.26 million pounds) and $700 million, a source with direct knowledge of the matter said.
The British insurer has received preliminary interest from about half a dozen Chinese firms and European funds for the business, said the source, declining to be named as the process was not public.
An Aviva spokeswoman declined to comment. The news was earlier reported by the Wall Street Journal.
Friends Provident provides life assurance and investment products to global expatriate and affluent domestic customers in Hong Kong, Singapore, United Arab Emirates and other selected markets, according to information available on its website.
The company, domiciled in the Isle of Man, serves over 160,000 customers and employs more than 500 people worldwide.
Aviva, which offers life and general insurance such as motor and home cover, took control of Friends Provident as part of its $8.8 billion all-share takeover of rival Friends Life in 2015.
The insurer earlier this month generated a forecast-beating annual profit, boosted by growth in general insurance and asset management, and said more of its growing cash pile would be handed back to shareholders in 2017.
Chief Executive Mark Wilson said at the time that the Friends Provident business was under review.
According to the Wall Street Journal report, which cited people familiar with the situation, Chinese conglomerates Fosun Group (0656.HK) and HNA Group were among those evaluating the Aviva unit. Both companies declined to comment to the newspaper.
The Reuters source said Chinese firms and some European private equity funds would be the likely bidders for the asset, though some of the prospective Chinese buyers may be deterred by Beijing's capital outflow curbs aimed at propping up the yuan.
Chinese insurers have snapped up both domestic and overseas assets worth billions of dollars over the past two years to counter falling investment yields, a sharp drop in the yuan currency and sluggish stock markets at home.
The sale of Aviva's Friends Provident unit, if closed, will add to the growing list of insurance M&As in Asia.
Last week, First Origin International Ltd, a Hong Kong-based investment firm, agreed to buy Hong Kong Life Insurance for $914 million.
China's Thaihot Group 000732.SZ, a relatively new entrant to Hong Kong financial circles, in 2016, agreed to buy Dah Sing Financial's (0440.HK) life insurance unit for $1.4 billion in Hong Kong's most expensive insurance M&A.
(Reporting by Sumeet Chatterjee; Additional reporting by Carolyn Cohn in LONDON; Editing by Clara Ferreira-Marques, Mark Potter and Himani Sarkar)
As part of its new 'Unbelievably Fair' plan, company introduces several other services, features, bundles
Cox Communications is introducing its mobile phone service in Santa Barbara on Monday.
According to a statement released by the company, Cox's “Unbelievably Fair” wireless plan is the first to offer up to $20 cash back for customers' unused minutes each month.
“Wireless consumers in Santa Barbara have long been underserved on customer service,” said Cox public affairs manager Sarah Clark. “We went a step further by introducing new services and features to the Cox bundle that were built on fairness.”
Other Cox Wireless features include Cox Mobile Connect, through which customers can view TV listings and schedule DVR recordings; Universal Contact Manager, which organizes all high-speed Internet and wireless contacts in one place; and Voice Mail to Text, a service that sends voice mail messages in text message form.
Cox will also launch a TV, home phone, Internet and wireless service bundle, Clark said. Customers who subscribe to more than one service and add wireless service can choose a free upgrade — a premium channel, a high-speed Internet upgrade, unlimited domestic long distance on home digital telephone service or earlier night and weekend calling with Cox Wireless.
“With the addition of wireless service, Cox has devised an approach that is a natural extension of its bundle, providing value and simplicity that should resonate with consumers,” said Irene Berlinsky, a senior research analyst with International Data Corp.
Click here for more information on the new Cox services.
— Noozhawk business writer Alex Kacik can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Image copyright Family photo Image caption Terrie-Ann Jones was left in a pool of blood in her home in Cimla
A 55-year-old man stabbed his girlfriend 26 times before going to the pub, a murder trial has heard.
Mother-of-two Terrie-Ann Jones, 33, was left in a pool of blood after the attack in her home in Cimla, Neath, south Wales, on 5 January.
John Lewis, who denies her murder, took money from her purse and changed his clothes before going back to the pub, Swansea Crown Court was told.
The couple had been arguing about their relationship, jurors heard.
Prosecutor Mike Jones QC said after the killing Mr Lewis returned to the pub he had been in earlier, before later handing himself in to police.
He said the defendant claimed he had been attacked with a knife by Miss Jones when he went to the house to collect his belongings, and he had defended himself.
Trails of blood
The court was told her injuries included an 8cm (3in) deep stab wound to her heart, 13 to her neck, three to her collarbone, and two to her chest, with additional wounds to both hands, typical of defence injuries.
"It was Miss Jones who was trying unsuccessfully to defend herself," said Mr Jones.
He said when police went to the scene they found trails of blood on the doors and kitchen units, and drops of blood on Miss Jones's handbag and inside her purse.
Mr Lewis told police Ms Jones was injured when he tried to get the knife off her.
He claimed when he left the house she said to him: "I love you, I'm sorry."
Mr Lewis said he locked the door and threw the key down a drain, to "signify the relationship was over".
He told police: "When I left the house I honestly believed she was OK. I knew she was in a bit of blood but I didn't know it was that bad to be honest with you."
Mr Lewis told police he had been walking around "in a daze" after the incident before going to see his mother and sister and then going to the police station.
But in CCTV shown to the jury he can be seen drinking in a pub before going to police.
Image copyright PA Image caption John Lewis is on trial at Swansea Crown Court
In a 999 call played to the jury, Mr Lewis can be heard saying: "I've killed somebody. My girlfriend."
He had £60 in cash when he was arrested and Ms Jones's DNA was found on one of the notes, the jury was told.
Mr Jones said two days before her death Ms Jones had told a friend she had met someone else and was going to end the relationship.
The court heard she had been attacked by Mr Lewis last August.
And in October, after she found out she was pregnant and decided to have a termination, Mr Lewis had made threats to kill her if she ended her pregnancy, the jury was told.
"He hid in her home and threatened her with a knife," said Mr Jones.
The trial continues.
April 3 RAUTE OYJ:
* SAID ON FRIDAY, STRENGTHENS ITS OFFERING FOR VENEER AND LUMBER GRADING TECHNOLOGY BY ACQUIRING BUSINESS OF METRIGUARD INC, PULLMAN, WASHINGTON, USA
* METRIGUARD'S BUSINESS WILL CONTINUE BY NEWLY ESTABLISHED RAUTE'S SUBSIDIARY METRIGUARD TECHNOLOGIES, INC
* PURCHASE PRICE, ESTIMATED AT $4.5 MILLION, IS PAID IN TWO INSTALLMENTS
* BASE PURCHASE PRICE OF $3.1 MILLION IS PAID AT CLOSING, ADDITIONALLY THERE WILL BE EARN-OUT PAYMENT BASED ON NET SALES FOR 12-MONTH PERIOD FOLLOWING CLOSING OF TRANSACTION
* ACQUISITION IS MADE AS AN ASSET PURCHASE
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
The Mahagun Mall offers widespread of choices of services and products that perfectly suit for all sorts of budgets so that people can enjoy their shopping at the mall with friends and families.
Contact
Mahagun Group
9582226445
9582226445
bindu.gupta@ glorice.com Mahagun Group95822264459582226445
End
-- Mahagun Metro Shopping Mall is a one-stop destination for shopping and entertainment. Mahagun's venture in the commercial field is manifested by the establishment of its Metro Mall in Vaishali, Ghaziabad. It is considered as the world inside a world, a glorious experience for shoppers with plenty of options including entertainment, food, or leisure. This shopping mall is actually a hub of exclusive brands, posh food spaces, multiplexes, corporate offices, etc. and thus acts as the make attraction of the Ghaziabad city during holidays of any shopping lovers. Few of the branded stores that multiplies the beauty of this shopping mall include: Good Things, Shoppers Stop, Arrow, Louis Phillepe, Giordano, US Polo Assn, Lee, Lifestyle, Denizen, Wildcraft, Pantaloons, Liberty, Addidas, Blackberry, Woodland, 99 Dollar Store, Jashn, Bossini, Food bazaar, Globus, Bombay Selections, Fashion Station, Bata, etc. The food brands include KFC, Domino's Pizza, Let's Noodle, Subway, McDonald's, Mad Over Donuts, Moti Mahal Express, Barista, Hotel Palazzo di Lara Restaurant, and much more. The mall consists of the cutting-edge multiplex with facilities of trendy kids' zone full of games and rides.The first glance of this shopping mall is full of magnificence, luxury, the floor usually sparkles, and the decor is scintillating showcased. Besides, the lush greenery around the mall provides an airy or open-air feel. This shopping mall provides mesmerizing shopping experience and also a lifestyle destination to spend hours of quality time with friends and families, especially on weekends and holidays. For further information, you can contact 9582226445For Details-Visit- http://www.mahagun.org.in/ mall/ Call- 9582226445.
Best Ways To Celebrate World Humanitarian Day In MinnesotaWorld Humanitarian Day honors the selfless efforts of men and women who dedicate and give their lives in the service of others. Since 2009, World Humanitarian Day has been commemorated on August 19. In Minnesota, this significant day will be celebrated with summer charity events and volunteerism.
April 5 Gaumont SA:
* Said on Tuesday it proposes a dividend of 1 euro per share which will be paid after July 25
* The independent appraiser concluded that the sale of Gaumont`s stake in the company Les Cinemas Gaumont Pathe to Pathe at a price of 380 million euros is in the interest of Gaumont and its shareholders
* Board of directors of Gaumont approved the sale of Gaumont`s stake and has decided to submit it to the approval of the shareholders General meeting
* Announced a public buyback offer at 75 euros ($80.04) per share, dividend attached, to a maximum amount of 1,657,313 shares and a maximum amount of 124,298,475 euros
* Cine Par and Nicolas Seydoux, holding a stake representing 64.59 pct of the capital and 70.85 pct of the voting rights of Gaumont, have indicated to the Company that they do not intend to tender their shares to the offer
* The offer would be open from May 29 to June 26
Source text for Eikon:, Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9370 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
A legendary challenge has been set for the Royal Welsh Agricultural Society Chief Executive Steve Hughson and his assistant Aled Jones to celebrate that Carmarthenshire is this year's feature county at the show.
On Saturday June 17 Royal Welsh Agricultural Society Chief Executive Steve Hughson and his assistant Aled Jones will take on the task of climbing nine Carmarthenshire castles and taking a selfie at the highest permitted point for social media.
Organised by Carmarthenshire RWAS Fund Raising Committee, the challenge will see them visiting the Castles of Laugharne, Llansteffan, Kidwelly, Carmarthen, Newcastle Emlyn, Dryslwyn, Dinefwr, Llandovery and Carreg Cennen.
They have also been challenged to walk 7km along the Wales Coast Path between St Clears and Laugharne, paddle coracles on the Tywi and drive a vintage tractor at Carreg Cennen Castle.
The St Clears to Laugharne walk will begin at 9am and the following times are rough guides – Laugharne Castle 10am, Llansteffan Castle 10.30am, Kidwelly Castle 11.30am, Carmarthen Castle 12.30pm after paddling coracles on the Tywi, Newcastle Emlyn Castle 1.45pm, Dryslwyn Castle 2.45pm, Dinefwr Castle 3.45pm, Carreg Cennen Castle 4.45pm and finishing at Llandovery Castle at 6pm.
Carmarthenshire County Council Executive Board Member for Culture, Sport and Tourism, Cllr Peter Hughes Griffiths said: “To commemorate the ‘Year of Legend' this challenge is a great way to showcase the wealth of myths and legends that Carmarthenshire has to offer.
“We urge spectators to turn up at these locations on the day to show their support for this challenge.”
You can keep up to date with the Carmarthenshire 2017 Feature County fundraising plans on Facebook and Twitter pages: Carmarthenshire 2017 rwas feature county / @Carms2017SirGar
For more information visit: rwas.wales
LONDON (Reuters) - Britain's Co-operative Bank has named former chairman of Paragon Banking Group (PARA.L) Bob Dench as chairman, Co-op Bank said on Friday, as it seeks to further its recovery following a $900 million (£633 million) rescue by investors last year.
Dench will join Co-op Bank on March 14, succeeding Dennis Holt who is retiring.
The bank agreed a restructuring and recapitalisation plan last June with U.S. hedge fund creditors after its capital base fell to levels unacceptable to regulators hurt by restructuring costs and weak income.
Back row: Ed Burr, Linda Sherrer. Front row: Lee Elmore, Elizabeth Hudgins
End
-- There is a new community in the heart of Ponte Vedra Beach. A rare place unlike anywhere else, offering elegant living in an exquisite setting. A community that's close to everything, yet worlds apart.Welcome to EvenTide by GreenPointe Communities. EvenTide offers an extraordinary opportunity to build a custom dream home in Ponte Vedra Beach with private beach access. EvenTide is exclusively marketed by Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices Florida Network Realty."EvenTide is a remarkable property, the perfect blend of luxury and serenity, and one of the most exciting new projects in Northeast Florida," said GreenPointe Holdings President and Chief Executive Officer Ed Burr. "We have aligned ourselves to partner with the leading real estate company in Northeast Florida. Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices Florida Network Realty is well known for its expertise in luxury properties. The company is home to the area's most successful real estate agents who work hard to deliver an exceptional client experience and the most positive real estate results."Embraced by the Atlantic Ocean and the Guana River, EvenTide is an intimate enclave of 23 estate-sized homesites ranging in size from approximately a third acre to more than one acre. Located on Ponte Vedra Boulevard between Sawgrass Drive and Mickler Road, the community is surrounded by lush natural scenery."We are delighted to be affiliated with this exceptional property," said Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices Florida Network Realty Founder, President and CEO Linda Sherrer. "EvenTide is a crown jewel and certain to be the area's preeminent address for buyers looking for that perfect homesite to build their new beach home. With development underway, these preserve and lake vista homesites are priced from the $600s with pre-construction incentives, but only for a limited time. We encourage everyone interested to contact us soon. The opportunity is here now, but it won't last long."Surrounded by nature's beauty, EvenTide has been thoughtfully planned to highlight the community's premier location and geographical features. Homeowners will enjoy a relaxed lifestyle with private beach access and a neighborhood park with a sunset viewing deck for enjoying spectacular views of the Guana River."Homebuyers will have the opportunity to purchase a homesite and design/build a custom home to meet their lifestyle at EvenTide," said GreenPointe Communities North Florida Division Manager Mike Taylor. "Homebuyers may engage with their own builder to bring their dream home vision to reality. We have established design guidelines, to promote the architectural and community vision and to ensure the highest construction standards are incorporated in the design of each home."EvenTide's homes will feature a coastal-eclectic style, with touches of modern design, to complement each homesite's setting. Each will emphasize a connection between architecture and environment, blurring the distinction between indoor and outdoor living spaces. Featuring open, spacious designs with high ceilings and expansive windows, EvenTide's homes will showcase classical architectural elements, natural materials and state-of-the-art smart home technology.In addition to its premier location, EvenTide is zoned for A-rated public schools in the St. Johns County School District including PV/PV Rawlings Elementary School, Landrum Middle School and Ponte Vedra High School. The community is minutes away from some of the elite clubs and golf courses in the country including the Ponte Vedra Inn & Club, the Ponte Vedra Golf & Country Club and TPC Sawgrass, home of THE PLAYERS Championship."It is an honor to be asked to represent an incredible property such as EvenTide," said Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices Broker/Executive Vice President Christy Budnick. "Our sales professionals are market leaders who are experienced in selling luxury properties including new construction homes. We encourage interested buyers to contact our team and learn more about this exceptional opportunity."Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices Florida Network Realty is built on a culture of success and customer service. Realtors Lee Elmore and Elizabeth Hudgins are among the company's elite, consistently recognized as Top Producers in the company and revered for their integrity, passion for real estate and for delivering an exceptional client experience with the most positive real estate results.EvenTide homesites are priced from the $600s with pre-construction incentives for a limited time. Located at 1044 Ponte Vedra Boulevard in Ponte Vedra Beach, the community is near upscale shopping and dining with easy access to Jacksonville, St. Augustine and major employment centers. For more information about EvenTide and its available homesites and pre-construction pricing, please call Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices Florida Network Realty Realtors Elizabeth Hudgins or Lee Elmore at (904) 285-5499 or visit www.EvenTideLiving.com
According to the new research report “Smart Glass Market by Technology (Suspended Particle Display, Electrochromic, Liquid Crystal, Photochromic, Thermochromic), Application (Architecture, Transportation, Consumer Electronics), and Geography – Global Forecast to 2023”, the smart glass market is expected to reach USD 8.35 Billion by 2023 from USD 3.32 Billion by 2017, at a CAGR of 16.61% between 2017 and 2023. The growth of this market is mainly driven by factors such growing demand for smart glass in automobile applications, strong government support through mandates and legislations for energy-efficient construction, and optimal energy saving through smart glass applications
♦Get PDF Brochure@
https://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/smart-glass-market-907.html
Electrochromic technology expected to hold the largest share of smart glass market by 2023
Electrochromic technology is expected to hold the largest share of the smart glass market based on technology by 2023; the growth of the market for this technology attributed to a shorter switching time exhibited by this glass to switch from clear to dark state and increasing investments in this technology from the smart glass industry players. The automotive industry is a vital application area for electrochromic glass.
Smart glass market for architecture expected to grow at highest CAGR between 2017 and 2023
The smart glass market for the architecture application is expected to grow at the highest CAGR between 2017 and 2023. It offers energy-efficiency and improved aesthetics in these applications. Use of smart glass in various architecture applications increases the aesthetic value of a building and reduces the heating, cooling, and lighting costs significantly. In the architecture application, the smart glasses are used in doors, partitions, windows, skylights, and elevators. Various establishments in the architecture application using smart glass in their designs include residential buildings, schools and colleges, hospitals, corporate offices, and retail buildings including malls, outlets, and supermarkets and hypermarkets.
Europe expected to dominate smart glass market during the forecast period
The smart glass market in Europe is expected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period. Europe consists of a number of developed countries such as Belgium, France, Germany, Italy, and the UK. This region derives its revenues from the tourism, industry, and manufacturing businesses, among others. The hospitality and automotive manufacturing sectors in this region have grown tremendously due to supportive government policies over the past few decades. The government initiatives for green buildings and energy harvesting have contributed to the rise in the popularity of smart glasses. As a result, Europe holds a significant share of the overall smart glass market.
The key players in the market include SAGE Electrochromics, Research Frontiers, View, Inc., Asahi Glass Co., Gentex, Hitachi Chemical, Glass Apps, Pleotint, Polytronix, RavenWindow, Scienstry, Smartglass International, and SPD Control Systems. The key players in this market are increasingly undertaking the strategies of partnerships and collaborations, and product developments and launches to develop and introduce new technologies and products to the market.
It's easy to claim to be good and affordable, but experience is what separates out the leaders.
Cheap Limos Could Ruin That Night, Which Is Why It
Contact
Cheap Limo Service DC
contact@cheaplimoservicedc.com
(800) 371-1434 Cheap Limo Service DC(800) 371-1434
End
-- Even though prom season is still a long way off, it's time to begin thinking about transportation for your teenage son or daughter and his or her date and friends. Most people think about limousines or party buses, but that usually starts focusing onHowever, Cheap Limo Service DC has been family owned and operated for more than 23 years. Since 1994, this company has been building up one of the largest fleets of limos and buses. They have some of the most incredible stretch limousines, Hummers limos, sedans, party buses, and more. The name certainly makes it sound as though they are 'cheap,' but it's only the name. It basically means they offer some of the most affordable rates for the quality, safety, and luxury their clients receive.There are numerous, but few that can match the reputation that Cheap Limo Service DC offers. Most of the companies out there have one or two vehicles in their fleet, at best. They are only a few months or a couple of years old, at the most. That means they don't have a lot of financial resources which usually fsbdt means whatever limos they do have been considerably old and have hundreds of thousands of miles under their wheels.Yes, you certainly deserve to have a great experience and your teenage son or daughter and his or her friends have a great experience, but that doesn't mean you have to break the bank. Cheap Limo Service DC provides the best of both worlds and they've been doing it for decades.Their 24/7 phone number is 800.371.1434. For those who wish to make reservations online, they can do so by visiting www.cheaplimoserviceDC.com
April 12 Julius Baer Gruppe Ag
* Says expects cost/income ratio to move much closer to the target range in 2017 and to return to a level within this range in 2018, provided no significant deterioration in financial market conditions - AGM speech Source text for Eikon: [here ] Further company coverage: (Reporting by Zurich Newsroom)
File Photo: A football is rests on the pitch during the English Premier League soccer match between Burnley and Everton in Burnley August 23, 2009. REUTERS/Nigel Roddis
MANCHESTER, England Premier League clubs' revenues reached a new high of 3.6 billion pounds ($4.6 billion) last season, business advisory firm Deloitte said in its annual analysis while noting the clubs' suffered record combined pre-tax losses of 110 million pounds.
A number of one-off costs contributed to the loss, after two years of profits, while the report noted that wage costs increased by 12 percent to 2.3 billion pounds.
Dan Jones, head of the Sports Business Group at Deloitte, said Manchester clubs United and City alone were responsible for more than 50 percent of the increase.
"Manchester United's participation in the 2015-16 UEFA Champions League, coupled with continued strong commercial revenue growth, resulted in a 30 percent increase in revenue to 515m pounds. This saw them top the Deloitte Football Money League for the first time since 2003-04, as the world's highest revenue-generating club," Jones said.
"Increased distributions to clubs competing in Europe, under the new UEFA broadcast rights cycle – notably Manchester City, who reached the semi-finals of the UEFA Champions League – also contributed to Premier League clubs' revenue growth," he added.
Combined revenue for the previous season was 3.4 billion pounds, according to Deloitte's study.
Jones said the losses should be seen as a blip and the new television deals coming online should see a swift return to profitability.
"It is worth noting that this is due to a small number of one-off 'exceptional' costs, and we fully expect that the Premier League's new three-year broadcast rights deal will see a return to record levels of profitability in the 2016/17 season," the analyst said.
($1 = 0.7825 pounds)
(Reporting by Simon Evans, editing by Ed Osmond)
By Hayden Wright
Last month, Queen announced a deluxe box set celebrating the 40th anniversary of their 1977 album News of the World. In the press release, the band promised “Every lead vocal is different, as are most of the lead guitar parts and a great many other instrumental details.” Now Queen has revealed the reissue versions of “We Are the Champions” and “We Will Rock You,” two of the band's best-loved songs.
Related: Queen Detail ‘News of the World' Deluxe Box Set
Dubbed the “Raw Sessions Versions,” the tracks are prototypes for the songs we know: Freddie Mercury's vocals are a bit looser on “We Will Rock You,” which begins with a few warmup bars of singing. Brian May's guitar solo is quite different, too. You get the sense that Queen were feeling their way through the tracks as they recorded earlier versions. The piano arrangement on “We Are the Champions” is brighter and happier.
The News of the World box set debuts November 17. Listen to the never-before-heard raw sessions here:
OXON HILL, Md. (AP) — The Latest on the Scripps National Spelling Bee (all times local):
6:05 p.m.
Forty-one spellers have advanced to the finals of the Scripps National Spelling Bee out of a field of 516, by far the biggest in the 93-year history of the competition.
The finalists were announced Wednesday after two days of onstage spelling during which nearly 200 spellers were eliminated for getting words wrong. Scores on a written spelling and vocabulary test determined who advanced to the finals.
Advertisement
There were no perfect scores on the test. Bee executive director Paige Kimble says, "We thought it was an easy test. We were wrong."
The top scorers were Shruthika Padhy, Aisha Randhawa and Karthik Nemmani.
Shruthika already came into the bee as one of the favorites, having finished in seventh place last year.
The past 13 champions and 18 of the last 22 have been Indian-American.
5:19 p.m.
With the Scripps National Spelling Bee extended to three days this year, longtime pronouncer Jacques Bailly finally needed some help.
Bailly's understudy for the past 16 years, the Rev. Brian Sietsema, filled in for him during portions of Wednesday's competition.
Sietsema is a Greek Orthodox priest from Michigan, as well as a former linguistics professor and lexicographer.
Bailly is the longtime public face of the bee. He says it was hard to take his first-ever break, but he knew it was necessary.
This year's bee nearly doubled in size because Scripps started a wild-card program that allowed kids who didn't win their regional bees to get to nationals. More than 500 spellers competed over two days of preliminary rounds. No more than 50 finalists were to be announced later Wednesday.
Divide over listing location slows Aramco IPO - WSJ
June 14 Saudi Aramco's planned 2018 public share offering is being slowed down by a divide between Saudi Arabia's ruling family and executives of the kingdom's state oil company over where to list its shares, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday.
A three-day festival kicking off north of Auckland today will be dry after organisers failed to get a liquor licence.
Music and arts festival Shipwrecked started today in Te Arai with camping, multiple music zones, art installations and inter actives - but no alcohol.
Auckland Council's manager of liquor licensing Peter Knight said an application for a liquor licence for the event was withdrawn.
"This means there can be no alcohol at the event."
An event organiser, who did not want to be named, confirmed they were not selling alcohol at the event. He said they had a non-alcohol bar.
Advertisement
There was no mention of the event being alcohol free on the Shipwrecked website. However it does state a year-round liquor ban was in place in surrounding forest areas, at nearby Lake Tomarata and Te Arai beach.
The location of the festival. Photo/Google Maps
According to Fairfax a special licence application was made to Auckland Council in December however was opposed by locals for reasons including safety concerns.
A hearing with the Auckland District Licensing committee was subsequently set for February 2, according to Fairfax, however a 10-working-day appeal period meant organisers would not have been able to get a liquor license in time for the event.
A statement from police said they were aware that the festival did not have a liquor licence and that officers had been tasked to pay visits to the site.
Police Alcohol Harm Prevention Officers have also spoken to the occupier.
"Specialised advice has been supplied by the Police Alcohol Harm Reduction Officers in relation to liability should the occupiers sell or expose alcohol on the site or allow alcohol to be brought onto the site [BYO] under the Sale and Supply of Alcohol Act 2012," the statement said.
The event organisers could not be reached for comment.
Acts set to perform at Shipwrecked included house music artist Clive Henry from the UK, Norwegian DJ Djuma Soundsystem and a number of other musicians from countries including Australia, France and New Zealand.
'Wonderful initiative' sees prisoners build toilet blocks for iwi moving home
There's a movement in the far north for Maori to move back to their ancestral land, but those lands are sometimes without infrastructure.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Derby County beat 10-man Brentford 3-0 to keep their place in the Championship's automatic promotion zone.
Sergi Canos was shown a straight red card in the 21st minute of Saturday's encounter at Pride Park Stadium for a challenge on Marcus Olsson.
Tom Huddlestone and Cameron Jerome then both scored their first goals for the Rams, in quick succession, to put Gary Rowett's men firmly in charge.
Matej Vydra rounded things off with a late penalty as Derby extended their unbeaten league run to 11 games.
Aston Villa's 3-2 win over Burton Albion means that the Rams remain just one point clear of third place.
Rowett made three changes from the side that started the goalless draw at Millwall on Tuesday night.
There was a first Derby start for January signing Jerome, while Ikechi Anya and Olsson also got their chance.
Jerome replaced David Nugent up front, Olsson came in for Craig Forsyth at left-back, while Anya took the place of winger Andreas Weimann, whose wife gave birth in the early hours of Saturday morning.
It was Anya's first league start of the season, having come off the bench against Millwall and Olsson started for only the season time in the Championship since September.
(Image: Andy Clarke)
Deadline day signing Kasey Palmer was named on the bench.
Midfielder Bradley Johnson (back) and goalkeeper Jonathan Mitchell (finger) both missed out once again.
Brentford boss Dean Smith also made three changes following the 1-0 home defeat to Norwich City.
Henrik Dalsgaard, Romaine Sawyers and Canos came in for Nico Yennaris, Josh McEachran and Neal Maupay.
The Bees were without Lasse Vibe, who had scored seven in his past eight league games, with the Danish striker set for a move to China.
Chris Mepham's headed clearance fell to Vydra in the 12th minute and Derby's top scorer advanced into the area before seeing his shot deflected wide off visiting skipper Andreas Bjelland.
From the corner, taken by Tom Lawrence, Curtis Davies rose the highest but his header cleared the crossbar.
(Image: Andy Clarke)
At the other end, a couple of minutes later, the ball bounced awkwardly inside the Rams penalty area and Richard Keogh's header away was pounced on by Florian Jozefzoon - but he blazed over from eight yards out.
Ollie Watkins then dragged a shot wide of the far post following Jozefzoon's low centre from the right as Brentford began to warm to their task.
But Derby went close to opening the scoring in the 21st minute.
Vydra released Anya into the area, on the left, and his cross for Jerome was deflected goalwards off Mepham. The ball looked to be heading for the top corner before keeper Daniel Bentley acrobatically clawed it away.
Moments later, Canos went in on Olsson inside the centre circle and referee Peter Bankes did not hesitate in showing the Brentford forward a straight red card.
After lengthy treatment, Olsson was able to continue.
There was more drama in the 24th minute. Derby wanted a penalty after Vydra went down in the box under the challenge of Bjelland but their appeals were in vain.
The pressure was building on Brentford - and the Rams took the lead on the half-hour.
(Image: Andy Clarke)
Tom Lawrence's corner from the right was headed goalwards by Curtis Davies and Bentley could only parry the ball, allowing Huddlestone to stabbed home from close range.
The midfielder had finally broken his Derby duck, in his 125th appearance for the club (over two spells), having made his Rams debut back in 2003.
Four minutes later, the home side doubled their advantage.
Huddlestone lifted a pass into the box for Lawrence, whose effort was blocked by Bentley but Jerome was on hand to hook the ball into the net from six yards, evading the men on the line.
Just before the break, Derby were caught napping at a corner, taken short, but Romaine Sawyers fired over after combining with Watkins.
In added time at the end of the first half, Derby went close again as George Thorne whipped a shot narrowly wide of the post from 20 yards.
Half-time: Derby County 2-0 Brentford
The Rams probably should have had a third goal 10 minutes into the second half.
Jerome neatly picked out Vydra unmarked just outside the six-yard box but he sliced a shot over the bar with only the keeper to beat.
Scott Carson was called into his first serious action in the 68th minute, tipping Dalsgaard's deflected effort away at full stretch.
Seconds later, Carson was at it again, diving to his left to push away Mepham's goalbound glancing header.
Anya had a chance to cap his return to the starting line-up with a goal with 15 minutes to go but sliced his shot way over after being teed up by Keogh's nod-down.
Derby remained in control but were not having it all their own way - and Keogh needed to make a vital block to deny Dalsgaard from close range following a well-worked Brentford corner.
Lawrence and substitute Sam Winnall both forced Bentley into smart saves in the closing stages.
Palmer came on for the final few minutes in place of Anya, who received a standing ovation from the home fans as he left the field.
Derby sealed the win soon after that, after Winnall was brought down in the area by Bjelland.
Vydra made no mistake from the penalty spot, blasting past Bentley to claim his 17th goal of the season in all competitions.
DERBY COUNTY: Carson, Wisdom, Keogh, Davies, Olsson, Huddlestone, Thorne (Ledley, 79), Lawrence, Vydra, Anya (Palmer, 90), Jerome (Winnall, 63). Other subs: Roos (gk), Baird, Forsyth, Nugent.
BRENTFORD: Bentley, Dalsgaard, Mepham, Bjelland, Barbet, Woods (Yennaris, 62), Mokotjo (Judge, 75), Sawyers, Jozefzoon (Marcondes, 62), Watkins, Canos. Other subs: Daniels (gk), Egan, Maupay, McEachran.
REFEREE: P Bankes (Merseyside).
ATTENDANCE: 25,938 (826 away fans).
CANBERRA, Australia (AP) — An Australian official says China uses a different tone in private talks than it used in a recent public statement that demanded Australia take off its "tinted glasses" and take "concrete actions" to improve bilateral ties.
Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade Secretary Frances Adamson was being questioned by a Senate committee on Thursday on the vastly different accounts that the Australian and China foreign ministers gave of their bilateral meeting on the sidelines of a Group of 20 ministers conference in Argentina last week.
Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop described her meeting with her Chinese counterpart Wang Yi as "very warm and candid and constructive." Wang issued a statement in terse terms.
Australia has been talking down media reports of diplomatic disruptions over Chinese anger at Australian policies.
The global rise in demand for Internet of Things (IoT) has resulted into the development of smart appliances which are capable of storing essential data in cloud servers. However, the data needs to be stored securely for future access. Backup and disaster recovery appliances are used to store important data in case of disaster of hardware of software failure. These appliances are based upon network attached storage and works by replicating the files and the operating systems. The replicated data is then stored on dedicated appliances which are available instantly in case of a system failure. The market is expected to grow due to increasing demand for these appliances in small and medium businesses.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/backup-disaster-recovery-appliance-market.html
The global rise in cyber crime is one of the major factors leading to the growth of backup and disaster recovery appliances. In addition, failure of hardware devices cannot be predicted and hence is essential to take back of important documents on a real time basis. Furthermore, these appliances are either integrated with the system or operate with the help of a cloud based service to store and secure the data. Moreover, it is not feasible for all the organization to have their own backup and recovery facility and hence relies on of software or hardware backup solutions provided by third part vendors. In addition, ongoing technological innovation is leaded to the development of virtual reality devices. These devices primarily operated with the help of internet and store their data online. The rising demand of these devices is in return creating the need for backup and recovery services for these data. These factors are aiding to the growth of the backup and disaster recovery appliances market globally.
However, there are some factors hindering the growth of backup and disaster recovery appliances market. The appliances are designed to operate with the help of a specific software. Hence, if an organization plans to change their backup software, they have to change the appliances as well may not be affordable for all. Moreover, the operation of these appliances requires strong and stable internet connectivity which is not available in underdeveloped regions like Asia and Africa. These are some of the primary factors hindering the growth of the market.
The rising need for cloud based services and the falling price of cloud based storage is expected to surge the demand for backup and disaster recovery appliances in future. In addition, the expansion of organization in developing region is creating the need for cloud based services for proper coordination with the headquarters. This is another factor which is expected to drive the market in future.
The backup and disaster recovery appliances find their application in several areas such as retail, banking & financial services, construction, education, managed service providers and legal services among others. Furthermore, the market can also be segmented by regions into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific (APAC), Middle East and Africa and South America. North America and Europe are early adapters of new technologies and are expected to dominate the market during the forecast period. Furthermore, the most of the manufacturers of these appliances are headquartered in these regions. However, the countries like India and China are developing rapidly in the retail and construction sector. Hence the region is the expected to witness rapid growth during the forecast period.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=15029
The backup and disaster recovery appliances market is marked by some intense competition by the leading players operating in this sector. Frequent mergers and acquisition, joint ventures and partnerships are some of key strategies adopted by these leading players in the market. The key manufacturers in the back and disaster recovery appliances market are Oracle, Veritas, Hewlett Packard Enterprise, Unitrends, Pivot3 and Acronis among others.
The report offers a comprehensive evaluation of the market. It does so via in-depth qualitative insights, historical data, and verifiable projections about market size. The projections featured in the report have been derived using proven research methodologies and assumptions. By doing so, the research report serves as a repository of analysis and information for every facet of the market, including but not limited to: Regional markets, technology, types, and applications.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
PERTH (miningweekly.com) – Greenfield mineral explorers have been reminded that the federal government's Junior Mineral Exploration Incentive (JMEI) will open on June 1.
The JMEI was passed through the Australian Parliament in March this year, and will see the government provide more than A$100-million over the next four years, to allow greenfield exploration programmes to distribute tax losses as a credit to their Australian resident shareholders.
Advertisement
“The JMEI enables eligible companies to generate tax credits by giving up a portion of their tax losses from greenfield mineral exploration expenditure, which can then be distributed to shareholders,” Association of Mining and Exploration Companies (Amec) CEO Warren Pearce said on Thursday.
“Twenty-three applicants were successful in accessing A$8.4-million of exploration credits for the 2017/18 income year. The balance remaining from the initial A$15-million allocation for 2017/18 will be added to the A$25-million exploration credits available for the 2018/19 round, with applicants now able to access credits totalling in excess of A$31.5-million.”
Advertisement
Pearce noted that applicants were limited to 5% of the available credits on a first-come, first-serve basis, with applications closing at 11.59pm AEST on June 30.
“This is a great opportunity for eligible companies to raise new capital for greenfield mineral exploration, increase their chances of successful discovery and future mine development, and for their investors to be rewarded.
“The re-designed JMEI was the outcome of considerable input from Amec, and therefore we look forward to the first announcement of a successful discovery as a direct result of funding from the JMEI,” Pearce said.
As the first light of dawn trickles in through the hospital window, 19-year-old Mohammed Ali learns that his two-year-old cousin has died of hunger. But he has to remain strong for his little brother Mohannad, who could be next.
He holds his brother's hand as the five-year-old struggles to breathe, his skin stretched tight over tiny ribs. “I have already lost a cousin to malnutrition today, I can't lose my little brother,” he says.
They are among countless Yemenis who are struggling to feed themselves amid a grinding civil war that has pushed the Arab world's poorest nation to the brink of famine. The family lives in a mud hut in northern Yemen, territory controlled by Shiite Houthi rebels, who are at war with government forces and a Saudi-led and U.S.-backed coalition.
The coalition has been waging a fierce air campaign against the rebels since March 2015, trying unsuccessfully to dislodge them from the capital, Sanaa, and much of the country's north. A coalition blockade aimed at preventing the Houthis from re-arming has contributed to a 60-percent spike in food prices, according to an estimate used by international aid groups.
During the best of times, many Yemenis struggled to make ends meet. Now they can barely feed themselves.
Mohammed's father works seasonal farming jobs that pay only a few dollars a day. Mohammed dropped out of school after the war began and scrapes by on occasional construction and farming work. Before the war, they could afford to eat beef or chicken once a week, but now they are lucky to have some fish with lunch. Their diet mainly consists of bread, rice and tea.
Earlier this month, Mohammed and his brother made the hour-long journey, over a bumpy and unsafe road, to the nearest hospital, in the town of Abs. Mohannad's condition, which began with diarrhea, had been worsening for the past two years, but they couldn't afford treatment.
Some 2.2 million children suffer from malnutrition across Yemen, according to the U.N. children's agency, UNICEF. That includes 462,000 who, like Mohannad, are afflicted with Severe Acute Malnutrition (SAM), which makes them especially vulnerable to otherwise preventable illnesses like diarrhea and pneumonia.
UNICEF is supporting the treatment of 215,000 children suffering from SAM and has provided vitamin supplements to millions more, said Rajat Madhok, the agency's spokesman in Yemen. But “this lifesaving work remains hindered by the shortage of funding and limited access to areas caught in the fighting,” he said.
The war has taken a heavy toll on the country's health facilities. A number of hospitals and clinics have been bombed, while others have had to close their doors because of the fighting. Less than a third of Yemen's 24 million people have access to health facilities, according to UNICEF, which says at least 1,000 Yemeni children die every week from preventable diseases.
Mohammed hopes his brother won't be next.
“I can see that my brother's condition is worsening day after day,” he says. “There's nothing I can do.”
8 Memes You'll Know To Be True If There's Always Too Much Month At The End Of Your Money
We've been there. Oh who are we kidding, we're still there.
Ever avoided looking at your bank balance, cos what you don't now can't hurt you? Familiar with getting paid and having all your direct debits hit on the same day so you're equally broke? Yep, we know the feeling.
When there's always too much month at the end of your money, at least a laugh will make you feel better for 5mins, right? Right?!
Your card getting declined totally doesn't shock you any more:
"Your card has been declined"
College student: pic.twitter.com/iIHZRai30X — Catie Boulanger (@CatieBoulanger) September 22, 2017
When your weekend spending catches up on you...
#OhWord A post shared by Curing Stress With Laughter (@making_people_laugh_101) onAug 27, 2017 at 7:25pm PDT
And you're totally ignoring all your responsibilities:
"Calm down" Follow @who_sez_that #MakingPeopleLaugh A post shared by Curing Stress With Laughter (@making_people_laugh_101) onAug 11, 2017 at 5:00pm PDT
Budgeting is now second nature to you...
And that happens every month (@theonlywayisbanter ) A post shared by bsc in Banternomics (@barrysbanterbus) onOct 2, 2017 at 12:22pm PDT
But you just can't resist a night out anyway:
Miss me with that invite A post shared by Curing Stress With Laughter (@making_people_laugh_101) onJul 26, 2017 at 4:37pm PDT
You have to be good and resist buying ALL OF THE MAKEup
Rp from @born_starr Stop letting people drag you to the mall when you broke!!! Ain't gon be nothing but #808sandheartbreak #sephora #makeup #broke #days A post shared by KILL BEAUTY BLOG (@killlbeauty) onOct 5, 2017 at 7:43am PDT
Birthdays and Christmas are HARD.
A post shared by Memes.com (@memes) onOct 3, 2017 at 11:28am PDT
...and ou've seriously considered this:
Sorted (@making_people_laugh_101 ) A post shared by bsc in Banternomics (@barrysbanterbus) onOct 3, 2017 at 11:05pm PDT
Seriously though, don't do that.
Blog: IIoT expands the maintenance maturity model
Analytics, remote monitoring enabled by IIoT enable new, more effective maintenance strategies that move users from reactive or condition-based to predictive and prescriptive maintenance
With the emergence of Industrial IoT (IIoT), collecting data from equipment is moving from paper-based, manual inspections to automated systems. This improves both data quality and quantity. IIoT-enabled remote asset monitoring also dramatically expands the number and variety of parameters that can be monitored cost effectively. Combined with today's more advanced analytics, these data enable industrial organizations to implement new, more effective maintenance strategies to progress further along on the maturity continuum from reactive, to preventive, too condition-based to predictive, and – ultimately – to prescriptive maintenance. With higher maintenance maturity, comes broader business benefits that go beyond reducing…
Tens of thousands of dollars have now been raised for James Shaw Jr. after he saved the lives of Waffle House patrons and started his own crowdfunding effort
A fundraiser for James Shaw, Jr., the man who wrestled a gun away from a shooter at a Waffle House restaurant earlier this week, has already raised tens of thousands of dollars.
Yashar Ali, a journalist based out of New York, was inspired to start the fundraiser not only due to Shaw's heroism, but also because of his actions after the shooting. Shaw started his own GoFundMe page to help raise money for the families of the victims of the tragedy, amassing over $100,000 so far.
“Since that horrific shooting, he has raised tens of thousands of dollars for the victims and shown a level of humility that has inspired many of us,” Ali wrote on the crowdfunding page benefiting Shaw.
The proceeds of his fundraiser will go toward establishing a college fund for Shaw's 4-year-old daughter and perhaps “a nice vacation,” Ali adds.
Shared on social media, the goal of $100,000 was more than three-quarters of the way of being reached by Tuesday afternoon.
Notably, several celebrities have shared the link to raise money for Shaw as well, noting his heroics and generosity while doing so. John Cryer, Busy Philipps, Alyssa Milano, and even Hillary Clinton shared the link, encouraging their followers to give what they could to Shaw.
Modest as he is (in interviews he has denied being a “hero”), Shaw is deserving of the money being raised by Ali. He saved lives by taking an opportunity to disarm a mass killer on Sunday morning, taking a bullet himself while doing so. His actions since Sunday have proven beyond doubt that he's an amazing person with a generous spirit.
He may not believe himself to be a hero, but in many people's eyes, James Shaw Jr.'s heroism is evident, admirable, and inspirational.
Despite being two years removed from his last head coaching gig, Jeff Fisher has remained in the eye of the public thanks to his radio appearances. He's gone on several shows recently to discuss his interest in coaching, saying he won't get back into it as a coordinator or assistant.
Fisher went on SiriusXM NFL Radio on Tuesday to discuss that same topic, saying he remains interested in returning to the league as a head coach.
Former NFL HC, Jeff Fisher, tells Jim and Pat that he wants to get back on the sideline as a Head Coach in the NFL and why he wasn't "comfortable" taking a job in the media: **Audio** pic.twitter.com/4XJJgHSmKB — SiriusXM NFL Radio (@SiriusXMNFL) May 29, 2018
“I've had opportunities to stay in it, but I don't see myself coming back and coordinating,” Fisher said. “As you well know, success in the National Football League is built on a number of different things. You know, it starts with the quarterback, you gotta stay healthy and you know, you gotta hit things running and you gotta have a good staff. All those things.”
Fisher said he doesn't think being out of the NFL for two years should “eliminate somebody” from being a head coaching candidate. There have reportedly been teams interested in bringing Fisher in – though it's unclear how serious that interest was – so it's possible the former Rams coach does make his way back into the NFL.
If all else fails, Fisher admits he could get in the booth as a television analyst. He's had opportunities in that space, as well, though he didn't feel comfortable taking them so soon after leaving the NFL.
“Yes, I have [thought about commentating]. Let me give you an example. My first year off last year, could you imagine me sitting down in the production meetings on Friday in Seattle with Pete Carroll and then on Saturday with Bruce Arians,” Fisher said. “Probably not going to get a lot of information out of them. So I just wasn't comfortable with that. And you know, if the lord has that opportunity ahead of me, I'll do that when I've eliminated all possibilities to get back on the sideline.”
Fisher didn't have much success in his last run as a head coach, failing to lead the Rams to a winning record in five years. It doesn't help that Sean McVay came in and did so in his first season at the helm, doing so with a roster that Fisher claims he built.
ISTANBUL: Turkish police launched a massive manhunt Sunday for a gunman who killed 39 people, including several foreigners, in a rampage at an upmarket nightclub in Istanbul where revellers were celebrating New Year.
After the latest in a string of deadly attacks to hit the country, President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan said the carnage sought to sow chaos, but vowed Turkey would never bow to the threat.
The shooting spree at the waterside Reina nightclub erupted when 2017 in Turkey was just 75 minutes old, as people were seeing out a year of unprecedented bloodshed that saw hundreds die in strikes blamed on jihadists and Kurdish militants and a failed coup.
The assailant shot dead a policeman and a civilian at the club entrance and then turned his gun on partygoers inside where up to 700 people were ringing in the New Year.
NTV broadcaster said the gunman fired between 120 and 180 rounds in the seven-minute attack, during which many revellers threw themselves into the freezing waters of the Bosphorus to escape death.
‘Our heart is bleeding'
One witness spoke of the panic and carnage at the venue, considered one of Istanbul's swankiest.
“Just as we were settling down, by the door there was a lot of dust and smoke. Gunshots rang out,” professional footballer Sefa Boydas told AFP.
“People were walking on top of people.”
Italian tourist Maximilien said: “We came here to have a good time today but everything was suddenly transformed into chaos and a night of horror.”
Television pictures showed party-goers dressed to the nines — men in suits and women in cocktail dresses — emerging from the exclusive club in a state of shock.
Albert Farhat recounted to Lebanese TV station LBCI the moment the club came under attack.
“Around 1.15, we heard Kalashnikov fire. We thought it might be people who had drunk too much and were fighting but then people started throwing themselves to the ground,” said Farhat.
Candles and flowers piled up outside the club in tribute to the victims and its Facebook page has been changed to a black square of mourning.
“Our heart is bleeding,” wrote the club's owner Mehmet Kocarslan.
The attack evoked memories of the November 2015 carnage in Paris when Islamic State jihadists unleashed a gun and bombing rampage on nightspots in the French capital, killing 130 people including 90 at the Bataclan concert hall.
‘Details emerging'
Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said the gunman was still at large after slipping away unnoticed after the attack, denying earlier reports a Santa Claus costume had been used as a disguise.
The assailant “left the gun and went away from the scene of the incident,” he told reporters in Istanbul. “It was an armed terrorist.”
Interior Minister Suleyman Soylu said the gunman had arrived with a gun concealed underneath an overcoat but subsequently exited the venue wearing a different garment.
Police and intelligence services were beginning to piece together clues about the attack and the public would be informed soon, Yildirim said.
However, he did not pin the blame on any particular group and no-one has yet claimed responsibility for the bloodshed.
The Firat news agency, seen as close to the outlawed Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK), quoted PKK leader Murat Karayilan as saying no Kurdish force was involved in the attack.
Last year, multiple attacks were blamed on the PKK or claimed by the Kurdistan Freedom Falcons (TAK), a radical offshoot of the group proscribed by Turkey's Western allies.
According to Dogan news agency, 35 of the victims had been identified — 24 foreigners and 11 Turks.
Another 65 people were being treated in hospital.
One survivor, Francois al-Asmar, from Lebanon, told of his lucky escape.
“I was saved by my passport which I was carrying right near my heart,” he told Lebanese television.
‘Sneaky' attack
The Reina club is a magnet for wealthy foreigners and there were a number of Arabs among the dead and wounded, including Saudis, Jordanians, Iraqis and Tunisians.
France said a dual-national Tunisian-French woman had died along with her Tunisian husband, while India said it had lost two nationals.
A young Arab Israeli woman, 18-year-old Lian Nasser, was killed, according to Israel's foreign ministry.
Istanbul governor Vasip Sahin said the attacker “targeted innocent people who had only come here to celebrate the New Year and have fun”.
The attack crystallised fears New Year celebrations could present a tempting target for extremists.
From Sydney to Paris, Rio to London, security had been boosted over such fears and at least 17,000 police officers were deployed in Istanbul, some dressed themselves as Santa Claus as cover, according to television reports.
World leaders rushed to condemn the attacks, with Russian President Vladimir Putin saying it was “hard to imagine a crime more cynical than the killing of civilians during a New Year's celebration”.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel denounced “an inhumane, sneaky attack on people who wanted to celebrate” while Pope Francis condemned the shooting in his New Year message. AFP
AFP/CC
Prosecutors in Georgia took racist notes about jurors in a handful of 1970's trials. The legacy of these trials highlights the problem with the death penalty.
Motion: Prosecutors excluded black jurors in seven death-penalty cases https://t.co/6MUzbkDOl0 pic.twitter.com/lTpgno6KHK — AJC (@ajc) March 19, 2018
In the 1970's, seven Georgia death penalty trials were tainted by jury selections that were explicitly racist.
According the Atlanta-Journal-Constitution, Columbus prosecutors from that era took handwritten notes while interviewing prospective African-American jurors, describing them as "slow," "ignorant," "con artist," and "fat." Additionally, prosecutors marked either a "B" or "N" next to black people's names and often listed them as the least preferable jurors.
These documents from history came to light when a motion was filed on behalf of Johnny Lee Gates, a man who is serving life without parole for the 1976 rape and murder of Katrina Wright — a crime for which he maintains his innocence.
The court motion filed by Gates' legal team asserted that he deserves a new trial because the prosecutors' racist intentions undermined the jury selection, thus de-legitimizing the trial. In Gates' case, four black jurors were excluded, giving him an all-white jury.
The racist notes taken by the prosecutors are shocking and reflect the time in which they were taken. The notes also highlight the ethically-fraught nature of the death penalty: When a life is at stake, racism becomes even more heinous.
In the case of Gates, racism may have tainted more than just his jury selection. The Georgia Innocence Project, a nonprofit which works to exonerate wrongfully accused inmates, said that the police dealing with the case were racist and forced a confession.
"The police interrogated Johnny Lee first about the robbery, then the murder," their website said. "In the course of this interrogation, a detective threatened Johnny Lee, yelled racial slurs at him for hours and described in detail, again and again, what he believed Johnny Lee had done to the victim."
The Georgia Innocence Project said that this forceful interrogation technique coerced Gates into confessing to a crime that he didn't commit. In a short three-day trial, the all-white jury convicted Gates and sentenced him to the death penalty. In 2003, he was re-sentenced to life without parole.
Other black men convicted in Columbus during the 1970's were not so lucky. Jerome Bowden was executed in 1986, Joseph Mulligan in 1987, and William Henry Hance in 1994. The evidence of the prosecutors' racist jury notes alone doesn't prove these men's innocence; what is clear is that their trials were deeply unfair, and they should have been given the chance at a retrial before being put to death.
The revelations about these racially-biased trials underscore the very problem of capital punishment. The death penalty applies an ethic of retribution — a life for a life. But nothing about this simplistic view takes into account the complexity of our imperfect legal system. Because the death penalty is final, it robs wrongly-convicted people of the chance to be exonerated when new revelations come to light.
In Gates' case, the line of events that led to the death of Katrina Wright is circuitous. And now we know one more complicating factor: The jury that convicted Gates was chosen through racist means in an era in which racism was thriving in the South.
Our legal culture has improved over the years, which means that people convicted in previous eras were done so at a disadvantage. A just society would give them a chance to be tried again today, using a less biased court system.
Based on the information that is available to the public, it seems that Gates' guilt or innocence is still an open question. But at the very least, a man who was given a racially-biased trial deserves a chance to return to the courtroom.
Read More Juror's Racism Allows Man To Challenge Death Sentence
Banner/Thumbnail Photo Credit: Flickr, Patrick Feller
With rising usage of online banking and increasing concerns about critical data security, the demand for effective, reliable, and efficient data transfer will continue to gain traction. The global managed file transfer (MFT) software and service market registered the revenues worth 1.15 Bn in 2015, which may spike up to US$ 1.22 Bn by 2016 end.
With expansion of online banking, the threat of cyber-attacks, information and device theft, hacking, phishing, and other security-related issues will continue to emerge. The online banking realm is rapidly thriving in developed as well as developing economies, fuelling the market for managed file transfer. This is anticipated to remain a key factor pushing the market growth. Considered to be a faster, transparent, more reliable, and more secure alternative for intra as well as inter-organisational transfer of heavy confidential data, managed file transfer (MFT) software and services is being increasingly preferred since the recent past. This will remain a major driver to the MFT software and service market.
Request for Sample @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-2555
In addition, banking, financial institutions, and defence organisations wherein safety, security, and privacy of information are of paramount, are also expected to fuel the demand for effective MFT solution deployment. Moreover, appropriate MFT solutions further aid in avoidance of loss of data during transfer, fostering the adoption by financial, defence, manufacturing, telecom, entertainment, and other sectors. Technological advancements in MFT software are likely to continue applications in several business verticals, eventually pushing the market for managed file transfer on a global level. Growing popularity and procurement of cloud-based MFT solutions is a current market trend, predicted to generate strong growth opportunities in near future.
On the basis of software, system-centric file transfer software segment is anticipated to dominate other two segments, including people-centric and extreme file transfer segments. The system-centric MFT segment will possibly account for over 62% share of the entire market revenues in 2016, followed by people-centric MFT segment, expected to witness nearly 4.0% of Y-o-Y growth in 2017 over 2016.
By service, the global managed file transfer software and service market will witness continued dominance of maintenance segment.
Based on end-user vertical, the market is currently witnessing the highest growth in the banking, financial services, and insurance (BFSI) sector. The demand from BFSI vertical is predicted to remain the highest, generating the maximum revenues to the global market. This growth is primarily attributed to the dynamically evolving BFSI sector and an exploding need for maintaining safety, security, and privacy of confidential data.
Request for Table of Contents @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-2555
Geographically, the global market for MFT software and service is segmented into seven key regions. However, North America is foreseen to remain the dominant market owing to the maximum deployment of technically superior file transfer solutions in a large number of businesses. This region will contribute nearly 45% share to the market revenues in 2016, followed by Western Europe with over 26% share. APAC is expected to witness the fastest growth, followed by Latin America.
IBM Corporation, Oracle Corporation, Wipro Limited, Aspera (an IBM company), Accellion, TIBCO, The Axway Inc., Software AG, CA Technologies Inc., GlobalSCAPE Inc., Signiant Inc., Hightail, SWIFT, and Micro Focus (Attachmate) are some of the key players operating in the global MFT software and service marketplace. A few other notable companies in the competitive landscape include Data Expedition, Saison Information Systems, FileCatalyst, Attunity (RepliWeb), and Primeur.
Long-term Outlook: The global managed file transfer software and service market is anticipated to expand at a moderate CAGR of 6% during 2016-2025. By 2025 end, the market will attain a value of around US$ 2.07 Bn.
Report Overview @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/managed-file-transfer-software-and-service-market
British Prime Minister Theresa May called for an early election on June 8, saying she needed a fresh mandate to move ahead with Britain's planned break from the European Union.
The surprise announcement - made outside her office at 10 Downing Street - comes amid political strains over Brexit and moves by Scotland to possible carve its own independent path to remain in the European Union.
"I have concluded the only way to guarantee certainty and stability for the years ahead is to hold this election and seek your support for the decisions I have to make," she said.
Last month, Britain submitted its formal request to begin EU exit negotiations.
Theresa May became prime minister in July last year, shortly after the referendum that set in motion Britain's EU divorce and prompted the resignation of her predecessor, David Cameron.
May also is taking a political gambit.
If her Conservative party wins the snap elections, she will have the mandate to pursue her own agenda as she heads into negotiations as Britain exits the European Union - not the one set out by her predecessor Cameron.
But a loss would throw deep uncertainly into the complex talks ahead between Britain and the other 27 EU members, and reflect important shifts in the British sentiment since last year's referendum.
Polls show that the Conservative party has strong lead over the opposition Labour party of more than 20 points. But the announcement still caught some off guard because Downing Street as repeatedly denied that May would seek an early election. The next one was scheduled for 2020.
Continued below.
Related Content Your Views: Readers Letters Sideswipe: April 5: Inspirational Gareth Morgan Driver ordered to pay thousands for injuring TV journo and killing horse
The British prime minister used to be able to "call" an election when he or she wanted. But the 2011 Fixed-Term Parliaments Act changed that, setting the date of the election every five years, meaning the next election was scheduled for May 2020.
But the leader can still seek an early election if two thirds of the lawmakers in the House of Commons vote for it. Jeremy Corbyn, the leader of the opposition Labour, has previously said he would agree to an early election.
It is rare for leaders to make statement outside No. 10 Downing Street - it's usually reserved as the setting for major announcements.
"We need a general election, and we need one now," May said, "because we have at this moment a one-off chance to get this done while the European Union agrees its negotiating position and before the detailed talks begin."
Although Britain as a whole voted 52 to 48 percent in favor of leaving of the European Union, majorities in both Scotland and Northern Ireland favored staying in the EU.
Scottish leader Nicola Sturgeon has charged that Scottish voters are being taken out of the bloc against their will, and she said last week that she wants a referendum on independence - a rerun of a September 2014 vote, in which a majority of Scottish voters opted to stay in the United Kingdom - between the autumn of 2018 and the spring of 2019.
May has sharply criticized that call. She said over the weekend that "now is not the time" for a Scottish vote. But she has not threatened to veto another referendum.
British Prime Minister's statement
"I have just chaired a meeting of the Cabinet, where we agreed that the Government should call a general election, to be held on June 8.
"I want to explain the reasons for that decision, what will happen next and the choice facing the British people when you come to vote in this election.
"Last summer, after the country voted to leave the European Union, Britain needed certainty, stability and strong leadership, and since I became Prime Minister the Government has delivered precisely that.
"Despite predictions of immediate financial and economic danger, since the referendum we have seen consumer confidence remain high, record numbers of jobs, and economic growth that has exceeded all expectations.
"We have also delivered on the mandate that we were handed by the referendum result.
"Britain is leaving the European Union and there can be no turning back. And as we look to the future, the Government has the right plan for negotiating our new relationship with Europe.
"We want a deep and special partnership between a strong and successful European Union and a United Kingdom that is free to chart its own way in the world.
"That means we will regain control of our own money, our own laws and our own borders and we will be free to strike trade deals with old friends and new partners all around the world.
"This is the right approach, and it is in the national interest. But the other political parties oppose it.
"At this moment of enormous national significance there should be unity here in Westminster, but instead there is division.
"The country is coming together, but Westminster is not.
"In recent weeks Labour has threatened to vote against the deal we reach with the European Union.
"The Liberal Democrats have said they want to grind the business of government to a standsill.
"The Scottish National Party say they will vote against the legislation that formally repeals Britain's membership of the European Union.
"And unelected members of the House of Lords have vowed to fight us every step of the way.
"Our opponents believe that because the Government's majority is so small, our resolve will weaken and that they can force us to change course.
"They are wrong.
"They under-estimate our determination to get the job done and I am not prepared to let them endanger the security of millions of working people across the country."
- Washington Post
ABC News — Comedian Ralphie May has died at the age of 45, ABC News has confirmed.
The comedian's body was discovered at a private residence in Las Vegas. May had been battling pneumonia recently and had canceled several dates so he could recover. The cause of death was cardiac arrest.
Just two days ago, May had been named Casino Comedian of the Year at the Global Gaming Expo. He had performances scheduled through the end of 2017 as part of his residency at Harrah's Las Vegas.
May, born in Chattanooga, Tennessee, won a contest to open for his idol Sam Kinison when he was 17. Kinison advised May to move to Houston, Texas, where he graduated from the High School for the Performing and Visual Arts. He subsequently moved to Los Angeles, and in 2003, he competed in the first season of "Last Comic Standing," coming in second.
May released his first album, "Just Correct," in 2005. He's starred in four Comedy Central specials, including 2012's "Too Big to Ignore," and two Netflix specials, including 2015's "Imperfectly Yours."
May is survived by his wife, Lahna Turner, and his children, April June May and August James May.
BUENOS AIRES, Argentina (AP) — Finance ministers and central bankers of G-20 countries are meeting in Argentina at a summit that has been eclipsed by growing concerns over U.S. President Donald Trump's import tariffs on steel and aluminum and the potential of a trade war.
Officials are also discussing issues including infrastructure development and the technology behind cryptocurrencies during the two-day meeting that began Monday in the Argentine capital.
U.S. Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin, European Central Bank President Mario Draghi and International Monetary Fund head Christine Lagarde are among those attending the summit in Buenos Aires.
It is the first of five meetings by finance ministers and central bankers scheduled in advance of a main G-20 meeting in Argentina that will be held Nov. 30-Dec 1.
A man accused of kidnapping and indecently assaulting a woman in central Auckland has appeared in court this afternoon.
The 30-year-old, who was arrested last night in the suburb of Mt Albert, was granted interim name suppression during his appearance in the Auckland District Court today.
It's alleged he had grabbed the woman in Eden Terrace on Monday and forced her into his car, but that following a struggle she was able to escape from the moving vehicle.
He faces charges of indecent assault, abduction for the purposes of unlawful sexual connection, rendering someone incapable of resistance with intent to sexually violate them, and burglary.
He was remanded in custody without plea and will reappear on March 9.
A state legislator has proposed a law that would require the public universities to cover abortion pills under student health insurance policy and offer them at student healthcare centers. The State Senator introduced the Bill 320 on 13th February.
Contact
OnlineAbortionPillRx
8003092462
support@onlineabortionpillrx.com OnlineAbortionPillRx8003092462
End
-- A state legislator has proposed a law that would require the public universities to coverunder student health insurance policy and offer them at student healthcare centers. The State Senator introduced the Bill 320 on 13February.This bill would also make government financial backing for UC [University of California] student healthcare insurance plans and health centers for students, conditional on offering the medicines on campus. In medical pregnancy terminations, healthcare professionals can induce early abortions prior to the 10weeks of pregnancy through two oral medicines regulated by the FDA [Food and Drug Administration]. According to a research, the abortion pill procedure has 95% success rate.Abortion pills are different from EC [emergency contraception]- such as the day after pill – like the Plan B, which works before the pregnancy even starts.The state senator commented that the SB-320 will help improve the educational success of the students and if a pregnant student decides that she was to terminate pregnancy, she can make use of this healthcare service with limited logistical and financial hurdles.She also stated that she hopes that the bill will help college students to seek early term pregnancy cancellations so they do not have travel miles away from school or world to receive the needed healthcare.University of California spokesperson also stated in an email that the University is still in the process of evaluating the SB-320 bill.The spokesperson also opined that the UC student health care insurance plan presently covers dermal, oral, implantable, injectable and emergency birth control. It also covers both- the surgical and medical [abortion services.Meanwhile UCLA spokesperson Rebecca Kendall said in an email that the campus health and wellness center has always given students with contraception advice, counseling, pregnancy testing and birth controls.She added that the center also provides emergency contraception – such as the day after pill but it does not proffer medical abortion.The state senator put an emphasis on the low risk of medical pregnancy cancellations. Serious complications occur for about 0.55 of the time as per a reputed healthcare research institute.On the other hand, some university students stated that they support the bill because they think it could aid them in providing the reproductive care that is easier to access.A student at the UC said that the bill could especially be helpful for students who are shy about going to hospitals and private clinics.Another student also state how she thinks that people have the right to pregnancy cancellation covered by insurance.College students are particularly at higher risk getting pregnant and not being at the stage where they were want to be taking care of a baby. Therefore, with this implementation, a number of women could focus on continuing their education and career.
Future Market Insights has rolled out a new market research report titled “Industrial Hose Assemblies Market: Global Industry Analysis 2013-2017 and Opportunity Assessment 2018-2028” examining the Industrial Hose Assemblies market and offers critical insights for the next 10 years. Based on the findings specified in the report, the market is expected to witness increasing demand on the backdrop of growing hose requirement in several end use industries involving fluid transferring and handling systems. The estimated value of the global Industrial Hose Assemblies market in 2018 is US$ 19,973.7 Mn and is expected to expand at a CAGR of 6.5% to reach US$ 37,556.7 Mn by the end of 2028.
Global Industrial Hose Assemblies Market: Dynamics
Global Industrial Hose Assemblies market is driven by increasing construction, mining, agricultural and several other industrial activities that have led to improved demand for fluid transfer and handling equipment. One of the highlights of using Industrial Hose Assemblies in such applications is their capability to deliver or transfer the material with higher efficiency indirectly providing cost-effective solutions. This makes it the ideal transmission system for industrial equipment, automotive and off road vehicles including construction vehicles, mining equipment and material handling equipment. Additionally, Industrial Hose Assemblies are more versatile than simple tubes and piping mechanisms as they provide better results in extreme environmental conditions. Industrial Hose Assemblies are also preferred by various end users owing to several advantages such as higher resistance towards temperature, pressure and chemical reaction among others further benefitting the growth of the market in the coming years.
However, there are some disadvantages associated with using Industrial Hose Assemblies that can hinder the growth of the market in the near future. Some of the factors include high dependency on various industrial activities, intense competition and distributed customer presence in various countries.
Global Industrial Hose Assemblies Market: Forecast
By material, the rubber segment is expected to hold the largest market share owing to higher end use applications and higher efficiency for transferring fluid in medium pressure and high pressure applications. The rubber segment is expected to dominate the global market capturing a market share of 60.9% by 2018 end. Additionally, the segment is expected to grow with a higher CAGR and is forecasted to hold a market share of about 63.8% by 2028 end.
On the basis of product type, the medium pressure segment holds a dominating position in the global industrial hose assemblies market owing to wide range of applications of medium range pressure hoses in several industries. In terms of value, the market size for the medium pressure segment is estimated to be pegged at US$ 10,424.9 Mn by end of 2018. Growing with a healthy CAGR of 7.0%, the market for the medium pressure segment is estimated to reach US$ 20,528.7 Mn by the end of the forecast period.
A sample of this report is available upon request @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-3751
On the basis of end user, the food and beverage segment is expected to dominate the market with a market share of 18.5% by the end of 2018 and is projected to hold the same throughout the forecast period owing to improved demand from food and beverage industries and increasing automation requirements. However, it is the general manufacturing segment that is expected to grow with a higher CAGR than the other segments owing to higher demand for material handling and transferring equipment.
From a regional perspective, North America is expected to lead with a market value share of 23.5% by 2018 end; however, China is expected to surpass North America and dominate the market by the end of the forecast period. However, other regional markets are coming up to gain market share similar to North America including Western Europe and South East Asia and Pacific owing to higher growth witnessed in the demand and manufacture of various end use equipment such as agricultural, mining and construction equipment. If we look at the North American market, both U.S. and Canada are expected to play an important role in the growth of the overall market due to their positioning as renowned off road vehicle manufacturer regions. The markets in Latin America, Middle East & Africa and Eastern Europe hold similar but considerably smaller market share in value terms due to the fact that production of end use equipment is quite limited in these regions; however, the market share in Eastern Europe may expect to improve owing to improving agricultural equipment manufacturing in Russia.
Global Industrial Hose Assemblies Market: Competitive Landscape
Some of the key players involved in the manufacture of Industrial Hose Assemblies that have been included in the study are Eaton Corp. PLC, Parker Hannifin Corp., Gates Corporation, Continental AG, Trelleborg AB, Semperit AG Holding, Polyhose India Pvt. Ltd., Campbell Fittings, Inc. etc. Key market players are focussing on product innovation and differentiation with unique capabilities to strengthen their market positioning across the globe.
To view TOC of this report is available upon request @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/askus/rep-gb-3751
BRIEF-SSH Communications Security offers up to 3.4 mln new shares in accelerated book-built offering
* SSH COMMUNICATIONS SECURITY OFFERS UP TO 3,400,000 NEW SHARES TO INSTITUTIONAL AND OTHER SELECTED INVESTORS IN AN ACCELERATED BOOK-BUILT OFFERING
Philippine Charity Sweepstakes Office (PCSO) General Manager Alexander Balutan said the agency is transparent in all its sales and accomplishments to gain people's trust and end corruption.
“Gusto kong malaman ninyo kung magkano ang kinikita ng PCSO, kung saan niya ginagastos, anong proyekto, ilan ang beneficiaries na natulungan niya, at ‘yung mga ambulansya na nai-distribute. Sabi ko nga, kung ganito lahat ng ahensya, mababawasan ang corruption dito sa Pilipinas?” (I want you to know how much the agency earned, where the money is spent, what projects are being implemented and who are the beneficiaries. If such transparency is implemented in all agencies, corruption will end), Balutan said during the program orientation and coordination conference for PCSO's I-Hope Program in Sultan Kudarat.
The I-Hope (Integrate Health for Overall Productivity and Empowerment) program was conceived to implement responsible and efficient fund provision for health and charitable programs of the government and to provide access to charity services identified by the National Anti-Poverty Commission (NAPC).
Last year, Maguindanao, Sulu, Lanao del Sur, and Sarangani provinces were the beneficiaries of this program.
This year, Sultan Kudarat, Biliran, Basilan, and Tawi-tawi will each receive P50 million for equipment upgrade.
Before Balutan assumed his post as general manager in 2016, there were only 50 PCSO branches and 18 Small Town Lottery (STL) players nationwide.
At present, there are 63 PCSO branches, 87 partner-hospitals through the At-Source-Ang-Processing (ASAP) desks, and 84 STL players.
“I see to it that every quarter, I report to the Filipino people kung ano ‘yung kinikita ng PCSO. So that our gaming public, especially ‘yung sineserbisyuhan natin magkaroon ng tiwala, ng confidence sa ating gobyerno, kasi ngayon, walang ng dilawan, wala ng kulay. Mapa-puti, mapa-itim ka diyan, blue, ano mang kulay diyan, seserbisyuhan natin,” Balutan said.
He said he signs checks for around P22 million every day for poor patients seeking medical support.
Balutan said patients can go directly to PCSO desks located in partner-hospitals nationwide.
“'Yung mga branches natin sa PCSO, may mga pondo ‘yan. General Santos City, for example, has P350,000 per day, P50,000 of that is for Sultan Kudarat. Inuubos ‘yan araw-araw,” the PCSO official said.
Balutan said Davao del Sur, Pampanga, and Nueva Ecija have a budget of P800,000 a day.
“In PCSO, we generate our own funds and not appropriated by Congress. All our generated funds come from the gaming public,” Balutan said.
He called on local government units to support PCSO products, especially STL, in line with the directive of President Rodrigo Duterte to curb illegal gambling nationwide.
The Cabinet will consider a Bill to implement the decision of the people on the Eighth Amendment on July 10th.
Minister for Health Simon Harris has briefed Opposition health spokespeople about the timeline for legislation to regulate the termination of pregnancy.
Mr Harris is understood to have said the Bill will be brought to Cabinet on July 10th and considered by the Dáil on July 11th and 12th.
If necessary, the House will sit another week before sending the Bill to the Oireachtas committee on health.
Meanwhile, Taoiseach Leo Varadkar has told the Fine Gael parliamentary party there is a free vote for members on the upcoming legislation and any proposed amendments.
He said it was up to party colleagues to decide how they wanted to approach it. The meeting heard there was a huge demand to have the legislation passed as soon as possible but it should not be done in a rushed manner.
It is understood there was significant praise for Mr Harris at the meeting.
Minister of State Sean Kyne said he was Fine Gael's most effective communicator, while Louth TD Fergus O'Dowd said he was the “face of the new Ireland”.
At the cross-party meeting earlier, Mr Harris said the Dáil would consider report stage of the Bill on its return from the summer recess and it would then be sent to the Seanad for consideration.
It is still the Government's intention to have it passed in the early autumn, the Minister told members of the Opposition.
Fianna Fáil TD Stephen Donnelly told the meeting he wanted to see urgent progress on the matters of decriminalisation. Currently a woman can face 14 years in prison if found to have procured an abortion in this country. Doctors who assist face the same penalty.
Mr Donnelly also called for the Information Act to be lifted to allow for doctors in Ireland to refer women to abortion clinics abroad and to consult with doctors in other jurisdictions about their medical status.
There were also calls for the State to cover the costs of parents who receive a diagnosis of a fatal foetal abnormality if they choose to travel to the United Kingdom.
The country voted overwhelmingly in favour of repealing the Eighth Amendment in Friday's referendum.
The focus has now shifted to ensuring the legislation is progressed as soon as possible. Abortions services are likely to be available in Ireland in 2019.
Uber's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc, the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
TABLE-Mexico sets July Maya price for international buyers
MEXICO CITY, June 14 Mexican state-owned oil company Pemex revised its July term pricing formulas for crude oil shipped to customers in the Americas, Europe and the Far East, the company said on Wednesday. The following table lists the adjustments to price constants for international buyers: DESTINATION JUNE CONSTANT JULY CONSTANT ---------------- ---------------- --------------- AMERICAS Maya crude
May 4 National Australia Bank Ltd
* HY cash earnings of $3.29 billion, up 2.3%
* HY total charge for bad and doubtful debts (b&dds) was $394 million, up $19 million or 5.1%
* HY on a statutory basis, net profit attributable was $2.55 billion compared to a loss of $1.74 billion for March 2016 half year
* Interim dividend unchanged at 99 cents per share fully franked
* "Group's CET1 target ratio remains between 8.75% - 9.25%"
* On a cash earnings basis HY revenue increased 1.8 percent
* CET1 ratio was 10.1 percent as at 31 March 2017
* "Operating environment for banks remains challenging" Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The JAS Finlay Sunflower Trophy meeting was launched on Friday as the event prepares to mark two special milestones at Bishopscourt in a fortnight's time.
This year marks the 70th anniversary of the organising Hillsborough Club, while Sunflower sponsor Jim Finlay is entering his 40th year as the title sponsor of Ireland's premier short circuit meeting.
British Superbike star Glenn Irwin will return to the Co. Down venue on the PBM Be Wiser Ducati to defend the crown he won for the first time in 2016, with fellow Carrick man Alastair Seeley amongst the opposition on the IFS Yamaha R1.
Seeley competed in the last two rounds of the Masters Superbike Series on the machine and chalked up a hatful of wins – including a treble at the final round last weekend.
The 38-year-old has used the outings to get to grips with the ex-Robert English Yamaha before the Sunflower showpiece from October 20-21, which brings the curtain down on the 2017 Irish short circuit season.
A number of names are yet to be officially confirmed for the event, including Stockport's Christian Iddon and Danny Buchan, who filled the rostrum places behind Irwin last year.
Iddon has signed a new deal for 2018 with the Tyco BMW team and is expected to take his place on the grid, while Essex rider Buchan has been a regular since his debut in 2014, winning the trophy twice in successive years only to be denied a treble by Irwin 12 months ago.
To mark the Hillsborough Club's anniversary, a parade of past winners will take place, with Scotsman Brian Morrison set to make the trip over. Morrison became the first rider to win the Sunflower feature race three times in a row and remains a firm favourite with the fans here.
Glenn Irwin's father Alan, who won the trophy in 1982 and 1986, will also participate, while Noel Hudson joins the line-up along with Matt Llewellyn. The parade riders will have the chance to ride some very exotic machinery thanks to the support of Classic racing aficionados John Chapman and Dean Simkins, who will provide bikes including a 500 MV Agusta and 350cc Benelli, plus an ex-GP 500 Cagiva.
The famous race, first held at Aghadowey near Coleraine in 1977 when Joey Dunlop was the inaugural winner, is synonymous with ‘Mr Sunflower' Jim Finlay.
Some of the biggest names in motorcycling have competed at the event, including Ron Haslam on the Pepsi Suzuki GP bike, World Superbike legend Carl Fogarty; Jamie Witham, Rob McElnea, Jeremy McWilliams, Eddie Laycock, Jurgen and Patrick van der Goorbergh; triple World Superbike champion Jonathan Rea, John Reynolds, Chris Walker and Michael Laverty to name a few.
Finlay, who previously sponsored legendary riders including Tom Herron and Jackie Hughes, is not a man who seeks the limelight, but his contribution to the Sunflower Trophy races over the past four decades has been immeasurable.
The Hillsborough Club and Irish motorcycling owes him a huge debt of gratitude.
* Opposition comes despite previous approval, job guarantees
* Works council says merger would mean big job cuts in EU
* Urges employee representatives on board to vote against it
By Georgina Prodhan and Jens Hack
FRANKFURT/MUNICH, March 30 Linde labour representatives threatened on Thursday to scupper the German industrial gases group's planned $65 billion merger with U.S. rival Praxair, urging their board members to vote against the deal and enlisting Berlin's support.
The move contradicts Linde's characterisation of talks with workers as constructive, and is a reversal of previous approval from employee representatives for the framework all-share merger-of-equals deal in return for job guarantees.
The merger would entail significant job losses in European Union countries outside Germany to achieve the promised $1 billion of synergies and would destroy the essence of Linde's brand, Linde's European works council wrote in a letter to Linde staff seen by Reuters.
"The European Works Council members and the workforce will therefore vigorously oppose the planned merger with Praxair," it said. "We call upon the employee representatives in the supervisory board to stand up for Linde's independence and to vote against the merger with Praxair."
Matthias Machnig, state secretary in the German economy ministry, said in a statement: "Such a planned merger needs the acceptance of the labour side. This clearly does not currently exist. The economic rationale of such a project has also not been convincingly put forward, in my opinion."
The merger is designed to create an industry leader with a combined market value of $65 billion and revenue of $29 billion that would overtake France's Air Liquide and reunite a global Linde group split by the First World War a century ago.
It is the second attempt by the two companies to agree a deal. Previous talks ran aground last September over where to locate key activities and who would run the business, resulting in the departure of Linde's two top executives.
Linde's supervisory board, half of which is made up of labour representatives, voted unanimously in favour of the intention to merge in December, in exchange for job guarantees through 2021 for Linde's 8,000 German workers.
The company employs several thousand more people elsewhere in Europe.
But on Thursday, labour representatives said they had only agreed to an "examination with an open outcome".
"We are against it," said trade union IG Metall. "We think nothing of the merger."
TALKS 'PROCEEDING AS PLANNED'
Linde and Praxair are racing to finalise an agreement by Linde's annual shareholder meeting on May 10, after agreeing the non-binding term sheet in December. It would then have to be approved by the boards of both companies.
"The probability that the deal will still go through is still greater than 50 percent in our view, but has clearly decreased," wrote Equinet analyst Knud Hinkel, who has an "accumulate" recommendation on Linde stock.
"If the deal actually collapsed, the share would suffer in the short term. In the long term, Linde could be better off without the merger."
Linde shares were up 0.4 percent at 1107 GMT, broadly in line with the German blue-chip DAX.
The merger plan envisions a combined holding company being headquartered in Europe, but not Germany - probably Ireland, the Netherlands or Britain. These countries do not offer workers the same rights over strategy that Germany does.
"The negotiations with Praxair are proceeding as planned," a Linde spokesman said on Thursday. He declined to comment on labour relations.
Linde Chief Executive Aldo Belloni said earlier this month he would not push through a deal against the will of workers, but was confident of winning them over.
Linde's supervisory board will meet next Thursday, but will not yet vote on the matter.
If the eventual vote is tied, Chairman Wolfgang Reitzle, the driving force behind the merger, will have a casting vote.
"The works council feels it is being pushed into something," said an adviser to the labour side, who asked not to be named because his advice is confidential. "If the capital side wants it, then Reitzle will have to use his casting vote, if they're so convinced."
($1 = 0.9311 euros)
(Additional reporting by Gernot Heller in Berlin and Arno Schuetze and Alexander Huebner in Frankfurt; Editing by Mark Potter)
FILE PHOTO: A Saudi Aramco employee sits in the area of its stand at the Middle East Petrotech 2016, an exhibition and conference for the refining and petrochemical industries, in Manama, Bahrain, September 27, 2016. REUTERS/Hamad I Mohammed
HONG KONG (Reuters Breakingviews) - China has upped the ante in the race for influence over Saudi Aramco's flotation. It has assembled a state consortium to act as cornerstone investors as it pushes for a Hong Kong listing. Rival exchanges in Tokyo and Singapore will need to step up to stay in the game.
According to a source-based Reuters report on Wednesday, China Investment Corporation (CIC), the $800 billion sovereign wealth fund, oil majors including Sinopec and PetroChina,, and state banks would join the group. The move, which would mean committing ahead of time to buying a large, fixed amount of stock during the listing, is meant in part to sway Aramco towards a Hong Kong listing.
Graphic: Bigger market: reut.rs/2otYiqU
The initial public offering, forecast to break world records at $100 billion, is certain to attract some Chinese sovereign funds whether Aramco lists in Hong Kong or on Mars. But launching at least part of the float in the special administrative region, which has struggled to find successful IPOs of late, would please Beijing. The mainland team will be more interested in the prestige gained from playing a role in the world's biggest listing than its price tag.
Riyadh is sensibly engaging with everyone. King Salman visited both China and Japan in March to talk up Aramco. Japan is still a contender; a Breakingviews analysis of market characteristics puts Tokyo in second place behind New York as a foreign venue for the oil giant. Japan also imported more Saudi crude than China last year.
Even so, the Middle Kingdom has extra strategic attractions. For one thing, China's total crude imports are far larger than Japan's, and demand is growing far more rapidly. There are also benefits in partnering with a rising naval power with major strategic interests in the Middle East.
Finally, letting China win doesn't cost much. Beijing hopes a big stake in Aramco will increase China's access to Saudi supply, but the total stake being floated is around 5 percent. Foreign leverage over Aramco will be kept minimal by design. The desert kingdom has a history of manipulating more powerful partners to serve its own interests; China will be no exception.
Ostomy Care Accessories Market report provides the latest market data along with industry future trends, which keeps tracking of users driving revenue growth rate of Ostomy Care Accessories Market by products (bags and accessories), by end user (ambulatory surgical centers, homecare settings, hospitals and some others), region (North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Rest of the World) market status and outlook of global and major regions, from manufacturers, and end industries. As this report is expected to help key players among the Ostomy Care Accessories Market it includes the five years Industry analysis and the 6 years annual forecast from 2017 to 2023. Some of the prominent participants in the Global Ostomy Care Accessories Market are B. Braun Melsungen AG, Coloplast Corp, Convatec, Smith & Nephew, Hollister, Marlen Manufacturing, 3M, Nu-Hope Laboratories, and Other Companies. The global ostomy care market sized over USD 2.20 billion in 2016. The global ostomy care market is projected to reach USD X.xx billion by 2023, growing with a CAGR of 4.3% from 2017 to 2023.
Get free Sample Pages of this Premium Report: – https://www.infiniumglobalresearch.com/reports/sample_request/325
An ostomy surgery is also referred to as bowel diversion surgery. Colostomy, ileostomy, and urostomy are the three types of ostomy surgeries. An ostomy is a surgically created artificial opening on the wall of abdomen to discharge the wastes from either the bowel or the urinary tract in the body. Colonal cancer, Crohn's disease, diverticulosis, rectum cancer, trauma, malformations by birth, injury to small and large intestines, and other complicated medical conditions lead to need for ostomy for medical treatment and further recovery. For many of these conditions, the ostomy surgery is a permanent solution and it depends on the causes for surgery, while it is a temporary solution for other medical conditions. Ostomy is useful in even ulcerative colitis condition to remove liquid stool from the small intestine by attaching a rectal pouch. Adhesives, belts, cleanser, convex insert, cream, colostomy bags, deodorant, disposable bags, ileostomy bags, irrigation sets, one-piece bags, paste, powder, skin protection, skin barriers , two piece bags and urostomy bags are the major ostomy care accessories. Cleaning, drainage, lubrication, prevent odour, and sealing are some of the applications of the ostomy care accessories. To safely attach the ostomy pouch as well as wafer to the body with the enhancement of adhesion of pouching system, ostomy accessories such as adhesives, belts, and tapes are useful. Skin protection as well as skin barrier accessories are utilized for sticking wafer to the body properly and protect the areas around stoma sites underneath the wafer.
The Global Ostomy Care Market Sized Over USD 2.20 Billion in 2016
The global ostomy care market is projected to reach USD X.xx billion by 2023, growing with a CAGR of 4.3% from 2017 to 2023. The steady increase in ostomy surgeries among the older population is expected to drive the ostomy care accessories market. Occurrences of more gastrointestinal diseases globally are increasing the demand for better post-surgery healthcare facilities and it is expected to boost the growth of the global ostomy care accessories market. Owing to the increasing occurrence of bladder cancer, bowel cancer, as well as Chrohn's disease among people, the instances of ostomy surgeries increased significantly and it is driving the ostomy care accessories market. Improving awareness among public about technological advancements and ostomy care accessories is expected to enhance the potential of the ostomy care accessories market during the forecast period.
Paste and Powder Type of Accessories are expected to Attain The Highest Growth in the Global Ostomy Care Accessories Market
Skin protection and skin barriers accessories are expected to gain more volume share during the forecast period. Among ostomy care bags, colostomy bags are expected to achieve the largest share in terms of volume due to the increase in colon cancer patients and presence of larger aged population. The reusable and drainable type of ostomy bags are expected to achieve higher demand due to the availability of significant cost benefits. Due to the greater flexibility for use, the two-piece bags are expected to achieve more demand. Homecare settings segment are expected drive the growth of ostomy care accessories market, by garnering more value, due to the booming online sales of accessories, with free or low cost delivery services during the forecast period. The unreliable medical reimbursement system and the high costs of products are expected to pose restraints for the global ostomy care accessories market during the forecast period.
Segments Covered:
The report segments the global ostomy care market by product, procedure, end user, and region. On the basis of product, the market is segmented as bags and accessories. On the basis of procedure the global ostomy care market is segmented as colostomy, Ileostomy, and urostomy. Furthermore, based on end user, the market is segmented as ambulatory surgical centres, homecare settings, hospitals and some others.
The increase in per capita income allows more people to afford ostomy care accessories in the North American region
The report provides regional analysis covering geographies such as North America, EMEA, Asia-Pacific, and Latin America. EMEA is the largest ostomy care accessories market. The increase in ailments such as bladder cancer, colorectal cancer, and inflammatory bladder disease along with the well-established system for medical reimbursements drive the growth of the EMEA an ostomy care accessories market. Moreover, the presence of huge aging population drives the demand for ostomy care accessories. The increase in per capita income allows more people to afford ostomy care accessories in the North American region. Moreover, the aging population in the region require ostomy care accessories for safe bowel movements due to various health conditions. Asia-Pacific region is the fastest growing market, as there is increase in demand for access to better ostomy healthcare facilities in South Asian and East Asian countries. There are opportunities for major market players to expand in the developing countries, as the awareness levels about ostomy care accessories are comparatively low and hence there are prospects for establishing new markets with proper awareness campaigns like in the established markets.
Major Key Players Mentioned in this market
The companies covered in the report include Alcare, B. Braun Melsungen AG, Coloplast Corp, Convatec, Smith & Nephew, Hollister, Marlen Manufacturing, 3M, Nu-Hope Laboratories, and Other Companies.
Table of Contents:-
1. Preface
1.1 Report Description
1.2 Research Methods
1.3 Research Approaches
2. Executive Summary
3. Global Ostomy Care Market Overview
3.1 Introduction
3.2 Market Dynamics
3.2.1 Drivers
3.2.2 Restraints
3.2.3 Opportunities
3.3 Porter's Five Forces Analysis
3.4 IGR – Growth Matrix Analysis
3.5 Competitive Landscape in the Ostomy Care Accessories Market
4. Global Ostomy Care Market Analysis, by Product (USD million) 2017 – 2023
4.1 Ostomy Care Bags
4.1.1 One-Piece Ostomy Bag
4.1.1.1 One-Piece Flat Bags
4.1.1.1.1 One-Piece Flat Closed Bags
4.1.1.1.2 One -Piece Flat Drainable Bags
4.1.1.1.3 One -Piece Flat Urostomy Bags
4.1.1.2 One -Piece Convex Bag
4.1.1.2.1 One -Piece Convex Drainable Bags
4.1.1.2.2 One -Piece Convex Urostomy Bags
4.1.2 Two-Piece Ostomy Bag
4.1.2.1 Two-Piece Flat Barriers
4.1.2.2 Two-Piece Convex Barriers
4.1.2.3 Two-Piece Pouches
4.1.2.3.1 Two-Piece Closed Pouches
4.1.2.3.2 Two-Piece Drainable Pouches
4.2 Ostomy Care Accessories
4.2.1 Adhesives
4.2.2 Belts and Girdles (Including Stoma Guard)
4.2.3 Others
5. Global Ostomy Care Market Analysis, by Procedure (USD million) 2017 – 2023
5.1 Colostomy
5.2 Ileostomy
5.3 Urostomy
6. Global Ostomy Care Market Analysis, by End User (USD million) 2017 – 2023
6.1 Hospitals and Clinics
6.2 Ambulatory Centers
6.3 Others
7. Global Ostomy Care Market Analysis, by Region (USD million) 2017 – 2023
7.1 North America
7.1.1 North America Ostomy Care Market by Product (USD million)
7.1.2 North America Ostomy Care Market by Procedure (USD million)
7.1.3 North America Ostomy Care Market by End User (USD million)
7.2 EMEA
7.2.1 Europe Ostomy Care Market by Product (USD million)
7.2.2 Europe Ostomy Care Market by Procedure (USD million)
7.2.3 Europe Ostomy Care Market by End User (USD million)
7.3 Asia-Pacific
7.3.1 Asia-Pacific Ostomy Care Market by Product (USD million)
7.3.2 Asia-Pacific Ostomy Care Market by Procedure (USD million)
7.3.3 Asia-Pacific Ostomy Care Market by End User (USD million)
7.4 Latin America
7.4.1 Latin America Ostomy Care Market by Product (USD million)
7.4.2 Latin America Ostomy Care Market by Procedure (USD million)
7.4.3 Latin America Ostomy Care Market by End User (USD million)
8. Company Profiles
8.1 Alcare
8.2 B. Braun Melsungen AG
8.3 Coloplast Corp
8.4 Convatec
8.5 Smith & Nephew
8.6 Hollister
8.7 Marlen Manufacturing
8.8 3M
8.9 Nu-Hope Laboratories
8.10 Other Companies
Browse Detailed TOC, Description and Companies Mentioned in Report @ https://www.infiniumglobalresearch.com/healthcare_medical_devices/global_ostomy_care_accessories_market
Andrew Fulton accepts his award for Central Queensland Engineer of the Year from Engineers Australia.
Andrew Fulton accepts his award for Central Queensland Engineer of the Year from Engineers Australia. Malcolm Leinster
FOR 27 years, Andrew Fulton helped shaped Bundaberg in his role as the general manager of infrastructure and planning with Bundaberg Regional Council.
Now, as he enjoys retirement, Mr Fulton has been recognised for his efforts, named Engineers Australia Central Queensland Engineer of the Year 2017 late last month.
Mayor Jack Dempsey said the recognition was a fitting cap to Mr Fulton's years of service to the region.
"In awarding Engineer of the Year to Mr Fulton, Engineers Australia described him as one of the most influential engineers in Central Queensland, with his leadership and abilities continually challenged through his role at council,” Cr Dempsey said.
"The respect he has gained from his peers was noted, which was evidenced by his continually meeting the challenges of leadership, demonstrating integrity, promoting sustainability and applying his engineering skills to ensure our region continues to grow and prosper.
"Mr Fulton was also credited with assisting to produce the next generation of engineers due to his willingness to engage with and support the employment of young engineers in our region.
"His colleagues here at council would certainly agree with this assessment. We were very fortunate to have a man of Mr Fulton's calibre devote his time to our community for so long and we wish him all the best in retirement.”
Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May leaves 10 Downing Street, to head for the House of Commons, in central London, Britain April 19, 2017. REUTERS/Stefan Wermuth
LEWES, England Polls show British Prime Minister Theresa May on course to a landslide in the election she has called for June. But if her Conservative Party faces one potential snag in its march towards victory, it could be in places like Lewes, a small town beneath a picturesque castle in the hills near England's southern coast.
Here, where the local member of parliament is a Conservative but most people voted last year to stay in the European Union, May's party has to win back those who disagree with her plans for a decisive break with the EU.
Most forecasters predict Britain's main opposition Labour Party, which has struggled to formulate a position on Brexit, will lose dozens of seats to May's Conservatives.
But the small, openly pro-European Liberal Democrats say they are the only party that can gain seats at May's expense, mainly in areas in the comparatively well-off south of England, where they lost seats to the Conservatives two years ago but now have a chance to win them back.
"Every weekend I've spoken to people who regret voting for the Conservatives," Kelly-Marie Blundell, the Liberal Democrat, or Lib Dem, candidate for Lewes told Reuters.
She said Brexit was one of the leading issues for voters in the town, which had a Lib Dem member of parliament for nearly two decades until Maria Caulfield, a former nurse, narrowly won the seat for the Conservatives in 2015.
Last year, Lewes voted by 53 to 47 percent to stay in the EU. One of those "remain" voters was Kathleen Turner, a pensioner who says she will now vote Conservative to give May the mandate to carry out Brexit anyway.
"Having got to where we are, we need to get on with it," she told Reuters in the town's bustling shopping district. "She's the only person for the job."
BLINKERED SOCIETY
May has called the election to increase the narrow 17-seat working majority in parliament she inherited from her predecessor David Cameron, who quit last year after Britons rejected his call to stay in the EU.
Cameron won his majority in the 650-seat House of Commons in 2015 in part by taking seats like Lewes from the Lib Dems, who were punished by voters for going into coalition with Cameron's Conservatives five years earlier.
The Lib Dems lost 49 seats in 2015 and now have just nine left. But that also means that there are 25 Conservative-held seats where the Lib Dems need a swing of less than 10 percentage points to win.
"I'll probably vote Liberal Democrat. The EU is really important," said Valerie Kent, 52, a teacher who described herself as a "floating voter".
"We're in danger of becoming a very blinkered society when it comes to things like immigration, and there are many who are worried about that. I would think that the Lib Dems could come back into fashion."
Professor John Curtice, Britain's leading election expert, says that despite May's strong showing in head-to-head opinion polls against Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn, a lot of Labour seats are still safe because of their demographics.
That means May's path to a landslide may not be so straightforward, and losing a clutch of seats to the Lib Dems along the way could prove more important than it appears at first.
The impact of leaving the EU on the vote is a "more complicated question", Curtice wrote in an article for the Sun newspaper. "To what extent will people depart from their usual party support because of their views on Brexit?"
Even some Lib Dem supporters in pro-EU areas like Lewes wonder if the party's position on Brexit will be enough to make gains, with May riding so high in the polls.
"They're targeting the 'Remain' vote, but I'm not really sure what strategy is going to work in the current environment," said artist Claire Crawford, a Lib Dem supporter who voted to stay in the EU.
"Theresa May feels strong, so she's calling a vote to capitalise on the weakness of others. It's a bad time for the Liberal Democrats as well as the rest."
(Writing by Michael Holden; editing by Guy Faulconbridge and Peter Graff)
BRIEF-BB&T increases prime lending rate to 4.25 pct from 4.00 pct
* bb&t corp says it is increasing its prime lending rate to 4.25 percent from 4.00 percent, effective immediately Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Market Research Reports Search Engine (MRRSE) has appended a new research publication to its extensive research database on the automotive occupant sensing system market. The automotive occupant sensing system market has been covered in detail within this comprehensive report and the market dynamics have been enclosed to summarize the opportunities, drivers, trends and restraints that can provide the reader with relevant information about the current scenario of this market. Also, a competitive outlook is provided to give the gist about the current status in the automotive occupant sensing system market.
Get Free Sample Report @ https://www.mrrse.com/sample/3907
Global Automotive Occupant Sensing System Market: Segmental Analysis
The report segments the automotive occupant sensing system market across the world into sales channel, vehicle type, mounting location, and geography.
Based on Vehicle Type the market is further classified as Light Commercial Vehicles, Heavy Commercial Vehicles, Compact Passenger Cars, Premium Passenger Cars, Luxury Passenger Cars, and Mid-sized Passenger Cars
Based on the Sales Channel, the automotive occupant sensing system market is bifurcated into Aftermarket and OEM
On the basis of Mounting Location, the market is categorized into passenger side, driver side, others
On the basis of region, the worldwide automotive occupant sensing system market is classified into six sub segments including Europe, MEA, North America, APEJ, Japan, and Latin America
The report provides the overall market revenue along with the comparison in terms of market share in the automotive occupant sensing system market. The report indicates that competition is immense in the various segments of the worldwide automotive occupant sensing system market. The report also profiles some of the leading companies functioning in the global automotive occupant sensing system market and provides company specific information including a broad overview of the business, financial details, product portfolio, and strategies adopted by these companies to remain dominant in the global market. The report also includes a comprehensive SWOT analysis and conveys in-depth insights on the intricate operations of the industry. The competition analysis is an essential part of the report as it helps readers understand the current market structure of the global automotive occupant sensing system market. Information presented in the report provides a platform for existing and also new players to formulate their growth strategies to sustain in the competitive global market.
Browse Complete Report with TOC @ https://www.mrrse.com/automotive-occupant-sensing-system-market
Global Automotive Occupant Sensing System Market: Key Players
The research publication includes profiles of some of the top companies leading the global automotive occupant sensing system market such as Volvo AB., Takata Corporation, Robert Bosch GMBH, Continental AG, Key Safety Systems Inc., Autoliv Inc, ZF Friedrichshafen AG, Hyundai Mobis Co., Delphi Automotive Plc., and Lear Corporation.
Enquire About this Report @ https://www.mrrse.com/enquiry/3907
About MRRSE
Market Research Reports Search Engine (MRRSE) is an industry-leading database of market intelligence reports. MRRSE is driven by a stellar team of research experts and advisors trained to offer objective advice. Our sophisticated search algorithm returns results based on the report title, geographical region, publisher, or other keywords.
MRRSE partners exclusively with leading global publishers to provide clients single-point access to top-of-the-line market research. MRRSE's repository is updated every day to keep its clients ahead of the next new trend in market research, be it competitive intelligence, product or service trends or strategic consulting.
Contact
State Tower
90, State Street
Suite 700
Albany, NY – 12207
United States
Telephone: +1-518-730-0559
Email: sales@mrrse.com
Website: https://www.mrrse.com/
Breaking: Cleveland Cavaliers head coach Ty Lue is stepping away from the team citing chest pains and “other troubling symptoms.”
Lue released a statement by the Cavaliers.
From Tyronn Lue:
“After many conversations with our doctors and Koby and much thought given to what is best for the team and my health, I need to step back from coaching for the time being and focus on trying to establish a stronger and healthier foundation from which to coach for the rest of the season.
I have had chest pains and other troubling symptoms, compounded by a loss of sleep, throughout the year. Despite a battery of tests, there have been no conclusions as to what the exact issue is.
While I have tried to work through it, the last thing I want is for it to affect the team. I am going to use this time to focus on a prescribed routine and medication, which has previously been difficult to start in the midst of a season. My goal is to come out of it a stronger and healthier version of myself so I can continue to lead this team to the Championship we are all working towards.
I greatly appreciate Dan Gilbert, Koby Altman, our medical team and the organization's support throughout.”
BP's Dudley seen reigning for years to restore major's might
LONDON, June 15 When BP boss Bob Dudley clinched a final deal to settle litigation over the deadly Deepwater Horizon disaster, many oil industry executives and investors thought his mission was accomplished.
A chara, – I agree with Ian Headon (May 29th) that it is a concern that many voters did not take part in last Friday's referendum.
However, I think it is probably inaccurate where he states that over a third of voters “declined” to participate.
Our electoral registers are not entirely accurate. With voters moving around, there are often instances of some voters being registered more than once and others being knocked off the register entirely. We need to put in place a system of automatic voter registration (possibly linked to our PPS numbers), something that is the norm in most European states. That may require a single electoral commission.
We also need to improve our system of allowing for postal voting. The Irish system is one of the most restrictive in democratic societies. Citizens can apply if they are away for reasons of work but have to do so several weeks ahead of the poll. But many voters were away on Friday because of holidays planned months in advance or for other reasons that required them to travel. In a world where more and more of our voters travel, but still want to vote, we should make it as easy as possible (while still ensuring against fraud) to cast a ballot.
If we are to look at extending the rights of the Irish overseas to vote in presidential elections, we need to look at how this could operate in practice, and this is likely to mean postal ballots.
Finally, the evidence from other countries suggests that if a citizen gets into the habit of voting early in life, they will continue to do so. Schools have been proactive in encouraging voter registration and the new politics and society course at second level engages teenagers. But extending the vote to 16 year olds will help form a voting habit. That can be done simply by legislation in time for the local elections next May.
We must value the power of the pencil and paper and how it can change a nation. We should do everything we can to make it as easy as possible for citizens to use their vote. – Is mise,
Cllr MALCOLM BYRNE,
Gorey,
Co Wexford.
A major fire broke out at a godown in Maharashtra Nagar in suburban Govandi, a fire brigade official said.
“We got a call about the blaze at around 1.25 pm. Eight fire-fighting engines and four water tanks have been rushed to the spot. Efforts to douse the fire are on,” the official attached to the Mumbai Fire Brigade said.
According to him, so far there are no reports of anybody being injured in the blaze.
P S Rahangdale, Chief Fire Officer of the Mumbai Fire Brigade said that the blaze was confined to various ground floor 100×100 ft structures.
UPDATE 1-South Africa's Vodacom names Moleketi as chairman
JOHANNESBURG, June 15 South Africa's Vodacom Group said on Thursday it has appointed non-executive director Jabu Moleketi to succeed Peter Moyo as the mobile phone network operator's next chairman.
May 3 Ecosynthetix Inc
* Ecosynthetix reports first quarter 2017 results
* Ecosynthetix Inc - recorded net sales of $3.6 million in q1 2017, up 22% compared to same period in 2016
* Qtrly basic and diluted loss per common share $0.03 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Electronic device screen time may affect mental health of school-aged youths
Share this content:
linkedin
google
Email
Print
Though new AAP recommendations urge limiting the amount of time that children spend on media and electronic devices, these recommendations are not always properly followed.
The following article is part of The Clinical Advisor's coverage from the 2018 National Conference of Pediatric Nurse Practitioners in Chicago. Our staff will be reporting live on the latest news and clinically relevant practice information from leading pediatric NPs in many specialty areas. Check back for ongoing updates from NAPNAP 2018.
CHICAGO—In children aged 6 to 12 years old, increased use of media or electronic devices (screen time) is associated with a risk for mental health issues, including social phobia and depressive symptoms, according to research presented at the National Association of Pediatric Nurse Practitioners' 39th National Conference on Pediatric Health Care in Chicago.
Kimberly Buck, DNP, RN, CPNP, Assistant Professor at Loma Linda University School of Nursing in California, and colleagues conducted a study to determine whether the length of screen time was correlated with academic and mental health effects in children between the ages of 6 and 12.
Volunteers included 250 English-speaking parent-child dyads. Children aged 6 to 12 with no previous mental health issues were eligible, and parents were asked to complete a survey involving the child's mental health, media usage, and parental socio-demographics.
The majority of volunteering parents were women (87.1%) with an average age of 35.5 years and an average education level of a high school diploma. Nearly equivalent numbers of boys and girls were included (50.2% boys) with an average age of 9 years. The cohort was primarily Hispanic (79.1%) with 59.5% of parental participants either married or living together.
According to the results, children were not adhering to the AAP recommendations to place consistent restrictions on lengths of screen use. The investigators reported an average screen time of 3 hours in homes with an average of 6 electronic devices.
Children were likely to get less than 9 hours of sleep if they had a television in their room (compared with the recommended 9-12 hours of sleep), possibly leading to sleep issues. Among the 12-year olds in the cohort, 73% used electronic devices more than 2 hours per day; 54% of children between ages 6 and 11 confirmed the same usage per day.
Additionally, more than 2 hours of screen time was reported in 71% of children with fair academic grades, 77% of children with social phobia, and 90% of children with high risk for depressive symptoms.
“Future studies should re-examine the potential negative impact of excessive screen time on young children's mental health using larger samples and different pediatric surveys in a more diverse population,” reported the authors. “Furthermore, the amount of screen time related to school work must be explored, since Chromebooks are now becoming the newest revolution in academic learning.”
Visit Clinical Advisor's conference section for continuous coverage from NAPNAP 2018
Reference
PARIS, April 30 Nice dealt Paris St Germain's Ligue 1 title hopes a huge blow by beating them 3-1 in a stormy match on Sunday which ended with the losing side receiving two red cards.
Second-placed PSG, who have three games to play, were left three points behind leaders AS Monaco who also have a game in hand. Nice trail PSG by another three points in third.
Mario Balotelli and Ricardo Pereira scored to put Nice 2-0 ahead before Marquinhos pulled one back.
Anastasios Donis scored Nice's third in the 90th minute, in between red cards for Thiago Motta and Angel Di Maria. (Writing by Brian Homewood in Berne; Editing by Clare Fallon)
May 2 Wintershall Holding Gmbh
* Wintershall says its Maria oilfield off Norway could start producing in H1 2018
* Wintershall CEO Mario Mehren says the startup will depend on the drilling success
* Says drilling started in March and is expected to last for up to 580 days
* The field is estimated to hold around 180 million barrels of oil equivalents of recoverable reserves, mostly oil
* Wintershall has 50 pct stakes, Norway's Petoro 30 pct and Centrica 20 pct Further company coverage: (Reporting By Nerijus Adomaitis)
Germany's Merkel says EU ready to negotiate Brexit, no change seen
MESEBERG, Germany, June 14 German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Wednesday the European Union was ready to start negotiating with Britain about its exit from the EU on June 19, as planned, saying she assumed that the talks would proceed despite last week's parliamentary election in Britain.
Signs aimed at persuading people not to smoke in children's play areas are being installed in parks across Harrogate district, following a successful trial last year.
Council officials hope is the signs stating - We play here. Please don't smoke in our play area - will make people think twice before they smoke near children's play areas, reducing the possibility of passive smoking.
In 2014, the council carried out a public consultation on what people thought about the issue of smoking in children's play areas and 80 per cent of the responses were in favour of action being taken.
As a result, signs were trialled in three of the council's play areas: Harrogate's Valley Gardens, Fysche Hall Field near Knaresborough Pool and Ripon Spa Park.
The feedback from those sites has been positive and anecdotal evidence suggests the number of people smoking in, or immediately around the play areas, has reduced.
With joint funding from Harrogate Borough Council and North Yorkshire County Council's ‘smoke free places' fund, another 24 signs are now being installed across the district.
Eventually, it's hoped signs will be displayed in all 60 of the council's play areas.
Coun Andy Paraskos, cabinet member with responsibility for play areas, said: “I'm really pleased we're able to extend this scheme to more of our play areas.
“It isn't about telling people what they can or can't do in our parks – the no smoking message is voluntary.
“Instead, we just want smokers to think twice before they light-up where youngsters are playing.
“Passive smoking is a serious issue, especially for children, who are at much greater risk from respiratory infections caused by second-hand smoke.”
If you're a parent who prefers to keep smartphones and tablets out of your kids' hands, you might worry about losing the ability to keep tabs on their location and communicate with them at any given time. If so, Republic Wireless has you covered. The company has unveiled an intriguing new screenless device dubbed the "Relay."
This small square gadget has clearly been designed with families in mind. It features one-button communication and built-in GPS tracking features, the later of which is accessible via the Relay's companion app.
The Relay includes 4G LTE and WiFi connectivity, allowing users to contact family members at the press of a button via Google Assistant. The device also offers voice-activated games, music playback functionality (with a 3.5mm headphone jack), roughly three days of battery life and the ability to answer most questions (also courtesy of Google Assistant).
Though the Relay is undoubtedly intended for families, the device could also be a tempting buy for outdoor enthusiasts thanks to its distraction-free nature and durable, water-resistant construction.
If you're interested in grabbing a Relay for yourself, the device will launch sometime in early 2018. A two-pack will cost $149 upon release with a $6.99 monthly service charge per device. You can also opt to purchase a single relay for $99 or three Relays for $199.
A Russian warplane was shot down Saturday in Syria, according to a Russian state-run news agency.
The Russian Ministry of Defense confirmed one of its Su-25 warplanes was downed in Syria's Idlib province, state media outlet RIA Novosti reported. The ministry said the pilot was able to eject from the plane but died.
The Idlib Media Center, an anti-government activist group, posted images that purportedly show the plane's wreckage.
Militants shot down the plane in an area controlled by al Nusra Front rebels, according to the RIA Novosti report. Russia and Turkey, which is responsible for the de-escalation zone in Idlib, were taking measures to return the pilot's body, the defense ministry said.
Russian state-run news agency TASS reported that "according to preliminary information, the plane was shot down from a portable anti-aircraft missile system."
Witnesses said the pilot was taken from the crash site, according to Rami Abdel Rahman, director of the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, a UK-based monitoring group. It was unclear whether the pilot was alive or dead, he said.
Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's regime recently resumed airstrikes on rebel-held areas such as Idlib province in the country's northwest, prompting tens of thousands of civilians to flee their homes, according to UN officials.
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
New doco goes behind the scenes at Rhythm & Vines, and digs up some dirt along the way. Chris Schulz meets the filmmakers.
Belinda Henley hadn't yet hit the record button for her new documentary when she got an urgent phone call.
On the line was Andrew Witters, the son of Gisborne businessman Dean Witters. Andrew had some bad news: Dean only had days to live.
He told her: "If you want to interview him, get down here."
Advertisement
Dean Witters at Waiohika Estate, the site where the Rhythm & Vines music festival is held each year.
Henley, an executive video producer at NZME, knew Dean played an integral role in the creation of Rhythm & Vines, the long-running New Year's music festival in Gisborne.
Dean was one of the festival's founders and the original owner of Waiohika Estate, the sprawling vineyard where Rhythm & Vines entertains upwards of 20,000 punters each New Year's.
Henly wanted the interview with Dean for her documentary, which was set to tell the "warts and all" behind-the-scenes story of Rhythm & Vines.
So she did what any good journalist would do.
"I scrambled down to Gisborne to interview him," she says. "That was a tough day. We interviewed him a couple of weeks before he died."
Camera operator Pepe De Hoyos and documentary co-directors Belinda Henley and Phill Prendeville.
Her interview with an ailing, regretful and close-to-tears Dean Witters, as well as footage of his funeral, is one of many emotional moments in The Road to Rhythm, a four-part R18 documentary series that begins airing on nzherald.co.nz from today.
Co-directed by Henley and Phill Prendeville, the doco follows the festival's rollercoaster ride over its 15-year history, from its inception as a dance party for Otago University students to becoming New Zealand's premiere New Year's festival, a juggernaut that's become a rite of passage for many Kiwi school leavers.
It hasn't all been plain-sailing. The doco lays bare issues surrounding the rise of BW Campgrounds, Andrew Witters' off-site initiative that grew to become a festival all of its own but was shut down after riots led to 63 arrests in 2015. It also covers the financial issues that nearly saw Rhythm & Vines bankrupted after expanding to become a three-day festival.
Watch: The Road to Rhythm - Part Two
Road to Rhythm Part Two.
Watch: The Road to Rhythm - Part Three
Road to Rhythm Part Three.
Watch: The Road to Rhythm - Part Four
Road to Rhythm Part Four.
But the documentary digs up even more dirt, discovering a strained relationship between festival co-directors Hamish Pinkham and Andrew Witters. "I think it was quite confronting," says Henley. "A wee bit of mud-slinging goes on, and that's not easy for them to maybe watch."
Pinkham admits to nerves ahead of the doco's debut. "It's certainly warts and all," says the softly spoken promoter. But he thinks it will be "cathartic" after several years of turmoil.
"It's ... a good chance to reflect on where we've come from. Watching the doco puts it in perspective how hard it's been over the years."
Henley admits she had to convince Pinkham, an old friend, and Andrew Witters to give her full festival access. She didn't want it to become a puff piece. "We did have to have some pretty frank and robust stories around editorial control," she says. "It's their baby, but it was really important to Phil and me that we ... maintained (editorial integrity)."
Crowds gather for Big Shaq at Rhythm & Vines.
It's not all mudslinging. Henley and co capture plenty of candid moments, like the first-time festival-goers hilariously prepping for their Rhythm & Vines debut. Or staff suffering backstage freak outs over dodgy weather forecasts.
Then there's the moment Man's Not Hot rapper Big Shaq misses a flight and struggles to arrive at last year's festival on time. His rapturous arrival on stage to a frenzied crowd is a revelation.
Pinkham says it's important for fans to see the tough times too. "People see the gloss and the glamour and the travel and the lifestyle and being in the industry and getting to go to cool shows," he says. "But I don't think they realise a lot of the risk and dedication and courage and focus it's taken to get to this point."
Calvin Harris performs at Rhythm & Vines.
Pinkham admits he's been so busy looking ahead to future festivals, and booking the next line-up, that he hasn't had a chance to look back. The doco's made him do just that. The toughest time, he says, was in 2015 after the BW Campground riot, when the festival's directors jointly decided to pull the plug.
"We collectively decided to throw the towel in," he says. "There was a point we had too much on our plate, then we hung up the phone, called each other back and said, 'Hang on, maybe there are some solutions here'."
Both Pinkham and Henley believe that's the best bit - the doco is following a festival that comes with a happy ending. The festival's just signed up with global touring superpower Live Nation. They've taken a controlling interest, meaning access to bigger artists and cementing the festival's future.
"Rhythm & Vines is in the best shape it's ever been in," says Henley. "There's redemption at the end.
"The story we wanted to tell was the ups and downs and how they got there."
LOWDOWN:
Who: Filmmakers Belinda Henley and Phill Prendeville
What: The Road to Rhythm, a four-part documentary series chronicling the 15-year history of Rhythm & Vines
Where and when: Screening on nzherald.co.nz, from today
RHYTHM AND VINES: THE BIGGEST GETS
Fat Freddy's Drop, 2005
Fat Freddy's Drop perform at Rhythm & Vines.
The Kiwi roots act are household names now, but when they signed up to perform at R&V in 2005, their all-conquering debut, Based on a True Story, hadn't yet been released. "I got sent it in April," says Pinkham. "I went overseas, came back in October and they'd just gone through the roof." Freddy's played on a bill that also included Salmonella Dub, The Black Seeds, Shapeshifter, Cornerstone Roots and Ladi6, acts that still tour regularly across summer. "It felt like we were the first to group that whole scene together," says Pinkham. But he says the New Year's set by Freddy's still stands out. "We had Dan Carter hanging off the stage ... all of Outrageous Fortune were there. It was a really iconic year."
Public Enemy, 2008
Public Enemy perform at Rhythm & Vines.
Pinkham admits the festival's sixth event went overboard signing as many big names as it could get, as it expanded to become a three-day festival. But the 2008 festival didn't attract enough fans. "We had 18,000 and needed 25,000," he says. "We had people saying, 'Why are you doing three days? We can hardly survive one'. It took a while for people to catch up on that." The bill was expansive, featuring everyone from alt-rock acts The Kooks and Franz Ferdinand to electronic acts Santigold and Carl Cox, and locals Shihad and Ladyhawke. But with Chuck D's menacing bellow and Flavor Flav's clock-twirling antics, Public Enemy was the festival's standout performance. "They brought a marching band," remembers Pinkham.
Sachi, 2015-2016
Sachi performs at Rhythm & Vines.
One of Pinkham's favourite things is watching acts grow with the festival. Kiwi electronic duo Sachi are one such act. "Now that we're established, we get offered a lot of artists, some great artists, even artists that have played at the festival before," Pinkham explains. "What I like is having a bit of foresight, taking a bit of a risk to selecting artists that are ahead of the curve, bringing them into the mix and seeing if they'd succeed." Sachi did just that, he says. "They've been brought up from pretty humble beginnings. Seeing them on the main stage last year was quite rewarding," he says.
Chance the Rapper, 2016
Chance the Rapper performs at Rhythm & Vines.
Foresight can play a part with international acts, too. Pinkham signed Chance the Rapper as a headliner early in 2016, then watched his career take off. "Selecting artists that are a little bit ahead of the curve and bringing them into the mix (is rewarding)," says Pinkham. "Knowing that we had his contract signed while watching his ascent ... he had an audience with the Obamas six weeks before headlining Rhythm & Vines," he says. "It's pretty exciting."
WHAT'S NEXT?
Hamish Pinkham, co-director of Gisborne-based music festival Rhythm & Vines.
"You've got to keep up with the next thing," is how Pinkham describes his job at Rhythm & Vines. That next thing is a partnership with Live Nation, the live music juggernaut that recently took a controlling share of the festival. "During tough times it would have been good to have someone who believed in our vision," he says. "Live Nation's a company that understands risk and reward in a promotional space. They're the best in the world at it." Pinkham believes more doors have already opened, and that could lead to bigger headliners and better opportunities. "We can tap into their pipeline. Communication channels are open," he says. And he's already teasing a very big name set to be confirmed for next year's bill. "We've got an act at the moment that we've secured for this year's event that's pretty exciting," Pinkham says. "It will be pretty groundbreaking ... We're in a good space."
WHERE TO GET HELP:
If you are worried about your or someone else's mental health, the best place to get help is your GP or local mental health provider. However, if you or someone else is in danger or endangering others, call police immediately on 111.
OR IF YOU NEED TO TALK TO SOMEONE ELSE:
• LIFELINE: 0800 543 354 (available 24/7)
• SUICIDE CRISIS HELPLINE: 0508 828 865 (0508 TAUTOKO) (available 24/7)
• YOUTHLINE: 0800 376 633
• NEED TO TALK? Free call or text 1737 (available 24/7)
• KIDSLINE: 0800 543 754 (available 24/7)
• WHATSUP: 0800 942 8787 (1pm to 11pm)
• DEPRESSION HELPLINE: 0800 111 757​
The full programme for this year's Brighton Festival was unveiled today (February 15), with its youngest ever guest director Kate Tempest.
The 31-year-old recording artist, poet, playwright, and novelist is set to celebrate what she calls the ‘Everyday Epic' - art that helps us connect to ourselves and others, explores our individual stories and differences, and encourages audiences to take a walk in someone else's shoes. In her words: “Art is social. It should be a part of life. No big deal – just life itself.”
The Children's Parade opens Brighton Festival each year (Photograph: Victor Frankowski)
She said: “I feel very humbled to have been given the opportunity to guest direct Brighton Festival. This year's theme, Everyday Epic, seems to encapsulate some of my feelings about how music, literature and poetry can give us back our lives. Singing, playing, dancing, moving, painting life and communicating about that in public spaces - it requires no qualifications, no training to enjoy it. It's truthful communication between humans about humanity and in these times, it feels more important than ever to try and understand what that humanity is and what it could be. So please go and see as much as you can. Approach it like an epic. Like you are a pilgrim on a quest and something may well happen in the theatre, the pub, the community centre, the concert hall that will smash you back to feeling and land you in your skin again.”
The festival first began in 1967, and the annual event is produced by Brighton Dome & Brighton Festival, which also managed three city centre venues.
Since 2009 Brighton Festival has worked with guest directors to tailor the year's programme. Previous guest directors include was visual artist Anish Kapoor (2009), musician Brian Eno (2010), Burmese leader Aung San Suu Kyi (2011), actress and human rights campaigner Vanessa Redgrave (2012), poet, author and former Children's Laureate Michael Rosen (2013), choreographer, composer and performer Hofesh Shechter (2014), award-winning author Ali Smith (2015) and pioneering artist and musician Laurie Anderson (2016).
This year's Brighton Festival will run from May 6 to May 28, and will open - as always - with the Children's Parade.
Ocean Wisdom
This will be followed by an eclectic festival line-up spanning theatre, dance, visual art, film, music, debate, comedy and spoken word - featuring the likes of Brighton-based rapper Ocean Wisdom, who appears on a bill hosted by influential UK hip hop label High Focus Records, and poetry slam champion Tommy Sissons who performs alongside fellow spoken word stars Patience Agbabi and Dizraeli.
Guest director Kate Tempest will perform in a host of special Brighton Festival events including: an exclusive opening gig of music and spoken word; a poetry evening in which she appears alongside the likes of fellow Picador poets Hollie McNish and Glyn Maxwell; and a live orchestration of her recent album Let Them Eat Chaos, produced in collaboration with Oscar-nominated artist Mica Levi, who also brings her acclaimed live score of Under the Skin to the Festival.
A series of outdoor sight-specific works will encourage audiences to see the ‘Everyday Epic' in the landscape of the city and engage with their environment anew. These include For the Birds, an intricate light, sound and kinetic sculpture trail experienced as an immersive night-time adventure through a woodland location; the UK premiere of Five Short Blasts: Shoreham, a maritime journey on the River Adur created by Australian artists Madeleine Flynn and Tim Humphrey in collaboration with Shoreham's water communities; Depart, an ethereal promenade performance through a cemetery from Yaron Lifschitz and his internationally acclaimed circus company, Circa; and SPECTRA:CAST, an interactive installation from artist duo Walter & Zoniel that will transform Brighton beach into a giant canvas as audiences register their views on a variety of subjects by casting multi-coloured stones onto it.
Story-telling in all its forms is set to be celebrated in a number of events such as The Gabriels, Tony-award-winning playwright Richard Nelson's extraordinary depiction of one American family, written and set in real time during the turbulent US election year - the follow-up to his 2015 smash-hit The Apple Plays ; Anna and Elizabeth's revival of the ancient tradition of ‘crankies', cloth and cut-paper scrolls depicting stories and scenes from the great ballads unfurled to musical accompaniment; spoken word nights from cult collectives Apples and Snakes and Bang Said the Gun; a new co-commission by Andy Smith & Fuel, Summit, performed in British Sign Language and English by a cast of three; and No Dogs no Indians, the world premiere of three intertwining stories exploring the effects and legacy of the British in India by poet and playwright Siddhartha Bose to mark the 70th anniversary of Indian independence.
5 Short Blasts Shoreham
The power of the arts to ‘activate our empathy' and pose questions about how we view the ‘other' is examined through works such as They/Onlar, ipek Duben's multi-screen installation which explores the division lines of gender, ethnicity and sexuality in Turkish society; the world premiere of Brighton-based choreographer and designer, Theo Clinkard's This Bright Field, a major new commission which sees audiences share the stage with thirteen exceptional performers for a captivating and intimate event examining perspective and attention; Collisions, Lynette Wallworth's thought-provoking Virtual Reality film experience which puts audiences directly into the life-changing moment when indigenous Martu Elder Nyarri Nyarri Morgan a witnessed an atomic test – his first encounter with Western culture; and Breaking the Spell of Loneliness, George Monbiot and Ewan McLennan's musical exploration of loneliness and social isolation.
Reflecting Tempest's belief that: ‘The arts should be in our communities, not only on elevated platforms or behind red velvet ropes', Brighton Festival 2017 sees two new ventures: The Storytelling Army, a dynamic collective of people from all walks of life who will be performing in unexpected locations around the city from bus stops to supermarkets, and Your Place, a diverse line-up of mixed arts programmed in partnership with Brighton People's Theatre, Festival artists and local residents in the Hangleton and Whitehawk communities. These join regular free, participatory events such as the annual Children's Parade, City Reads and Young City Reads; and Weekend Without Walls, two days of free arts in the parks; and a new initiative which encourages audiences to Pay-It-Forward by donating £5 on top of their ticket price which will be match-funded by Brighton Festival to create a £10 Festival ticket voucher for someone unable to afford the opportunity.
Other Brighton Festival 2017 highlights include a special performance from legendary folk singer Shirley Collins with guests handpicked for the occasion; a new adaptation of Swan Lake from one of Ireland's foremost dance and theatre-makers, Michael Keegan-Dolan; genre-defying actress, singer, dancer, and cabaret diva Meow Meow who joins forces with Orchester der Kleinen Regiment for an exclusive Brighton Festival performance; a major new co-commission from sculptor Cathie Pilkington; US performance artist turned rapper Mykki Blanco's punk and riot grrrl influenced hip hop; Kneehigh's acclaimed production of Emma Rice's staging of Tristan & Yseult; BBC Young Musician 2016 Sheku Kanneh-Mason performing with the Chineke! Orchestra; and two special events to mark the 450th anniversary of the birth of Monteverdi - II Combattimento from Christophe Rousset and his ensemble Les Talens Lyrique, and a selection of the composer's sacred music from vocal ensemble I Fagiolini.
Andrew Comben, chief executive of Brighton Dome & Brighton Festival said: “Kate Tempest has brought a formidable passion and energy to the role of guest director this year. She is an extraordinary artist across many forms - writer, musician, performer and poet – with a unique ability to connect with people of all ages and from all walks of life. Kate is passionate about the power of the arts to bring communities together – vital now more than ever. We are thrilled to be presenting more work across the city than ever before - much of it outdoors in a celebration of everything this city has to offer – the everyday and the epic. And with new initiatives such as Your Place and the Pay-it-Forward scheme, I hope that Brighton Festival 2017 will encourage the whole city to come together to celebrate the creativity in their communities and try something new.”
Hedley Swain, area director south east for Arts Council England, said: “Brighton Festival has established itself as one of the premier showcases for the very best international arts. Once again this year with guest director Kate Tempest it offers an incredible range of work. We are lucky to have it and Arts Council is very pleased to be contributing to its continuing success.”
For more information, visit: www.brightonfestival.org
The couple is already parents to daughter Lamaisah.
Amir Khan has announced the birth of his second daughter with wife Faryal Makhdoom.
The Olympian shared a photograph of himself and baby Alayna, who is dressed in an extravagant leopard print and red floral outfit, on Instagram.
He wrote: “Welcome to the world. With my and @faryalmakhdoom new born, Weighing 8lbs 3oz ALAYNA KHAN,” adding a baby emoji at the end.
The pair welcomed their first child, Lamaisah, in 2014.
His wife, who he married in 2013, was four months pregnant when Khan entered the'm A Celebrity…Get Me Out Of Here jungle.
He finished seventh on the reality series, which was won by Georgia “Toff” Toffolo.
© Press Association 2018
TOKYO, April 12 Top Japanese retailer Aeon Co on Wednesday said its annual operating profit rose 4 percent, as growing sales at its supermarkets and drugs stores helped prop up struggling general merchandise stores.
Operating profit came in at 184.7 billion yen ($1.7 billion) for the year ended Feb. 28, below the company's estimate of 190 billion yen. Nine analysts surveyed by Thomson Reuters had forecast an average operating profit of 185.9 billion yen.
The retailer said it expected operating profit to come in at 195 billion yen for the current year. ($1 = 109.5100 yen) (Reporting by Sam Nussey; Editing by Himani Sarkar)
April 28 Two Russian nationals arrested in the United States last October on charges of conspiring to export sensitive military technology from the United States to Russia were sentenced to time served on Friday, a spokesman for U.S. prosecutors said.
Dmitrii Aleksandrovich Karpenko, 33, and Alexey Krutilin, 27, both pleaded guilty on March 8 and were sentenced by U.S. District Judge Leo Glasser in Brooklyn. They have agreed to immediate deportation to Russia, where both live, the spokesman said.
U.S. prosecutors said the two defendants planned to obtain microelectronics from manufacturers and suppliers in the United States and export them to Russia while evading government controls on high-tech exports.
The technology at issue included devices used in radar and missile guidance systems, prosecutors said. The United States restricts the export of items it believes could contribute to weapons proliferation and undermine U.S. national security.
Karpenko and Krutilin were arrested in Denver on Oct. 5 in a sting operation arranged by U.S. Department of Homeland Security agents posing as sellers, according to court filings.
In briefs filed in the Brooklyn court, lawyers for Karpenko and Krutilin said that while the two men knew the purpose of their trip was illegal, they had been sent by their employer, a Russian company called Aelek, and did not plan the purchases themselves.
The lawyers could not immediately be reached for comment.
Prosecutors said last October that Karpenko and Krutilin conspired with Alexey Barysheff, a U.S. citizen living in Brooklyn who was also arrested. Prosecutors say Barysheff set up front companies to buy and export electronics.
Barysheff has also pleaded guilty and is scheduled to be sentenced on June 17, court records show. (Reporting by Brendan Pierson in New York; Editing by Jonathan Oatis)
May 2 Aduro Biotech Inc
* Aduro Biotech reports first quarter 2017 financial results
* Q1 loss per share $0.32
* Q1 earnings per share view $-0.39 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Aduro Biotech Inc - Research and development expenses were $20.6 million for Q1 of 2017, compared to $20.9 million for same period in 2016
* Aduro Biotech Inc - Revenue for Q1 of 2017 was $3.8 million, compared to $4.0 million for same period in 2016 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
* Trump says he wants low interest rates
* Dollar "getting too strong"
* China surprises with punchy trade data
By Jamie McGeever
LONDON, April 13 The U.S. dollar and Treasury yields slid on Thursday and were on track for their biggest weekly declines this year, after U.S. President Donald Trump said that he would like to see interest rates stay low and that the greenback was too strong.
Surprisingly strong Chinese trade figures and Trump's remarks that the United States will not name China a currency manipulator helped boost Asian stocks. But the falling dollar and bond yields weighed on European markets.
U.S. futures pointed to a slightly lower open on Wall Street too.
"The dollar slid after Trump commented that the currency had risen too high ... (and) saying that he was in favour of low interest rates policy," Mizuho strategists wrote in a note to clients on Thursday.
"The U.S. president also appeared to move away from a more confrontational tone against China by acknowledging the country has not intervened to weaken its currency. Following his comments, Treasury yields fell to their lowest this year."
The dollar index, which tracks the greenback against a basket of six trade-weighted peers, fell 0.6 percent to 100.07. The benchmark 10-year U.S. Treasury yield slid to a five-month low of 2.22 percent.
That put the dollar on course for a fall of more than 1 percent and the 10-year yield down 13 basis points this week. That would mark the dollar's steepest weekly fall since before the U.S. presidential election in November and the sharpest yield drop since June last year.
Most financial markets are closed on Friday for the Good Friday holiday, and trading volumes on Thursday have been much lighter than usual.
Escalating fears of a new weapons test by North Korea kept investors on edge too, as a U.S. carrier group sails towards the area. Concern over the situation in the area has sent the cost to protect South Korean government debt against default soaring to 9-1/2 month highs.
European stocks were lower on Thursday. The pan-European index of leading 300 stocks fell 0.5 percent to 1,496 points , Germany's DAX was down 0.4 percent and Britain's FTSE 100 was down 0.6 percent.
European bank stocks were among the hardest hit, down more than 1 percent as the fall in longer-dated bond yields flattened the yield curve. The shrinking premium of long-dated yields over shorter-dated ones hurts banks' profitability.
TRUMP REVERSALS
In an interview with The Wall Street Journal, president Trump said he would like to see U.S. interest rates stay low and that the dollar was "getting too strong" and would eventually hurt the economy.
In apparent reversals from previous positions, he also said China isn't manipulating its currency - doing so would hurt talks with Beijing on dealing with North Korea - and that he wouldn't rule out re-nominating Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen once her four-year term is up next year.
Asia MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was up about 0.5 percent, while the yen's earlier strength helped push Japan's Nikkei down 0.7 percent.
China's trade surplus with the United States, another bone of contention for Trump, widened in March from February, customs data showed on Thursday. China's overall trade surplus rose in March after logging its first deficit in three years in February.
As European trading got underway, the dollar clawed back some of its earlier losses. It was down 0.1 percent against the yen at 108.90 yen, after touching a five-month low of 108.70. The euro was a touch weaker at $1.0650, after rising as high as $1.0677.
The euro and euro zone bond yields were also vulnerable to investor unease around the first round of the French presidential election on April 23. Markets are uneasy about the victory chances of both far-right leader Marine Le Pen, who has pledged to seek to take France out of the euro, and far-left candidate Jean-Luc Melenchon, who has seen his support climb in the polls.
"I think the price action in core yields is mainly shaped by the rising geopolitical concerns but also French election nerves increasing safe-haven flows," said ING strategist Martin Van Vliet.
In commodities, oil prices fell on concerns about rising U.S. output. U.S. crude CLc1 slipped 0.3 percent to $52.95 a barrel, extending Wednesday's 0.5 percent loss that saw it break a six-session winning streak.
Global benchmark Brent was also down 0.3 percent at $55.70, failing to make up any of Wednesday's 0.7 percent loss.
Gold pared earlier gains but hovered near a five-month high hit earlier in the session. The precious metal was up around 0.1 percent at $1,287 an ounce.
(Additional reporting by Abhinav Ramnarayan; Editing by Hugh Lawson)
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — The Russian diplomat added that Iraq's energy sector had been damaged by Daesh terrorists in the city, and that considerable efforts were required to restore its capabilities.
“The city of Mosul has been seriously ruined during the operation that lasted for more than nine months. Both the resident areas and the infrastructure have suffered. It is necessary to restore both energy supply and water delivery system [in the city], to renew the activities of schools, hospitals, higher education institutions and above all to ensure safety… Russia, with its long economic ties with Iraq, could use its capabilities and experience to support Iraq in restoration of several spheres of the economy, for example of the energy sector,” Maksimov said.
“Iraq, which is still engaged in the war against terrorists, will face difficulties in promptly addressing the challenges in the sphere of restoration of the settlements liberated from Daesh… That's why I think that the Iraqi government will need a significant international assistance in order to ensure the fastest return of people to their homes,” the diplomat said.
According to Maksimov, Baghdad will need up to $100 billion to finance the restoration of liberated territories.
On July 10, Iraqi authorities announced that Mosul had been liberated from Daesh. During the occupation and the military operation to drive the terrorists from the city, Mosul's infrastructure was significantly damaged.
The ambassador added that Russia and Iraq are going to hold a meeting of a joint subgroup to discuss energy issues. The ambassador said that new areas of cooperation had been recently opened.
“First of all, it is connected to the Iraqi government plans for the development of the gas sector. The Russian side is interested in joining a number of projects in this sphere. Another promising avenue for cooperation is the energy sector,” Maksimov said.
The ambassador added that Russian companies had some experience in building power plants in Iraq. Maksimov also pointed out that Russia's Gazprom Neft and LUKoil companies were working in Iraq and the Russian investment in the country amounted to $10 billion. Maksimov added that, to his knowledge, the companies were intent on increasing the cooperation with Iraq.
© Sputnik/ Sara Nureddin
Sputnik News
South Africa Today – World News – Middle East
Some British sterling money in coins and banknotes is seen September 2, 2005. BANKG REUTERS/Catherine Benson
LONDON Britain's pound fell against the dollar on Thursday in a session that saw it flip direction several times as investors saw uncertainty surrounding the country's departure from the European Union outweighing signs of economic resilience.
Graphic - Trade-weighted sterling since Brexit vote: here
Graphic - Global foreign exchange rates in 2017: here
Graphic - Sterling and gilt yields: here
The pound bounced on Wednesday on stronger-than-expected services activity data, which suggested Britain's dominant services sector was still thriving.
But it gave up some of those gains on Thursday, as investors took the view that until either Britain or the EU shows evidence of softening their negotiating stances, Brexit would be negative for the British economy.
Sterling was slightly lower on the day at $1.2477 in late trade. It was 0.1 percent higher at 85.31 pence per euro.
"The pound-dollar should actually remain range bound for quite some time," said Alejandro Zambrano, chief markets analyst at Amana Capital.
"In the back of their heads investors are still worried about Brexit even though the PMI services number was really good."
Sterling has lost nearly a fifth of its value against the dollar since Britain voted last June to leave the EU.
Since then, investors have broadly stayed bearish on the currency despite initial signs of resilience from the economy that confounded expectations of a slowdown, worried about long-term uncertainty surrounding Brexit.
Speculators took their bets against the pound versus the dollar to record highs last month, although they have since trimmed those short positions. [IMM/FX]
"The moment I'll turn my view around and turn materially long on sterling is when I know the European Union is willing to give Britain a good deal on services -- financial services to be more specific," said Jordan Rochester, currency strategist with Nomura.
"Confidence on both sides is pretty firm, so the initial talks are going to be slow and it's not until mid-May when those talks start."
European Council President Donald Tusk met British Prime Minister Theresa May in London on Thursday.
The EU's chief negotiator, Michel Barnier, insisted on Wednesday that Britain must stop pressing for immediate parallel talks with the bloc on a post-Brexit free trade deal, and first agree on withdrawal terms.
Investors are eyeing an EU summit on April 29, where EU directives for Brexit negotiations will be ratified.
(Reporting by Ritvik Carvalho Editing by Ralph Boulton)
Rain Warning In Force On Friday
A rain warning has been issued by the Met Office for later this week.
The yellow alert covers the whole of Morecambe Bay, and comes into force just after midnight on Friday morning.
It'll stay in place until 9pm.
A Met Office update reads: "An area of thunderstorms across southern England and Wales is expected to move northwestwards towards Northern Ireland during Friday morning.
"This then replaced by scattered thunderstorms across southern, central and northwest England, plus Wales and Northern Ireland by the afternoon and persisting into the early evening.
"These are likely to bring torrential rain to some places with the potential for 20-30 mm of rain to fall in an hour and perhaps as much as 60 mm in a few hours.
"Frequent lightning and large hail are also possible."
Goodwood Festival of Speed is celebrating its 25th anniversary this year.
The Silver Jubilee themed event takes place on Thursday, July 12 until Sunday, July 15.
Over the four days you can expect the annual Bonhams Summer Sale, displays from the Red Arrows, a Eurofighter Typhoon, the last flying Vulcan and even a Boeing 747. You can explore the awe-inspiring FOS Future Lab, and timed cars will make their first assault on the Hillclimb.
There will be off-road action at the Forest Rally Stage and gravity defying stunts in the Goodwood Action Sports Arena.
On Saturday the Michelin Supercar Run turns on the stopwatch as cars from over 20 manufacturers battle against each other to see.
Sunday culminates in the prize giving ceremony where The Duke of Richmond awards his much-coveted prizes and medals.
A special edition Ford Mustang GT paying tribute to US fighter pilots who served in the RAF during World War II will debut at Goodwood Festival of Speed 2018, presented by Mastercard. The one-of-a-kind Mustang GT takes inspiration from the RAF Eagle Squadrons that flew over the fields of Goodwood nearly 80 years ago. World champion drifter Vaughn Gittin Jr. will pilot the 700bhp Mustang GT up hillclimb.
The FoS Future Lab will also be open again this year, focusing on space exploration, autonomous transport, robotics and personal flight. Visitors will be able to view displays and demonstrations, interact with some of the technology for themselves and learn more about these exciting innovations.
FoS Future Lab will be open to the public throughout the Goodwood Festival of Speed, from 7am – 7pm each day.
Event hosts the Duke of Richmond will choose his 25 favourite moments from the first 25 events – personal highlights that he considers landmarks in the festival's history.
Who will be there
- F1 world champion Emerson Fittipaldi, who won the 1974 world title with the team and is also a two-time Indy 500 winner.
- Current star Stoffel Vandoorne joined by F1 test and reserve driver Lando Norris.
- Indy 500 winner Gil De Ferran.
- Double F1 world champion and fan favourite Mika Hakkinen who won back-to-back titles for McLaren in 1998 and 1999.
- Rudy Van Buren, winner of McLaren World's Fastest Gamer competition.
- F1 driver Robert Kubica who made his return to FORMULA ONE™, this year, signing as Williams Martini Racing's Reserve and Development driver.
Opening times
6.30am – car parks open (free of charge)
7am – gates open, providing a great opportunity to look around the paddocks before the action begins
8.30am – the action on the hillclimb commences (each day of the event)
6.30pm – bars close
7pm – event ends
What to wear
As it is an open air event Goodwood suggests comfortable shoes and casual clothing, with some light wet weather closing.
If you are using the corporate hospitality pavilion then smart casual dress required
Parking
Car parks are free and open from 6.30am. Parking is on grass and may not be suitable for low-slung cars.
Paid parking can be obtained for the Performance Car Park for cars of significant interest.
Motorcyle parking and helmet storage is provided on the north side (Lavant Road) of the motor circuit and is sign posted
Parking on approach roads is not permitted at any time
Overnight parking/camping is not permitted in any car park
For those eligible for reserved parking, Parking labels must be displayed when approaching Goodwood
Please follow traffic signs and instructions from marshals to the appropriate car park.
How to get there
It is advised that you do not follow your sat nav when driving to Festival of Speed.
Trains run regularly from London Victoria to Chichester, and there are also services from Brighton and Portsmouth. Taxis are available at the station. If arriving by taxi, please follow event signage to Gate 1.
A bus (service 902) runs from Chichester Railway Station from 7am each day, with tickets for the service available on the day and leaves every 30 minutes.
Road closures
The A285 New Road to Redvins Road, Boxgrove will be closed for access/egress of event traffic for the event. Multi-way signals will be used off peak.
Pook Lane will also be closed.
Tickets
Thursday ticket prices start at £37, Friday from £57 and Sunday £69.
Saturday and weekend tickets are now sold out, with Sunday, Friday and Thursday tickets also selling fast.
Hospitality packages are available throughout the weekend.
To buy tickets or enquire about hospitality visit Goodwood.com or call the Goodwood ticket office on 01243 755 055.
READ MORE:
Porsche featured in hit TV series ‘The Bridge' to be auctioned off in Sussex
U.N. says 300 civilians killed in U.S.-led air strikes in Raqqa since March
GENEVA Intensified coalition air strikes have killed at least 300 civilians in the Syrian northern city of Raqqa since March, as U.S.-backed forces close in on the stronghold of Islamic State forces, U.N. war crimes investigators said on Wednesday.
By Annie Bell
We bandy around the expression "superfood", yet there is not one single ingredient that comes anywhere close to matching milk for nutrition and health benefits.
Milk is a remarkably complete food, providing us with protein, fats and carbohydrates from which we derive our energy, and a range of minerals, vitamins and trace elements to support a vast array of bodily functions.
But for me, as a chef and nutritionist, it is the range of produce that can be made from milk - from yogurts to creams, butters and, many people's favourite, cheeses - that really sets it apart, she tells the Daily Mail.
Advertisement
And this isn't just the foodie in me talking. Most ingredients tend to have a fairly static nutritional profile.
Meat and fish will be high in protein, while fruit is high in carbs, for instance. But the nutritional content of dairy varies hugely depending on what form it's in, making it a massively versatile addition to the diet.
For example, 100g of parmesan contains about 30g of fat, 36g of protein and 1g of carbs, while quark, a cream cheese made by straining yogurt, contains less than 1g of fat, 14g of protein, and 4g of carbs.
AVOID DAIRY...AT YOUR PERIL
Almost half of young people today believe they are intolerant to cow's milk.
The figure was shown up in a British Nutrition Foundation survey of 16- to 24-year-olds.
Only one in 10 older adults said they had a problem with dairy - and medical studies suggest that under 5 per cent of people actually have a problem digesting lactose, the sugar in milk that most commonly causes difficulties.
The trend in youngsters is alarming because dairy is a key source of calcium, an essential nutrient for the health and strength of bones, especially for younger women.
The National Osteoporosis Society recently warned that the fad for cutting dairy is leading to a sharp rise in bone problems in later life.
It seems a poor diet in adolescence can lead to irreversible damage. And, on the plus side, a study of almost one million people published earlier this year found there was no raised risk of heart attacks or stroke in those who regularly consumed dairy.
The research actually found a very slightly lowered risk of cardiovascular disease and all-cause death among those who ate cheese.
AIM FOR A DAIRY THREE-A-DAY
Health guidelines recommend that men should consume no more than 30g of saturated fat a day, and women 20g.
The good news is that these are generous allowances in terms of enjoying dairy produce.
That doesn't mean you can drown yourself in a river of double cream, and you still need to watch out for treats such as those innocent-looking chicken kievs with half a pack of butter concealed within their breadcrumbed breasts.
But if you are looking to lose weight, it might be that you need to look at your penchant for takeaways and sausages, cakes and croissants, rather than trying to cut out fat by limiting your dairy intake.
I find the most helpful way of including the right amount of dairy in my daily diet is to treat it as I do my five-a-day veg and fruit, by aiming for three-a-day of different types.
This changes from one day to the next, so a portion can be a 150g pot of yogurt, a 20g to 30g hunk of cheese or a 200ml glass of milk.
With this in mind, in my new book The Modern Dairy, I have devised delicious recipes that harness the power of dairy, but all of them keep saturated fat to well within the lower limit of a woman's recommended daily intake. The majority of the dishes have no more than half that amount.
And if you do have a lactose intolerance, I've included a number of dairy recipes that will be OK for you, too. So what are you waiting for, let's get cooking!
EAT FAT GET THIN
If you're watching your waistline, a good dessert or snack idea is a "healthy" low-fat yogurt, right?
Well, no. Low-fat yogurt is made by removing butterfat and all the micro-nutrients it contains, and replacing it with added sugar, which has little nutritional value.
They are "empty" calories; energy without goodness.
A recent Spanish study found that people who ate at least one small 125g pot of full-fat yogurt a day were 19 per cent less likely to be obese compared to those didn't.
However, eating low-fat yogurt did not appear to have any impact on the risk of obesity.
Experts believe this may be due to the extra sugar added to low-fat versions.
By Scott T. Sterling
Music fans without tickets for this year's massive Austin City Limits festival fret not. The fest will be live streaming sets from a wide variety of bands all weekend long.
Related: Flea Shuts Down Red Hot Chili Peppers Retirement Rumors
Among the acts set to be featured on the live stream include Red Hot Chili Peppers, Gorillaz, Portugal. the Man, Danny Brown, Tove Lo, the Brothers Osborne, Ryan Adams and more.
Sadly, two of the biggest names on the bill—JAY-Z and the Killers—will not be a part of the live stream.
See the complete lineup and watch ACL 2017 below.
Friday, October 6
Channel 1
2:05pm — Asleep at the Wheel
3:10pm — Mutemath
4:15pm — Crystal Castles
5:15pm — Lukas Nelson & Promise of the Real
6:15pm — Royal Blood
7:20pm — Ryan Adams
8:30pm — Foster the People
Channel 2
2:05pm — MISSIO
3:05pm — Sandy (Alex G)
5:05pm — Andrew McMahon in the Wilderness
6:05pm — Hamilton Leithauser
7:05pm — Vulfpeck
8:05pm — The Revivalists
Saturday, October 7
Channel 1
2:05pm— MUNA
2:55pm — A$AP Ferg
4:00pm — Joseph
5:00pm — LIVE
6:05pm — Cut Copy
7:10pm — Spoon
8:15pm — Red Hot Chili Peppers
Channel 2
2:05pm — Welles
3:00pm — DREAMCAR
4:00pm — Benjamin Booker
5:05pm — Cody Jinks
6:05pm — Angel Olsen
7:05pm — Tove Lo
8:05pm — The Black Angels
Sunday, October 8
Channel 1
2:05pm — Middle Kids
3:15pm — Brothers Osborne
4:20pm — Milky Chance
5:25pm — The Growlers
6:30pm — Run the Jewels
7:35pm — Portugal.the Man
Channel 2
2:05pm — Amy Shark
2:50pm — Sam Dew
3:50pm — Danny Brown
4:50pm — D.R.A.M.
5:50pm — Louis the Child
6:50pm — First Aid Kit
7:50pm — The Head and the Heart
8:50pm — Gorillaz
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws Pause
0:41 Cal Poly Rose Parade float heads to Pasadena under the cover of darkness
0:07 Timelapse video: Watch Cal Poly students decorate their 2017 Rose Parade float
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
1:11 How the Paso Robles Police Department is using body cameras
0:44 How an officer can tell whether a driver is stoned
2:02 SLO County shelter pup Sugar Bear has wheels to get around. Watch her go.
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
0:46 Nephew shares memories of David Fear, who died in Grover Beach dog attack
Gerbrand van Heerden has been appointed CFO of zinc-focused base metals company Trevali, taking over from outgoing CFO Anna Ladd-Kruger, effective June 1.
“Van Heerden's extensive base metals and finance experience will provide a solid foundation to the company as it continues to evolve into a global, midtier miner,” CEO Mark Cruise said in a statement on Thursday.
Advertisement
Van Heerden is a chartered accountant and has more than 18 years' experience in various senior management roles in the mining industry.
He initially joined Trevali when it bought out an 80% stake in the Rosh Pinah mine, in Namibia, and a 90% interest in the Perkoa mine, in Burkina Faso, in 2017.
Urban warfare takes heavy civilian toll in Syria, Iraq, Yemen -ICRC
GENEVA, June 14 Urban warfare is taking root in conflicts across the Middle East, with five times more civilians in Syria and Iraq killed in cities than in rural areas over the past three years, the International Committee of the Red Cross said on Wednesday.
The State Council's former secretary general Wael Shalaby was found dead on Sunday evening after allegedly committing suicide while in custody, sources inside the State Council told Daily News Egypt on Monday.
Sayed Behari, the lawyer of the State Council's former secretary general, told Daily News Egypt that Shalaby was being held in the headquarters of the Administrative Control Authority (ACA) when he died. The reasons behind Shalaby's death, the lawyer added, are still unknown; however, his client told him the night before his death that if he can commit suicide, he would.
“No one can at this point confirm the cause of death, whether it was suicide or murder,” Behari said, adding that he is waiting on the autopsy report and the prosecution's investigation. Nevertheless, he said that there were many people who may have wanted Shalaby dead in order to hide evidence of corruption.
“On Saturday and following the resignation of Shalaby from his position as a secretary general of the State Council, he was arrested and brought to the ACA where he was subjected to heavy interrogations that deprived him of sleep for nearly 40 hours,” the lawyer said. “He was in a very poor psychological state.”
The night prior to his death Shalaby had complained to his lawyer about the way in which he was arrested. He said the arrest was illegal because the prosecution had not issued an arrest warrant. “Shalaby was depressed because his arrest was degrading, which is when he told me he would commit suicide if he could,” the lawyer said.
He told his lawyer that he wished he had the opportunity to turn himself in to the authorities, rather than being arrested in such a humiliating way.
Behari stands by the claim that the arrest was illegal. He said he delivered a memorandum to the authorities saying that the arrest was void without a warrant. Shalaby had been arrested in December over bribery allegations, and was being held in custody pending investigations.
Shortly after news broke about Shalaby's suicide, the prosecutor general announced that a media gag would be placed on the court case in which the secretary general was involved.
On Saturday, the State Council's administrative board held a meeting in which they unanimously accepted Shalaby's resignation as secretary general, according to a statement issued by the council.
According to a statement issued by the ACA, the State Council's secretary general was arrested on the back of a financial bribery case. The council's purchasing official Gamal El-Laban is a defendant in the case, along with two other businesspeople.
NRG Energy's GenOn unit files for bankruptcy
WILMINGTON, Del., June 14 NRG Energy Inc's GenOn business filed for bankruptcy on Wednesday with an agreement with bondholders to cut $1.75 billion of its debt and restructure the power generator as a standalone business, according to a securities filing.
The deal between the European Union and Turkey exposes the mendacity of European policy with regard to the so-called refugee crisis. The deal is being presented as a success. The reality is anything but. The agreement stipulates that for every Syrian who legally enters Turkey and continues on to the EU, another refugee who has illegally entered the EU will be sent back to Turkey — so far, so good.
In reality, numbers collected by the European Commission show the deal is not working at all. Since going into effect, some 12,500 immigrants have entered the EU from Turkey, yet only about 2,100 illegal immigrants have been sent back to Turkey during that same period.
Clearly stated: Rather than the agreed upon 1-to-1 rule, the EU has taken in six times as many people as it has sent back to Turkey. The blame lies, however, not in Ankara but in Brussels. The EU is simply unable to process the sheer number of cases piling up in camps on the Greek isles in the Aegean Sea.
The borders are not sealed
But Turkey has failed to uphold its end of the deal as well. As of January 2018, the EU had transferred some €3 billion ($3.7 billion) to Turkey. In return, Turkey was obliged to "close the door" and keep more refugees from entering the EU. As harsh as that may sound, that was the deal: cash for quiet, no questions asked — that's the way realpolitik works.
DW's Daniel Heinrich
The problem is the deal is not working on that front. Turkey has taken some steps to make sure large numbers of refugees cannot enter the country — such as erecting fencing and razor wire along its border with Syria. Nevertheless, the border is still porous. And the number of illegal immigrants moving on to the EU is going up again.
Political advisor Gerald Knaus, considered the architect of the EU-Turkey deal, recently had to admit that almost 20,000 immigrants had traversed the Aegean to arrive in Greece in the second half of 2017 — more than twice as many as had done so in the first half of the year.
The moral component
In 2015, German Chancellor Angela Merkel pledged her determination to avert a "human catastrophe," and cited that as her motivation for not closing Germany's borders. In light of the human tragedy that is now unfolding as a result of the refugee deal with Turkey, that claim seems a bit cynical.
According to the Catholic charity Caritas, more than 13,000 men, women and children are currently stuck on the Greek isles. The situation for those living in the hopelessly overcrowded refugee camps has become desperate. Just this week there were once again clashes between refugees and police at the Moria refugee camp on Lesbos.
The situation in Turkey does not appear to be much better. Human rights organizations regularly report that Turkish soldiers even shoot at refugees at the border.
More money instead of an alternative plan
Rather than improving the humanitarian situation that refugees find themselves in, Merkel and her European colleagues have, over the past two years, chosen instead to do everything possible to ensure that their suffering stays beyond Europe's borders — beyond the focus of news cameras.
Despite its glaring shortcomings, no one in Brussels, Berlin or Athens seems to be working on any serious alternative to the failing refugee deal. Quite the opposite: This week the European Commission signed off on another €3 billion payment to Turkey. By the end of the year, the EU will have paid Turkey a total of €6 billion to keep refugees at bay.
The agreement between the EU and Turkey doesn't solve any real problems. In fact, the only thing it does is expose the hypocrisy of European refugee policy for what it is.
IN THE thick of bush, situated within the surrounds of the Burrum Coast National Park and next to the Gregory River, sits the Camp Gregory Veterans Retreat.
The 40-acre property is a safe haven for all current and ex-service personnel, veterans and their families to escape from their daily routines.
Camp Gregory was recently started by Roger Dwyer, a Vietnam veteran.
Staying at the Woodgate-located camp is free.
SPECIAL PLACE: Camp Gregory Veterans Retreat president Roger Dwyer, caretaker Kit Carson and Bob O'Doherty with ex-service men and women at a Veterans Day Service in August 2017. Contributed
It offers all amenities including accommodation, a camp kitchen (kitted out with cooking equipment and utensils), flushing toilets, hot showers and plenty of space for caravans and camping.
Secretary Daniel Spain said "current and former military personnel have increased risk for symptoms of psychiatric illnesses, particularly post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), anxiety, depression and substance use disorders”.
"Further to this, tragically incidents of self-harm, attempted suicide and suicide are more than double that of the national average.
"It is reported there were 82 veteran suicides in Australia in 2017 - close to double the amount of Australian Defence Force (ADF) personnel killed in Afghanistan.”
Mr Spain yesterday told the NewsMail of his recent visit to Camp Gregory.
"I received a heartbreaking phone call from a close friend notifying me that one of the younger Afghanistan veterans I had been supporting in Hervey Bay had taken his life,” he said. "It is something that is far too common.”
The veteran said the traumatising news was a sombre yet tragic reminder of the importance of veteran retreats and why Camp Gregory existed. He said he hoped the message about Camp Gregory would get out into the wider community so the place of respite could help more veterans in their recovery.
"Veterans often carry traumatic experiences and illnesses from their military service that present unique challenges in each and every case,” Mr Spain said.
"Camp Gregory strives to assist in alleviating these experiences by providing a place of respite.”
Camp Gregory is able to foster social cohesion, a sense of community and a sense of belonging for service personal from all eras, their families and loved ones.
Mr Spain said it was about "coming together (and) being able to connect and support one another”.
"Camp Gregory's philosophy is not only about the veteran but about the veteran's family,” he told the NewsMail.
"Bringing veteran families together enables them to share experiences and support one another, which is vital to assist re-engaging these families who often feel alone and helpless.”
Camp Gregory offers a life membership to all veterans and current and ex-service personnel and their families.
The membership fee for life-time access to the retreat is $1.
Pets are allowed at Camp Gregory as well.
Camp Gregory Veterans Retreat was under development for seven years and was mostly built by visiting veterans.
As the country grapples with a national reckoning over sexual misconduct allegations against powerful men from Hollywood to Capitol Hill, three women who accused the most high-profile man in the country again questioned Monday why their claims did nothing to stop him from winning the presidency.
It was "heartbreaking" for women to go public with their claims against President Donald Trump last year, only to see him ascend to the Oval Office, said Samantha Holvey, a former Miss USA contestant who in October 2016 said Trump inappropriately inspected pageant participants.
"I put myself out there for the entire, world and nobody cared," Holvey said on NBC's Megyn Kelly Today show, appearing for an hour alongside Jessica Leeds, a New York woman who said Trump groped her on a plane, and Rachel Crooks, who said Trump kissed her on the lips after she introduced herself to him at Trump Tower.
Trump has denied all of the allegations against him, which were made public after The Washington Post published an Access Hollywood recording of Trump boasting about grabbing women by the genitals in October 2016. The White House's position is that Trump's accusers are lying and that the issue was settled when he was elected president after the stories emerged.
Advertisement
"These false claims, totally disputed in most cases by eyewitness accounts, were addressed at length during last year's campaign, and the American people voiced their judgment by delivering a decisive victory," the White House said in a statement Monday. "The timing and absurdity of these false claims speaks volumes, and the publicity tour that has begun only further confirms the political motives behind them."
Rachel Crooks, left, Jessica Leeds, center, and Samantha Holvey attend a news conference to discuss their accusations of sexual misconduct against Donald Trump. Photo / AP
Speaking to Megyn Kelly on Monday in their first joint interview, the women recounted their allegations against Trump, describing how they felt threatened and disgusted by their encounters with him.
"I was shocked," Crooks told Kelly after describing Trump kissing her at Trump Tower. "Devastated. It happened so fast ... I wish I would've been courageous enough to say, 'What's going on and you need to stop this.'"
Crooks said she felt at the time that she had no way to respond to the situation out of fear that if she reported it to her bosses - who did business with Trump's organisation - she might lose her job. "I wish I had been stronger," she said. Crooks said she came forward after reading an account from another woman accusing Trump of misconduct, saying that this made her feel a sense of relief knowing that "it wasn't just me."
The three women spoke on Today before holding a news conference in Manhattan amid a wave of allegations of sexual assault and harassment by men that have swept across the country in recent weeks that has stretched into fields including politics, entertainment, the media, the courts and the finance industry.
Numerous high-profile men have been fired or suspended from their jobs, including Hollywood mogul Harvey Weinstein and broadcaster Charlie Rose, while others have announced plans to step down, including Senator Al Franken, D-Minn., and Republican John Conyers, D-Mich., both of whom said last week that they would leave Congress over the mounting allegations.
Holvey suggested it made sense for Trump's accusers to speak to the public again given the way the country's atmosphere - and response to alleged sexual misconduct - has shifted over the last year.
"Let's try round two," she said. "The environment's different, let's try again."
A day before the women spoke, Nikki Haley, the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, said that women who have accused Trump "should be heard." Haley's comments were a sharp break from the White House's position, and they were particularly notable coming from one of the most high-profile women serving in Trump's administration.
"They should be heard, and they should be dealt with," Haley said when asked on CBS's "Face the Nation" about the allegations other women have made against Trump. "And I think we heard from them before the election. And I think any woman who has felt violated or felt mistreated in any way, they have every right to speak up."
The #MeToo movement has drawn renewed attention to the accusations against Trump, which emerged in the final weeks of the presidential campaign last year. When asked in October whether the White House's position was that all of the women are lying, Sarah Huckabee Sanders, Trump's press secretary, told reporters: "Yeah, we've been clear on that from the beginning, and the president has spoken on it."
For women who accused Trump of sexual misconduct last year, watching other men felled by allegations has left them wondering why their claims did not have the same impact during the presidential campaign.
Trump has denied the allegations against him, vowing to sue his accusers and produce "substantial evidence" he said would disprove their claims. So far, he has not followed through on either promise.
One lawsuit has emerged from the allegations made against Trump: One of his accusers, Summer Zervos, sued him in New York for defamation over Trump's repeated comments that all of the women were liars.
Zervos, a former contestant on The Apprentice, said Trump kissed and groped her during a 2007 encounter at the Beverly Hills Hotel. In response, Trump said: "False stories. All made up. Lies. Lies. No witnesses. No nothing. All big lies."
Trump's attorneys have decried Zervos's lawsuit, calling it "politically motivated" and based on allegations of something "that never occurred." They have sought to have the suit dismissed, arguing that he was expressing a political opinion and saying a sitting U.S. president cannot be sued in state court.
TEL AVIV, March 28 Israeli food company Strauss Group reported a 22 percent drop in quarterly net profit on Tuesday, hurt by a recall in November of its Sabra spreads in the United States.
Strauss, a maker of snacks, fresh foods and coffee, reported adjusted net profit of 58 million shekels ($16 million) in the fourth quarter, down from 74 million a year earlier. Revenue rose 7.2 percent to 2.03 billion shekels.
Separately, Strauss said unit Strauss Coffee has agreed to buy back a 25.1 percent stake in the company held by buyout firm TPG Capital Management for 257 million euros.
Strauss is the second-largest company in the Israeli food and beverage sector.
"Strauss Israel continued to exceed market growth rates in our home base in Israel and Strauss Coffee posted a set of excellent results for 2016," said Chief Executive Gadi Lesin.
Coffee sales grew 21 percent to 1.06 billion shekels in the quarter as EBIT profit rose to 84 million shekels.
Sales at its international dips and spreads joint ventures with PepsiCo fell 27 percent.
Lesin said a recall of Sabra spreads in the United States in November "is being responsibly managed to ensure a return to solid performance".
Strauss said in November the recall would hurt operating profit by $5 million. ($1 = 3.6100 shekels) (Reporting by Tova Cohen; Editing by Steven Scheer)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- A Northland man came home on Tuesday and found the body of his 8-year-old son. Now police are working to determine how the boy died and where his mom is right now.
FOX 4's Melissa Stern spoke to the boy's grandfather on Wednesday.
“I drove in town because we had an accident here,” Eddie E.L. Warren, the victim's grandfather, said.
Warren came to Kansas City from Quincy, Illinois after his son called him with terrible news about his grandson.
“Our son`s son, Audrick, experienced a drowning, and we don`t have all the details yet on that,” Warren said.
Warren says 8-year-old Audrick died in the bathtub of his parent's Northland townhome.
“My son came, found his son, and called me,” Warren said. “He was hysterical after coming home and finding his son unresponsive. After that he dialed 911 after trying to resuscitate him.”
He believes the boy's death was an accident, but is waiting on a report from the medical examiner and what police find.
“Of course, nobody wants to get that call, so, driving from Quincy to here is four hours plus, so it`s very difficult, but we`re here piecing everything together, and we`ll make the tough calls and move forward,” Warren added.
Warren says his daughter-in-law was not home at the time of the drowning, and says they aren`t sure where she is right now, either. He says the family is just leaning on God -- and each other.
“One step at a time,” said Warren, “We`re people of great faith, and so God will take care of us through this.”
Warren says the couple also has a 6-and-a-half-year-old son who is with other family members right now.
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
Sixteen-year-old Murad Rahimov peered down into a gigantic space he had only dreamed about before: the world's largest clean room, kept scrupulously free of any dust or contamination, where NASA assembles and tests spacecraft before launch.
Murad's eyes gleamed and a smile played on his face as he took it all in — the scientists encased in sterile white suits; the replica of the massive new space telescope, the most powerful ever built, that will study the first galaxies born after the Big Bang.
Murad is obsessed with space. He has been ever since he was three, back in his home country Uzbekistan. His young imagination was sparked when his aunt gave him a picture book about space, and he couldn't stop looking at the images of the solar system. Soon after, he told his parents his dream: He wanted to become an astronaut and work for NASA.
On this recent day, he was getting a private tour of NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Md., thanks to an NPR listener who heard about Murad's passion for space in a story that aired earlier this year. In January, NPR profiled the Rahimov family on the day they became naturalized as U.S. citizens. The Rahimovs immigrated to the U.S. from Uzbekistan in 2010, when Murad was nine. When they first landed in Kansas City, Murad spoke no English. Now, heading into his junior year of high school, he's on an accelerated track, taking extra classes in the summer and packing his schedule with AP courses.
Listener Aaron Schnittman heard that story on the radio, and his ears perked up when he heard that Murad's goal is to work for NASA. He emailed NPR that same day, that his brother is a research astronomer working for NASA at Goddard. "I think it would be a cool follow up to connect the son to my brother and help him make the connections needed to pursue studies in astronomy," he wrote.
Cool, indeed. The connection was made, emails were exchanged, and last week, at the invitation of Jeremy Schnittman, Murad and his mother, Limara Rahimova, made the trip to Goddard outside Washington, D.C. Schnittman, an astrophysicist who specializes in black holes, spent several hours showing the Rahimovs the inner workings of the space flight center and sharing his enthusiasm for space science.
Murad was clearly in his element, sporting a t-shirt with a picture of the Millennium Falcon spaceship from Star Wars, and a line from the movie: "the fastest hunk of junk in the galaxy."
He and his mother got to see the giant cryo-vac chamber where spacecraft are tested to find out if they'll withstand the extreme temperatures of space. They walked inside the acoustic chamber that blasts spacecraft with earsplitting sound to simulate the vibration of launch. They toured the laser lab where scientists are fine-tuning measurements to detect gravitational waves. "Amazing," Murad marveled.
Back in his office, ("black hole central," as he calls it) Schnittman talked with Murad about his research into how light gets bent around black holes. Naturally, they both share a hero in Albert Einstein, whose photo Schnittman keeps pinned above his desk. "It's remarkable," Schnittman said. "It's over 100 years since Einstein did all of this stuff, and still, everything is Einstein. Einstein, Einstein, Einstein."
When Murad mused about the possibilities of time travel, Schnittman sounded optimistic. "It's really not that much of a stretch to say that we're one step closer to time travel," he told Murad. "This is something that Einstein predicted 100 years ago. According to the theory, the equations, time travel should be possible. The trick is just building it and getting it to work, but as far as we can tell, there's no rule against it."
The astrophysicist and the would-be astronaut parted ways with the promise to stay in touch.
Later Murad said he loves science because it shows "the sheer awesomeness, the sheer scale of how insignificant and alone we are in the universe. All these petty fights that people have between themselves, they are just insignificant. When you start thinking about space, you get lost in the vastness of it. That's what captivates me the most."
Now that he's a U.S. citizen, he believes his dream of becoming an astronaut is more within reach. He and his brother automatically became citizens when their parents did. Murad was at school the day they took the oath: "I came home and looked at my parents, and felt all this pride," he said. "You could sense that something has changed. They were smiling from ear to ear."
For his mother, Limara, becoming a U.S. citizen has grounded her in a new way. "I felt before like I'm between countries," she said. "But now I feel like I'm staying ...both my feet here in this land."
Limara works at a school, and each morning they all stand for the pledge of allegiance. Before, she said, "it didn't touch me. But now, yes! And I know what each word in the pledge of allegiance means. And it means, for me, a lot."
As for Murad? The rising high school junior has his sights set on going to Cal Tech, and on the Mars mission he dreams of one day leading. "Some people, they tell me to try to get a real job," he said, "of maybe not shooting so high. But nah. I'm shooting for it. I'm gonna chase my dreams."
Meantime, there's a celestial show about to happen, one he's been excited about for years: the total solar eclipse.
Murad's hometown, Kansas City, is a perfect spot to see it: right in the path of totality.
Next Monday he will be outside, watching in awe as the moon slides over the sun, and dreaming big dreams of space.
Principal award winners announced
The 2017 MPA Principal's Award winners from the Portland Public Schools' three high schools were recently announced. The students received their awards at an Honors Luncheon in Bangor on April 8.
Matt Suslovic, who attends Casco Bay High School, has a long list of scholastic and co-curricular accomplishments, but to him the highest praise is when someone calls him a good listener. And what is he most proud of? “The spectrum of people I consider really good friends.” Suslovic served as the CBHS student representative on the Portland Board of Public Education for a year and is the senior representative to the CBHS student cabinet, where he has been instrumental in moving issues forward.
Spencer Todd is a senior student/athlete at Deering High School, where he played varsity golf and baseball all four years. An excellent athlete, he also has excelled in the classroom despite a rigorous academic schedule. Todd was instrumental in re-establishing the Deering Debate Team. Todd has qualified in the National Speech and Debate Tournament and will travel to Birmingham, Alabama, in June to compete.
Ludiya Abdalla was the Portland High School student representative on the Board of Public Education from December 2015 to December 2016. Abdalla is also a leader in Seeds of Peace – and a strong advocate for doing what is right for all students. She is known as a good listener and an articulate communicator.
The Principal's Award is presented at more than 100 Maine public and private high schools by member principals of the MPA, the professional association that represents Maine's school administrators.
Student's ‘Doodles' a winner in Screensaver Challenge
A Lincoln Middle School seventh-grader's love of doodling earned her a place as one of 20 Maine student artists whose artwork will be showcased as screensavers to approximately 70,000 students and educators statewide, starting this fall.
Emily Segal is among the winning artists in the Maine Department of Education Maine Learning Technology Initiative Screensaver Challenge. Her artwork, a collage of her doodles that was inspired by her new pair of eyeglasses, is called “Seeing Through.”
More than 200 students statewide submitted images to be considered for the Screensaver Challenge. Students in K-12 can submit artwork at the beginning of the year to be selected for display. The images are scored and selected by an independent panel of three judges.
Segal said she was encouraged to enter the contest by her art teacher, Louis-Pierre Lachapelle, who makes “middle school art class challenging and enjoyable.”
“I was inspired to do this piece by my love for doodling and my new glasses,” Segal said. “My glasses inspired me to show a clearer outlook on life and I thought my new perspective could be seen as doodles. ‘Seeing Through' was made from a collage of many of my doodles.”
Segal and the other winning student artists will have their work showcased on MLTI devices for the 2017-18 school year. In addition, the student artists will have their registration fees waived for the 2017 MLTI Student Conference, and their winning pieces will be printed and displayed at the Department of Education's Augusta offices this summer, from June 1 to Aug. 31.
The Math Team at Cheverus High School won the Class C state championship at the Maine State Math Meet held April 4 in Augusta. The head coach is Joan Renger; it is the team's 15th win in the past 19 years. The Green Team from Waynflete in Portland took top honors in the State Science Olympiad Tournament held April 1. The team took first-place finishes in 13 of the 23 events, and second place finishes in another eight with seniors Althea Sellers and Willson Moore, along with junior Callie Banksmith taking home individual gold medals. Waynflete's White Team took third place in the state tournament. Both teams are coached by science teachers Wendy Curtis and Carol Titterton. Lincoln Middle School seventh-grader Emily Segal is one of 20 winners statewide in the Maine Learning
Technology Initiative (MLTI) Screensaver Challenge. Her artwork, a collage of “doodles,” will be among
those showcased on MLTI devices to students and educators statewide, starting this fall.
4 July 2018 – Paulo Barroso is offering the one of a kind opportunity to become part of the amazing Four Percent Challenge and to embark on a journey of becoming the most successful marketer or entrepreneur on the market.
One way or the other, the market these days is pretty much filled with all kinds of different marketers as well as entrepreneurs, who are doing their very best in order to succeed and make the most from their careers within the very least amount of time possible. Which is, of course, a whole lot easier said than done. Hence, you are going to need guidance that will allow you to make the most from yourself indeed.
With that said, this is where Paulo Barroso and the Four Percent system are going to prove to be invaluable to you in many more ways than one. The Challenge program is going to allow you to master everything that is best about yourself as well as your professional skills and expertise within the very least amount of time possible. And, surely, you are going to be wondering why is it that you will need namely the given program and not something else? Well, Paulo Barroso used to fail as a marketer and an entrepreneur, up until he figures out what works and learned from the best, striving to come up with the one of a kind solution, which helped him succeed within the very least amount of time possible. The Four Percent Challenge is a set of rules and guidelines that you will need to follow in order to make sure that you are going to reach the results you have always dreamed about and without having to invest a small fortune into the process too. Which is all that one could possibly wish for.
The challenge actually works and all you have to do is give it a go on your own in order to make an educated decision in line with the reached results. The system is pretty straightforward and does not require any particular skills or expertise, allowing even the beginners to delve right into it.
About Paulo Barroso:
Paulo Barroso is a successful entrepreneur and a great marketer, offering the most invaluable assistance in helping you become the best one out there. His methods are very lucrative and, if you are interested in learning more about it, feel free to check out the official homepage asap.
Contact:
Company Name: Paulo Barroso
Website: https://paulobarroso.com
Property insurer expects London fire payouts to exceed 25 mln stg
OSLO, June 15 This week's fire in a 24-storey block of flats in London is expected to cost property insurers more than 25 million pounds ($31.8 million), Norwegian insurer Protector Forsikring told Reuters on Thursday.
NEW YORK, April 5 U.S. short-term interest rates futures briefly pared earlier losses on Wednesday after the release of the Federal Reserve's minutes from its March 14-15 policy meeting which showed most policymakers think the Fed should take measures to reduce its $4.5 trillion bond holdings.
Federal funds futures for June delivery suggested traders saw a 66 percent chance the U.S. central bank would raise interest rates to 1.00-1.25 percent at its June 13-14 meeting, compared with 62 percent late on Tuesday, according to CME Group's FedWatch program.
(Reporting by Richard Leong; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
Deutsche Bank outlines organisation of revamped investment bank
FRANKFURT, June 15 Deutsche Bank has outlined clearly differentiated roles for the co-heads of its revamped investment bank to make it more efficient and is also creating a new global markets division.
A great move forward in the protection of civil rights occurred when in 1996 when the 104th Congress of the United States passed amendments the Telecommunications Act of 1934. We may not associate civil rights with telecommunications legislation until we consider the traditional goals of universal service and the impediments that communications technologies impose upon people with sight, auditory, cognitive and other disabilities.
Today, 83 years of forward progress towards true universal service inclusive of people with disabilities is under assault as the Federal Communications Commission (FCC), an independent agency of the US national government, considers repeal of Net Neutrality rules implemented in 2015. In the following paragraphs I will explain how Net Neutrality is a civil rights issue, how the repeal causes a step backwards and tell some of what can be done to stop this retrograde motion regarding the civil rights of people with disabilities related to telecommunications.
The Communications Act of 1934: as amended by Telecom Act of 1996 included many relevant clauses, including Section 255 . These rules require telecom manufacturers and service providers to remove barriers for people with disabilities. I spoke to Dr. Paul Michaelis who recently retired as a Distinguished Engineer at Avaya who has served on FCC advisory committees that address the needs of people with disabilities. Dr. Michaelis points out that “in the absence of regulatory enforcement by the FCC, modern telecommunication systems may fail to provide functions and capabilities needed by people with visual, auditory, or cognitive impairments.”
Section 255 is an example of laws attacking such challenges. According to the Access Board, Section 255 requires that “Manufacturers must ensure that products are ‘designed, developed, and fabricated to be accessible to and usable by individuals with disabilities' when it is readily achievable to do so.”
Created in 1973 the Access Board's website says, it “is an independent federal agency that promotes equality for people with disabilities through leadership in accessible design and the development of accessibility guidelines and standards.” The agency's purpose is “to ensure access to federally funded facilities.”
Since under the Americans with Disabilities Act organizations involved in interstate commerce must comply with many of the regulations that govern the national government's conduct towards people with disabilities, the Access Board also serves as a valuable source to industry. The Access Board helps businesses understand and interpret the laws, provides guidelines and helps businesses in complying to legislation including Section 255, and the law's better known cousin Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 (amended in 1998).
At this point you may be saying to yourself, “all well and good Guy, but what does this have to do with Net Neutrality?” My answer is that much has changed since 1996. A major shift in the telecom industries has been the transition of many telecommunication services once delivered by the Public Switched Telephone Network (PSTN) to delivery over Voice over IP (VoIP) based services. Increasingly services that were once delivered as Plain Old Telephone Service (POTS), to which laws including Section 255 apply, arrive today at homes and businesses over cable systems and Internet Protocol based fiber optics networks. Enter Net Neutrality.
After significant public discussion, recognition of this trend was addressed in 2015. The FCC Net Neutrality rules included provisions classifying Internet Service Providers (ISP) as "common carriers" under Title II as defined by the Communications Act. Among the implications of this move was to make the 1996 amendments to the Telecommunications Act apply to VoIP, something ISPs had claimed a prior exemption.
You might also be thinking, okay, but a civil rights issue? To answer, I ask you to close your eyes. Think about the telecommunications technologies you interact with in a single day.
Dr. Michaelis said, “Consider the problem faced by someone who is blind who needs to dial a number on a phone that has a touchscreen instead of physical keys.” He adds, “another problem is faced by people who are deaf. Many video telephony systems,” which one might think would present an answer, Michaelis explains, “are not usable for sign language communication because they don't have adequate resolution and tend to blur rapid gestures.”
Michaelis continued, “To make matters even worse for these individuals, TTY / TDD text terminals that work reliably on traditional telephone systems often do not work with VoIP systems.” He concludes, “Although these problems are solvable, I worry that the solutions won't be provided if the FCC doesn't require it.”
Just as the stairs at the entrance of an office building can impede someone in a wheelchair from getting to work when no ramp is available, so too without reasonable accommodations, the many features of office telecommunications technologies impose barriers for people with disabilities. This is not a trivial issue for the many capable and intelligent people who happen to have disabilities and who are entitled to the same employment chances as you and me. Further, without regard to race, gender, ethnicity and other traditional civil rights categories, we are all getting older. As we do, more of us will find ourselves facing such challenges. It's a fact of life.
That is why the civil rights expressed by the will of the US Congress in the 1996 amendments to the Telecommunications Act are so important to everyone. That is why the requirements were extended to VoIP via the Net Neutrality rules. These facts prove that the repeal Net Neutrality rules will be a step back in decades of progress in civil rights protections and the leveling of the playing field for everyone.
If you agree with me, there are many things you can do to add your voice to the growing chorus of support for Net Neutrality. According to the website, “the FCC is … overseen by Congress.” Let your congressperson know that by repealing the Net Neutrality rules the FCC will be acting adverse to the will of Congress.
Also, according to Whitehouse.gov, “The President is responsible for implementing and enforcing the laws written by Congress.” Let President Trump know your feelings.
This article is published as part of the IDG Contributor Network. Want to Join?
April 20 Mastek Ltd
* March quarter consol net profit 144.5 million rupees
* March quarter consol total revenue 1.82 billion rupees
* Consol net profit in March quarter last year was 58.6 million rupees; consol total revenue was 1.28 billion rupees
* Says recommended final dividend of INR 2.5 per share
* Says proposed reappointmentr of Sudhakar Ram as vice chairman and MD
* Says 12-month order backlog at 3.33 billion rupees
* Says new clients added for quarter was 13 Source text: (bit.ly/2opCBcs) Further company coverage:
Movie lovers now have an outlet in Lake Country thanks to a newly formed film committee.
And students at George Elliot will have a place to screen the short films they are making.
The Lake Country Arts Council Film Committee, a branch of the Lake Country Arts Council, will be holding their first screening March 24 at Creekside Theatre.
The committee's mission is to provide quality screenings of lesser seen films locally, to avoid the drive to Kelowna or Vernon. The committee will create a local cinema experience at Creekside – from a cash only concession to the screening itself.
Along with bringing in a more diverse range of engaging films and documentaries that are often overlooked for the bigger budget blockbusters, the group is also working with students in GESS's film class.
“I think that, more than anything, this is a great opportunity to get Lake Country residents involved in arts and culture in our own community” said Robert Guenette, committee chair. “To that end, we are excited to announce that prior to each feature we will show two short films created by students in the George Elliot Film classes. These kids are the future of our community and being able to feature them at our event is a big bonus for the committee and the arts council.”
This Saturday's initial screening will offer two films: The Breadwinner (6 p.m.) and Loving Vincent (8 p.m.) at Creekside Theatre.
Membership to the film committee is required to enjoy the screenings, however at $5 for the year, the goal is simply to cover cost. This membership will also give the member viewing privileges for the planned November 2018 screening as well. Memberships are available at the door only.
More about Breadwinner:
From executive producer Angelina Jolie and the creators of the Academy Award nominated The Secret of Kells and Song of the Sea, comes the highly-anticipated new feature based on Deborah Ellis' bestselling novel. Parvana is an 11-year-old girl growing up under the Taliban in Afghanistan in 2001. When her father is wrongfully arrested, Parvana cuts off her hair and dresses like a boy in order to support her family. Equal parts thrilling and enchanting, The Breadwinner is an inspiring and luminously animated tale about the power of stories to sustain hope and carry us through dark times.
More about Loving Vincent:
RB Leipzig 2-1 Bayern Munich
(Keita 37', Werner 57' - Wagner 12')
Leipzig got their first ever win against Bayern Munich, a victory that makes a huge difference to everyone other than Bayern.
An early Sandro Wagner header from a James Rodriguez cross was the start Bavaria deserved, but after that the hosts were largely in control. Eventually, Naby Keita made that dominance count when he put in a rebound after finally finding a way past Sven Ulreich and Bavaria's defense.
In the second half, Leipzig's persistence continued. Timo Werner — who came off the bench after just eight minutes due to an injury to Marcel Sabitzer — drilled into the far corner to put Leipzig ahead after the 22-year-old timed his run perfectly. Werner missed a chance to make it 3-1 and Bavaria's frustration began to show. A late penalty appeal for handball was checked by VAR, but not even technology had anything to give Bavaria on the day.
Bayern head coach Jupp Heynckes, who made six changes to his starting line-up, admitted afterwards Leipzig deserved to win. The result still leaves Bavaria 17 points clear at the top, but perhaps more importantly it keeps Leipzig in contention for a European spot.
As it happened:
RESULT: Leipzig 2-1 Bavaria (Keita 37', Werner 57' - Wagner 12')
Bayern run out of time and have been found out by Leipzig who deserve their first ever win against the defending champions. It won't matter much to Bayern, who will go on to win the league anyway, but for the rest of the chasing pack this is a big result. Leipzig is now within one point of Leverkusen and two of Frankfurt. It tightens the table from 2nd to 6th.
90+1' - Four minutes of added time to come. Wagner forces a corner. Bavaria suddenly look dangerous...
87' - Worth mentioning that in all that excitement earlier, Timo Werner came back off. A 70-minute cameo for the striker, with perhaps the winning goal to boot? Would take something special from here for Bayern to avoid defeat. A VAR check confirms Bavaria won't get a penalty for a handball on Lewandowski's shot. Big call.
81' - Hummels heads over from a free kick. Bavaria wants an equalizer but look well short of finding one. Not long left...
75' - Robert Lewandowski is on for Bavaria. They're keen to prevent Leipzig from getting their first ever points against them.
70' - Kimmich hangs up a cross, but Arturo Vidal heads wide. How rare is it to see Bayern wasting chances, particularly in a game they're losing? Well, it's happening...
63' - Handbags! Franck Ribery and Naby Keita square up. Both are booked for something - Keita looks to have been holding his eye. Who knows? In any case, the game goes on and things are more tense after that.
62' - What a game! Müller wastes a counterattack, then Werner hits an effort into the side-netting when a pass might have made it 3-1 Leipzig. And then Hummels forces a great save from Gulacsi! A really good contest.
Timo Werner strikes to give Leipzig the lead.
57' - GOAL! 2-1 Leipzig (Werner) The perfect example of how to bend your run as a striker. Süle heads the ball straight to Kampl on the halfway line. Kampl darts forward, plays in Keita who slips a perfect through ball for Werner. The striker has run back onside to stay in line with Bayern's defensive line and then takes the ball in his stride before finishing into the far corner. Fantastic goal.
54' - Bruma gets some space in the box, but he curls it wide. A half chance that.
50' - The half starts as furiously as the last one ended. Bayern gets in and around the area but the final ball is missing, while Leipzig can't decide when to shoot.
46' - Second half has started in Leipzig.
HALFTIME - Leipzig 1-1 Bayern (Keita 37' - Wagner 12')
Bavaria started well but Leipzig ended the half so well they could have been ahead at the break. Bayern have been a bit slow but with six changes to the team and an 18-point lead, it's understandable. An exciting 45 minutes awaits.
44' - A free kick flies over, a counterattack breaks down. Leipzig could be ahead here. They are pinning Bavaria in.
41' - Sebastian Rudy gets booked. Bavaria is a little rattled. James whips in a deep free kick but Gulacsi easily claims.
37' - GOAL! 1-1 Leipzig (Keita) Leipzig deserve that. Werner gets into the box and shoots, but Ulreich saves. The rebound falls to Naby Keita. His first effort is blocked by a sliding Niklas Süle, but Keita puts the second attempt away. Game on!
32' - Werner's cross is deep but finds a teammate but then it's scrappy. A moment later, a low cross from Konrad Laimer is nearly converted by Poulsen but he can't connect. Kevin Kampl is booked for a tackle in the aftermath. Fast and furious this one.
27' - Hummels shanks a clearance from a corner which allows Werner in. His shot squeezes through but Ulreich does enough to slow it down and Süle hacks it off the line at the last moment. Close for Leipzig!
23' - News about the Sabitzer injury from Sky is that the winger has turned his ankle. No diagnosis yet. Wagner continues to buzz around the pitch, showing exactly why he was the perfect solution for the back-up striker at Bavaria.
21' - Dayot Upamecano battles but holds off Thomas Müller, but the ball is quickly lost. Leipzig haven't really settled so far - the crowd has though. Not much noise from them. The visiting Bayern fans on the other hand are doing a decent job.
15' - CHANCE! Yussuf Poulsen gets in behind Mats Hummels after a long ball, but Sven Ulreich makes a top save and keeps out the rebound too. What a season he has had. Really impressed since stepping in for Manuel Neuer.
12' - GOAL! 1-0 Bayern (Wagner) Leipzig are caught flat-footed at the back, James delivers a perfect ball into the box and Sandro Wagner gets in between a scattered defense to head smartly home. A goal full of quality.
8' - Even start. Joshua Kimmich with a misplaced pass nearly lets Leipzig in. Marcel Sabitzer has picked up a knock and can't continue so Timo Werner's time on the bench is limited to just eight minutes. Not much of a rest.
1' - We are off in Leipzig. The hosts get us started. I remember when this game was hyped as the title-decider. Well, not today. Bayern can go 20 points clear with victory tonight. Leipzig can stay in touch with the top four with three points.
-- Surprise sub? One for the notebook, 19-year-old attacking midfielder Meritan Shabani from Kosovo is on the Bavaria bench today. Shabani has scored seven and assisted five for Bayern's U19s this season. Might get a run out today. The luxury of being on the verge of the title, eh?
-- Teams news! After their stroll in the park in the Champions League in Istanbul in mid-week, Jupp Heynckes makes six changes. Jerome Boateng, Javi Martinez, Rafinha, Franck Ribery and Robert Lewandowski drop to the bench, while Thiago Alcantara has a foot injury. Leipzig has an attacking team, but perhaps the biggest surprise is the omission of Timo Werner (on the bench). Eye on the Europa League there, I think.
Bayern Munich XI: Ulreich - Alaba, Hummels, Süle, Kimmich - Rudy, Vidal - Bernat, James, Müller - Wagner
Leipzig XI: Gulacsi - Ilsanker, Upamecano, Konate, Laimer - Keita, Demme - Bruma, Sabitzer, Poulsen, Kampl
-- Guten Abend! Welcome to this evening's DW coverage of RasenBallsport Leipzig vs. Bayern Munich. Had results elsewhere gone their way, Bayern could have had the chance to wrap up their sixth consecutive Bundesliga title here in Leipzig tonight - but victories for Schalke & Dortmund mean the party has been postponed.
Safety is a major concern in any industry since the beginning. Whether it is for food processing or packaging, manufacturers are being sure that all edible products are kept fresh and good until they are consumed. It is the responsibility of the manufacturers of the product to provide safe packings with lining to avoid spillage or contamination. It is important to remember that any item may be subjected to environmental stimulus, edible or not, that enters the confines of food while producing, processing, transporting or storage facility, has the probability to cause harm, to human beings, pets, products and businesses if not treated, validated for suitability, wholesomeness from a regulatory and industry standards standpoint.
Many manufacturers manufacture polycoated and wax papers for the packaging of food products either ready to eat or package foods or other dry or wet raw foods. These packaging papers are greaseproof treated in the form of bags and pouches that hold processed, semi-processed or raw foods. Asian consumers are more concerned about staying green and the majority of the food packagings are providing eco-friendly packagings. Manufactures are providing more natural coloured and recycled papers in food packagings with lining to meet the increasing environmental concerns.
According to the study “Asia Packaging Lining Industry Situation and Prospects Research Report”, the packaging lining market in Asia is divided based on type of products such as paper, plastic, rubber and other. The market is categorized based on applications such as food, beverage, electronics, industrial use and many more. Packaging lining market in Asia is geographically spread across China, Japan, India, Korea, Saudi Arabia and other regions. The leading players in Asia's packaging lining market are JMP Holdings, Arena Products, Linertech, Protective Lining Corp., LC Packaging, Plascon, DS Smith, Shenzhen Dongtai Sponge Products, Kadary, Ian Bicking, Green Light Packaging, Rongyeda, Nantong Xinyi Sponge, Jiaxing Packing and Shanghai Zhongfan.
Asia is witnessing urbanisation, huge investments in housing and construction, development of retail chains, developing healthcare and cosmetics sectors are driving packagings with lining in economies such as China, India, Brazil, and Russia. It was observed that there is an increase in living standards and personal disposable income that encourages the consumption of package food and various other ranges of products which subsequently adheres the growth in packaging lining. The major market trends that drive Asia's packaging lining are smaller households, demand for easy or ready to eat foods, demand for unadulterated products, and smaller pack sizes. These trends will drive the growth in the packaging lining market in Asia over the next few years.
To know more, click on the link below:
https://www.kenresearch.com/metal-mining-and-chemicals/chemicals/asia-packaging-lining-industry-situation-and-prospects-research-report/147782-101.html
Related Reports:
https://www.kenresearch.com/metal-mining-and-chemicals/chemicals/china-packaging-lining-industry-situation-and-prospects-research-report/147783-101.html
https://www.kenresearch.com/metal-mining-and-chemicals/chemicals/global-packaging-lining-industry-situation-and-prospects-research-report/147779-101.html
Contact Us:
Ken Research
Ankur Gupta, Head Marketing & Communications
sales@kenresearch.com
0124-4230204
By Emma Reynolds
The former head of the CIA says Malcolm Turnbull made a fatal error in his explosive phone conversation with Donald Trump.
Michael Morell, deputy director of the Central Intelligence Agency and acting director in 2011 and 2012-13, said the Prime Minister should not have tried to talk about the refugee arrangement with the US President.
The thorny subject of the "dumb deal" for America to take asylum-seekers from Manus and Nauru reportedly caused Trump to become aggressive, hold the phone away from his ear and put an early end to the conversation.
"I would try to build a personal relationship the best way I knew how and that would be part of my calculation if I were a foreign leader," Morell said during his Lowy Institute talk in Sydney on Tuesday night.
"I would tend in this administration to push substance down to a level where it's going to get a proper hearing. I'm not sure if I was an ally that I would talk substance.
"I might leave that to my Foreign Minister to talk to the Secretary of State, or leave it to my national security adviser to talk to David Petraeus [ex-CIA boss and candidate to replace Trump's national security adviser Michael Flynn]."
'BETTER TO FIGHT WITH A FRIEND THAN AN ENEMY'
Morell, who last year endorsed Hillary Clinton in an opinion piece for the New York Times, confessed he was actually relieved that Trump had the awkward phone call with Turnbull and not someone more volatile.
Continued below.
Related Content 'Worst call by far': Conversation between Malcolm Turnbull and Donald Trump revealed Donald Trump blasts Malcolm Turnbull and President Obama's refugee agreement: 'It's a dumb deal!' Your views: Readers letters'
"I would much rather have had the President have a bad conversation with your Prime Minister than Xi Jinping," he said. "Better to have a fight with a friend than a fight with an enemy, right, I really believe that. The consequences could have been much worse."
The uncomfortable phone call is unlikely to sour relations too much, with Australia keen to continue a productive alliance and senior American figures including John McCain speaking out in support of the friendship.
Morell believes we have a golden opportunity to be a good example to Trump and even affect his decisions. "I think that our allies can be an influence to pull the US in the right direction and I would strongly encourage them to do that," said the former intelligence analyst. "In Australia's case it's now only talking about the inherent value of this relationship to both countries, the threats both of us face here in East Asia and the best way to manage them."
'TELL TRUMP HE'S WONDERFUL'
The ex-CIA boss said the key for America's allies was to find a way to manage the President. "There is a way of playing him," he said. "There is a way to get on his good side, which is to tell him how wonderful he is. Some people have figured that out. Vladimir Putin was the first one."
Morell said an important part of the intelligence agency's job was to have a good relationship with foreign allies and compare notes on how to handle security challenges and deal with issues around countries like Iran.
He emphasised that it was vital for the CIA to be objective and apolitical, insisting that its staff did not deserve such a frosty start to their relationship with Trump.
"I believe intelligence officers are first and foremost professionals who will serve whoever is the commander-in-chief," he said. "I don't believe any intelligence officers I ever worked for would do anything to undermine the national security of the US."
But he conceded he could understand why the President might be suspicious of the CIA, after senior officials openly criticised him and he faced leaks after his first intelligence briefing.
He said that when Trump went to the agency and conducted himself badly, "morale took a hit."
If the relationship doesn't improve, Morell warned the US could see vital intelligence experts walking out of their jobs.
"The morale is going to depend on the extent to which agency officers think the President is listening to what they have to say and not only the President, but the national security adviser, the two most important people.
"If there's a perception the President is listening, and listening with an open mind, even though he might not agree with what they have to say, it'll be OK. But if there is a perception that he's not listening and he's cherry-picking facts to support his view of the world, I think morale will take a real hit and people will start to leave and it will be a significant loss for the nation."
- news.com.au
Death of students
His brush with trouble first started in 2008 after the deaths of two 10-year-old cousins, Abhishek and Dipesh Vaghela, at his Motera ashram in Gujarat. The mutilated bodies of the two boys were found in the riverbed near the ashram.
Statement on Delhi gangrape victim
After the 16 December Delhi rape case, Asaram had said that the Delhi gang-rape victim was equally responsible for the rape. He also said that if the girl had chanted the 'Saraswati mantra', she would never have stepped into the bus with her boyfriend. Known for his foot-in-the-mouth tendency, he further added that She should have taken God's name and could have held the hand of one of the men and said I consider you as my brother and should have said to the other two, brother I am helpless, you are my brother, my religious brother… then the misconduct wouldn't have happened.
Asaram Bapu's books on sex tips given to students
Children in Chhattisgarh's south Bastar district of Kondagaon were allegedly being forced to read books authored by disgraced godman Asaram Bapu to prepare for a competitive exam. “If someone opts for sexual indulgence in life, he should be reminded of philosopher Socrates' teachings,” the book 'Divya Prerana-Prakash reportedly said. “Sexual appetite is never satisfied. It renders one's life useless and devastated”, the book mentioned.
Land encroachment
The ashram was also in news for allegedly encroaching land in Ahmedabad. The Ashram was allocated about 10 acres by the State government 10 years back. But it encroached upon another 18,000 square metres.
Slapped a journalist
In September 2012, Asaram Bapu courted controversy after he slapped a journalist during his satsang in Ghaziabad.
- - - - - - - - - Advertisement- - - - - - - - -
: With a special SC/ST court in Jodhpur all set to pronounce its verdict on Wednesday in the 2012 rape case against Asaram, here are some of the controversies in which the self-styled Goodman was involved.Image: Asaram: PTI/FilePTI imageAFP imagePTI image
Noted aviator and actor Harrison Ford flew his private plane over a jet airliner on the ground at a Southern California airport Monday. It's not the first time the Star Wars and Indiana Jones star has had problems landing.
The 74-year-old Ford was instructed to land on a runway at Orange County's John Wayne Airport but mistakenly landed on a parallel taxiway, passing over a Boeing 737 carrying 110 passengers and six crew members.
On a recording, Ford asked air traffic controllers, "Was that airliner meant to be underneath me?" according to NBC News, which first reported the incident.
Federal Aviation Administration spokesman Ian Gregor said the pilot heard and read back the correct landing instructions, according to The Associated Press. Gregor did not confirm it was Ford who was piloting the plane, a single-engine Aviat Husky. The AP reports that he didn't say how close Ford's plane came to hitting the jet on the ground.
No one was injured and the jet, American Airlines Flight 1456, took off for Dallas shortly after without incident.
The FAA is now investigating, which "could result in a simple warning letter to a suspension of Ford's pilot's license," NBC reports.
Ford collects vintage planes and has been flying for decades. According to NPR's Russell Lewis, Ford is "a highly-skilled and highly-rated pilot. He's qualified to fly single and twin engine planes, seaplanes, helicopters and he's also an instrument-rated pilot." In 2015, Ford said he owned "eight or nine various types of airplanes," according to NTSB documents posted on AirSafe.com.
Ford reported on a medical certificate application that he had logged at least 5,200 flight hours, according to the NTSB.
He was a 2008 honoree and received the Legends Aviation Legacy Award from Kiddie Hawk Air Academy, and subsequently had an award named after him.
Ford was seriously injured in March 2015 when he crash-landed a restored World War II-era trainer plane on a golf course near the Santa Monica Airport shortly after takeoff. A National Transportation Safety Board report found the crash was caused by a loose engine part.
In 2000, Ford's plane "departed" a runway in Lincoln, Neb., because of a gust of wind, according to AirSafe.com. He was flying a Beechcraft Bonanza which "sustained minor damage," though Ford and his passenger were not injured.
And in 1999 he crash-landed a helicopter during a training flight in Ventura County, near Los Angeles, according to the AP. "Although the helicopter rolled over on its left side, neither Ford nor the instructor were injured," AirSafe.com notes.
Dallas Cowboys DeMarcus Ware (94) celebrates with fans after defeating the Philadelphia Eagles at the NFC wild card playoff game at Cowboys Stadium in Arlington, Texas, on Saturday, January 9, 2009. Cowboys defeated the Eagles 34-14 for their first playoff win in over a decade. (Vernon Bryant/The Dallas Morning News)
What he showed on Twitter today is sure to even make the great Michael Jordan a little jealous. Check it out:
Looks like we found out what DeMarcus Ware wants to do in his post-football life: Become a bunny rabbit.
Don't get it twisted, your strongest muscle and worst enemy is your mind. Train it well and aim high. 🔝 pic.twitter.com/Fqu2bnjPEH
We'll save you the time on the math, that's 57 inches! Not too shabby for a guy who is retired from the game and waiting the appropriate time to get his call from Canton.
In addition to jumping out of this world, Ware has also shared his thoughts on his former team, saying a couple of months ago that the Cowboys were "very close."
"They're very close," Ware said in an appearance on 105.3-FM The Fan. "I feel like the team is going up, but they just have to be consistent. You see so much of maybe the running game is not going or maybe the passing game is not going."
"But once they have both of those things going because the defense has been playing a lot better than the past years and now they have everything there. But they have to be consistent both ways and being able just to close games out."
Twitter: @SaadYousuf126
…says DSS' arrest of teachers is further de-marketting Fayemi among electorate
Ekiti State Governor, Ayodele Fayose, has revealed that pressure was mounted on him by chieftains of the Progressives Congress (APC) to trade away the ticket given to the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), candidate, Professor Kolapo Olusola and support Dr Kayode Fayemi of the APC in the July 14 governorship poll in the state.
Fayose, who stated this during an interview on state radio and television in Ado Ekiti on Tuesday night, said, “They approached me to negotiate with them and trade away the ticket of Olusola to pave the way for the victory of Fayemi. They cited examples of leaders who have done that before and wished I do the same.
“But I bluntly told them that I will never do that. If others are doing it, I am not like them. I have integrity, I am Peter the Rock. I am set for another defeat of Fayemi and the APC. After Ekiti, we shall move to higher level in Abuja. They said I am stubborn, I told them I am stubborn because I am a man with principles. Ekiti people know where I stand. I will not betray Ekiti people who love me and my party.”
The governor said that his party was set for the election and to record another resounding victory.
On the arrest and intimidation of teachers and supporters of the PDP, Fayose noted that such action was making the people of Ekiti to hate the APC and Fayemi the more.
The governor also critical swipe at operatives of the Department of State Services (DSS) for being partisan and doing the bidding of APC and its leaders.
The governor said the teachers were being harassed because of their resolve to vote Olusola, and wondered if the people Fayemi wanted to govern were the ones being clamped into detention by the DSS.
He urged the teachers, Okada operators, drivers, traders, artisans, youths, pensioners and workers to remain resolute in their determination to vote Olusola.
He also urged the people to protect their votes by staying after casting their votes to ensure that the votes count in the end.
He said, “Don't go away after voting, stay back to monitor your votes, be vigilant and prepare for prospective riggers who would come around.”
Fayose also urged the people not to ne violent or return violence done against them by the opposition with violent acts, saying, ” if they bring violence, don't retaliate. Our target is to win. If you are locked up, you will not be able to vote. Every effort I am making to liquidate the salary I am owing the workers are being frustrated by the Federal Government because of the election, thinking that would make the people vote Fayemi. Ekiti people will prefer a government that will owe them and pay later and not one that will sack them which Fayemi plans to do.”
The governor urged the people to come out enmass on the day of election and vote for Olusola.
Civil Services Examination, is India's one of the finest exams, is highly aspired and aspirants are always in search of right guidance & effective preparation strategy. Chanakya IAS Academy, after successfully organising Live Session with Rishi Raj (AIR 27, CSE 2017) and on huge demand of students, to help them excel in their quest along with the right motivation and support, is organising yet another exclusive Live Streaming session with Abhilash Baranwal, All India Rank 44 in CSE 2017. Civil Services aspirants can catch him live on Chanakya IAS Academy's Official Website, Facebook page and YouTube channel from 11:00 am onwards on July 7th, 2018.
The Academy has been relentlessly working, for 25 successful years, towards guiding students realize their dreams and move ahead with a focused direction, under guidance and direction of Success Guru AK Mishra and his team of Experts. This Live streaming session is being organized on these similar lines, to help students get the right guidance from the one who has already successfully cleared all the stages of this highly competitive Examination. Abhilash Baranwal (AIR 44, CSE 2017), will be addressing students with his preparation strategy for all GS papers along with the optional subject which he chose, i.e., Sociology. The live streaming session will also allow the viewers to write their queries in the comment section, which will be taken up during the question-answer session by Abhilash Baranwal.
When asked about the upcoming Live Streaming with Abhilash Baranwal (AIR 44, CSE 2017), Chanakya IAS Academy's spokesperson said, ‘Civil Services Exam preparation is the toughest stage, where most students fail to get the right strategy and guidance, and this must be looked into, seriously. At Chanakya IAS Academy, we always try to reach a large number of students, with the best industry guidance and motivation from experts, CSE toppers & Success Guru AK Mishra himself. This Live session is one such effort, and we are looking forward to benefiting students from the Abhilash's experiences and relevant guidance. He has been a bright student and has made us all immensely proud. We would like to wish him and all CSE aspirants, a very good luck all the future endeavors.'
German Chancellor Angela Merkel traveled to Warsaw on Monday for talks with Polish leaders aimed at improving relations which have been strained by disagreements on rule of law, immigration and refugee policy, and Poland's new Holocaust law, as well as a new gas pipeline.
Watch video 03:12 Share Slubfurt: How Germans and Poles are Revitalizing Cross-border Relations Send Facebook Google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink http://p.dw.com/p/2tMrx Slubfurt: How Germans and Poles are Revitalizing Cross-border Relations
On her second foreign trip since being sworn in for a fourth term as chancellor, Merkel said she would work to ensure "that we have a common agenda in Europe."
"The German government will work on German-Polish relations with renewed vigor, Merkel said at a joint press conference with Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki. She added that a better working relationship with Warsaw "will benefit Europe and our two countries."
Morawiecki said that Poland is engaging in a "constructive dialogue" with the European Commission over its controversial judicial reforms.
"I can say that there is a light at the end of the tunnel, that we will reach an agreement," he said.
In December, the European Commission launched Article 7 against Poland over the reforms and gave the government three months to address the Commission's concerns.
Merkel received a warm welcome from Morawiecki despite diplomatic tensions between their countries
Tricky territory in Warsaw trip
Merkel emphasized the need for unity in the EU as well as Germany's commitment to NATO military spending targets.
Monday's talks required Merkel to balance between enlisting Poland's help with backing the EU while also being firm on EU core principles that have been challenged by Poland's sweeping judicial reforms.
Both Brussels and Berlin say Warsaw's reforms are an attack on the independence of the judiciary. The Polish government, however, maintains that the reforms are necessary to root out corruption.
The Polish government has also come under fire for passing a new law that bans certain statements about the Holocaust, which critics say amounts to a denial of the actions of some Poles during the Holocaust.
Read more: My Europe: Remembering people, not nations, in discussing the Holocaust
Unresolved tensions concerning divergent immigration policies still remain, particularly over Poland's opposition to an EU-wide plan to redistribute asylum-seekers.
Warsaw has also criticized the planned "Nord Stream 2" gas pipeline, which will be routed from Russia to Germany, but bypass Poland and Ukraine.
Neither leader mentioned the pipeline during Monday's joint press conference.
Watch video 42:35 Share Politics with pipelines Send Facebook Google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink http://p.dw.com/p/2tbpe Politics with pipelines
Rift in EU unity
In an effort to combat the growing rift between eastern and western European Union member states, Germany's new Foreign Minister Heiko Maas urged closer ties during a meeting with his Polish counterpart last Friday.
Both foreign ministers called for the revival of the Weimar Triangle, a political cooperation platform between Poland, Germany and France. Their last meeting was in 2016.
Ties between Germany and Poland became particularly strained after the Polish nationalist, conservative Law and Justice Party (PiS) came to power in 2015.
There are also concerns that the rise of far-right, anti-migrant parties in Austria and Italy could contribute to a rift between Brussels and central European countries.
rs/kl (AP, dpa, Reuters)
Each evening at 1830 UTC, DW's editors send out a selection of the day's hard news and quality feature journalism. You can sign up to receive it directly here.
Malacañang suspended classes in all levels in Metro Manila on Tuesday, March 20, because of threats of another transport strike.
Palace spokesman Harry Roque said the suspension of classes aimed to safeguard the safety of students.
“In view of actual and / or imminent threats posed by some groups, we are suspending classes in all levels in Metro Manila effective today, March 20, to safeguard the safety of students,” Roque said in a statement.
“The President has instructed that he will suspend classes even with the slightest threat of a strike to ensure the protection and well-being of students,” he added.
“For those outside Metro Manila, we leave the decision to suspend classes to the sound discretion of local government units (LGUs),” Roque said.
“We reiterate that the government remains steadfast to modernize our public utility vehicles and will not be bullied or held hostage by some transport groups,” he added.
The Pinagkaisang Samahan ng mga Tsuper at Operator Nationwide (Piston), along with No To Jeepney Phaseout Coalition, staged a transport strike on Monday to protest the government's plan to scrap old jeepneys.
NEW YORK, April 13 U.S. Treasury yields hit session highs on Thursday, pulling further from near five-month lows, in the wake of a University of Michigan survey that showed U.S. consumer sentiment unexpectedly improved in early April.
The yield on benchmark 10-year Treasury notes was 2.264 percent, down 3 basis points from late on Wednesday. It touched 2.218 percent earlier Thursday, which was the lowest since Nov. 17. (Reporting by Richard Leong; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
April 28 Titan Medical Inc :
* Titan Medical ends negotiations with Longtai Medical for sport distribution in Asia Pacific
* Terminated negotiations with Longtai Medical, Canadian unit of Ningbo Long Hengtai International Trade for sport distribution in Asia Pacific
* Determined to focus on execution for initial commercialization in U.S. and EU for sport system; will return a $2 million deposit to Longtai Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Bruce Tune holds his BC Lottery Corporation cheque for $100,000 after winning top prize on a Merry Money scratch-and-win ticket. image credit: BC Lottery Corporation photo
Christmas arrived early for Bruce Tune in the form of a $100,000 lottery win.
Last week, the BC Lottery Corporation announced the retired Sicamous resident had won top prize on a Merry Money x10 scratch-and-win ticket.
“I've never won anything more than $100 in my whole life in scratch tickets,” said Tune, still overwhelmed by the experience.
Aside from helping his kids out with a little extra Christmas money, Tune said he'll bank most of the winnings, which will help make life a little easier.
“My wife has MS and I look after her pretty much full time,” said Tune.
The ticket was purchased at the Sicamous Chevron station. Tune said he waited until he was back at home before scratching it. He then gave it a “double, triple and quadruple” check, and was back at the Chevron within an hour to confirm he had a winner.
“When they check it, the lottery machine kind of freezes and says congratulations, a lottery representative will call the retailer, so you hang around and they call and you talk to somebody from the lottery,” said Tune.
After receiving confirmation, it was off to the BCLC building in Kamloops, where Tune said he answered a bunch of questions, had his photo taken with a large novelty cheque and received his winnings.
Tune celebrated the win with a dinner at home with his family.
A group of special needs athletes in the Hawke's Bay are on a mission to make it to Argentina for the World Championships of Taekwondo.
Taekwondo instructor Ben Evans said the group of athletes has, "autism, down syndrome, some are in a wheelchair, a huge range of special needs".
"Taekwondo is for everyone and it's to help those who may need the support or to become stronger minded. So taekwondo has developed them mentally and physically."
Amongst the group is a second degree black belt, Johann Landkroom, who has down syndrome.
"His fitness in general, his balance has improved...the social skills that go with it, team work, working with others, thinking about others," said Johann's Mother, Peggy Landkroom.
Mr Landkroom's efforts are attracting the eye of the International Taekwondo Federation and the son of the creator of the martial art.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Kitchen worktops in granite and quartz are among the top choices for offering qualities like aesthetic appeal, long-lasting durability and resistance to a variety of damaging factors.
Granite and Quartz Worktops
Contact
AMR Granite UK
01293550184
amrgraniteuk@ gmail.com AMR Granite UK01293550184
End
-- Sussex-based AMR Granite adds to their demand by offering a wide range and expert assistance in London and other neighbouring places.AMR Granite is making it to the top kitchen worktop providers in London. The company not only designs and manufactures countertops based on the trends that are quite popular in the region, but also offers kitchen remodelling advice and installation services. After offering satisfactory services to clients in Brighton, Sussex and East Grinstead, it is extending its reach to homeowners in the adjacent towns and cities. According to the company spokesperson, London is an emerging destination, especially when it comes to granite and quartz worktops.AMR Granite started as a worktop manufacturer in Sussex and soon became a well-known name in the South East. With a team consisting of designers and fabricators who have years of industry experience, the company today offers worktop manufacturing and installation services across the UK. In addition to granite and quartz, they also specialize in other natural stones like marble, limestone, slate and more.When asked about the growing popularity of granite worktops in London, the official spokesman from the company answers, "Huge credit goes to our team that has managed to meet the specific requirements of homeowners in terms of colours, finishes and sizes. Granite worktops are not only extremely attractive, but also offer advantages like ruggedness, stain resistance and easy-to-clean surfaces. Moreover, granite doesn't depreciate with time which brings great returns for our clients."Confirming that quartz worktops in London are the close contenders, he continues, "We obtain high-grade materials like quartz from the most reputed suppliers in the region. Quartz being highly impermeable and resistant to heat, mould and acids is easy to maintain and offers stylish appeal and durability as well. Our team of experts assist homeowners in evaluating different worktop materials and choose the best one matching their individual needs."Apart from skilled craftsmanship and great amount of experience, the company credits competitive prices and the use of the latest technologies and tools as their success factors. Visit them at their kitchen store near Crawley or their official website www.amrgranite.co.uk.AMR Granite is a leading kitchen worktop designer and manufacturer from Sussex. The company boasts of a strong portfolio encompassing clients from Brighton, Dorking, Guildford, Worthing, Horsham and other regions of the UK. Popular products of the company include granite worktops, quartz worktops and marble worktops.
The Commons committee plans on holding hearings in Montreal, Toronto, Edmonton and Vancouver.
A federal committee is in Halifax today to hear stories from survivors of human trafficking and people who provide support to victims of what some call a form of modern slavery.
It is the first cross-country stop for the 12 members of the Commons committee, who also plan on holding hearings in Montreal, Toronto, Edmonton and Vancouver.
They are studying the practice of human trafficking in Canada, which involves recruiting, transporting and detaining people for anything from domestic slavery, forced labour to sexual exploitation.
The committee says most of the victims are women and children, controlled by violence or threats of violence, with Indigenous women making up a large percentage of victims.
It plans to look at a national plan to combat human trafficking, services for victims, the prosecution of traffickers and how to protect and support those caught up in it.
Rob Nicholson, the committee's vice-chairman, says it's critical to make sure victims receive effective protection in reporting their traffickers.
Related: Four men accused of human smuggling not guilty
The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
* Losses total 663 mln euros for 2016
* Sareb chairman does not expect profits in future
* Sareb initially predicted a profit in its second year (Adds quote from chairman and details)
By Jesús Aguado
MADRID, March 30 Spain's "bad bank" Sareb, created to clean up the country's finance sector, reported its fourth consecutive annual loss on Thursday, due to a squeeze on margins and rising costs.
Sareb, set up in 2012 to take on around 50 billion euros ($53.68 billion) in land, buildings and loans from bailed-out banks, made a 663 million euro loss for 2016. It restated its loss for 2015 to 103 million euros due to accounting changes.
Chairman Jaime Echegoyen said that with current financial and operating costs of 1.2 billion euros it did "not seem reasonable" to expect Sareb to turn a profit in the foreseeable future. Sareb had initially predicted it would make a profit in its second year of operation.
Sareb has a mandate to sell the assets it holds in the 15 years from when it was established.
Sareb's gross margin - the difference between losses and gains it made on sales of assets - fell 46 percent to 664 million euros.
The bank managed to increase its total revenues by 1 percent to 3.9 billion euros in 2016 against a backdrop of a slight recovery in the Spanish real estate market.
The bad bank, jointly owned by the government and Spain's banks, has had to book provisions against its results to reflect changes in the value of the assets it holds which has eaten into its capital reserves.
But in December, the Spanish government passed a law with more favourable accounting terms which allowed Sareb to boost its capital to 4 billion euros from 1.7 billion euros in 2015. ($1 = 0.9315 euros) (Editing by Angus Berwick and Jane Merriman)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
NEW DELHI May 3 The Indian cabinet may clear a proposal on Wednesday to make usage of local steel mandatory for government's infrastructure projects, an official with direct knowledge of the matter said, aimed at boosting sales of local companies and global steelmakers' investments.
The ministry's flagship National Steel Policy, which seeks to outline a roadmap to increase the country's annual steel production to 300 million tonnes by 2025, is also expected to be passed in the cabinet, the official told Reuters. (Reporting by Neha Dasgupta; Editing by Sherry Jacob-Phillips)
TheJournal.ie uses cookies. By continuing to browse this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Click here to find out more »
A mysterious thumb turned up Monday in a yard near Lake Oconee in Putnam County. In this picture, Putnam County Sheriff Howard Sills holds the digit in question. Courtesy of Putnam County Sheriff's Office
So maybe you haven't had the best relationship experiences. The pain that those caused can make you feel like it's better to err on the side of caution going forward, closing yourself off from the partner, or they might influence the trust and faith that you have in your partner or the relationship. Constantly thinking that your relationship is at risk of failing isn't healthy and can influence you to behave in ways that are detrimental and keep you have been having a happy relationship, Firstein tells BuzzFeed Health.
“If every time your partner is gone for a while or takes a while to respond to a text, you're coming to catastrophic conclusions such as they must be cheating on you or not interested in the relationship anymore, it's definitely going to create problems that otherwise may not have existed,” she says.
However, you don't want to not care at all about where they are or what they're up to, she says, explaining that there's a spectrum and that it's best to be somewhere in the middle. TL;DR: You don't want to assume that it's always the worst case scenario, but you also don't want to be so comfortable in the relationship that you don't think about them at all.
March 28 Mediatel SA:
* Company and its unit, HAWE Telekom, sign letter of intent (LoI) with Huawei Polska about potential cooperation in technology, financial, commercial field
* Under the agreement Huawei Polska to help in finding partners interested in financing projects of Hawe group
* Parties of the agreement also plan to jointly implement projects within tenders e.g. in the field of telecommunication infrastructure development Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
April 10 Maxwell Technologies Inc
* Maxwell Technologies announces agreement with Viex Capital Advisors
* Maxwell Technologies - has agreed to nominate Mutch for election at 2017 annual meeting of stockholders as a Class III director
* Maxwell Technologies - additionally, co and Viex have agreed that, following 2017 annual meeting, board will reduce size to eight, including Viex nominee
* Maxwell Technologies - Viex has agreed to vote in favor of company's slate of director nominees at 2017 annual meeting and certain other matters
* Maxwell Technologies - under agreement, Maxwell board has agreed to appoint John Mutch as independent director and nominate Mutch for election Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
A Toronto man was forced to shell out more than $20,800 for an 8km Uber ride, when a glitch in surge pricing caused his bill to skyrocket.
The passenger posted an image of the overblown receipt — which notes his trip took just 21 minutes — under the Instagram handle Votethehish on Friday.
It shows he was charged $18,518.50 ($20,853.78) in Canadian cash when the ride should have cost between $13 and $18, Slate reported.
"Thanks for choosing Uber," wrote his driver, whose name was listed as Hisham.
Advertisement
Uber at first refused to give him a refund, the website reported.
But his pal, Emily Kannard, slammed the breaks on that, by calling the company out on Twitter.
My friend was charged 18K for a 20 Min ride (!), and they are sticking to it. What in the world??? This is insane! @Uber_Support @badassboz @Uber pic.twitter.com/RjFihVLKIC — Emily Kennard (@emilykennard) December 9, 2017
Uber later admitted the mistake and refunded his cash.
"There was an error here and it has been resolved," Uber said in a statement.
"We have provided a full refund to this rider and apologised to him for this experience. We have safeguards in place to help prevent something like this from happening, and we are working to understand how this occurred."
This isn't the first time an Uber fare has given someone grief, with New Year's Eve surcharging catching numerous people out.
Just ask Sydney woman Skye Shanahan who was stung A$720 for a ride from Sydney's Neutral Bay to Blacktown that would normally cost A$100. Or Perth man Kris Keen, who has lodged a formal complaint after his 20km Uber trip that would usually have cost A$37 ended up leaving him A$332 out of pocket.
And then there was Canadian Matt Lindsey who hailed an Uber for an hour-long ride with multiple stops on New Year's Eve that ended up getting costing him $1600.
RECKLESS DRIVING: A 19-year-old girl is set to lose her licence in the North Burnett.
RECKLESS DRIVING: A 19-year-old girl is set to lose her licence in the North Burnett. Contributed
DASHCAM footage is helping police catch "stupidity on our roads", Eidsvold Sergeant Chris James said.
"Police are encouraging people to download incidents they catch on dashcam and provide them to police," Sgt James said.
"More and more police are being handed footage of stupidity on our roads which is leading to a number of successful prosecutions."
The recommendation comes after police issued infringements notices to a 19-year-old P-plater who overtook an unmarked police car on the Burnett Hwy.
Officers were patrolling Burnett Highway between Mundubbera and Eidsvold when they caught the motorist.
"The passing manoeuvre was done over double white lines, on a blind corner and the driver was detected at speeds in excess of 120km/h," Sgt James said.
Sgt James said it was pure luck a car or truck was not travelling in the opposite direction.
"The problem we have is this is not an isolated incident on Queensland roads," he said.
Sgt James said he recommended drivers to get more training with overtaking
When Attorney General Jeff Sessions was asked how he viewed the car attack in Charlottesville, Va., here's how he responded:
"It does meet the definition of domestic terrorism in our statute," he told ABC's Good Morning America.
That certainly seems to suggest the government is looking into a possible terrorism charge against the suspect, 20-year-old James Alex Fields Jr. At Saturday's rally organized by white supremacists, a car slammed into counterprotesters, killing one and injuring 19.
But according to the Justice Department and legal analysts, it's simply not possible for the government to file charges of domestic terrorism, because no such criminal law exists.
The Patriot Act does define domestic terrorism, and under this designation, the Justice Department has broad powers to investigate, said Neal Katyal, a Georgetown University law professor who served as former President Barack Obama's acting solicitor general and as the national security adviser to the Justice Department.
He said the government has three basic ways to approach the Charlottesville case.
"No. 1, this is a hate crime, under the hate crime statutes," he said. "The second is that this is a conspiracy to deprive individuals of civil rights."
"And the third is, this is an act of domestic terror, which isn't itself a crime," he noted. In short, the government can't file a criminal charge of domestic terrorism, but so defining the incident does allow it to investigate not only an individual suspect, but also any group the suspect may be affiliated with.
In an email to NPR, the Justice Department made the same point.
The commonwealth of Virginia, meanwhile, has charged Fields with second-degree murder and other crimes.
The Charlottesville case has again spurred a discussion about describing far-right violence as terrorism. After the al-Qaida attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, terrorism was associated primarily with radical Islamist groups based abroad.
The State Department has a list of nearly 60 groups, all foreign, that are identified as terrorist organizations. The vast majority are radical Islamists. And the government can charge a person — American or foreign — with terrorism on behalf of these international groups.
Consider this hypothetical: If the Charlottesville attacker emerged from the car and said he was acting on behalf of the Islamic State, he could be charged with international terrorism, according to Katyal.
Inside the U.S., the political debate appears to be shifting, with growing numbers calling for far-right extremism to be identified as terrorism. But that's almost entirely a political discussion, not a legal one.
On the legal front, there's still a good deal of resistance to creating a criminal charge of domestic terrorism.
"It's an incredibly broad label," said Hina Shamsi, director of the national security project at the American Civil Liberties Union. "There's a real danger of the government criminalizing ideology, theology and beliefs rather than focusing on specific criminal acts."
She said creating a domestic terrorism charge could quickly raise all sorts of political questions about free speech and religion. The ACLU opposes any such law, believing it could be politicized and used, for example, against anti-war groups or environmental activists.
Back in 1995, when Timothy McVeigh killed 168 people with a truck bomb at a federal building in Oklahoma City, it was widely described as the worst act of domestic terrorism to that point.
Yet he was charged with, convicted of and executed for killing federal agents and other crimes — but not terrorism.
The government has historically used the term "terrorism" as a general description for a range of violent acts, including those by right-wing extremists, as well as environmental, anti-abortion and far-left groups. But the specific criminal charge is never domestic terrorism.
Another case came to light Monday, when the Justice Department announced it had arrested a man for allegedly attempting to set off a truck bomb in front of a bank in Oklahoma City on Saturday.
The bomb didn't detonate, the department said. But its description of the case is similar to McVeigh's attack, claiming the suspect, Jerry Varnell, 23, was angry with the government.
The FBI's Joint Terrorism Task Force is leading what's being described as a "domestic terrorism investigation." Yet the formal charge against Varnell is "attempting to use explosives to destroy a building in interstate commerce."
Not terrorism.
RACINE, Wisc. - A Wisconsin man is accused of giving a nine-week-old infant vaping liquid.
The product is a mixture of chemicals used in e-cigarettes, which generally contains nicotine.
According to the criminal complaint, when police arrived on the scene, the infant was "foaming at the mouth" and appeared to be having a "seizure."
When asked what happened, 30-year-old Dustin Appenzeller, the father of the infant, said he gave the baby "a couple drops" of vaping liquid and appeared calm and unconcerned.
During the incident, Appenzeller said, he'd "done it before" and that "it was fine."
The infant was transported to the Children's Hospital of Wisconsin and treated.
Appenzeller faces a physical abuse to a child charge, which if convicted, carries a maximum sentence of six years in prison.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn is in Birmingham today - hours after Prime Minister Theresa May calls for a General Election.
Corbyn is expected in Digbeth in a visit which was planned before Theresa May's shock announcement this morning.
PM May called for a snap election to take place on June 8, this year.
In her speech in Downing Street, the PM attacked opposition parties for attacking her Government's Brexit negotiations with the EU and announced she was seeking a larger majority in the House of Commons.
Follow updates as Corbyn is expected to hit back this afternoon.
April 3 Peabody Energy Corp
* Peabody emerges from Chapter 11 protection, to list on New York Stock Exchange under ticker symbol nyse: BTU
* Peabody Energy Corp - in past year, Peabody has reduced debt by more than $5 billion from pre-filing levels at March 2016
* Peabody Energy - co's common stock that had been trading under ticker symbol BTUUQ was extinguished with no value effective at 4 p.m. EDT on April 3
* Peabody Energy - emerged from Chapter 11 protection with transformed capital structure, including new equity Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
By Kam Williams
Laurie Chambers (Katheryn Winnick) is understandably worried about her 11-year-old son's recurrent nightmares. After all, Jake's (Tom Taylor) becoming increasingly convinced of Earth's imminent demise.
So, she takes him to a shrink who misdiagnoses the visions as delusional and has the kid committed to a mental health facility. Truth be told, Jake is indeed psychic, and has accurately forecast an impending extinction level event.
The planet's only hope of averting an apocalypse rests on the shoulders or, more precisely, on the trigger fingers of Roland Deschain (played by Idris Elba, with his trademark gravitas). He's the last in a long line of gunslingers from another dimension who've been locked in mortal conflict with forces led by Walter Padick (capably played by the terminally-suave Matthew McConaughey), an evil sorcerer on a quest for infinite power. World domination is attainable should he reach the Dark Tower, the nexus between time and space located in a parallel universe called End-World.
It's not long before these mysterious figures from Jake's dream begin to materialize on the streets of Manhattan. After Walter's minions murder his mom, the boy is rescued by Roland. The two soon escape through a portal to mid-world where the epic battle to preserve life as we know it is set to unfold.
That is the engaging point of departure of “The Dark Tower”, an ambitious adaptation of Stephen King's magnum opus of the same name. The sci-fi series was inspired by “Childe Roland to the Dark Tower Came,” a poem written by Robert Browning back in 1855. King also credits Tolkien's “Lord of the Rings” trilogy, Clint Eastwood's spaghetti Westerns, and the “Legend of King Arthur” as major influences.
“The Dark Tower” took a rather circuitous route to the big screen. The story was originally optioned by J.J. Abrams in 2007. Ron Howard subsequently acquired the rights in 2010. However, the picture was ultimately written and directed by Nikolaj Arcel, whose “A Royal Affair” was nominated in 2013 for an Oscar in the “Best Foreign Film” category.
This movie marks the great Dane's first foray into English , which helps explain why he sought help with the screenplay from a trio of scriptwriters, including Oscar-winner Akiva Goldsman (for “A Beautiful Mind”). The final production's pretty skittish, yet engaging enough to establish the franchise and leave you eagerly anticipating a sequel.
The best sci-fi Western since “Cowboys & Aliens”!
Very Good (3 stars)
Rated PG-13 for action, gun violence and mature themes
Running time: 95 minutes
Production Studio: Sony / Media Rights Capital / Imagine Entertainment/ Weed Road
Distributor: Sony Pictures
To see a trailer for The Dark Tower, visit: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GjwfqXTebIY
The 9-year-old boy was “slobbering at the mouth” in a 94-degree car Monday when a Good Samaritan got to him, according to police in Cleveland Heights, Ohio.
When he was discovered around 1 p.m. in a Home Depot parking lot, the boy had been sitting in the sweltering black Nissan Altima in direct sun for 15 to 20 minutes, according to police. The heat index that day hit 94 degrees, FOX 8 reports.
“There's a kid in the car, all of the windows are up,” the Good Samaritan said in a 911 call, which was obtained by FOX. “I got the alarm going 'cause I opened the door.”
The 911 caller said he found the car's rear driver-side door unlocked when he tried to open it. He also said that, when the child was still in the car, he appeared upset and maybe even unconscious or sick, WKYC reports.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
“I don't want to be standing here when the parents come out and I got his kid,” the caller told dispatchers.
The caller and boy waited for police to arrive, WKYC reports. Police found the boy with his hair drenched in sweat, and his face "extremely flushed.” The boy was autistic and seemed “confused about how to get out of the car," News 5 reports.
Paul Bayer, 65 Cleveland Heights Police
As police spoke to the boy, another officer went into the store looking for the child's guardian. Soon 65-year-old Paul Bayer, the boyfriend of the child's mother, ran out of the home improvement store, according to police. Bayer was arrested on child endangerment charges. He apologized for the incident.
"Why did you leave him in the car again?," police asked Bayer in bodycam footage obtained by FOX.
"He got real quiet,” Bayer responded, FOX reports. “I forgot he was with me, I came here for a quick run and I forgot I had him."
The child was treated at the scene and his condition improved. Authorities then returned the child to his 36-year-old mother, News 5 reports. After he was booked, Bayer was released on bond, police said.
But before he was booked, Bayer may have had a heat incident of his own, police said: Bayer had to lie down in the backseat of the squad car, saying he needed a drink of water, Patch reports. Police said Bayer was flushed as well. Bayer eventually was able to sit upright, and was given water at the police station.
Bayer is a bankruptcy attorney, FOX reports.
Police said the incident is a reminder of the dangers of leaving children in hot cars — not to mention children with special needs.
“The body temperature of a child left in a hot car can rise within minutes and this can lead to serious injury and possibly death,” the Cleveland Heights Police Department wrote on Facebook.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A trucker was pulled over by police as he headed the WRONG WAY along the M6 Toll.
Officers from the Central Motorway Police Group stopped the lorry on the pay-as-you-drive motorway in Staffordshire .
The group's Twitter account published a picture of the HGV pulled over in a layby near a toll area.
It said: “Driver of this goods vehicle dealt with for dangerous driving after heading the wrong way on the @M6tollRoad @StaffsPolice area.”
The incident was one of several on the M6 Toll on Monday, as three other drivers were stopped doing more than 100mph.
In one case, a Volkswagen motorist was clocked at an eye-watering 119mph on the southbound carriageway – and claimed they were “running late for a birthday party”.
About an hour later, another driver was pulled over after police clocked the motorist at 114mph.
And a third driver was caught doing 115 mph shortly before 1.40pm.
That vehicle was seized as it was untaxed, police said.
All three drivers were told they would have to attend court.
HANOI Vietnam's government said on Monday it would prosecute protesters who last week blocked the country's main highway, taking a tougher stance against a string of protests over the country's worst environmental disaster.
About 100 people blocked Highway 1A a week ago with fishing nets, bricks and stones, holding up thousands of vehicles, the government said in a statement. It said those identified would be prosecuted for "causing public disorder".
The protest at the town of Ky Anh was against the steel mill being built by Taiwan's Formosa Plastics Corp's Vietnam unit. The $11 billion Ha Tinh plant last year accidentally spilled toxic waste that polluted more than 200 km (125 miles) of coast, sparking a wave of protests not seen during four decades of Communist Party rule.
Activists fear the mill could soon resume operations after the environment ministry announced the facility had met the necessary conditions to start test runs.
"Although Ky Anh authorities asked the crowd to disperse, some people swore, insulted officials and threw stones at the forces," said the government in a statement, adding that the police were investigating those involved.
Authorities warned it would enforce tough measures against any future gatherings in the area, the government said.
Those found guilty could face fines, government re-education programmes or jail terms.
On Saturday, the government uploaded a video confession by Nguyen Van Hoa, a blogger prosecuted for publishing contents that the government said were against the state and the ruling party. In the video, he apologised and asked for forgiveness for selling his conscience and his country.
(Reporting by Mai Nguyen; Editing by Matthew Tostevin and Randy Fabi)
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
LONDON/KUWAIT Fahad al-Rajaan, the former head of Kuwait's social security fund convicted in his home country of corruption and embezzling public money, has been arrested on behalf of the Kuwaiti authorities, London police said on Thursday.
Last year, al-Rajaan was sentenced to a 10-year prison term in absentia and an international arrest warrant was issued.
"Fahad Al-Rajaan, 68, a Kuwaiti national, appeared before Westminster Magistrates' Court on Wednesday, April 5, after being arrested on behalf of the authorities in Kuwait, where he is wanted in connection with allegations of fraud and theft," London police said in a statement.
The Westminster court handles extradition cases and Kuwait's attorney general Dherar al-Assousi told al-Qabas and al-Jarida newspapers that Britain had agreed to a Kuwaiti government request to extradite al-Rajaan.
"He was arrested and he will be extradited once the procedures are completed," al-Assoussi told al-Qabas.
Al-Rajaan faced accusations including embezzlement of public funds, betrayal of public trust and money laundering relating to when he was the head of Kuwait's Public Institution for Social Security (PIFSS).
Al-Assousi said a Swiss judge had ordered in December 2014 that $100 million in 15 bank accounts belonging to al-Rajaan be frozen, out of $390 million suspected to have been embezzled.
Kuwait's government has signed an extradition treaty with the United Kingdom but the parliaments of both countries have yet to ratify it.
"The extradition of al-Rajaan will be based on a special agreement signed between Kuwait and Britain, and his arrest warrant there was kept secret so he wouldn't leave the country, and so we succeeded," al-Assoussi said.
(Reporting by Ahmed Hagagy and Michael Holden; Editing by Andrew Bolton)
While almost every major retailer has some form of a return policy, a growing number of stores are keeping track of who makes returns and whether or not they should be allowed to continue to do so in the future. This is all in an effort to help cut down on return fraud which accounts for about six percent of all returns.
Retail fraud is a broad category and includes things such as wardrobing, receipt fraud and price arbitrage. Wardrobing is the practice of purchasing items with the intent of using them for a short time and then immediately returning them, receipt fraud is using fake receipts to attempt to return products for profit, and price arbitrage is the practice of purchasing a cheap item and returning it in the place of a similar, more expensive item.
Industry estimates put loses due to retail fraud in the tens of billions of dollars so naturally, companies are looking to do whatever they can to help stop this. Ten of the top 100 retailers, including Best Buy and Home Depot, have turned to a company called The Retail Equation for help. The Retail Equation maintains a database of consumer behaviors such as how often a consumer makes returns and for what value. They then create a report for the customer as described on their website:
A Return Activity Report is a history of your return and exchange transactions posted in stores using Verify Return Authorization. The report lists return activity information including the stores you have returned to and, for each return, the date and time, whether it was receipted or non-receipted, and the dollar amount.
Using predictive analytics, the company attempts to determine if the return is likely to be fraudulent and whether or not to permit it. This will prevent stores from having to implement stricter return policies. The hope is to ban consumers who return more items than they should but retailers aren't saying much about this policy yet.
As with all emerging technologies, there are many reports of false positives but that is something that will hopefully improve with time.
The duo clashed during a debate about privilege and Oxbridge admissions.
Peep Show actor Robert Webb has apologised to broadcaster Julia Hartley-Brewer after he referred to her as a “thick Oxford twat”.
The TV star had responded to the radio presenter's claims that she “didn't go to Oxford because I was privileged. I went to Oxford because I was clever”, as part of a debate about Oxbridge admissions and class privilege.
I didn't go to Oxford because I was privileged. I went to Oxford because I was clever. — Julia Hartley-Brewer (@JuliaHB1) April 20, 2018
In a post that has since been deleted on Twitter, Webb said: “I didn't go to Cambridge because I was clever. I went because I was a white male from a stable family who encouraged me to work hard at an excellent state school.
“That's all privilege. All of it. You thick Oxford twat.”
He later tweeted to Hartley-Brewer: “Obviously the target of a rude joke isn't always going to enjoy it.
“I won't tell you how to feel Julia but if my intention was just ‘abuse' then I'd have tagged you in. The RTs got out of hand which is why I deleted it.”
The broadcaster responded: “Yes, because as long as you don't actually tweet me directly, it's absolutely fine to call me a thick twat @arobertwebb.
“I mean, what were the odds I'd find out? You could always just say sorry, you know. Us thickies are easily pleased.”
I apologise. Sorry, Julia. — Robert Webb (@arobertwebb) April 24, 2018
The comedian replied on Twitter: “I apologise. Sorry Julia.”
© Press Association 2018
PRECIOUS-Gold gains as stocks fall after report of Trump probe
BENGALURU, June 15 Gold edged up early on Thursday from a near three-week low hit in the previous session, as Asian stocks fell on a report that U.S. President Donald Trump is being investigated for possible obstruction of justice. FUNDAMENTALS * Spot gold rose 0.2 percent to $1,263.70 per ounce by 0107 GMT. * U.S. gold futures for August delivery fell 0.8 percent to $1,265.90 per ounce. * Spot gold hit a session low of $1,256.65 on Wednesda
New Delhi [India], Dec 11 (ANI): The 14th Inclusive Finance India Summit began in New Delhi today to build consensus on strategies and a unified vision for achieving universal financial inclusion in India.
"The summit offers a platform for a plethora of information to all the thought leaders and industry veterans to debate and discuss the issues and challenges involving the Financial Inclusion in the country, " said Vipin Sharma, CEO Access Development Services.
The summit witnessed the release and presentation of the Inclusive Finance India Report, which provides an insightful analysis and an honest critique of the financial inclusion progress during the course of the year.
"Financial inclusion is not an option but a compulsion" Dr. C. Rangarajan, Former Governor, RBI said in his inaugural address highlighting the importance and need for financial inclusion in the country.
Amitabh Kant, CEO, Niti Aayog also suggested in a discussion that Direct Benefit Transfer and UPI will create a vast trail of data and will allow data analysis leading to an extension of credit to the unbanked sector.
Credit is only one element of creating a viable scheme for India's vulnerable. Therefore, a multi-dimensional approach is required to pull them out of the vicious circle of poverty, he said.
A book- 'Talking financial inclusion in liberalized India: Conversations with Governors of the RBI', edited by Prof. MS Sriram was released during the inaugural session.
HR Khan, Former Governor, RBI who was also attending the summit emphasized on the huge gap in the inclusion of the agriculture sector. Adding to the same, he said "Credit dimension for Agriculture and MSMEs is crucial and technology must focus on addressing this concern."
The two day summit divided into 17 sessions will see the participation of 90 leaders from across the world who would discuss, deliberate and debate on the evolution of financial inclusion in the country highlighting the various trends and challenges. (ANI)
UPDATE 1-Synthetic crude rises on extended Syncrude oil sands cuts
CALGARY, Alberta, June 14 The price of oil sands synthetic crude strengthened on Wednesday after the majority owner in the Syncrude oil sands project in northern Alberta said maintenance on the facility had been extended.
BUENOS AIRES, April 3 Argentina's government announced on Monday an agreement with unions and banks to lower labor costs in the construction sector, mimicking similar deals in the oil and autoworkers as part of the government's effort to create jobs.
President Mauricio Macri is trying to attract investment to drive an incipient economic recovery before mid-term elections in Congress later this year.
The sector-specific agreements this year have lowered income taxes while making concession to labor unions aimed at increasing jobs. In announcing the agreement, Macri said on local television that construction for public works projects was already taking off but private sector building had lagged.
"Now we need to give impulse to private construction," he said.
As part of the deal, banks promised to give 30-year loans at rates lower than those offered in the markets. The province of Buenos Aires will lower mortgage rates as part of the pact in an effort at inducing more mortgage lending.
Interior Minister Rogelio Frigerio said other provinces would follow the same tax-cut model in coming weeks. (Reporting by Juliana Castilla; Writing by Caroline Stauffer and Hugh Bronstein; Editing by Alistair Bell)
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set his sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of his long coaching career.
(Corrects paragraph 4 to read $2 billion is the cost of the tunnel portion of the project rather than the total cost of the project, in paragraph 9 corrects weight of machine to 8,000-ton from 6,700-ton)
By Tom James
SEATTLE, April 5 Bertha, one of the world's largest boring machines, will cut through a thick concrete wall at midday on Tuesday if all goes according to plan, completing the most difficult phase of building a highway under the heart of downtown Seattle.
Reaching open air through 5 feet (1.5 m) of concrete is a major step in one of the most ambitious American municipal projects in recent years. Once complete, 2 miles (3 km) of Highway 99, an elevated roadway along a densely populated waterfront, will be rerouted to run beneath the city of 650,000 people.
A sinkhole, a two-year delay and a $480 million claim by contractors have challenged the $3.1 billion project since it began in June 2013.
The underground highway, the tunnel portion of which was budgeted at $2 billion, was initially expected to be completed by the end of 2015 and has been widely compared with Boston's 16-year "Big Dig" tunneling project, which suffered through cost overruns, design flaws, worker fatalities and other problems.
“It's like shoving a five-story building through the ground under downtown Seattle,” project director Chris Dixon said at a Monday news conference.
Seattle's tunnel will be among the world's largest, about seven times the size of one in a typical subway, Dixon said.
After emerging into a large open-air pit a few blocks from Seattle's Queen Anne neighborhood, Bertha will be cut into pieces and hauled away over several months.
The 57-foot (17 m) wide borer made by Japan's Hitachi Zosen Corp cost $80 million and was the largest in the world when tunneling started in 2013.
As engineers make plans to break down the 8,000-ton (7,260-metric ton) machine, work to fill the tunnel with a double-decker roadway has already begun. State planners hope to have the first car travel through the tunnel in early 2019.
While the project's $3.1 billion price tag is comparatively small - the Big Dig's is estimated at $22 billion - progress was complicated by plans to dig beneath some of the most tightly packed neighborhoods in downtown Seattle.
Bertha overheated and stalled partway through the project in December 2013, putting completion into doubt. Tunneling was delayed two years as engineers dug a 120-foot (37 m) access pit to make repairs. (Editing by Lisa Von Ahn)
A POLICE officer who was allegedly spat on before deploying his taser on the accused spitter has gone through a second day of cross-examination.
Giving evidence at the trial against Zane Stuart Vinton Scells, Senior Constable Ryan Gordon detailed his version of the events on Australia Day last year after he was called to a disturbance at Bundaberg's Melbourne Hotel.
Scells is accused of spitting on Snr Const Gordon after he allegedly resisted arrest and then spitting on a second officer, Constable Clayton Baker, in the back of the ambulance as he was transported to hospital.
Snr Const Gordon gave evidence that using his taser on Scells was the only option left after the accused managed to get out of his restraints in the ambulance and spit in the face of Const Baker as he opened the back doors after they arrived at the hospital.
"I saw the spit land on Clay's face,” he said.
"I pulled the taser out and discharged.”
Defence barrier Jacob Robson's questions to Snr Const Gordon centred on details in his statement that were not included in the job card and initial report, suggesting it was because they did not happen.
Asking Snr Const Gordon if he "actually remembered” the incident or "was just making it up”, Mr Robson put it to the officer that he had changed his statement after viewing CCTV from the hospital and after reading other officers' statements.
But Snr Const Gordon remained adamant that he had a good memory of the events, blaming fatigue for a lack of details in the initial report that was written at 1am.
"The way you described it is different,” Mr Robson said.
"I can see it is different,” Snr Const Gordon replied.
"In hindsight I'd have included more details.”
Mr Robson also put it to the senior constable that Scells was spitting because he had been sprayed with capsicum spray during a struggle with police outside the hotel and was unaware where the officers were when he spat because he was temporarily blinded.
But Snr Const Gordon strongly disagreed, saying Scells was calling Baker a "weak c---” before he spat in the direction of the officer.
The trial is being heard before a eight-man, four-woman jury and will continue before Judge Brendan Butler on Monday.
CAROLYN ARCHER
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump on Friday approved the release of a classified Republican memo that alleges anti-Trump bias at the FBI and Justice Department, sending the document back to a congressional committee that may make it public, Fox News reported.
The four-page memo has been declassified and its release was expected later on Friday, Fox reported, citing unidentified sources.
* Asia shares near 2-year high * Dollar hits 1-month high vs yen * FOMC starts policy meeting later on Tuesday (Adds comment, updates prices) By Swati Verma BENGALURU, May 2 Gold on Tuesday held near three-week lows hit in the previous session on diminishing demand for safe-haven bullion as equities rallied and the U.S. dollar gained versus the yen. Spot gold was mostly unchanged at $1,255.90 per ounce, as of 0733 GMT. Bullion prices on Monday dropped 0.9 percent to $1,253.66 an ounce, its weakest since April 11. U.S. gold futures were up 0.1 percent at $1,256.70 an ounce. Asian shares rose to near two-year highs on Tuesday and the dollar hit a one-month high against the yen as U.S. Treasury yields surged. Firmer equities discourage the buying of non-interest-paying bullion, which is priced in dollars. "Gold is just shy of important daily support today in the shape of its 200-day moving average at $1,253. A daily close below here would be a bearish technical development," said Jeffrey Halley, senior market analyst, OANDA. "The fall (on Monday) implies that the safe haven bid that has underpinned gold in recent times is rapidly eroding." U.S. President Donald Trump seemed to take some of the urgency out of geopolitical worries on Monday when he said he was open to meeting North Korean leader Kim Jong-un in the right circumstances. But that was followed on Tuesday by Pyongyang saying a U.S. bomber training drill had brought the Korean peninsula to the brink of nuclear war. "The geopolitical concerns are receding but there are still chances of them coming back again. Gold will retrace but it will stay range bound for a while, before taking up any direction," said Richard Xu, a fund manager at China's biggest gold exchange-traded fund, HuaAn Gold. Also, the U.S. Federal Reserve starts a two-day policy meeting later in the day, and investors may be waiting for any direction from there. "We don't see any new changes for the interest rate hike, which may be good for the non-interest bearing gold," said Mark To, head of research at Hong Kong's Wing Fung Financial Group. Interest rate futures are still showing a roughly 70 percent chance the Fed will raise rates in June, according to CME's FedWatch. "We see gold dropping to around $1,240 over the course of May, but still see a recovery back close to the old highs given geopolitical tensions and an expected weaker dollar on account of continuing gridlock in Washington," said INTL FCStone analyst Edward Meir. Spot silver gained 0.4 percent to $16.91 an ounce. Silver fell 2 percent to $16.78 an ounce on Monday, levels last seen on March 10. Platinum was 0.5 percent higher at $929.50, after falling to a four-month low at $923 in the previous session. Palladium fell about 0.2 percent at $812.88. (Reporting by Swati Verma in Bengaluru; Editing by Richard Pullin and Tom Hogue)
March 30 Fiat Chrysler Automobiles said in a statement:
* It has increased its revolving credit line with banks to 6.25 billion euros ($6.71 billion) from 5 billion euros
* Final maturity for credit line is March 2022. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9317 euros) (Reporting by Rome newsroom)
(Adds details of F-35 program, Pentagon cost-cutting, other background)
By Mike Stone
March 30 President Donald Trump's Air Force secretary nominee, Heather Wilson, told U.S. senators on Thursday that other jets lacked the stealth capability of Lockheed Martin Corp's F-35 fighter jet, in remarks suggesting the Pentagon's most expensive weapons system would have an important advocate.
Wilson, a former U.S. representative from New Mexico, would become the top civilian overseeing the Air Force if confirmed by the Senate. Her purview would include weapons acquisitions like the stealthy F-35 jet.
Asked if she felt it would make sense to rely on a spruced-up version of the F-18, she said: "As a general matter, the real thing I don't think you can do with an F-18 or an F-15 or an F-16 is give it stealth capability retroactively."
Her comments are significant because Trump has suggested buying more Boeing Co F/A-18s, which he called "comparable" to the F-35. This is despite the F-35's status as a stealth aircraft, meaning it is difficult for enemy radar to detect. The 1990s-vintage F/A-18 does not use stealth technology.
The U.S. Senate Armed Services Committee hearing on Wilson's nomination touched on expanding the size of the Air Force, acquisitions of new space and cyber warfare capabilities as well as aircraft like the F-35.
In January, U.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis ordered cost-cutting reviews of two major aircraft acquisition programs including the F-35. The ongoing review is examining how to cut costs and also determine whether Boeing's F/A-18E/F Super Hornet, with improvements, could be an effective, less expensive alternative to the F-35C variant.
Wilson did not delve into new acquisition program specifics during the hearing but said "the Air Force is too small for what the nation expects of it."
She is the first civilian head of a military branch to testify before the Senate this year. Nominees for the Army and Navy have removed their names from consideration.
A graduate of the U.S. Air Force Academy, Wilson has been president of the South Dakota School of Mines & Technology since 2013 and said during her testimony that her nomination was "unexpected."
The Senate must hold a vote to confirm Wilson as the secretary of the Air Force. (Reporting by Mike Stone in Arlington, Va.; Editing by Matthew Lewis)
COLUMN-Yes, disability insurance really is part of Social Security
CHICAGO, June 15 Quiz time: what do the letters “SS” stand for in SSDI?
Los Angeles, CA – Bricks Fans is a blog that has been created by parents that are enthusiastic of helping their kids grow as individuals at an accelerated page. They have long been studying the effects of the Legos on their kids and have come to the conclusion that a lego table is a must for the kids of an earlier age. Those that can already play with Lego should be bought a set at once. It will help boost their imagination and their critical thinking as well.
Parents that have purchased Lego constructors for their kids since an early age are known to be more satisfied with their children. Studies have shown that Lego can easily boost the kid's IQ by several degrees. A lego table is a good investment for several reasons. First of all, the child doesn't play on the floor and the bricks aren't accidentally scattered throughout the house. Only a Lego parent knows how painful it sometimes is to step on a Lego brick while being unaware that it is somewhere there on the floor.
In addition to that, the lego table help the child keep the right posture. It prepares the kid for the future – most of us are going to sit at a table and if the child has the right posture at the table from an early age then it is quite helpful in this domain. These kinds of tables have amazing drawers that can stock all of the Lego parts that the child currently owns. This way you won't need some other storages for the Lego bricks and in case you find some throughout the house then bringing them to the lego table is a no brainer.
More and more parents from around the world have read about the benefits of the lego table and have decided to purchase it. Brick Fans gives an in depth information about which of them is good and when it is better to invest in such a purchase. There are several companies that are producing these table today and choosing the right one won't just save you money but will also help the kid grow up just in the way that the parent cares. The lego table is a right purchase for a kid that is involved with the Legos at least half an hour per day. Consider such a table for the child.
Contact:
Company: Bricks Fans
Address: 621 Filbert Lake
Email: iadalke0@yopmail.com
Phone: +1(959)-6551289
Website: http://www.bricksfans.com/
CAIRO An Egyptian criminal court sentenced former interior minister Habib el-Adly, who served under ousted President Hosni Mubarak, to seven years in jail on Saturday after finding him guilty of corruption.
Adly had been charged with embezzling public funds. The verdict can be appealed against before Egypt's top civil court, the Court of Cassation.
A long-serving official at the head of Egypt's feared internal security apparatus, Adly was acquitted of other graft charges two years ago. He was also cleared in 2014, along with Mubarak and six aides, of charges related to killing protesters during the 2011 uprising which had led to their downfall.
Mubarak was freed last month after six years in detention, having been cleared of the final murder charges against him.
Adly did not attend court on Saturday and his lawyer did not respond to a call for comment.
Alongside Adly, the court sentenced two other ministry officials to seven years in jail without parole, a copy of the verdict obtained by Reuters showed. It ordered the three men to refund a total of 1.95 billion Egyptian pounds ($108 million) and fined them the same amount.
A further eight officials were sentenced to between three and five years in jail.
(Reporting by Haithan Ahmed and Mahmoud Mourad; Writing by Giles Elgood; Editing by Andrew Bolton)
Three generations of one family are feared to have died in the devastating fire at a west London tower that has claimed at least 12 lives.
Teaching assistant Nadia Choucair, her husband, their three daughters and the children's grandmother are among the missing after the blaze that raged through Grenfell Tower in the early hours of Wednesday morning.
One of the girls called her best friend as flames and smoke choked the apartment building, the Mirror reports, telling her: "We're not going to make it. I love you."
× Sisters Mirna, Fatima and Zainnb are among the missing after the London fire. Photo / Supplied Sisters Mirna, Fatima and Zainnb are among the missing after the London fire. Photo / Supplied
Resident Hulya, 42, said: "It's just awful, absolutely devastating. One of the daughters rang her friend saying they weren't going to make it and that she loved her. She's about 13.
Advertisement
Nobody has been able to contact any of them since."
A family friend told the BBC they hadn't heard from their family members including three sisters - Mirna, Fatima and Zainnb.
Family and friends of up to 600 people that may have been trapped inside the tower block have been searching desperately for their loved ones after their homes turned into a blazing inferno.
Fire ripped through the 24-storey block early Wednesday morning killing at least 12 and injuring at least 74. Friends and family of those who lived there have flooded makeshift evacuation centres and social media with appeals for their loved ones.
Family of Jessica Urbano have been desperately pleading for information about the 12-year-old on social media. Aunt Sandra Ruiz said she phoned her mum at 1.29am and at 1.39am before the call cut out with no explanation.
× Jessica Urbano, 12, is among those missing. Photo / Supplied Jessica Urbano, 12, is among those missing. Photo / Supplied
"She was with a group of people in the fire escape, in the fire stairs, they live on the 20th floor and my sister-in-law was just coming back from work, as was my older niece," she said.
"Jessica called her to say this has happened and she was only a few minutes away."
Sandra said: "My brother and my sister-in-law have been trying to speak to the authorities but obviously they are concerned with the immediate problem of getting people out.
"They are not giving much information."
Makeup artist Ana Ospina also shared her picture online, saying she had searched hospitals and was unable to find her.
Friend Asia Phillips, 13, was outside the building looking for her, along with another classmate Georgina Smith, 12 and her sister, Kristina, 7.
"Their phones are dead," she said.
Ahmed Chellah told news.com.au his brother-in-law and his wife were inside with their three children when the fire broke out.
"The last time I spoke with them was at 1.45, she seemed calm," he said about his relative.
"Her husband was talking with emergency services. She told me they asked her to put towels around the doors. She sounded calm."
However he said he spoke to her again at 2.15am and she said "smoke was coming into the flat".
"That was the last time I heard from her," he said. "Whether the emergency services got to them and have taken them to hospital. I don't know."
Some posted information on the streets and social media to look for friends and family.
Labour MP David Lammy wrote a post to say he was looking for information about artist Khadija Saye, who lived on the 20th floor with her mother.
"Khadija is the mentee and employee of my wife, a dear friend of our family, a beautiful soul and an outstanding emerging artist," he wrote.
"Please share this photo and get in touch with any information about Khadija."
Emma Evans shared a post looking for Mariem Elgwahry, a 19th floor resident who was reportedly last seen at around 2.30am with her mother Eslah, 64. Khadija Saye, 24, and her mother Mary, who lived on the 20th floor, are also missing.
Others pleaded for information on the el-Wahabi family of five: Fouzia and Aziz, their teenage daughter Nurhuda, and sons Yasin and Mehdi.
Mr el-Wahabi's sister Hana told the Mirror: "They live on the 21st floor. I rang him and the fire had not reached the top of the block at that point. He said he had been told to stay inside, stay in one room together and put towels under the door.
"I told him to leave. He said he was going to come. Then I called him and he said there was too much smoke.
"The last time I saw him they were waving out the window."
The newspaper also spoke to Genet Shawo as she searched for five-year-old son Isaac Paulos after they became separated. The mother of two said: "We were on the 18th floor.
The smoke was so thick, we couldn't see. A neighbour took Isaac's hand and I had my other son Lucas; he's three.
"We went downstairs, but when we got outside Isaac wasn't there. I saw the neighbour and said, 'Where's my son?' He said he'd left him."
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
The Turkish military and its Syrian rebel allies will expand their offensive against the Kurdish YPG militia further east and even into northern Iraq, President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan said Monday.
Turkish and allied forces took control of the Syrian Kurdish enclave of Afrin without resistance on Sunday after a nearly two month offensive against what Ankara has described as a "terror corridor.”
"After this, we will continue now to Manbij, Ayn al-Arab (Kobane), Tel Abyad, Ras al-Ain and Qamishli until this corridor is fully removed," Erdoğan said, naming towns along Syria's border with Turkey further east.
Turkish backed forces toppled a statue of the Kurdish mythical figure Kawa in Afrin city
The YPG-led Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) are in control of about a quarter of Syrian territory, mostly east of the Euphrates River. A Turkish-led offensive in the area could bring the NATO member up against some 2,000 US special forces supporting the SDF against the "Islamic State."
Read more: Turkish-backed forces seize Afrin in northern Syria
Kurdish forces strategically withdrew from Afrin alongside tens of thousands of fleeing civilians, prompting the EU and United States on Monday to issue statements of "concern" over the humanitarian situation. The YPG vowed to continue a guerrilla campaign in Afrin.
The YPG's vow came as monitors and Syrian Kurdish officials reported Turkish-backed rebels were looting in Afrin city for a second day.
Taking on the PKK in northern Iraq
Erdoğan also said Turkish forces could launch an operation into northern Iraq around Sinjar, where Ankara fears the Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) is setting up a major base.
Turkey has launched dozens of cross border military operations in northern Iraq against PKK bases during a nearly three decade war that has claimed some 40,000 lives. Ankara considers the YPG to be the Syrian wing of the PKK.
Erdoğan said the PKK was establishing a "second Qandil" in Sinjar, a reference to PKK headquarters in the Qandil mountains of northern Iraq near the border with Iran.
Read more: Who are the Kurds?
Turkish authorities in recent weeks have been in talks with the Iraqi government about coordinating a response to the PKK in northern Iraq.
"If you (Iraqi government) are unable to handle it, we can suddenly come into Sinjar one night and clean the PKK from there. If we are friends, if we are brothers, then you will provide us with the necessary facilitations," Erdoğan said.
The threat comes as both Ankara and Baghdad have had a falling out with the Iraqi Kurds in the wake of a disastrous independence referendum. Turkey has traditionally relied on Iraqi Kurds to rein in PKK activity.
Read more: Kurds in Germany march against Turkey's 'massacre' in Afrin
Following the Afrin operation, Turkey and its rebel allies now control a slice of territory along the Syrian border from the west bank of the Euphrates to Afrin.
Last year, the Turkish military wrested control of an area east of Afrin from IS and to block Kurdish forces from connecting Afrin with their territories further east. Dubbed "Operation Euphrates Shield," it has since turned into a Turkish protectorate for rebel groups and civilians.
Turkish government spokesman Bekir Bozdag said Monday that Ankara planned to established similar governing structures in Afrin and permit some of the nearly 3 million refugees in Turkey to return to Syria.
cw/kl (AFP, AP, dpa, Reuters)
Each evening at 1830 UTC, DW's editors send out a selection of the day's hard news and quality feature journalism. You can sign up to receive it directly here.
Four and a half years into a five year Government Amerindian Land Titling Project, its work programme only 26 per cent completed.
The project life comes to an end in October 2018, having stared in 2013 and, according to Minister of Indigenous Peoples' Affairs, Vice President Sidney Allicock, the work programme will require another decade work before it could be completed.
The contentious matter came up for hearing on Wednesday when Vice President Allicock apprised the standing Parliamentary Committee on Natural Resources of the developments made on the ALT programme.
According to Vice President Allicock, the Ministry currently lacks the manpower and other non-financial resources to complete the project. He informed the Committee Chaired by Peoples Progressive Party Civic's (PPP/C) Odinga Lumumba that he would have to seek an extension of the project life.
He said only about 25 per cent of the total US$10M earmarked for the project has been utilized thus far and as such funding was not the constraint.
Minister of State, Joseph Harmon, present for the Committee hearing, drew the chairman and member's attention to mid-year project evaluation which had blamed a change in government and a retarded implementation in 2013 as among the critical bugbears. Technical and political hurdles were also identified by the United Nations Development Fund undertaking the ALT evaluation.
Vice President Alicock, in providing the update, told the Committee Members some $500M or just about US$2.5M of the total funding has been spent.
He said, apart from the resource hurdles, such as the lack of a skilled anthropologist the matter of Free Prior Informed Consent (FPIC) has also proved to be time consuming given the sensitive nature of the matter at hand—land.
He used the occasion to bemoan the discarded Commission of Inquiry (COI) that would have also engaged the matter of Amerindian Lands, since according to Vice President Allicock, this would have afforded more technical resources.
“That was purpose of the COI,” Allicock charged, and said “we would have been able to spend more time, and have more resources (on ALT),”
Lamenting time as a critical factor hampering the ALT progress, Vice President Allicock reiterated “we now need to have more technical people, more staff, more equipment.”
In his report to the Committee, Vice President Allicock disclosed that the Ministry of Indigenous Peoples Affairs is aiming to complete the demarcation of an additional four communities by the end of the stated project life—October.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Bajaj Auto Ltd on Friday reported a 3 percent rise in quarterly profit, but missed estimates, as higher exports during the period were partially offset by increased raw materials costs.
Net profit for the quarter ended Dec. 31 rose to 9.52 billion rupees ($149.3 million) from 9.25 billion rupees a year ago. bit.ly/2nusswq
Profit fell well below analysts' expectations of 10.67 billion rupees, according to Thomson Reuters Eikon data.
Total revenue from operations rose about 19 percent to 63.69 billion rupees. Exports sales grew 25 percent for the quarter. Exports accounted for 42 percent of total number of vehicles sold.
(Corrects Q1 2017 and Q1 2016 net profit numbers)
ABU DHABI, April 30 Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank on Sunday posted an 8 percent rise in first-quarter profit, slightly above analysts' forecasts, helped by a double-digit percentage increase in non-interest income.
The emirate's second-largest bank by assets made a net profit attributable to shareholders of 1.11 billion dirhams ($302.2 million) in the three months to March 31, compared to 1.02 billion dirhams in the same period a year ago, according to its financial statement.
Three analysts polled by Reuters had on average forecast a net profit for the quarter of 995.4 million dirhams. ($1 = 3.6728 UAE dirham) (Reporting By Stanley Carvalho, editing by Saeed Azhar and David Evans)
Jean Todt says F1 will never abandon its petrol-based origins and join Formula E as an all-electric powered series.
"It's impossible," the FIA president told La Presse newspaper.
"F1 is an absolutely different discipline," he insisted.
Todt said he is a great supporter and fan of Formula E, but he thinks F1 took the right path by heading in the hybrid direction a few years ago.
"It is a huge step forward compared to what we had before," said the Frenchman.
However, Todt also said the progress made by Formula E since its inception has been "remarkable".
"We have a dozen manufacturers who want to get involved, and have been approached by some of the biggest cities in the world," he said.
"Today there are brands like Renault that are in F1 and Formula E."
And Todt was also quoted by Le Journal de Montreal: "I am confident that one day Ferrari will follow suit, and we would like to see that."
BUNDY SUCCESS: David Ahmet started his love affair with bikes as a nine year-old in Bundy .
BUNDY SUCCESS: David Ahmet started his love affair with bikes as a nine year-old in Bundy . David Kelly
DAVID Ahmet started his love affair with motorcycles as a nine-year-old tooling around his home town of Bundaberg.
Now the chief executive of ASX-listed MotorCycle Holdings sells more than 16,000 bikes a year as head of one of the largest motorcycle retailers in Australia.
"I just love riding them and the freedom they give you,” said Mr Ahmet, who owns six bikes ranging from a Harley-Davidson to a dirt bike.
Underscoring its growth trajectory, the company this week announced a $123.2 million deal to buy NSW-based Cassons, a retailer of helmets, jackets and other accessories.
Mr Ahmet joined MotorCycle Holdings as a salesman when it was a fledgling dealership in Brisbane. Trained as a mechanic, the then 23-year-old desperately wanted to get out of the workshop and try his hand at business.
Mr Ahmet showed a natural talent in the business and within six months was part-owner.
"My mum took a bit of a punt on me, mortgaging her house to allow me to buy into the business,” he said.
MotorCycle Holdings bought Morgan and Wacker six years ago. Picture: Jodie Richter Courier Mail
The gamble paid off with the young Mr Ahmet steadily expanding the business to include other dealerships and brands.
"I have got a head for numbers and I suppose I was prepared to work harder than anyone else,” he said. "I have done everything from being a mechanic to sales but it is capital intensive.”
With turnover of $225 million and 500 employees, MotorCycle Holdings is a far cry from its origins. The company now has 27 dealerships across Queensland, Victoria and ACT, selling everything from a $50,000 Harley to used dirt bikes.
MotorCycle Holdings listed on the ASX last year, on of the year's most successful floats. Its shares are now double their $2 issue price, closing on Thursday at $4.89.
Mr Ahmet said he adapted many car industry practices to the motorcycle business, which is dominated by small mum-and-dad operations.
As well as selling motorcycles, the company also offers accessories and parts, insurance and operates a riding school.
"We benchmark, which involves looking at everything from overheads to what every person should be selling,” he said. "You need to be aware of what is possible and what is not. The average dealer does not have time to do that, whereas we are now of a size where I have a management team around me.
"A lot of mums and dads are not very sophisticated. A lot of them are struggling and there are a lot of traps and you have to be disciplined.”
Five years ago, the business had expanded to the point where larger investors were starting to take an interest.
When Mr Ahmet's original partner sold out, private equity firm Archer Capital took a stake in MotorCycle Holdings. Last year, the company listed on the stock exchange, becoming one of the most successful IPOs of 2016.
He said the motorcycle industry had flown under the radar for many years but the type of people buying bikes were becoming richer and more discerning.
The company's core customer is the leisure and recreational rider, rather than the bearded and tattooed stereotypical bikie.
QLD_CM_QBM_MOTORCYCLE_31MAY17. David Ahmet started his love affair with motocycles as a nine year-old tooling around Bundberg on a mini bikie. Now the chief executive of ASX-lised Motorcycle Holdings sells more than 16000 motorcyles each year as head of the largest motorcycle retailer in Australia.Photo David Kelly
"It is now more mainstream,” he said. "In 2005, 400,000 bikes were registered in Australia, now there are 850,000.
"There is not such a bikie element like in the 1970s. It is solicitors, lawyers and bankers buying bikes these days.
"I have not seen a patched bikie in any of our dealerships in the last 28 years. There are lots of people aged in their 50s; baby boomers who can afford it. These bikes are just for weekends.”
Six years ago, the company bought the storied Morgan & Wacker Harley-Davidson dealership at Newstead from the descendants of the original founders.
"This is the second oldest Harley dealership in the world and until we bought it is was still owned by the grandsons of the founder Wacker,” he said. "It had been in the same family for 94 years.”
Morgan & Wacker, which in May celebrated its centenary, is emblematic of the growing gentrification of the industry. Riders drop by the dealership to play pool, pick up the latest Harley leather jacket or arrange a group ride to the Gold Coast.
At the centenary celebration, attended by Bill Davidson, the great-grandson of the company's founder, a street party was held with a competition for the best bikes.
Mr Ahmet said he still loved his motorbikes but it was important to treat the business as something to make a profit.
"It could be refrigerators - fortunately it is not - but you still have to market the product to make a profit.”
By Annie Reuter
The Eagles have announced four new concert dates. The lineup for the short run will feature Don Henley, Joe Walsh and Timothy B. Schmit with Frey's son, Deacon, and Vince Gill filling in for the late Glenn Frey.
Related: Vince Gill to Join Eagles for Classic East and West Shows
An Evening with the Eagles will stop at the Greensboro Coliseum in North Carolina on October 17 followed by a show a Philips Arena in Atlanta, Georgia. on October 20. The band will return to Louisville, Kentucky on October 24 at KFC Yum! Center before traveling to the late Glenn Frey's hometown of Detroit, Michigan on October 27 to wrap up the run at Little Caesars Arena.
Tickets for the four new dates go on sale at Saturday (Aug. 19) at 10 am. An American Express card member pre-sale starts on Tuesday while VIP packages will be available through Eagles.com.
The four new tour dates follow the success of the band's Classic West and East shows, earlier this summer. Deacon and Gill also played with the band for those shows.
“Bringing Deacon in was my idea,” Don Henley told the LA Times. “I think of the guild system, which in both Eastern and Western cultures is a centuries-old tradition of the father passing down the trade to his son, and to me, that makes perfect moral and ethical sense. The primary thing is I think Glenn would be good with it—with both of these guys. I think he'd go, ‘That's the perfect way to do this.'”
JOHANNESBURG, April 5 South Africa's Treasury on Wednesday said the departure of its Director General Lungisa Fuzile, whose contract was due to end in May 2018, was now imminent.
The Treasury said in a statement that Fuzile had been indicating his desire to leave the department for some time, and in the past few days he has been focusing on ensuring a smooth hand over to new Finance Minister Malusi Gigaba.
Fuzile's departure would follow that of his former boss Pravin Gordhan, who was sacked in a cabinet reshuffle and replaced by Gigaba. (Reporting by Olivia Kumwenda-Mtambo; Editing by Joe Brock)
File photo: Pieter Feith addresses a news conference after a meeting of the International Steering Group for Kosovo in Vienna, July 2, 2012. REUTERS/Heinz-Peter Bader
BELGRADE Nationalists in Macedonia are "playing with fire" in refusing to relinquish power and the European Union should consider halting its accession process in order to break a dangerous deadlock, said the former envoy who helped avert civil war in the Balkan country.
A long-running political crisis in the former Yugoslav republic turned violent on Thursday when supporters of the ruling VMRO-DPMNE party, some in balaclavas, stormed parliament after a new majority in the assembly elected an ethnic Albanian as speaker, a first step towards replacing the nationalist-led government.
The events, in which one ethnic Albanian MP was brutally beaten and several other deputies left bloodied, raised fears that the political crisis was spiralling out of control and may plunge the country back into ethnic conflict 16 years after Western diplomacy averted full-blown civil war.
The nationalists of former Prime Minister Nikola Gruevski are blocking the formation of a new government led by the opposition Social Democrats, accusing them of doing a deal with the country's ethnic Albanian minority that risked tearing the country apart by allowing wider official use of the Albanian language.
Pieter Feith, who as NATO's Balkans troubleshooter at the turn of the century helped negotiate a peace deal to end months of clashes between Macedonian security forces and ethnic Albanian guerrillas in 2001, warned of further escalation.
The nationalists, he said, "are playing with fire. The next step I could imagine, but God forbid, if arms are going to be handed out and circulated as they were in 2001, you are quickly on the abyss of civil war," Feith told Reuters in a telephone interview late on Friday.
Feith also served as an EU envoy in the region and is currently a senior diplomatic adviser at the European Institute of Peace, which supports EU mediation and conflict-resolution efforts.
The Dutch diplomat suggested the EU, which has lost diplomatic leverage across the Balkans due to an increasingly apparent reluctance to expand further into the region, was considering sanctions.
"There is also perhaps room for sanctions, some form of travel ban or financial measures directed specifically against the leadership of VMRO," Feith said.
Asked if he was advocating sanctions or if they were being considered by the EU, Feith replied: "I think the latter."
"DRAW A LINE"
A spokeswoman for the EU could not immediately be reached for comment, but German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel also hinted at possible punishment, telling reporters in Malta: "We are sending clear signals ... but of course there a lot of other measures which we hope don't have to be launched."
The EU's leverage in Macedonia and across the Balkans has been diminished by the bloc's waning enthusiasm for enlargement, the promise of which had helped stabilise and reform the region after the bloody breakup of socialist Yugoslavia.
Feith said Gruevski's nationalists were "simply not listening."
"Are we going to continue this charade or are we going to draw a line and say that the accession process has ended or is about to end? That's the question that I think needs to be faced," he said.
Social Democrat leader Zoran Zaev, who heads the new parliamentary majority and was hurt during Thursday's violence, said on Friday he expected the new speaker, former guerrilla Talat Xhaferi, to assume his duties and notify the president of the new majority.
President Gjorge Ivanov, an ally of Gruevski, has so far refused to give Zaev the mandate to form a government.
The VMRO narrowly won a snap election in December, held under a deal to end two years of political crisis triggered by a wiretap scandal that appeared to expose widespread abuse of office.
But Gruevski, who was accused by critics of becoming increasingly autocratic during a decade in power, failed to revive a coalition deal with the largest ethnic Albanian party, which threw its support behind Zaev instead.
(Additional reporting by Gabriela Baczynska in Valletta; writing by Matt Robinson; editing by Jonathan Oatis)
Ex-Luton Town duo Gary Brabin and Lee Nogan have joined new manager Neil Aspin's backroom staff at Hatters' League Two rivals Port Vale.
Brabin, 46, was in charge at Kenilworth Road for just over a year, leaving in March 2012, and has been manager of Southport and Tranmere since, before scouting for Sunderland recently.
Meanwhile, Nogan, who played 11 times for Luton, scoring twice, had been Aspin's assistant at Halifax and Gateshead prior to his arrival at Vale Park.
On bringing in the pair, Aspin said: “From speaking to the chairman originally I think he wanted a clean break anyway with the previous regime. But I think any manager who comes in wants to bring in his own staff if that is possible.
“I wanted to have a balance of people. You can't have everyone being a disciplinarian, you have to have a mixture. We have two people with good coaching credentials and they will help to get the team organised in the way I want to play.
“When you come into a club the players are looking for direction, they are looking at me and they are looking at the staff. They are judging us as well. They are looking at us and saying can we deliver?
“As well as they have to impress us on the pitch, we have to impress them. We have to show that we are professional and that we know what we are doing.”
Chia seeds are a source of enormous energy and endurance. They are primarily grown in Mexico, Guatemala, Australia and Argentina for commercial consumption. Asia- Pacific is chia seed's industry target market which is expected to grow immensely in foreseeable future. Seed Industry Analysis Research Reports Chia seeds have been excessively used these days in breads, oatmeal, puddings and many more items that are sold in hypermarket due to its nutritional value such as omega-3 fatty acid, proteins and fibres. According to global chia seeds market, black chia seed market generates higher revenue than white chia seeds due to presence of high anti-oxidant.
Benefits: No Regrets Just Vigor Health
Chia seeds have many crucial nutrients and eating it regularly can ameliorate functioning of the body. For Instance:
• Skin and Aging: Chia seeds are one of the high anti-oxidant foods that help to prevent premature aging caused due to inflammation and works rapidly on skin repair system.
• Digestive Health: Chia seeds naturally balance blood sugar due to its healthy fats and high fibre content. It absorbs considerable amount of water which immediately start working on stomach and therefore helps in bowel regularity, healthy stool, curbs hunger and decrease appetite which in turn leads to weight loss. Chia seeds are suggested by most gym trainers for naturally reducing weight and healthy body.
• Heart Health: Chia seeds are extremely beneficial for heart health as they regulate cholesterol, lower blood pressure, reverse inflammation and oxidative stress and most importantly develop atherosclerosis if consumed daily. This extraordinary natural attribute keeps consumer's heart healthy.
• Treat diabetes: Diabetes is one of the most widespread diseases in today's world and chia seeds have come to rescue as they prevent human body from the factor responsible for development of disease that is dyslipidemia (excessive fat in blood) and insulin resistance.
• Boost energy and metabolism: Visceral adipose (“Belly Fat”) tissue affects metabolism and is a factor responsible for obesity which Chia seeds reduce if eaten regularly and therefore boost energy.
• Fight Breast and Cervical Cancer: Breast and cervical cancer is most detected in women these days and has very rare chances of being cured properly even after tons of treatment and medication whereas chia seeds which is rich in omega-3 fatty acid naturally kills cancer causing cells from the body without harming the healthy ones.
Amongst the entire developed nation Seed Industry Analysis states that Europe is expected to show significant and prosperous growth in chia seeds global market. In terms of segmentation on the basis of usage, Food and beverage holds a prominent revenue share as it is used for the preparation of cereals, protein bars, snacks, bakery and other products. Leading players of the market such as Glanbia Nutritionals, Mamma Chia, Nutiva Inc, and spectrum organic products are increasing their investment in chia seeds to expand their market and sell diversified product through business strategies. One of the market leader Benexia opened research centre in Europe to advise customer about the proper usage of chia seeds in its various application. Growing trend of healthy lifestyle and diet has made huge contribution towards increasing demand of chia seeds globally and its diversified application. Therefore Chai seed global industry has potential to be termed as highest revenue earning seeds industry.
To know more, click on the link below:
https://www.kenresearch.com/agriculture-and-animal-care/seed/SC-104-20.html
Related Reports:
https://www.kenresearch.com/agriculture-and-animal-care/seed/germany-seed-market-research-report/142314-104.html
Contact Us:
Ken Research
Ankur Gupta, Head Marketing & Communications
sales@kenresearch.com
+91-9015378249
An “ambitious” vision to grow London Luton Airport over 30 years has been revealed by owner London Luton Airport Ltd (LLAL) as part of Luton Council's £1.5bn investment programme.
Luton Council is LLAL's sole shareholder and airport growth is crucial to the authority's 20-year ‘Luton Investment Framework' – a plan which hopes to attact £1.5bn in investment to Luton and create 18,500 new jobs along with other opportunities for residents.
Cllr Andy Malcolm, chair of LLAL and Luton Council's portfolio holder for finance, said: “London Luton Airport is a huge success story. On the back of 44 consecutive months of passenger growth, it is the fifth largest and fastest growing major airport in the UK, sustaining an estimated 33,000 jobs across the region, and contributing more than £1.5bn per year into the UK economy.
“The airport's growth has been so fast in fact that at its current rate it is due to reach the current permitted capacity of 18 mppa in 2021.”
For each additional one million passengers travelling through London Luton Airport every year, there is an increase of up to 800 new jobs and a £76m uplift for the regional economy, estimates from Oxford Economics suggest.
Nationally, demand for flying is showing a projected shortfall of 60 million passengers per year in UK airports by 2050.
Cllr Malcolm added: “There is now a vital need to plan for London Luton Airport's long-term future, to ensure the regional economy can enjoy the benefits of this through inclusive growth and to help meet demand for UK aviation.
“At the same time, we are acutely aware of the consequences of having an international airport on the doorstep. Our commitment is to bring forward not only a more modern and efficient but also an environmentally and socially responsible London Luton Airport.”
LLAL has begun to develop its plans with some environmental policies in place, new best-in-class air quality monitoring has been commissioned.
However, LLAL acknowledged that more work is needed to tackle the negative impacts on climate change and the environment associated with airport expansion.
The company stated: “Ahead of any future expansion work, we will develop a comprehensive strategy to reduce where possible carbon emissions associated with additional construction and operation of LTN.”
Construction is due to start next year on the £225m passenger transfer service Luton DART (Direct Air to Rail Transit) which promises to slash journey times from Luton Airport Parkway to the terminal to three minutes.
Under the London Luton Airport (LTN) Vision for Sustainable Growth 2020-2050, passenger capacity would go from 18 million to 36-38 mppa, and the airport would accommodate 240,000 annual air traffic movements.
Growth at the airport would be achieved by making the best use possible of LTN's existing, single runway.
Through LLAL, London Luton Airport generates significant direct income for Luton Council, contributing £25.6m for vital services and infrastructure investment in 2016/17.
In addition, more than £120m has been provided since 2004 to local charities, community and voluntary organisations in Luton and communities affected by airport operations.
Leader of Luton Council Cllr Hazel Simmons added: “The past few years have been financially challenging for many people. To meet some of these challenges we have been working hard to bring more money and opportunities into the town to improve people's lives.
“LLAL is working with us as a key partner in delivering the Luton Investment Framework, and it is clear that the airport cannot stand still if it is to pull its weight for Luton and for the UK and sub-regional economies.”
There is now a lot of work to do as LLAL's technical team considers the airport's medium to long-term capacity within its particular constraints, and the immediate result will be a draft masterplan for how this can be achieved.
LLAL is committed to a full, robust and thorough approach to engagement with residents and communities, and will begin consulting on the masterplan in mid-2018.
The likely outcome is that LLAL will need to submit an application for a Development Consent Order to the national Planning Inspectorate, as it would be considered a Nationally Significant Infrastructure Project.
Cllr Malcolm said: “Our vision is to make the best use of the existing runway to provide the maximum benefit to the local and sub-regional economy, deliver good levels of service to all the airport's customers and to actively manage environmental impacts at the local and wider levels in line with our commitment to responsible and sustainable development.
“To be clear, we will not be proposing either a second or an extended runway.
“We will invest all necessary time and resource to carefully consider all the infrastructure, access and environmental protection issues with neighbouring authorities, regulators and the wider community.
“We will work tirelessly to keep everyone informed of developments and proposals as soon as they emerge, and make sure everyone has an opportunity to feed into the process and provide comments which will be very carefully considered at every step on this important journey.”
The London Luton Airport Vision for Sustainable Growth 2020-2050 is available to view online at www.llal.org.uk
LLAL's aim is to secure consent within four years, and will have more details available next year. In the meantime, comments or questions can be sent to vision2050@llal.org.uk.
UPDATE 1-Avon CEO expected to step down - WSJ
June 14 Avon Products Inc Chief Executive Sheri McCoy is expected to step down, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday, citing people familiar with the matter.
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup he co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
JERUSALEM: Israeli police are to question Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu Monday over whether he illegally accepted gifts from wealthy supporters, media reports said, in a probe shaking the country's political scene.
The long-running inquiry has looked into whether Israeli and foreign businessmen have offered gifts worth tens of thousands of dollars, among other issues, according to the reports.
Attorney general Avichai Mandelblit has reportedly approved upgrading the inquiry to a criminal probe, though he has yet to confirm this.
Police and Netanyahu's office declined to comment on Monday.
Public radio said Netanyahu has agreed to be questioned at his residence.
In a Facebook post at the weekend, Netanyahu rejected all allegations against him and said his political opponents and some news outlets wanted to bring down his government.
In July, Mandelblit said he had ordered a preliminary examination into an unspecified affair involving Netanyahu.
No details were given on the nature of the preliminary examination and Netanyahu has repeatedly denied any wrongdoing.
He has acknowledged receiving money from French tycoon Arnaud Mimran, who was sentenced to eight years in prison over a scam amounting to 283 million euros involving the trade of carbon emissions permits and the taxes on them.
Netanyahu's office said he had received $40,000 in contributions from Mimran in 2001, when he was not in office, as part of a fund for public activities, including appearances abroad to promote Israel.
He has also come under scrutiny over an alleged conflict of interest in the purchase of submarines from a German firm.
Media reports have alleged a conflict of interest over the role played by the Netanyahu family lawyer, David Shimron, who also acts for the Israeli agent of Germany's ThyssenKrupp, which builds the Dolphin submarines. AFP
AFP/CC
WILTON, CT (WFLA) – Blue Buffalo is voluntarily recalling cans of dog food, the company announced on their website on Monday.
A supplier notified the company of the possible presence of aluminum in a production run of cans.
The recall affects only Blue Buffalo Homestyle Recipe Healthy Weight, Chicken Dinner with Garden Vegetables in a 12.5 ounce cans. The cans have a UPC code of 8-40243-10017-0 and the best by date of August 3, 2019.
No other products are involved and the company has not received any reports of illness or injury as a result of the problem.
Cans be returned for a full refund at your local retailer.
For more information, dog owners can call 866-800-2917.
james sama
End
-- Bravo Tv star and Fox News Magazine feature James Sama speaks to fashion designer Adonis King and celebrity stylist Mychal Matt for KING TALK PODCASTS about how social media like Tinder and Grindr are changing the dating game forever. James has a new show called New School Romance. James' mission is to bring romance and dignity back to dating while helping men and women raise their standards and find higher quality, happier relationships. James broaches difficult topics that challenge reader to reflect on their own approaches and determine how they can live happier lives with more fulfilling relationships. He shares secrets to dating, how to keep a healthy relationship, why It's important to be yourself and what new school romance means. James Sama hit blog site reached 37 million readers in under 4 years and YouTube videos have over million views over all. Now James wants to help people find love in LA. On iTunes and Podomatic search KING TALK PODCASTS Full interview here.Visit: https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/king-talk/id1137428259?mt=2http://www.Twitter.com/JamesMSamahttps://www.facebook.com/pages/James-M-Samacom/137842629568460
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup he co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
Should parents be banned from posting photos of other children on social media?
An Auckland school has asked parents not to post photos of other children taken at school events without permission.
A woman walks past the new official posters for the candidates for the 2017 French presidential election, Emmanuel Macron, head of the political movement En Marche !, or Onwards !, (L) and Marine Le Pen, French National Front (FN) political party leader (R), in Paris,... REUTERS/Gonzalo Fuentes
DUBLIN European Union leaders may have feared the worst for 2017 but in the coming days they can demonstrate a united front on Brexit, watch the bloc's economic recovery strengthen further and likely avoid an electoral earthquake in France.
In a year laden with potential risks, Europe has so far cleared an electoral hurdle in the Netherlands, produced a string of mainly positive economic news and put pressure on the European Central Bank to end its massive monetary stimulus.
Leaders of the 27 remaining EU member states will cap off four months that have proven more stable than they could have imagined by formally adopting negotiating guidelines for their break-up talks with Britain at a summit on Saturday.
Ministers in charge of the Brexit talks made no changes to draft guidelines on Thursday, indicating few major differences had emerged, at least for now, one month after Britain triggered the two-year divorce procedure.
The united EU front hinges on France's presidential election. Most member states have made no secret of their hope that Emmanuel Macron, a pro-EU centrist, will beat eurosceptic far-right candidate Marine Le Pen.
Macron is the overwhelming favorite in the May 7 run-off and holds a wide lead in polls that proved accurate in the first round, although two surveys since have suggested Le Pen made a more impressive start to the last lap.
"As a pro-European, he would maintain the Franco-German alliance and bring some renewed optimism to the European project, which has seemed unstable over the past year," said Lars Lundqvist, an economist at Roubini Global Economics.
"Our base case is that Macron will win."
Between the two main political events, a busy week of data will provide a flash estimate for first quarter euro zone economic growth, unemployment figures for March and Purchasing Managers' Indices for April.
The latter more timely surveys for the manufacturing and services sectors come as economic sentiment across the 19-member euro zone climbed to a near 10-year high in April.
Economic growth is expected to be steady at 0.4 percent on Wednesday and remain at that level through the third quarter of next year, according to a Reuters poll of economists.
Data on Friday appeared to broadly back that up with weaker-than-expected gross domestic product expansion of 0.3 percent in France offset by booming 0.8 percent growth in Spain.
FED ON HOLD
In the United States, the main event arguably comes at the end of the week with April payrolls that may tell more about the Federal Reserve's next move than a meeting of the board itself on Wednesday where no change in policy is expected.
After raising its benchmark interest rate once this year, by a quarter percentage point at its last policy meeting in March, the median Fed policymaker forecast is for two more rate increases by year-end.
"Ahead of the March rate hike, the Fed left it relatively late before it gave a very explicit steer that it was on course to tighten policy at that meeting," Victoria Clarke, economist at Investec, said.
"If the Fed works of this basis again, it may be that the Fed statement next week leaves its options open on the June meeting without giving an explicit steer."
With no news conference due this time, speeches two days later by Fed Vice Chair Stanley Fischer and San Francisco Fed chief John Williams will be watched for clues on any move in June.
Recent weaker-than-expected readings on domestic growth, inflation and retail sales have reinforced the view that the U.S. economy slowed in the first quarter, although economists at Commerzbank said they expect Fed officials will probably dismiss these as statistical outliers.
"The U.S. central bank remains on course for monetary policy normalization," Commerzbank Bernd Weidensteiner said, anticipating two more rate hikes this year.
Other rate decisions of note in the coming week will be made in Norway, the Czech Republic and Australia, while Chinese PMIs will also provide a health check of the world's second-largest economy at the start of the second quarter.
(Editing by Janet Lawrence)
Enrique Marquez Jr., 25, of Riverside, Calif., is accused of purchasing the assault rifles used in the San Bernardino terrorist attack, and has agreed to plead guilty to federal criminal charges.
Benjamin Gottlieb of member station KCRW tells our Newscast unit:
In his plea, Marquez admits that his friend, Syed Rizwan Farook, paid him for the assault rifles used to kill 14 people and injure 22 others in December of 2015. That's when Farook and his wife Tashfeen Malik opened fire at a holiday party of Farook's coworkers at the Inland Regional Center. Marquez also admits he conspired with Farook in 2011 and 2012 to attack Riverside City College (RCC) — as well as commuter traffic on a major freeway in Southern California. Those plans never materialized.
U.S. Attorney Eileen Decker said, "While his earlier plans to attack a school and a freeway were not executed, the planning clearly laid the foundation for the 2015 attack on the Inland Regional Center."
Prosecutors say there is no evidence that Marquez participated in the San Bernardino attack or had advance knowledge about it.
He did acknowledge that he was a "straw buyer" when he purchased two high-powered rifles used in the San Bernardino attack.
According to a Justice Department statement:
"Straw purchasers are criminals who are the beginning of the chain of violence in our country," said ATF Special Agent in Charge Eric D. Harden. "It is purchases like Marquez's that led to the terror on that tragic day in San Bernardino. The crime goes beyond making a false statement on a government form. It puts guns in the hands of criminals who will victimize the community. In this case, the straw purchase is as reprehensible as the attack."
Mandy Pifer, whose boyfriend Shannon Johnson was killed in the terror attack, told The Associated Press that Marquez's plea agreement brought mixed emotions:
"It's a hell of a day to come out, Valentine's Day," the 42-year-old Los Angeles resident said. "I'm relieved that it won't be a long trial. If it'll be finished sooner, I'm all for it." She said she planned to speak at Marquez's sentencing about the impact her boyfriend's killing has had on her. In his last moments, Johnson huddled with a colleague under a table, shielding her from the bullets. "It is what it is," she said. "Nothing's going to bring him back."
Marquez is expected to formally enter his guilty pleas Thursday morning.
He has been in custody since he was ordered detained at his initial court appearance in this case on Dec. 17, 2015.
Marquez faces up to 25 years in federal prison.
Should parents be banned from posting photos of other children on social media?
An Auckland school has asked parents not to post photos of other children taken at school events without permission.
Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama pauses as he delivers teachings in Bomdila, in the northeastern state of Arunachal Pradesh, India April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Anuwar Hazarika
Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama arrives to deliver teachings in Bomdila, in the northeastern state of Arunachal Pradesh, India April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Anuwar Hazarika
BEIJING China said on Wednesday that India's decision to host Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama on a contested stretch of land on the India-China border would cause serious damage to relations between the two countries.
Plans for the Dalai Lama to kick off on Thursday a week-long trip to Arunchal Pradesh, an eastern Himalayan region administered by New Delhi, but claimed by China as "southern Tibet", has raised hackles in Beijing, which labels the monk a dangerous separatist.
"China expresses firm opposition to this and will lodge stern representations with the Indian side," Chinese foreign ministry spokeswomen Hua Chunying told a regular briefing in the Chinese capital.
By ignoring China's concerns and persisting in arranging the trip, India had "severely damaged China's interests and China-India relations", she said.
"We demand that India immediately cease using the Dalai Lama's mistaken behavior to damage China's interests," Hua added.
"It will not bring any benefit to India. China will take necessary measures to firmly safeguard its territorial sovereignty and legitimate rights."
(Reporting by Michael Martina; Writing by Christian Shepherd; Editing by Nick Macfie and Clarence Fernandez)
US judge asks Army to revisit environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge on Wednesday said the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers did not fully weigh the impacts of the Dakota Access pipeline and ordered it to reconsider sections of its environmental analysis.
BRIEF-Taiji Computer says dividend payment date on June 21
* Says it will pay a cash dividend of 2.18 yuan per 10 shares (before tax) for 2016 to shareholders of record on June 20
Britain's Labour urges protest to force PM May from power - Daily Mirror
LONDON, June 15 A senior lawmaker in Britain's opposition Labour Party has called for a million people to take to the streets to force a second election that he said would remove Prime Minister Theresa May from power, the Daily Mirror reported.
Smartwatches are great. Or they would be if you didn't have to remember to charge them almost every other day. Go for something with a six-month battery and you'll sacrifice features; go for something with lots of features and you'll have to keep your charger cable handy. Before long your expensive watch gets thrown in a drawer and forgotten about.
The Matrix PowerWatch aims to redress that balance a little, with people-powered technology. That sounds a little more sinister than it is: the watch uses your body heat to charge its battery. The device also claims to measure the calories you burn, your activity and your sleep. It's water resistant to 50m, and although it doesn't rival the functions of an Apple Watch it certainly covers the basics. Shipping costs are high, though – an eye-watering $70 on top of the PowerWatch's $199 price.
COPENHAGEN, April 13 Renowned Danish-Icelandic artist Olafur Eliasson has created a series of lights - Little Sunlight Swarm - for Copenhagen's Tivoli amusement park.
The thirty-three lamps lighting up Tivoli, which is one of the oldest amusement parks in the world, are each constructed from two identical intersecting geometric bronze frames around a tetrahedral core.
Dichromatic glass panels and polished stainless steel mirrors are set into the frames in five different combinations, enabling the lamps to change colour as people pass by.
Eliasson called the lights, which are illuminated from within by LEDs, a swarm of suns because he believes energy does not come from one source, but from many. (Reporting by Reuters Television, editing by Darren Schuettler)
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Birmingham City are awaiting the results of a scan to determine the severity of Che Adams' hamstring injury.
The in-form striker pulled up in the win over Bristol City on Saturday and will miss tomorrow's game at home to Bolton.
Boss Harry Redknapp admits it's a blow for Blues who were starting to look potent up front with the 21-year-old spearheading the attack.
At his press conference today, Redknapp said: “Che is out for a while.
“He did a hamstring and has gone for a scan today so we're waiting for the results in the next few hours.”
Jonathan Grounds has recovered from an injury, though, and David Davis is available again after an illness.
Lukas Jutkiewicz has also trained and is in contention to return to the lineup.
Blues have no other new injury worries and will consider throwing Isaac Vassell in from the start after landing the 23-year-old today.
TORONTO — Citytv has picked Roger Petersen as the new co-host of Toronto morning show "Breakfast Television."
Petersen joined co-host Dina Pugliese on Wednesday as he stepped into the role vacated by Kevin Frankish in May.
Rogers Media, which owns Citytv, said Petersen will be familiar to viewers of the station.
He's covered several major local stories as a news reporter, including the Toronto van attack earlier this year, SARS and the Papal visit.
The idea of making Indian cities utopian is like dream come true for the citizens. However, reaching that particular objective requires manifold levels of planning, on-ground implementation, involvement and regular upkeep by all the stakeholders involved. With Bengaluru's population set to double to 18.9 million and the vehicular population to triple in next 15 years, Bengaluru is in dire need of a solution. One of the small initiatives towards Bengaluru's utopian dream is the Transit Oriented Development (TOD) Policy, which has been incorporated in the Bengaluru Revised Master Plan (RMP) 2031, and is out for public scrutiny. TOD integrates the concept of walk- to-work or increased pedestrianization, last mile connectivity with high densities in a radius of 500-800m around transit stations/terminals/corridors.
Cities like Montreal, San Francisco, Vancouver, Toronto, Paris, and Hong Kong have largely benefitted from this kind of urban development. A densely populated city, like Hong Kong, has minimum car ownership ratio and public transport is the most preferred way of commuting. Earlier, in Hong Kong, the railway system was not built until the area was well-developed. However, recently, they have opted for the TOD model in areas like Union Square and Olympian City, where a railway system has been built simultaneously with residential development above or nearby. In the Indian context, TOD has been implemented in Ahmedabad, Bhopal and Naya Raipur, of which Ahmedabad is one good example.
“Urban centers are complex systems with multiple layers of transportation, utilities, real estate and communities intricately interwoven together. TOD works on the principle that we build compact cities to maximize ridership by ensuring there is a dense catchment next to the stations and people are encouraged to use the system. The recently released RMP 2031 has one paragraph reference to TOD, which is like a tick in the box that achieves little. The need of the hour is that all stakeholders should come together and work with the government to formulate a policy in order to develop not just a smart city but also a livable city; irrespective of its ‘TODness' quotient. And importantly, one that can be implemented” says Amit Oberoi, National Director, Knowledge Systems, Colliers International India.
RMP 2031, notifies 150m radius around metro stations/terminals as TOD influence zones, where an FSI of 4 is permissible. The TOD is proposed only in Zone B that includes areas outside the Outer Ring Road (ORR) to the conurbation area. Although, it does not include Zone A, which is the developed area of Bengaluru, and is struggling with basic infrastructure needs. As per Colliers Research, implementing TOD in the developing areas may be the right approach as it is easy to do so. Also, ORR and Whitefield contribute 78% of Grade A office stock of Bengaluru, which will further help the commercial market to boost. However, the influence zone of 150m seems to be very minuscule and may not deliver the desired output.
According to Colliers Research, there is not just one way of moving forward to achieve the utopian goal. Permutation combination of many concepts should be implemented along with complete involvement of the stakeholders from government bodies to private players.
To expedite the implementation of the policy, we believe various solutions can be incorporated. Some of them include:
 To implement TOD; smaller pockets with similar characteristics could be identified and a detailed plan of action can be prepared and implemented at the same time integrating with the city's infrastructure development
 More town pooling tools such as land pooling or town planning schemes can be incorporated in the developing zones where vacant land parcels are available to avoid the haphazard development which is the notable type of development in Bengaluru
 Developers could be encouraged to develop 200-300m around their projects, such as pedestrian footpaths, road repairs, etc. in sync with government bodies in order to relieve the pressure on government bodies
 The government can identify and invest in developing probable catchment areas in the state. This would relieve the pressure out of Bengaluru
 Common card systems should be introduced that can be used in metro, bus as well as taxi. This will increase the ease of travel
TOD and mixed-use development are inherent characteristics in Indian cities. Instead of dreaming for a utopian concept based upon international cases, concerned stakeholders should operate with the tools in hand to come up with innovative ideas best suited in the Indian context.
German ministry says disagrees with regional bans on diesel cars
BERLIN, June 14 Germany's federal government is against individual states and cities banning cars with diesel engines to reduce pollution, a transport ministry spokesman said on Wednesday following reports that local authorities in Munich are considering such a step.
May 3 U.S. short-term interest rate futures were down slightly on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve kept rates unchanged at its May meeting but signaled it remains on track for its second rate hike of the year in June.
Traders continue to see slightly less than even odds of a third rate hike for 2017 in December, based on the price of fed funds futures contracts traded at CME Group Inc's Chicago Board of Trade, as analyzed by Reuters. (Reporting by Ann Saphir; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
Syrian President Bashar Assad visited army positions in eastern Ghouta, an enclave outside capital Damascus that rebels have held since 2012.
State television beamed photos of the president standing near a tank surrounded by soldiers in an unspecified part of the enclave.
Syrian forces have retaken more than 80 percent of the former rebel-held territory since launching a major offensive in February, the British-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights monitor said.
Read more: Syria: Al-Qaida and IS increasingly lose territory to Assad
Watch video 12:00 Share Eastern Ghouta - Life in Hell Send Facebook Google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink http://p.dw.com/p/2uW0g Eastern Ghouta - Life in Hell
Eastern Ghouta offensive: Latest developments
Earlier, state media reported that government soldiers had entered Saqba, a town in a southern pocket of eastern Ghouta, the latest town to be recaptured in the monthlong offensive.
Earlier, state media reported that government soldiers had entered Saqba, a town in a southern pocket of eastern Ghouta, the latest town to be recaptured in the monthlong offensive. Thousands of civilians continued to stream out of the besieged zone for a fourth day. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said about 50,000 civilians had left the southern pocket in the past 72 hours.
Thousands of civilians continued to stream out of the besieged zone for a fourth day. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said about 50,000 civilians had left the southern pocket in the past 72 hours. The main rebel group in the southern pocket said on Sunday it was negotiating with the United Nations to arrange for a cease-fire and ensure the evacuation of wounded and ill civilians.
The main rebel group in the southern pocket said on Sunday it was negotiating with the United Nations to arrange for a cease-fire and ensure the evacuation of wounded and ill civilians. Nearly 1,400 people have died in eastern Ghouta since the offensive began in mid-February. The UN estimates that up to 400,000 people remain trapped in the enclave.
Read more: Which rebel groups are fighting in Syria's eastern Ghouta?
Syrian civil war: The conflict in Syria entered its eighth year this week. More than 350,000 people have been killed and millions more displaced since the war began in 2011. The war has put global superpowers, including the US and Russia, on different sides of the conflict.
Read more: Opinion: The twisted logic of the war in Syria
ap/rc (AP, AFP, Reuters)
Each evening at 1830 UTC, DW's editors send out a selection of the day's hard news and quality feature journalism. You can sign up to receive it directly here.
Malacañang will question before the Supreme Court the Office of the Ombudsman's move to investigate President Rodrigo Duterte for ill-gotten wealth.
Advertisements
Speaking to reporters, Chief Presidential Legal Counsel Salvador Panelo said the investigation by the Ombudsman on Duterte's wealth was “unconstitutional.”
“My theory now is that the Ombudsman's investigation currently of the President is unconstitutional even if there is a provision in the Ombudsman's law that it has investigatory power, because to my mind, it will circumvent the doctrine of immunity of a sitting president from suits,” Panelo said in a news conference.
He also said Duterte could not be investigated for crimes he allegedly committed when he was mayor of Davao City.
“Apart from that, the acts being subject of investigation are alleged acts committed by the President when he was still a mayor, which cannot be the subject of an investigation for purposes of filing an impeachment complaint, assuming that it has the power to do so, which to my mind it doesn't have, even if there is a law,” Panelo explained.
“We're studying the circumstances. We might question that particular provision giving the Ombudsman the investigatory power to investigate an impeachable official for purposes of filing an impeachment complaint,” he added.
The Office of the Ombudsman, led by Overall Deputy Ombudsman Melchor Arthur Carandang, as authorized by Ombudsman Conchita Carpio Morales, had announced a probe into Duterte's wealth.
Carandang said documents turned over to the office by the Anti-Money Laundering Council (AMLC) showing the Dutertes' bank transaction records were similar to those obtained by Sen. Antonio Trillanes 4th last year.
The AMLC however later denied giving information on the Dutertes' finances to Trillanes or the Ombudsman.
President Duterte had said that he would not submit to the jurisdiction of the Office of the Ombudsman.
The probe stemmed from the plunder complaint filed before the Office of the Ombudsman by Trillanes against Duterte on May 5, 2016, a few days before the elections.
On Monday, the President said Morales should resign as her office was corrupt, and claimed field investigators had accepted bribes from politicians to dismiss their cases.
On Wednesday, Duterte backed impeachment complaints against Morales and Chief Justice Maria Lourdes Sereno over supposed corruption.
Morales, who has approving authority on the Office of the Ombudsman's rulings aside from deputy ombudsmen, had inhibited herself from probing complaints against the Dutertes.
Morales is an aunt-in-law of the President's daughter, Davao City Mayor Sara Duterte-Carpio.
‘Selective justice'
The Palace also cried foul over the Ombudsman's “selective justice and partiality” in handling graft cases.
Palace spokesman Ernesto Abella earlier told reporters Duterte would disclose his bank accounts “if necessary and at the right time.”
But he said some Ombudsman officials had shown their political colors by being part of a supposed destabilization plot against the Duterte administration.
On Thursday, Duterte signed Executive Order 43 forming the Presidential Anti-Corruption Commission.
The order was issued a week after Duterte vowed to form a body that would investigate alleged corruption at the Office of the Ombudsman.
Panelo said the commission would have a chairman and four members. It will not investigate impeachable officials such as the Ombudsman, he said.
‘Solidarity Mass'
A solidarity Mass in support of the Office of the Ombudsman was held on Friday outside the anti-graft body's office in Quezon City.
Former education secretary Bro. Armin Luistro, who helped organized the Mass, told reporters: “What we heard in the news that the Office of the Ombudsman is really being persecuted worried many of us.”
“We just thought that the support we could do at the most is to pray,” he said.
Members of the Prayer Battalion for Truth and Justice, Tindig Pilipinas, and the Silent No More Organization Inc. attended the Mass.
Magdalo Rep. Gary Alejano, former Commission on Human Rights chief Loretta Ann Rosales, and former social welfare secretary Corazon “Dinky” Soliman were also present.
The Office of the Ombudsman said in a statement it was grateful for the “expression of solidarity in support of the institution and its steadfast commitment to uphold the rule of law and perform its constitutional mandate.”
WITH REINA C. TOLENTINO
* China returns after Qingming festival break
* Oil prices hit one-month high, supporting commodities
* LME/ShFE arbitrage: tmsnrt.rs/2oQ5nm2 (Updates with closing prices)
By Jan Harvey
LONDON, April 5 Copper rose 2 percent on Wednesday, reflecting strength across base metals following upbeat jobs data from the United States and the return of Chinese buyers after a two-day break.
A one percent drop in copper prices since China, the world's biggest consumer of industrial metals, closed for its latest holiday tempted buyers.
"Prices got a boost with the publication of the latest ADP (jobs) numbers," Commerzbank analyst Carsten Menke said. "It seems to have been enough to push the optimism among market participants higher."
Copper came under pressure last week from indications that a number of production outages that had driven prices sharply higher in February were coming to an end.
A jump in oil prices to their highest in a month also boosted a broader appetite for commodities, analysts said.
* LME COPPER: Three-month copper on the London Metal Exchange closed up 2 percent at $5,895 a tonne. A move back through resistance at the 100-day moving average at $5,790 improved its technical picture, traders said.
* U.S. DATA: U.S. stocks rose after data from payrolls processor ADP showed private employers added 263,000 jobs in March, more than the number they hired in February and well above economists' expectations.
* MARKETS: Wider markets are treading water ahead of the release of minutes later on Wednesday of the Federal Reserve's meeting, and a potentially tense meeting between U.S. President Donald Trump and his Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping this week.
* CHINA-U.S. MEET: Although worried about the prospect of a trade war, American businesses operating in China nonetheless want Trump to wring concessions on market access from China's leader Xi Jingping when the two meet.
* NICKEL, ZINC: LME nickel closed up 3.2 percent at $10,295 a tonne, driven higher by gains in the steel sector after a cyclone in Australia damaged transport routes for coking coal. Zinc ended the day at $2,778 a tonne, up 1.5 percent.
* ZINC SPREAD: The discount of LME cash zinc to the three-month contract CMZN0-3 moved to $27.25 a tonne, its widest since October 2015, indicating adequate supply of refined metal in the market.
* FREEPORT: Indonesia's Secretary General for the Energy Ministry, Teguh Pamuji, said on Tuesday that Freeport McMoRan would receive a temporary "special mining permit" to allow its operations to continue and exports to resume while discussions on longer-term issues continued.
* PERU: Peru will likely gradually increase its copper production to 3.1 million tonnes in 2021 from an annual 2.35 million tonnes expected for both this year and next, the country's energy and mines minister told the CRU World Copper Conference in Chile.
* CESCO: Southern Copper should share more of its profits with workers in Peru to avoid an indefinite strike at its Toquepala and Cuajone mines starting on April 10, a union leader said on Tuesday.
* COLLAHUASI: The Collahuasi copper mine in Chile, a joint venture between Anglo American and Glencore, expects 2017 output to beat last year's, and could ramp up production that was frozen in 2015 if the price of copper keeps rising, the mine's chief executive told Reuters.
* OTHER METALS: LME lead closed 0.1 percent higher at $2,312 a tonne, while tin ended up 0.4 percent at $20,105 a tonne. Aluminium finished the day up 1.2 percent at $1,961.
(Additional reporting by Melanie Burton; editing by David Evans/Jason Neely/Alexander Smith)
The film “Blade Runner” opened to mixed reviews in 1982. Eventually it came to be considered a science fiction masterpiece, and is now included in the Library of Congress' National Film Registry. A sequel, “Blade Runner 2049,” opens in theaters this weekend.
Reporter Jon Kalish (@kalishjon) finds out how screenwriter Hampton Fancher helped craft both films.
CHIEF Justice Renato Corona died a broken man, shamed by an impeachment trial that was nothing but an execution by a corrupted Congress of the personal directive of a vengeful President whose family's largesse was diminished by the court that Corona led.
Only people who are blindly jaundiced will buy the canard that Corona was impeached for violating the Constitution and for committing impeachable offenses, and would swallow the lie that he was justly punished by a judgment of Congress whose members acted true to their duties to represent the voice of the people.
Corona died a broken man because a Congress dominated by the Liberal Party (LP) did the bidding of former President Aquino to punish Corona for presiding over a Court that ruled against his family's interests in Hacienda Luisita. He was impeached by a Congress that acted at the behest of selfish and partisan political interests, and not to render justice as the people's representatives.
Indeed, impeachment is a political process. But the Constitution has consigned it to the category of being an extreme penalty that is reserved only for those who commit grave offenses. The grounds for impeachment are a litany of acts that constitute high crimes against the republic. These include culpable violation of the Constitution, treason, bribery, graft and corruption, other high crimes, or betrayal of public trust.
Wanting in evidence to impeach, Congress virtually lowered the bar that was set high by the Constitution, by considering that a misdeclared statement of assets, liabilities and net worth (SALN) is in the same genus of abominable acts as those enumerated above. Armed with the finality of a power which the Supreme Court could not abrogate, negate nor reverse, the House prosecutors argued that Corona betrayed the public trust when he failed to include in his SALN some of his assets. The senator judges, except for Senators Joker Arroyo, Miriam Defensor-Santiago and Bongbong Marcos, all but elevated such act to the same degree as treason or high crimes.
Res ipsa loquitor. This is what LP Senator Franklin Drilon said to drive the nail on Corona's conviction. The thing speaks for itself. No defense can be entertained. And with Corona's conviction, any undeclared asset in a SALN must lead to an impeachment from thereon.
Renato Corona was dealt a blow from which he never recovered until the day he died. The bar for a process reserved only for those who commit high crimes against the Republic was lowered only to ensure that he would suffer. Considering that impeachment is the sole prerogative of Congress, there was no higher court to hear his appeal,
However, the certainty of abuse of power in the hands of the selfish, greedy and corruptible can only be matched by another certainty in life: karma.
There is a pending impeachment complaint filed against sitting Vice President Leni Robredo who is now the LP chair. While there are several grounds invoked, the most damning, and in my opinion the strongest, is her failure to correctly declare as an asset the value of her Meralco shares of stocks.
Res ipsa loquitor, as Drilon eruditely declared as he perorated against Corona. The thing speaks for itself. No defense is needed to negate the impeachable offense that was committed against the Republic, which Congress has declared to be on the same level of severity as treason. Robredo failed to declare the value of her Meralco shares in her SALN. She must thus be convicted.
And now we have Andres Bautista, the chairman of the Commission on Elections (Comelec), who is being accused of having deposits in a thrift bank which he did not declare in his SALN.
Using the Corona precedent, Andres Bautista must and should be impeached. And again, Drilon provided the nail that can seal Bautista's doom.
Res ipsa loquitor. The fact that Bautista has bank deposits in his name is already a fact that speaks for itself. No defense can make it right, not even the defense that those accounts are not solely his, but are in fact accounts of his family in his name, or with funds that are commingled with those of his relatives. This was the same defense that Corona raised on the Basa-Guidote accounts of his wife's family. In fact, the Civil Service Commission (CSC), prompted by Corona's impeachment, has reiterated the rule that all bank accounts under the name of a public official must be declared in the SALN, including commingled funds for which the percentage share of the public official must be likewise declared.
Bautista is not a member of the LP. But his case may have deeper implications for the party, as there are indications that the allegations against him may have some bearing on the credibility of the 2016 elections. Any impeachment proceeding would necessarily lead to a closer scrutiny of his bank accounts, and an inquiry into the paper trail may just reveal damning proof if there was indeed fraud.
This would be bad for Leni Robredo whose election is under protest by Bongbong Marcos, who happens to be one of the three senators who voted for Corona's acquittal.
The prospect for karmic justice is indeed so fascinating. Renato Corona suffered injustice when he was convicted on a mere misdeclared SALN. This has become a weapon to impeach Leni Robredo and Bautista, and may just end up favoring Bongbong Marcos in his quest to unseat Leni Robredo.
Renato Corona may finally have his sweet revenge.
* Trump admin seeking ways to penalize currency manipulators
* Dollar index falls from 9-day high
* Sterling hits session high after report (Updates to U.S. market open; changes dateline; previous LONDON)
By Dion Rabouin
NEW YORK, March 30 The dollar turned flat on Thursday following reports that the administration of U.S. President Donald Trump was studying ways to "penalize currency manipulators" in an effort to fulfill a campaign trail pledge.
According to CNBC, the Trump administration is "assessing the scope of its power to penalize countries whose currencies it believes are undervalued." The report provided no detail about how the administration would do this.
Trump promised to label China a currency manipulator on his first day as president, but has so far taken no action.
The dollar index, which tracks the greenback against six major currencies, erased its gains for the day after the report, falling from a 9-day high. The index was last at 100.11.
Analysts said the report was the major driver to push the dollar from its highs, along with month-end flows and some technical positioning.
The British pound gained strongly against the dollar after the report, rising 0.7 percent to a session high of $1.2525. The dollar fell to its lows of the day against the Swiss franc, dropping to 0.995 franc.
"This is really just a bit more jawboning from the (Trump) administration and them trying to move the dollar in the direction that they want it to go," said Mark McCormick, North American head of FX strategy at TD Securities.
"That's been their operating mandate. They believe the dollar is too strong." (Reporting by Dion Rabouin; Editing by Dan Grebler)
Japanese Finance Minister Taro Aso takes questions from reporters at the annual meetings of the IMF and World Bank Group in Washington October 7, 2016. REUTERS/James Lawler Duggan
The logo of Toshiba Corp is seen behind cherry blossoms at the company's headquarters in Tokyo, Japan April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Toru Hanai
TOKYO Japanese Finance Minister Taro Aso said on Wednesday that a lack of clarity on why auditors did not sign off on Toshiba Corp's (6502.T) earnings is problematic for shareholders and financial markets.
Aso, who is also head of the country's financial regulator, said this uncertainty could cause confusion for stock and bond markets.
Aso also said he did not want investors to lose faith in Japan's financial markets simply based on Toshiba's problems.
"The problem is it is not clear why the auditors did not sign off," Aso said. "If you're a shareholder or an investor, you'd look at Toshiba's earnings and ask, 'What is this?' This could fuel speculation that Japan's auditing standards are soft or that Toshiba has problems."
Toshiba filed twice-delayed business results on Tuesday without an endorsement from its auditor and warned its very survival was in doubt, deepening a crisis stemming from problems at its U.S. nuclear unit Westinghouse Electric Co.
The filing carried a disclaimer from auditor PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) Aarata LLC that it was unable to form an opinion of the results, increasing the likelihood that the Tokyo Stock Exchange will delist Toshiba.
The move puts the stock exchange centre-stage as it weighs the pros and cons of forcing Toshiba to delist.
Failing to act tough with Toshiba would bring into question authorities' credibility in maintaining standards for investors, but a delisting would complicate the crisis at Toshiba, increasing its financing costs and exposing it to further lawsuits from angry shareholders.
Accountants have been questioning the numbers at Westinghouse, where massive cost overruns at four nuclear reactors under construction in the Southeastern United States have forced Toshiba to estimate a $9 billion annual (7.25 billion pounds) net loss.
(Reporting by Stanley White; Editing by Chang-Ran Kim and Edwina Gibbs)
April 27 Blumetric Environmental Inc
* BluMetric retracts revenue details pertaining to the previous news release issued by BluMetric this morning
* Retracting statement of expected revenues pertaining to new 4-year offer agreement with Canadian government
* "At this point, management cannot be certain of revenues specific to each year, nor of costs relating to those revenues" Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Based on intelligence developed by police about the presence of terrorists, security forces launched an anti-militancy operation in the Laam forest of Tral area in Pulwama district, a police official said.
A gun battle broke out when the militants opened fire at the security personnel, the official said.
In the initial exchange of fire, one soldier and a policeman sustained injuries. They were evacuated to hospitals here but succumbed to injuries, the official said.
The slain security force personnel were identified as Sepoy Ajay Kumar and Constable Lateef Gujri.
Three JeM militants were also killed, the official said adding weapons and other warlike stores were recovered from the scene of the incident.
While the individual identity of the slain militants is being ascertained, the official said at least two of them were believed to be foreigners. For INDIA News Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, Google+ and for news updates download our News App. - - - - - - - - - Advertisement- - - - - - - - -
SRINAGAR: Three Jaish-e-Mohammad (JeM) terrorists and two security force personnel were killed on Tuesday in a fierce encounter in a forest area in the Pulwama district in Jammu and Kashmir, officials said.
More than one in 10 Irish motorists have admitted to killing or hitting an animal with their car over the last five years with the number jumping to one in five in Waterford, the most deadly county in which to be a loose pet or wild animal roaming free.
According to a survey from AA Ireland, just under 13 per cent of motorists has been involved in at least one collision with an animal or bird since 2011 with rabbits most likely to meet their maker at the hands of a motorist.
The survey of over 9,500 motorists found that just over 21 per cent of those who had hit an animal with their car over the last five years said the unfortunate creature was a rabbit while slightly more than 17 per cent had hit a dog with cats occupying the third position at a little more than 15 per cent.
Under the law anyone who hits and kills a dog must report it to either the owner or the Garda while no such compulsion exists if a cat or rabbit is killed.
The survey found that 10 per cent of those polled said they had run over or hit one animal since 2011 while a further 1.6 per cent of drivers had been involved in two such incidents with 1 per cent admitting that they had hit three or more animals in the last five years.
The survey also found a significant divide between motorists in rural areas compared to those who do the majority of their driving in urban areas.
Compared to the national average of almost 13 per cent, less than 7 per cent of Dublin-based motorists have ever been in a collision with an animal. Ulster and Munster motorists are most likely to have been involved in such an incident with just over 17 per cent having at least one such collision with the number climbing to one in five among Waterford-based drivers.
ADVERTISEMENT
“Uncontrolled animals or pets on the road is an issue which we regularly hear about at AA Roadwatch and while it may seem like a trivial issue at first, animals can certainly be a significant risk to motorists,” said AA director of consumer affairs Conor Faughnan.
“Given how unpredictable the actions of an animal which is loose on the roads are, motorists may swerve suddenly in order to avoid hitting the animal. While this may avoid causing any injury to the animal, it puts the motorists themselves and other road users in danger.”
The AA survey also found that most motorists' commute to and from work is the time when they are most likely to hit or run over an animal while most accidents occurred on secondary or minor roads with.
“Motorists should remember that if they come across an animal on the road, their first instinct should be to slow down carefully and avoid any sudden swerves so as not to put themselves in unnecessary danger,” Mr Faughnan said.
“However, conservation of these animals aside, when driving in rural areas motorists need to be aware of the risk posed by animals as a collision with a larger animal could cause significant damage to you, your car and your pocket.”
BELFAST GIANTS 2 CARDIFF DEVILS 3
Joey Martin's goal with 2:45 left in overtime gave the Cardiff Devils a 3-2 win over the Belfast Giants at the SSE Arena and moved the Welsh side closer to retaining their Elite League title.
After splitting the double-header over the weekend following Friday night's win for the Giants on penalties, the Devils remain seven points clear with a game in hand.
The Giants will re-focus for Wednesday night's second leg of the Challenge Cup semi-final where they take a 5-1 lead into the game over Nottingham Panthers.
BATH — The city is devoting a day to the spirit of kindness once again this month.
Kindness Day Bath, now in its fourth year, will be celebrated along Front and Centre streets from 10 a.m.-2 p.m. Saturday, Aug. 19. The free event includes a variety of activities at interactive “kindness stations.”
Originally dubbed “Random Acts of Kindness Day,” the event was born out of an idea by Bryanna Ringrose shortly before she started her senior year at Morse High School. She was a member of Darreby Ambler's Dream Team, whose members chose a goal and then helped each other make it happen.
Kindness Day, now run by Ambler with Jennifer McDorr, has since attracted hundreds of people every August, and expanded to include 25 kindness stations run by community groups, businesses and individuals, Ambler said Aug. 2.
Creative good deeds are also part of the mix – a free coffee line at Cafe Creme, bicycle giveaways, artists donating their framed works, and a baby-calming station run by two grandmothers, for example.
“Kindness Day gives us one day, one place, and one time to deliberately bring some kindness into our little city,” Ambler said. “Bryanna's hope was to inspire us to do kind deeds the other 364 days.”
“Kindness Bingo” is new this year, with bingo cards featuring good-deed ideas. Six-year-old Maddie McDorr will make balloon animals, Edward McCarren will offer jokes, fiber artist Susan Mills will give out free hugs. The LifeChurch will host a popcorn station, and the Neighborhood United Church of Christ will have a community banner to paint.
Returning stations include Pat-a-Pet, a listening booth, the Wisdom Station, and baked treats from the Habitat ReStore. A Gratitude Station will allow people to record a thank-you video to send to an individual to whom they feel grateful.
Alison Freeman and the Montsweagers will offer music, and an open mic will be available for local musicians after noon.
Log onto the Kindness Day Bath Facebook page for more information.
Alex Lear can be reached at 781-3661 ext. 113 or alear@theforecaster.net. Follow him on Twitter: @learics.
Maddie McDorr, 6, will make and give away balloon animals during Kindness Day Bath on Saturday, Aug. 19.
Staff at Sea World on Australia's Gold Coast observe remote camera footage of Polar Bear Liya and her two polar bear cubs on Australia's Gold Coast April 27, 2017, and released to Reuters May 2, 2017. Sea World/Handout via REUTERS
Polar Bear Liya is pictured with her two polar bear cubs at Sea World on Australia's Gold Coast in this screen grab taken off a remote monitoring camera taken April 27, 2017 and released to Reuters May 2, 2017. Sea World/Handout via REUTERS
Polar Bear Liya is pictured with her two polar bear cubs at Sea World on Australia's Gold Coast in this screen grab taken off a remote monitoring camera taken April 27, 2017 and released to Reuters May 2, 2017. Sea World/Handout via REUTERS
Polar Bear Liya is pictured with her two polar bear cubs at Sea World on Australia's Gold Coast in this screen grab taken off a remote monitoring camera taken April 27, 2017 and released to Reuters May 2, 2017. Sea World/Handout via REUTERS
SYDNEY Two polar bear cubs born a week ago at Sea World in Australia's Gold Coast are expected to make their public debut in three months time, but staff have seen the blind and toothless pair suckling milk from their mother inside their den.
Sixteen-year-old mother Liya delivered her second litter on April 26, and the cubs, which have still to be named, weigh about 600 grams and are 15 centimeters long. Fully grown they could stand as tall as standing as tall as 11 feet (3.35 meters) and weigh up to 1,400 pounds (635 kg).
"Liya and the cubs will spend the majority of these early months in the maternity den at Sea World," said Sea World Director of Marine Sciences Trevor Long.
The cubs are expected to leave the den in July.
Polar bears currently number about 26,000, but their population is expected to fall by a third over the next 35 to 40 years due to melting sea ice in the Arctic, scientists said at a meeting of the American Geophysical Union last December.
(Writing by Karishma Singh, Editing by Darren Schuettler & Simon Cameron-Moore)
BRIEF-Aap Implantate announces public share buyback offer
* TO PURCHASE UP TO 2.25 MILLION SHARES OF COMPANY BY MEANS OF VOLUNTARY PUBLIC SHARE BUYBACK OFFER AGAINST CASH PAYMENT OF EUR 1.52 PER NO-PAR VALUE SHARE FOR MAX TOTAL PURCHASE PRICE OF UP TO EUR 3.5 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Bose Sound True around-ear headphones II were engineered with advanced Bose technologies. They feature exclusive TriPort technology so your music sounds deep, clear and full of life. They don't just look good, they feel good, too. The headphones feature a softly padded headband that distributes weight evenly across your head, and memory foam creates a gentle cushion around your ears. So they stay light and comfortable--no matter how long your playlist is. The fold-flat ear cups and matching carrying case make them easy to put away anytime and take with you anywhere. The inline microphone and remote let you switch easily to calls on your iPhone, and provide control for select iPod, iPhone and iPad models. Included: Sound True around-ear headphones; inline remote and microphone cable (66"); carrying case. The Bose SoundTrue headphones receive 4 out of 5 stars from over 700 customers (read reviews). Right now its list price has been reduced by 50% to just $90. See it now on Amazon.
This story, "50% off Bose SoundTrue around-ear headphones II - Deal Alert" was originally published by TechConnect.
ROCK SPRINGS– The Rock Springs City Council will hold a public hearing during its meeting on May 1 to discuss amendments to an ordinance that would allow restaurants in downtown Rock Springs to offer outdoor dining areas in front of the business.
On April 11, the city's Planning & Zoning Commission unanimously approved a petition requested by the city of Rock Springs to amend Section 13-809 to add “Dining Decks” as a Permitted Accessory Use in the B-3 Zoning District, and to add a new Section 13-819, which sets forth regulations for Dining Decks.
If the council approves the amendments, downtown businesses will be able to add outdoor dining areas after going through an approval process and following certain requirements.
The Requirements
The outdoor dining decks may only be operated seasonally, from May 1 to October 31. Tables, chairs, umbrellas and any other equipment must be stored away on the restaurant premises during the off-season.
There must be a minimum six-foot sidewalk clearance.
Restaurants would usually end up renting parking spaces from the City Council for a dining deck, and any structure that denies access to fire hydrants would not be allowed.
The umbrellas cannot extend beyond the table.
Alcohol may only be served to people at the tables.
The restaurant providing the dining deck space would be responsible for maintenance, including snow removal if necessary.
Building inspection and fire inspection would be involved. Outdoor heaters are the primary fire concern.
Advertisement - Story continues below...
The Rock Springs City Council will hold the public hearing during its regularly scheduled meeting on May 1 at 7 pm at Rock Springs City Hall, 212 D St.
A blistering Twitter thread about "white people oppression" has gone viral, gaining almost half a million likes.
User Julius Goat shared an image of neo-nazis brandishing burning torches at a United the Right rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, where a suspected neo-nazi mowed down protesters on Saturday.
He followed it with a series of powerful tweets skewering social inequality and exposing the reasons behind the white nationalist backlash.
His emotive words have struck a chord around the US and across the world after 30 people were injured and one killed in a car attack on anti-racism protesters at the rally.
Advertisement
Imagine if these people ever faced actual oppression. pic.twitter.com/dhPCbtfEjO — Julius Goat (@JuliusGoat) August 12, 2017
Nobody is trying to legislate away their right to marry.
Nobody is trying to make them buy insurance to pay for 'male health care.' — Julius Goat (@JuliusGoat) August 12, 2017
The law never
Enslaved their great-grandparents
Robbed their grandparents
Imprisoned their parents
Shot them when unarmed — Julius Goat (@JuliusGoat) August 12, 2017
The Twitter user goes on to list the other injustices that white, middle-class men have never suffered from the travel ban on Muslims to police violence against black people to historic efforts to prove non-white intellectual inferiority as well as church burnings and hangings.
Then he examined the "we will not be replaced" rallying cry of the white supremacist protesters.
They are chanting 'we will not be replaced.'
Replaced as ... what?
I'll tell you. — Julius Goat (@JuliusGoat) August 12, 2017
Replaced as the only voice in public discussions.
Replaced as the only bodies in the public arena.
Replaced as the only life that matters. — Julius Goat (@JuliusGoat) August 12, 2017
THIS is 'white man' oppression.
We face criticism now. We were free from it, because others feared the consequences. — Julius Goat (@JuliusGoat) August 12, 2017
THIS is 'oppression' of white Christians in this country.
Christmas used to be the only holiday acknowledged, now it's not. — Julius Goat (@JuliusGoat) August 12, 2017
He said he would "love to see these people get all the oppression they insist they receive, just for a year".
That might mean a world "where you ACTUALLY can't say Christmas", where "the name 'Geoff' on a resume puts it in the trash" or where a polo shirt makes people so nervous it could get you kicked off a plane, he said.
It could mean a world where these men suddenly get a 20 per cent pay cut, "and then 70 women every day telling them to smile more," he added. Or one in which if they turned up on a university campus with torches and started fights "the cops would punch their eyes out."
"Put that in your torches and light it," concluded Julius Goat.
His excoriating words triggered a huge response on social media, with users thanking him for "well spoken truths".
Twitter user Jean Keegan shared a quote: "When you're accustomed to privilege, equality looks like discrimination."
But another user said he was simply being "told 'shut up white male' as if that isn't the hate speech!"
Gothalion said he was "disgusted" at what he was seeing, adding, "The world is a dark place and it's in our back yards."
Many social media users called for the white nationalists pictured at Saturday's rally in Virginia to be named and shamed. One of the men, Peter Cvjetanovic, 20, has now spoken out in his own defence, insisting he's not a racist but concerned about the protection of white culture.
The statue of Confederate General Robert E. Lee stands in the centre of Emancipation Park the day after they Unite the Right rally devolved into violence. Photo / Getty Images The statue of Confederate General Robert E. Lee stands in the centre of Emancipation Park the day after they Unite the Right rally devolved into violence. Photo / Getty Images
Statue that sparked a rally
Organisers of Saturday's Unite the Right rally said it was staged to protest the planned removal of a statue of Confederate commander General Robert E Lee from a park.
Lee was a Confederate general during the American Civil War and surrendered to Union General Ulysses S Grant in 1865.
The rally itself stemmed from a long debate over public memorials and symbols honouring the pro-slavery Confederacy of the US Civil War.
But according to James Curran, a history professor at the University of Sydney, Charlottesville isn't the first time the removal of confederate statue has angered voters in southern states and become a flashpoint.
"The same happened in New Orleans in May," Prof Curran told news.com.au.
"This has been a longstanding bone of contention in how the civil war is remembered and whether or not it remains appropriate to continue to celebrate the heroes of the Confederacy - like General Robert E Lee or Jefferson Davis - who were fighting to defend the Southern way of life, a way of life that of course wanted to maintain the institution of slavery."
However Prof Curran said statues like these are seen as the last remnants of an era that celebrated white supremacy and racism.
"And certainly a case could be made that some white nationalists and supremacists feel emboldened by Trump's election to challenge the dismantling of these statues in more strident and violent terms, as we saw in Charlottesville over the weekend," Prof Curran said.
It also wouldn't be the first time this exact statue has sparked protests in Charlottesville either.
Alt-right leader and white nationalist Richard Spencer led a torch-wielding protest rally back in May 13, according to Heavy.
A few years ago, a gentleman named Bob Rashbrook shared this photo of the lads of the Northgate Lions football team.
With the football season over, and the World Cup galloping towards us, now's as good a time as any to revisit the snapshot.
Mr Rashbrook said the photo was taken around 1963/64.
He added: “Prior to the Crawley Playleaders Football League being formed I believe it was Vic Anderson who organised a football tournament for the youth of the town.
“There were various ages with the finals played at Langley Green. The winning teams received their awards from Gordon Pirie, a useful middle distance runner in his time.
“Vic picked up on the idea when he used to do his rounds as a parks inspector and see kids playing organised football matches that they arranged themselves.
“He was not keen on the idea that council pitches were being used for this purpose so he did something about it.
“Games were played on a knock-out basis with, as I say, the finals at Langley Green.
“Northgate Lions were beaten in their semi-final but the victors were removed and the Lions reinstated as the winners had played a player that played for another team.
“The Lions were predominantly St Wilfrid's School pupils and run by ‘Paddy' Maglinchey.
“I myself am the tallest in the back row. Others I remember are John and Barry Butler, David Gibson and Eddie McDermont and Ray Downing.”
May 3 Cheerios cereal maker General Mills Inc said its Chief Operating Officer Jeffrey Harmening will take over as chief executive from Ken Powell, who will retire next year.
Harmening, 50, has been with General Mills since 1994 and was named COO in July last year.
During his tenure as head of the U.S. retail business, the company bought organic foods maker Annie's in 2014, turning General Mills into one of the biggest makers of organic food in the country.
The brand still represents one of the biggest growth drivers for the company, which has reported falling sales for almost two years.
General Mills, like its competitors ConAgra Brands Inc and Campbell Soup Co, has also faced lackluster demand for processed foods as consumer tastes shift toward fresh foods and items seen as healthier.
Powell will continue to be chairman till he retires and Harmening's appointment will be effective June 1, General Mills said. (Reporting by Sruthi Ramakrishnan in Bengaluru; Editing by Shounak Dasgupta)
FALMOUTH — The town will host a public forum on plans for Route 1 North at 7 p.m. Tuesday, April 25, at Lunt Auditorium.
The committee charged with developing a vision and master plan for this section of U.S. Route 1 is seeking public input on its draft recommendations. Contact Melissa Tryon at 699-5335 or mtryon@falmouthme.org for more information.
Industrial Steam designs, assembles, tests, and ships packaged Pressurized Deaerators, Atmospheric Deaerators, Fuel Oil Systems, Blowdown Systems, Condensate Recovery, Feedwater Systems, and Wet Steam Accumulators
Contact
Industrial Steam
Jeremy Zellmer
712-243-5300
jzellmer@industrialsteam.com Industrial SteamJeremy Zellmer712-243-5300
End
-- Industrial Steam's wet steam accumulator is an un-fired pressure vessel that stores energy in the form of water. This energy is used by a process that sees a spike in demand for a short period of time. As the pressure decreases in the steam line the water in the accumulator will turn to steam and supply the process with the steam it needs for a short period of time. When the spike in demand ends the accumulator will recharge from the steam boiler.Industrial Steam's wet steam accumulator owners and operators are using smaller more efficient boilers. By storing energy for the peak demand period the accumulator allows more efficient boilers to be a viable option even when peak demand would require a much larger boiler. Even larger boilers that are sized for peak demand cannot respond quick enough to a spike in demand. The steam accumulator can respond immediately allowing the boiler time to ramp up.• Food / Beverage• Pharmaceutical• Steel / Chemical / Petrochemical• Plastics / Rubber / Foam Manufacturing• Eliminate downtime• Eliminate boiler carryover• Increased boiler efficiency• Proprietary internals produce dry steam• Industrial components• Vessel construction• Post weld heat treat• 100% x-ray• Wet magnetic particle testIndustrial Steam offers Innovative Responses Today to Tomorrow's ChallengesIndustrial Steam is the leading manufacturer of .005 cc/l pressurized and atmospheric deaerators. Along with the time-tested proven spray-type and tray-type designs, Industrial Steam manufactures a unique line of dual compartment systems that provide 100% guaranteed performance that is unmatched in the deaerating industry. It is these innovations in the design of deaerating systems, our understanding and implementation of the controls, and our never ending quest to satisfy our customers, that truly set Industrial Steam apart. Although a few designs are unique to Industrial Steam, the chart below can be applied to all manufacturers spray and tray type deaerators.
March 31 China Huiyuan Juice Group Ltd :
* Shunyi huiyuan, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of co, and zhaofeng logistics entered into transportation service agreement
* Agreement shall be effective from 1 april 2017 to 31 december 2018
* Agreement to continue transportation services under transportation service agreement and transportation service agreement Source text (bit.ly/2ogUD3O) Further company coverage:
Despite Downing Street having announced last Saturday that a deal with the DUP had been struck, there are now suggestions that no agreement may be finalised this week.
Although the Downing Street statement had been quickly contradicted by the DUP in what appeared to be a shot across Theresa May's bows, it was still expected on Sunday that a deal was imminent, with DUP leader Alrene Foster flying to London for talks at Downing Street on Tuesday, supposedly to finalise the arrangement.
Despite assurances from all sides that the talks were positive, Tuesday came and went without a deal, as did yesterday. While the tragedy in London may partly explain the lack of an announcement yesterday, the timetable had already been slipping.
Yesterday afternoon, UTV's well-connected political editor Ken Reid reported that his understanding was that “the chances of an agreement between the DUP and Conservatives this week are highly unlikely”.
Other journalists quoted DUP sources complaining about Treasury “nit-picking” but insisting that the talks were still fundamentally on track. So what is going on?
The DUP officially is saying very little and has been unusually successful in keeping most of its members off the airwaves, lest they say something which might put the agreement in jeopardy.
Mrs Foster has stayed in London, which certainly indicates that the negotiations have not broken down.
The DUP has also already made clear that it will back the Conservatives on at least a confidence and supply basis – the bare minimum to keep the Tories in power and Jeremy Corbyn out of Number 10 – so the ultimate outcome, in terms of backing Mrs May, appears certain.
The delay may point to this being a ‘confidence and supply plus' deal in which the DUP and Tories agree a limited legislative programme, perhaps on areas such as counter-terrorism, or shared commitments in areas such as maintaining defence spending, a long-standing DUP concern.
Arlene Foster appeared to hint at this when on Tuesday she spoke of counter-terrorism and Brexit as having featured in the negotiations.
The DUP and Sinn Fein are both experts at dragging out negotiations to eke out further concessions to the point that a deadline for a talks process in Northern Ireland is now not taken seriously by the bulk of the population.
But fundamentally in this process, the DUP has nowhere to go.
It dreads playing any role in putting Mr Corbyn into power and therefore at this point its main negotiating hand is time.
In order to restore some of her credibility, Mrs May needs this deal wrapped up urgently whereas the DUP is under less pressure and knows that if Mrs May is toppled as Conservative leader her successor will still need to deal with its 10 MPs.
The biggest pressure on the DUP right now is the danger of a sense taking hold that it is needlessly stalling on a deal and therefore not acting in the national interest.
By John Lee.
The United Nations has advertised new positions in Iraqi Kurdistan:
(Source: UN)
Chelsea of England manager, Antonio Conte has admitted he missed the services of Victor Moses in Saturday's 3-2 loss at home against Burnley, but promised to plug all holes in their next match against fellow-London-based side, Tottenham Hotspur.
Though Moses was sighted in the stands, alongside Nigerian ex-international, Michael Emenalo, during the game, Conte said the former Crystal Palace and Wigan Athletic ace would have been of better use on the pitch.
Quizzed by reporters about the lack of available players next week, especially as Pedro, Eden Hazard and Timoue Bakayoko are on the sidelines due to injuries, Conte stressed that he is not worried.
He said : “I am not worried because we have to trust in our work and today there were injured players, one player missed for a ban.”
Bob Fisher
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) – Eddie Rosario hit three home runs and drove in five runs and the Minnesota Twins set a franchise record with 28 hits while batting around in two different innings of a 20-7 victory over the Seattle Mariners on Tuesday night.
Max Kepler and Brian Dozier also went deep, Eduardo Escobar had five hits and two RBIs and Jason Castro had four hits and four RBIs for the Twins, who are in first place in the AL Central despite an AL-worst 13-19 record at Target Field.
The 28 hits are the most in a game since the Rangers had 29 in a 30-3 win over the Orioles on Aug. 22, 2007.
Christian Bergman (3-4) gave up nine runs and 10 hits in 2 1-3 innings for the Mariners. Jarrod Dyson had a homer, a double and an RBI. Ben Gamel had two doubles and an RBI.
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) – The Minnesota Twins have recalled right-hander Ryan Pressly from Triple-A Rochester, the latest change in their chewed-up bullpen.
Pressly was promoted before Tuesday night's game against Seattle to take the place of right-hander Alex Wimmers, who was sent down Monday following a rough appearance during a 14-3 defeat by the Mariners.
Twins relievers have a collective 5.55 ERA, by far the worst in the major leagues. The Twins have used 17 different pitchers out of the bullpen through 60 games this season, including five appearances by backup catcher Chris Gimenez.
Pressly pitched four scoreless innings with seven strikeouts over three games for the Red Wings. In 22 appearances for the Twins before his demotion, Pressly posted a 9.50 ERA in 18 innings.
IOWA CITY — Big Ten Player of the year Jake Adams is ready to embark on a professional career. The Iowa first baseman was taken in the sixth round of the Major League Baseball Draft by the Houston Astros after a junior season in which he tallied 29 home runs in leading the Hawkeyes to the Big Ten Tournament title. Adams got the call at his home in South Dakota.
Adams knew getting drafted in the top ten rounds was a possibility after a late season meeting with Iowa coach Rick Heller.
Adams hit .335 and drove in 72 runs this past season as Iowa advanced to an NCAA Regional for the second time in three years.
Adams becomes Iowa's highest draft pick since 1999 and expects to begin his pro career this weekend.
Iowa shortstop Mason McCoy was taken eight picks later in the sixth round by the Baltimore Orioles.
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) – The Minnesota Twins spent the second day of the draft focused on adding pitching depth to their farm system.
The Twins selected Louisiana high school right-hander Blayne Enlow with their third-round pick. They selected Clemson left-hander Charlie Barnes in the fourth round, and highly touted third baseman Andrew Bechtold of Chipola College in Florida in the fifth round.
Puerto Rican shortstop Ricky De La Torre came in the sixth round followed by left-handers Ryley Widell of Central Arizona in the seventh and Bryan Sammons of Western Carolina in the eighth.
The Twins took California-Riverside outfielder Mark Contreras in the ninth round and Cal-Irvine right-hander Calvin Faucher in the 10th.
CLEAR LAKE — Clear Lake came back from a 6-2 deficit after two innings to down Mason City High 10-7 in high school softball last night, as you heard on KRIB. After allowing six runs in the first two innings, Lions pitcher Kiersten Baalson held the Mohawks to a single run in the bottom of the fourth while Clear Lake scored three times in the top of the fourth and twice each in the sixth and seventh. Chloe Mueller had three hits, including two doubles, and drove in three while Sara Faber had two hits and two RBIs to lead the Lions, who improve to 6-8 on the season and will travel to Clarion-Goldfield-Dows tonight in North Central Conference play. Hannah Faktor led Mason City offensively with three runs, two runs scored and four stolen bases. The Mohawks drop to 6-12 overall and will travel to Urbandale and Valley of West Des Moines tonight and tomorrow night for doubleheaders, then head to Waverly-Shell Rock on Friday night before hosting the Mohawk tournament on Saturday.
LATIMER — Macy Alexander had a three-run double to lead Newman past CAL 12-0 in five innings last night in Latimer. Jillian Dunn allowed only one hit over five innings as Newman improves to 13-6 on the season and will travel to North Butler tonight.
— other softball
Algona 12, GHV 0 (3)
Clarion-Goldfield-Dows 5, Rockford 2
St. Ansgar 8, Riceville 7
Clarksville 3, North Butler 0
— baseball from Tuesday night
New Hampton 10, Charles City 0 (5)
Algona 4, GHV 3
St. Ansgar 3, Riceville 0
ST. PAUL, Minn. (AP) – The Minnesota Wild will play three preseason games at Xcel Energy Center, including home-and-home series against Central Division rivals Colorado, Dallas and Winnipeg.
The Wild announced a seven-game preseason schedule on Tuesday. Minnesota opens the preseason on the road against the Jets at Bell MTS Place in Winnipeg on Sept. 18, followed by a rematch at Xcel Energy Center on Sept. 21.
The Wild host the Avalanche on Sept. 23 and then travel to Colorado for a game at Pepsi Center on Sept. 24. Minnesota is at Dallas on Sept. 26 and hosts the Stars on Sept. 30 to wrap up the preseason.
The Wild also will play a road game against the St. Louis Blues on Sept. 28 at a location to be announced.
NEW YORK (AP) — The company behind the golden arches wants to get greener.
McDonald's on Tuesday announced a number of steps it will take to cut the greenhouse gases it emits into the air, including tweaking the way the beef in its Big Macs and Quarter Pounders is produced.
The world's largest burger chain said it expects the changes to prevent 150 million metric tons (165 million tons) of greenhouse gas emissions from being released into the atmosphere by 2030, equal to taking 32 million cars off the road for a year.
Several food and beverage companies have announced changes recently to appeal to customers concerned about the environment. Dunkin' Donuts said it will phase out foam coffee cups by 2020. And soda maker Coca-Cola announced plans to recycle a bottle or can for every beverage it sells by 2030.
Advertisement
McDonald's said beef production, restaurant energy use and packaging account for more than 60 percent of its emissions, and will focus on making changes in those areas first.
It will work with beef suppliers to reduce carbon emissions at cattle farms and ask franchisees to replace light bulbs and kitchen appliances in its restaurants for more energy-efficient ones. It is also in the process of using more environmentally friendly materials for its soda cups, Happy Meal boxes and burger wrappers, a shift it first announced last month.
The Oak Brook, Illinois-based company declined to say how much it will spend to make the changes.
___
Contact Joseph Pisani at http://twitter.com/josephpisani
April 6Ambromobiliare SpA:
* Said on Wednesday that Giovanni Natali resigned from the board of directors of Ambromobiliare, where he held the position of CEO
* Decided to propose Giovanni Natali as chairman of 4AIM SICAF SpA at the shareholders' meeting scheduled for April 7
* The candidacy of Giovanni Natali as chairman of 4AIM SICAF to be considered by Ambromobiliare after resignation of Gianluigi Costanzo from the position of chairman on March 15
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
ROME Italian investigators said on Tuesday they had foiled a plot to steal the body of legendary Formula One racing pioneer Enzo Ferrari and demand a ransom.
Ferrari, founder of the company that produces some of the world's fastest and most expensive cars, died in 1988 at the age of 90 after making the company's prancing horse logo an internationally recognised brand.
Police in Nuoro on the island of Sardinia told a news conference they suspected that a gang had planned to demand a ransom from the Ferrari family or company after spiriting away the body.
They gave no further details about the plot but said it was discovered during an investigation into arms and drug trafficking that led to a number of arrests.
Ferrari is buried in an above-ground family tomb in the San Cataldo cemetery in Modena, near the Ferrari plant at Maranello in central Italy.
(Reporting by Isla Binnie; editing by Philip Pullella/Mark Heinrich)
Northern Ireland's dreams of being crowned European netball champions for the first time ended with a crushing 75-44 defeat by England in Cardiff last night.
Powerful full-timers England generally win the annual European Championships all too comfortably but have come to this tournament with a relatively experimental panel.
They were pushed harder than usual in their opening game against Scotland before winning 61-48 while Northern Ireland had overcome hosts Wales 47-46 in their first fixture.
However the Scots probably benefited from catching the hot favourites cold, for England looked much closer to their formidable best against the girls in green.
England led 17-9 after a disappointing first quarter for Northern Ireland who found themselves up against opponents who were strong defensively and slick in attack.
With typical resolve, Elaine Rice's side battled bravely to keep the half-time score to 33-22 but the English extended their advantage to 17 goals going into the last period at 50-33 up.
With this morning's Test against Fiji (10.30am) starting just 13 hours after the England game ended, the coach made the pragmatic call to take off a couple of top players for the last quarter.
Captain Caroline O'Hanlon made way for her Larkfield club colleague Neamh Woods at centre while star shooter Lisa Bowman was also withdrawn with Noleen Lennon moving up front alongside Kyla Bowman.
Ruthless England put the reshuffled side to the sword in that last 15 minutes, netting a further 25 goals to take their eventual victory margin to a commanding 29.
Fiji is in Cardiff for Tests against each of the home nations alongside the European Championships and have been ranked seventh in the world for the past couple of years.
But they have already lost to Scotland and Wales on this trip and Northern Ireland will hope to complete a celtic hat-trick against the Pearls this morning if fatigue hasn't taken its toll.
Against England, Rice made two changes to the starting team from the win over Wales with Kingsway pair Sarah Montgomery and Niamh Cooper brought into the initial line-up.
Montgomery replaced exile Michelle Drayne at wing attack with Cooper taking over at wing defence from vice-captain Fionnuala Toner who had been below her best against Wales
FILE PHOTO: Workers assemble an e-Golf electric car at the new production line of the Transparent Factory of German carmaker Volkswagen in Dresden, Germany March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch/File Photo
LONDON, April 3 Factories across the euro zone struggled to keep up with demand last month despite increasing activity at the fastest rate in nearly six years, according to a survey that showed them again hiking prices.
IHS Markit's final manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index for the euro zone rose to 56.2 in March, the highest since April 2011, from February's 55.4. It was in line with a flash estimate and far above the 50 mark that separates growth from contraction.
An index measuring output, which feeds into a composite PMI due on Wednesday, rose to a near six-year high of 57.5 from 57.3. The flash estimate was 57.2.
"Euro zone manufacturing is clearly enjoying a sweet spell as we move into spring, but it is also suffering growing pains in the form of supply delays and rising costs," said Chris Williamson, chief business economist at IHS Markit.
"The survey is also signaling the highest incidence of supplier delivery delays for nearly six years, underscoring how suppliers are struggling to meet surging demand."
A sub-index measuring delivery times fell to 41.9 from 43.9, its lowest reading since May 2011. New orders surged despite prices charged rising faster than in any month since June 2011.
Signs of accelerating activity and price rises will be welcomed by policymakers at the European Central Bank who have for years failed to get inflation anywhere near their target.
Inflation slowed in March by far more than economists polled by Reuters had expected, driven down mostly by a deceleration of energy price rises, official estimates showed on Friday.
Prices in the 19 countries sharing the euro rose 1.5 percent year-on-year, Eurostat estimated, down from a four-year high of 2.0 percent recorded in February. The Bank wants inflation of just under 2 percent.
(Editing by John Stonestreet)
Acting Secretary of Foreign Affairs Enrique Manalo and Danish Permanent Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs Ulrik Vestergaard Knudsen signed early this month a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between the government of the Republic of the Philippines and the government of the Kingdom of Denmark on the establishment of a mechanism for bilateral consultations.
The MOU will be the two countries' guide in convening their biennial bilateral consultations, particularly regional and global cooperation on political security, economy, culture, education, science and technology and law enforcement.
Knudsen and Manalo discussed a wide range of issues affecting bilateral relations, including general political and economic developments in both countries, support of each other's candidatures in the United Nations and other international organizations, cooperation in international fora, possible visits to Denmark by Philippine officials, opening of the Philippine Embassy in Copenhagen in 2018, the Philippine chairmanship of the 2017 Association of Southeast Asian Nations (Asean), the West Philippine Sea/South China Sea, the Philippines-European Union Free Trade Agreement (FTA), Brexit and the future of Europe.
Prior to the signing of the guidelines for bilateral cooperation, Manalo addressed a regional meeting of Danish ambassadors in the Asia-Pacific at a working lunch.
He spoke on the Philippines' Asean chairmanship, and Philippine and Asean relations with China, Japan, South Korea, the United States and India. JAIME R. PILAPIL
Football Soccer - AS Roma v Inter Milan - Serie A - Olympic Stadium, Rome, Italy - 19/03/16. AS Roma's Francesco Totti sits on the bench before the match. REUTERS/Max Rossi Picture Supplied by Action Images
AS Roma's all-time appearance record holder and top scorer Francesco Totti is to call time on his 24-year career with the club and retire from soccer at the end of this season, the club's new sporting director Monchi said on Wednesday.
Totti, 40, has been at Roma since he was 13 and made his debut in 1993. He captained the team to the 2001 Serie A title and back-to-back Coppa Italia triumphs in 2007 and 2008. He is out of contract at the end of the season.
"There is an agreement with the club that this will be his last year and then he will continue as a director. I want him on my side because he is Roma and can teach me what Roma is," Spaniard Monchi, who became the club's sporting director in April, told a news conference on Wednesday.
Totti, who also won the 2006 World Cup with Italy, has seen his playing time greatly diminish in the last two seasons, during which he has made just three Serie A starts. He was expected to retire last season until he signed a one-year extension.
Totti has made 15 substitutes' appearances this campaign and came on in Sunday's 3-1 defeat to local rivals Lazio in the Rome derby, which left Roma nine points adrift of Serie A leaders Juventus with four games remaining.
He scored his 307th goal for Roma in a Coppa Italia game against Cesena on Feb. 1.
(Reporting by Richard Martin; editing by Richard Lough)
FILE PHOTO: Time Inc. CEO Joe Ripp (2nd L) claps after ringing the bell to open trading at the New York Stock Exchange in New York June 9, 2014. REUTERS/Carlo Allegri
Time Inc (TIME.N) said it was "definitely" not up for sale on Friday, sending its shares and those of U.S. broadcasting and publishing group Meredith Corp (MDP.N), its most prominent suitor, sharply lower.
While Time did not say who it had been in discussions with about a potential sale, sources said the move ended two months of talks with Meredith. Their merger would have united Meredith's Better Homes & Gardens and Family Circle magazines with Time's stable of publications including People and Fortune.
Time's shares closed down 17 percent at $15.2 percent in New York on Friday, leaving the company with a market capitalization of $1.5 billion. Meredith stock dropped 9.7 percent to $59.20, giving it a market value of $2.7 billion.
An acquisition of Time would have given Meredith the scale required to spin off its broadcasting arm into a standalone company. Many of Meredith's competitors, from Tronc Inc (TRNC.O) to Tribune Media Co (TRCO.N), have shed their publishing operations following a drop in print advertising revenue.
Time had come under pressure to explore a sale after activist hedge fund Jana Partners LLC unveiled a stake in the company last August. However, a deadline for Jana to make its own nominations for Time's board of directors passed last week without the hedge fund making any announcement.
"The company is definitely not putting itself for sale. The focus now is to execute on our plan," Chief Executive Rich Battista told Reuters in an interview.
Time said the strategic plan included revamping its cost structure and focusing on its digital business.
Meredith had made an offer that fell short of Time's price expectations of more than $20 per share, Reuters reported earlier this month. Meredith had offered $18 per share, a source familiar with the situation said on Friday.
The source, who asked not be identified because the negotiations were private, said final sticking points had included disagreements over price, financial performance, Meredith's ability to finance a deal, and pension obligations left over from Time's 2014 spinoff from Time Warner Inc.
Both Time and Meredith declined to comment on the negotiations.
This was not the first time that Meredith had come close to buying Time Inc. In 2013, Meredith and Time Warner were in talks about a deal for Time but the discussions ended unsuccessfully.
Time, like its peers in the publishing industry, has been struggling amid a relentless decline in the print media as circulation shrinks and advertisers shift to digital platforms.
The company said in a statement that it had not initiated a sale process, but that the board evaluated expressions of interest with the help of external advisers.
"Of course, if there is ever another expression of interest that is credible ... we have to evaluate it," Battista said.
Time is scheduled to report first-quarter earnings on May 10.
(Reporting by Rishika Sadam and Aishwarya Venugopal in Bengaluru, additional reporting by Jessica Toonkel and Lauren Hirsch in New York; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty and Tom Brown)
* Manchester City beat Brighton 2-0 away
* Sergio Aguero scored in the 70th minute
* Lewis Dunk headed into his own net
* City's Gabriel Jesus had two goals disallowed
* Brighton travel to Leicester next, City host Everton BRIGHTON 0 MANCHESTER CITY 2 Aug 12 (Reuters) - A clinical Sergio Aguero strike and an own goal by Lewis Dunk condemned Brighton to a losing return to England's top flight as they lost 2-0 to Manchester City in the Premier League at the Falmer Stadium on Saturday.
Back in England's top division for the first time in 34 years, the Seagulls spent most of the game on the back foot, content to concede possession and setting up a compact defensive unit deep in their own half.
City's Gabriel Jesus had two goals ruled out - for handball and offside - and Pep Guardiola's team struggled to break Brighton down until Aguero fired home a pass from David Silva to open the scoring in the 70th minute.
Five minutes later, Brighton defender Dunk slammed a header into his own net as he tried to clear a cross under pressure from Gabriel Jesus, with the home side lacking the firepower to mount a comeback. (Reporting by Philip O'Connor; editing by Ken Ferris)
April 10 Bonjour holdings ltd
* Group sold 180 million THIM shares at price of HK$1.20 per THIM share on market through securities broker to independent third buyer(s)
* Aggregate value of consideration is about HK$216 million
* "it is expected that company will record an estimated loss of approximately HK$7.2 million" Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
'We can't do it alone' - Jacinda Ardern promises a partnership with Maori on problems they face
The PM says the Government can only make the gains it wants if it works in partnership with Maori.
One of the great things about hockey is how players settle disputes between one another. You disagree with someone, you drop your gloves and have at it until utter exhaustion sets in and you sit in a box for five minutes and move on.
This year, the Dallas Stars weren't afraid to get in a scuffle or two. They were fourth among all NHL teams with 27 fighting majors trailing only Anaheim (30), Calgary (31) and Florida (a whopping 49!).
Of those 27 for Dallas, Antoine Roussel led the way appearing in six of them. Stephen Johns followed with three, and the rest of the list consisted of 12 players with either one or two scraps of their own.
We're going to take a look back on every fight that happened during the 2017-18 season up until the NHL draft on June 22. Today, we take a look at fight Nos. 18-20 from hockeyfights.com.
===Want to see more fights from 2017? Click here.===
Vote on who won each fight in a poll after the video!
Fight No. 18
Between: Dillon Heatherington and Florida's Alex Petrovic
Date | Location: Jan. 23 | Dallas
Game of the year: No. 67
No. of games between last fight: 0
The fight:
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Birmingham City, Aston Villa and Wolverhampton Wanderers.
Three big Midlands teams that should be gracing the top-flight.
They should be challenging for promotion, instead they are now in the running with the bookies to be amongst the relegation candidates.
Relegation? To League One?
Surely not a realistic proposition?
Well, Wolves have been there before, and when they went there they did so in a complete freefall of form that they never recovered from.
The worrying thing for Aston Villa and Steve Bruce is that their form is very similar, and with two home defeats behind them, it will be a nervous end to the season.
Blues too have a diabolical recent run of form under Gianfranco Zola.
When Gary Rowett was sacked they were just three points off the play-offs, now they are fifteen points off sixth position.
The three teams can't buy wins at the moment.
It's unlikely that any of them will actually make the drop, but you can only get points on the board by sticking the ball in the net.
in three or four games time we will be able to see just how realistic the talk of a relegation battle actually is.
Bet365 have shortened the odds on the three Midland sides, Steve Freeth explains why:
“At differing stages of the season the West Midlands public has been asking whether at least one of the trio could challenge for a Top 6 spot.
“However, we're heading towards the run-in with all three currently looking nervously over their shoulders.”
The betting company have Wolves at 20-1, Villa at 33-1 and Blues at 25-1.
Dear Feelings Doctor: My son is 15 years old and has always been an angel in the family. Suddenly I don't know him. He refuses to do anything to help around the house, and he's constantly complaining about everything. I am concerned he may be doing drugs. What can I do to communicate better, to get inside as his parent and not the enemy? Thank you.
— Powerless in Arroyo Grande
Dear Powerless: Thank you for sharing your story. At 15 years old, your teenager is changing with each breath. He will go to bed as one sweet, loving young angel, and wake up with horns some mornings.
Welcome to puberty! It isn't very pretty sometimes, but everyone will make it out alive!
As for what your son is doing with his friends at school, after school and on the weekends, have your finger on the pulse of his whereabouts. If he closes his bedroom door, go in through a window (metaphorically speaking). It is very important that he have rules, guidelines and boundaries at home and is encouraged to follow them. If possible, have family dinner at least three or four times a week, with your son setting the table or helping in the kitchen.
Each family member has his or her special energies to contribute that help the inner workings of your family exist. Point out the progress he is making and have those all-important talks about small things as well as drugs or anything else he is wondering about right now. This is the time his curiosity will be growing in a lot of different areas. Make sure you talk to him about your concerns and be ready to “listen” to what he shares with you.
The next time you have this talk it will be easier, and please know there should be an ongoing dialogue with your son about everything in his life right now.
Part of growing up as a teen is getting ready to push parents away in a natural progressive dance. Teens do not have the thought process just yet to separate from their parents with diplomacy. They really do need you to show them how it is done. Your patience is utterly important along with your love right now.
Remember: Just because they roll their eyes doesn't mean they close their ears.
Dear Feelings Doctor: Please answer this “age-old” question: Can men and women really be “just friends”? Thanks very much. I just need to know!
— Craig in Santa Barbara
Dear Craig: Well, my friend, it's a really great experience when it happens. It takes lots of work to get to that beautiful, blissful place, and worth every drop of effort one puts into it, for sure.
The bottom line is: Women go to women to share their thoughts and deep feelings. Well, guess what? So do men — they love having a woman friend they can go to in their time of crisis and share every tiny detail. Guys don't really share that kind of stuff with other guys. There really is “friendship attraction” once both parties get past the bumpy stage of “should we sleep together to see if it's great or just be friends?” part.
Remember, animalistic attraction is the first response that we humans notice, but society has a difficult time figuring out this whole male/female friendship thing. People seem to feel more comfortable when they know what column you go into. It makes everyone feel safer to know that you go into this box or that box. Well, guess what? Fit into a box if you like, but actually, shhh — there really is no box.
Besides, being best friends with the opposite sex can be an illuminating, fulfilling experience.
Dear Feelings Doctor: My daughter is only 14 and pregnant. My husband and I are furious and at the same time wondering how to handle this situation. She wants to have the baby but refuses to say who the father is and, furthermore, says he is out of the picture. What do we do? We love her so much, and this is the last thing we could ever imagine happening to her — to all of us.
— Parents in Santa Barbara
Dear Parents: This is a very challenging time for your family. I understand the stress and thoughts that may be filling your days right now. What you choose to do as a family in supporting your daughter is so very important.
It is something that needs to be discussed together in a gentle, caring way, along with the options that are available to her. This is definitely one of the biggest decisions of her life. Having her talk to others, talk to a counselor, talk to girls who have gone through this experience, and support, support, support your daughter as much as possible.
Whatever she chooses, having educated information will help her greatly. It is a huge decision and a lot to process for a 14-year-old girl. Know that the strength and love of your family will carry everyone through this important time. Blessings to you all.
Got a question for The Feelings Doctor? Click here to submit a question anonymously.
— Psychotherapist Randi Rabin, M.A., MFTI, answers reader questions in her weekly Noozhawk column, The Feelings Doctor, and can be contacted at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . She received her bachelor's degree in psychology from Antioch University Santa Barbara and completed her master's degree in psychology at Pacifica Graduate Institute under the guidance of renowned psychologist Stephen Aizenstat, Pacifica's chancellor and founding president. She has worked as a counselor with a number of local nonprofit organizations and schools. Click here for previous columns. The opinions expressed are her own.
Georgia Military College has been ranked the #1 Community college in Georgia. That's where TheBestSchools.org, an independent organization made up of educators, editors, authors, and web professionals, placed them.
GMC was also ranked #14 nationally out of the top 50 of 1,132 Junior/Community colleges in the nation. The website identifies several factors to select the top community colleges. They include sustained achievement outcomes, learning outcomes, deployment outcomes, equitable outcomes, and cost-to-value outcomes.
Dr. Mike Holmes, the Vice President of Academic Affairs and Dean of Faculty said, "We are very proud of this recognition and also very proud of our faculty, staff and students. GMC's Vision 2029 gives focus on improving students' personal well-being and giving hope for a brighter future. Our faculty and staff are truly making a difference in students' lives".
Georgia Military College was also ranked high by Diverse: Issues In Higher Education. GMC ranked #3 in Business/Commerce, General for the African American students, #3 in Education for the African American students, as well as #3 in psychology for the African American students, and ranked #1 for the state of Georgia in all three of those categories.
Copyright 2018 WFXG. All rights reserved.
* Trump says dollar getting too strong
* JPMorgan slightly higher on profit beat
* Wells Fargo down as profit slips
* Dow flat, S&P up 0.02 pct, Nasdaq up 0.18 pct (Updates to open)
By Yashaswini Swamynathan
April 13 U.S. stocks were little changed on Thursday as investors assessed the first rush of bank earnings and President Donald Trump's remarks on the dollar's strength and interest rates.
Shares of JPMorgan and Citigroup rose about 1 percent after the two banks reported better-than-expected quarterly profits.
However, Wells Fargo slipped 2.5 percent after reporting a big drop in mortgage banking revenue.
The earnings reports come in the wake of a frenetic rally in bank shares that started after Trump's election as U.S. president on hopes that he would rein in banking regulations and introduce other business friendly policies.
At 10:01 a.m. EDT (1401 GMT) the Dow Jones industrial average was down 0.58 points, flat, at 20,591.28, the S&P 500 was up 0.68 points, or 0.028999 percent, at 2,345.61 and the Nasdaq Composite was up 10.40 points, or 0.18 percent, at 5,846.56.
"Investors will (be) faced with another day of market uncertainties as bank earnings, geopolitical worries and Trump's comments on the greenback are being reflected in the volatility index that is flashing trouble ahead," Peter Cardillo, chief market economist at First Standard Financial, wrote in a note.
Trump told the Wall Street Journal on Wednesday that the dollar "was getting too strong" and that he would like to see interest rates stay low.
The S&P 500 financial index was up 0.2 percent, while five other S&P sectors were down.
Nine of the 11 major S&P sectors were lower, led by a 0.4 percent decline in financials. Bank of America and Goldman Sachs are due to report results next week.
Shares of Applied Optoelectronics jumped nearly 23 percent to $50.15 after the company said it expected first-quarter earnings to exceed its forecast.
Trading volumes could be lower than usual on Thursday ahead of the Good Friday holiday.
Declining issues outnumbered advancers on the NYSE by 1,403 to 1,186. On the Nasdaq, 1,201 issues fell and 1,163 advanced.
The S&P 500 index showed two 52-week highs and no lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 10 highs and 27 lows. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva)
A Russian journalist who was reportedly gunned down in Ukraine's capital strolled into a news conference that authorities called overnight to discuss the investigation of his death, revealing that the slaying had been staged to foil an alleged Kremlin hit plot.
"I'm still alive," Arkady Babchenko, 41, told startled fellow reporters at the news conference held less than a day after police reported he had been shot and killed at his Kiev apartment building.
Ukrainian police said yesterday that Babchenko, a strong critic of the Kremlin, was shot multiple times in the back, found bleeding there by his wife and died on the way to the hospital. Kiev's police chief said he suspected the journalist was killed because of his work.
Details of the sting operation were not clear, including why authorities decided to go to such lengths to make it look as if Babchenko was dead. The head of the Ukrainian Security Service said the suspected organiser of the alleged hit plot was detained overnight NZT, suggesting the bogus killing was aimed at flushing him out.
Babchenko apologised to his wife, who he said was not briefed on the scheme in advance, "for the hell she had to go through in the past two days. There was no choice there, either."
The astonishing turn of events brought harsh criticism from Russia and the international media advocacy group Reporters Without Borders.
The journalist group's director, Christophe Deloire, expressed on Twitter his "deepest indignation at the discovery of the manipulation of the Ukrainian secret services. It is always deeply dangerous for states to play with the facts."
Konstantin Kosachev, head of the international affairs committee of the upper house of the Russian parliament, compared Ukraine's allegations to Britain's claims that Moscow was behind the nerve gas poisonings of a Russian former spy and his daughter in England. Russia vehemently denies poisoning Sergei Skripal and his daughter, Yulia Skripal.
"The logic is the same - to defame Russia," Kosachev told the state news agency Tass.
Neither Babchenko nor Ukrainian Security Service chief Vasyl Gritsak provided details of how they staged Babchenko's injuries or made his wife believe he was dead.
The movie-like twist came as Gritsak convened the news conference to announce the security agency and the police had solved Babchenko's reported slaying. He then confused everyone there by inviting the supposed slaying victim into the room.
To applause and gasps, Babchenko took the floor and apologised to the friends and family who mourned for him and were unaware of the plan.
"I'm still alive," he said. "I know that sickening feeling when you bury a colleague. I'm sorry you had to go through this but there was no other way."
Before ushering Babchenko into the room for the big reveal, Gritsak said investigators had identified a Ukrainian citizen who allegedly was paid $40,000 by the Russian security service to organise and carry out the hit. The unidentified Ukrainian man in turn allegedly hired an acquaintance to be the gunman, Gritsak said.
The man allegedly paid to organise Banchenko's killing was detained Wednesday, he said, showing a video of the arrest.
Gritsak said killing Babchenko was part of a larger alleged plot by Russian security services. The Ukrainian man also was supposed to procure large quantities of weapons and explosives, including 300 AK-47 rifles and "hundreds of kilos of explosives," to perpetrate acts of terror in Ukraine, he said.
Babchenko said he was not allowed to go into the details of his false death. He said Ukrainian law enforcement had been aware of a contract on his head for two months. He said he was approached by the Ukrainian Security Service, or SBU, a month ago.
"The important thing is my life has been saved and other, bigger terrorist attacks have been thwarted," he said.
Babchenko, one of Russia's best-known war reporters, fled the country in February 2017. He spoke and wrote about needed to leave Russia because of threats against him and his family.
Kaduna – The Kaduna State Police Command says it has arrested four suspected cattle rustlers after a fierce gun battle in Kaduna.
The Public Relation Officer of the command, ASP Mukhtar Aliyu, said this in a statement on behalf of the Commissioner of Police, Mr Austin Iwar, on Wednesday in Kaduna.
Spected cattle rustlers killed three people and injured four others in Chikun and Birnin Gwari Local Government Areas of the state at about 2 p.m on May 29, and carted away cattle.
Aliyu said that the command received a distress call on May 29 at about 2 p.m that a large number of heavily armed men on motorcycles invaded Kuriga village in Chikun Local Government Area and attacked cattle rearers in the bush.
He said: “In a swift response, a combined team of Police and Vigilante Teams went after the fleeing bandits where they engaged them in a fierce gun battle resulting in the arrest of four of them while others escaped with bullet wounds.
“The arrested suspects are assisting the police in investigation aimed at apprehending other gang members on the run.''
The spokesman appealed to members of the public to be vigilant and report any person with suspicious
wounds to the nearest security agency.
“Members of the public are free to go about their lawful businesses as the Police Command remains resolute in fighting crimes and criminal activities,” he said. (NAN)
SYDNEY, Feb 2 (Reuters) - An Australian court on Friday dismissed a suit accusing Crown Resorts Ltd, the biggest listed casino operator outside China, and slot machine maker Aristocrat Leisure Ltd of giving gamblers misleading information on chances of winning.
The ruling, on grounds of lack of specific evidence, is a small but high-visibility win for Crown, controlled by billionaire James Packer, which has battled unproven claims of poker machine fixing and encouraging problem gambling at its flagship Melbourne casino.
Australian regulators have said they would investigate the claims, which Crown denies.
A Federal Court judge said Shonica Guy, who described herself as a former gambling addict, had raised important questions about how casinos treat problem gamblers but failed to prove the defendants' misleading or unconscionable conduct.
“My findings ... do not diminish the tragedies involved in the accounts given by Ms Guy and the other lay witnesses,” the judge, Debra Mortimer, wrote.
“However...most of this evidence was not specific enough to contribute to proving the allegations made.”
A spokeswoman for Crown had no immediate comment.
Guy was “grateful for the opportunity to have had my day in court on behalf of all Australians who have been hurt by the pokies,” she said in a statement issued by her law firm.
The firm, Maurice Blackburn, said it was “proud that our case has been able to play a role in the conversation we must continue to have” about problem gambling, but did not say if it would renew action in the courts.
Crown is especially reliant on keeping a positive reputation in Australia since the jailing of more than a dozen of its staff in China, for selling gambling holidays there, prompted it to quit all offshore interests and focus on its home market.
Guy had not sought damages but wanted instead court-ordered declarations that Crown and Aristocrat engaged in misleading conduct and a ban on a certain slot machine in its current configuration.
The filing said a slot machine called Dolphin Treasure at Crown's Melbourne casino suggested its five “reels” had the same number of characters but one column had substantially more, lowering a gambler's chance of a win.
But a reasonable gambler would get a realistic idea of the chances of winning “as soon as she or he actually starts gambling and the randomness of the operation of the machine and the returns become apparent”, Justice Mortimer wrote.
While Guy's evidence was credible, she added, “the absence of specific evidence from individuals claiming to have been exploited or victimised during gambling sessions at Crown Casino because of the identified features of the Dolphin Treasure (machine) substantially affected the strength of the applicant's case”.
In a statement, Aristocrat said it welcomed the decision and would continue backing “balanced and fact-based harm minimisation initiatives”. (Reporting by Byron Kaye; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
BERLIN May 2 The ultra-loose monetary policy environment raises new risks for the world economy, which is still feeling the effects of the 2008 financial crisis, German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble said on Tuesday, urging a timely exit strategy.
Speaking at a G20 sponsored business conference in the German capital, Schaeuble rejected accusations that Germany was manipulating the euro to boost exports and rejected any form of protectionism as damaging to the world economy.
"If we have learnt anything from the past, it is that nationalism and protectionism are never the right answer," he said. "We have to make our economies more robust. I am confused by those who say that Germany is unfairly manipulating monetary policy."
Schaeuble warned that failure to shield the world economy from future financial shocks could spell turbulence. (Reporting by Joseph Nasr and Paul Carrel)
April 6 Horizon Global Corp
* Horizon Global - on March 31, entered into 2017 replacement term loan amendment to amend term loan credit agreement, dated as of June 30, 2015
* Horizon Global - amendment provides for replacement term loan facility, in aggregate principal amount of $160 million to replace prior term loan facility
* Horizon Global - proceeds of replacement term loan facility used to repay amount of term loans outstanding immediately prior to effectiveness of amendment Source text: (bit.ly/2oFtzvt) Further company coverage:
The luxury home builder has two move-in ready homes available.
Bellvue Country Manor
Contact
Laurie Anderson
***@prexperts.com Laurie Anderson
End
-- Toll Brothers has made it easy for prospective home buyers who are looking for a new home in its popular community The Enclave at McKay Shores. The luxury home builder has two move-in-ready homes that will be available in early fall, complete with front landscaping and beautiful upgrades selected.Nearing sell-out, The Enclave at McKay Shores is adjacent to McKay Lake and combines exceptional affordability with a convenient location unmatched in Broomfield for new luxury homes."Our residents enjoy the small town atmosphere of this community with homes surrounded by more than nine acres of community open space, parks, and scenic walking and biking trails," says Marie Bryant, sales manager. Shopping, dining and parks are all within walking distance.The new move-in ready homes are both two-story homes--the 2,746-sq.-ft. Bellevue Country Manor and the 3,004-sq.-ft. Yuma Country Manor.The Bellevue has 3 bedrooms, 2-1/2 baths, a gourmet kitchen with quartz countertops, and a 3-car split garage. The home also features two covered patios; a two-story great room and foyer; a study; an elegant master bedroom suite with walk-in closet and elegant bath, and much more. It is priced at $667,981.The Yuma has 4 bedrooms with a first floor master bedroom, 2-1/2 baths, a 3-car tandem garage, and a rear-covered patio. The home also features an enlarged, walk-out lower level (on the last home site available for a walk-out), gourmet kitchen with quartz and granite, a two-story great room, and much more. It is priced at $713,098.For more information, visit QuickDeliveryHomes.com ( https://www.tollbrothers.com/ luxury-homes- for-sale/Colora... ).To visit the sales office for The Enclave at McKay Shores ( http://www.tollbrothers.com/ CO/The_Enclave_ at_McKay_Shores ), take the 136Avenue Exit from I-25. Go west on 136Avenue for 1.2 miles to N. Quivas Street. Proceed north on Quivas and take the first right. Proceed to the model home and sales office at 13628 Pecos Loop. For more information, call 303-452-5173.An award-winningcompany founded in 1967, Toll Brothers embraces an unwavering commitment to quality and customer service. Toll Brothers is currently building in 20 states nationwide and is a publicly owned company whose stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange. For three years in a row, Toll Brothers has been ranked theon the FORTUNE Magazinelist.* In 2015, the Company was named one of† by. Toll Brothers was also honored as nationalbymagazine, and was twice named nationalbymagazine.This is not an offering where prohibited by law.
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup he co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
Footwear industries have rose with a pace and recorded a green growth in the past few years across the globe.
Global Athletic Footwear Market Report (2016-2023)
Media Contact
Research Nester
16465869123
***@researchnester.com Research Nester16465869123
End
-- Introduction of different types of footwear for various purposes in order to maintain the well-being and lifestyle is driving the footwear industry globally. Technological advancement in footwear industries has led the manufacturers to manufacture good quality products to fulfill the growing requirement of consumers. Adoption of high-end quality raw material and using of machines in order to produce precise and accurate products for the comfort of consumers has led the consumers to spend more on footwear.Rising concern towards fitness and increasing health consciousness among the population in urban regions are some of the key factors which are swelling the demand for athletic footwear. Growing economies across the globe has started various initiatives such as investments and regulations in order to provide quality goods to consumers to minimize the risk of diseases.Further, growing infrastructure facilities in developing nations and positive growth of GDP along with rise in personal disposable income are attracting more consumers towards athletic footwear. Availability of strong distribution channel and ease of availability of athletic footwear at online stores are likely to upsurge the demand for athletic footwear in near future. Moreover, footwear manufacturers are focusing on quality and cost effective athletic footwear which are durable and comfortable for the consumers. These advantages of athletic footwear are expected to bolster the market in near future. Likewise, adoption of the latest 3-D printing technology by the shoe manufacturers in order to manufacture shoes in less time and with enhanced quality is the key factor for the growth of athletic footwear market over the forecast period i.e. 2016-2023.Market size and forecastThe global athletic footwear market was valued at USD 75.2 Billion in 2015 and is projected to reach a value of USD 115.6 Billion by 2023. Further, the market is anticipated to register a CAGR of 2.3% over the forecast period i.e. 2016-2023. The demand of athletic footwear is expected to rise on the back of factors such as growing popularity of various games and rising concern towards health and fitness in urban regions across the globe.The demand for sports shoes is predicted to witness a significant growth in near future owing to rising gym and sports infrastructure in urban regions across the globe. However, the running and walking shoes segment accounted the largest market share of 40.2% in 2015 on the back of concern towards health and fitness. Asia-Pacific region is estimated to lead the global market for athletic footwear and is expected to register the maximum growth over the forecast period i.e. 2016-2023.Rising sports infrastructure across the region, rising populations and growing concern towards fitness, positive GDP figure which leads to increase personal disposable income, availability of branded athletic footwear on account of huge distribution channels and shifting of footwear manufacturing industries owing to availability of low-cost labor and raw material are some of the factors which is expected to pave the market of athletic footwear across the region of Asia-Pacific in near future.On the other hand, Europe and North-America collectively accounted the largest revenue share in 2015 and is expected to continue their dominance over the forecast period i.e. 2016-2023. The demand for athletic footwear in both the regions are swelling on the back of factors such as presence of huge brand players, reduction in import duties which is reducing the cost of footwear as compared to the imported footwear cost and growing gym and sports infrastructure on account of rapid urbanization.Growth Drivers and challengesIncrease popularity of sports among the population in urban regions has accelerated the demand for athletic footwear. Rise in gross disposable income in growing economies, rapidly spreading awareness towards health and fitness, increasing sports facilities in growing economies across the globe and shifting of consumer towards innovative, comfortable and affordable products are some of the factors driving the market for athletic footwear across the globe.To know more about this research, kindly visit:For Table of Content & Free Sample Report Contact:Ajay DanielEmail: ajay.daniel@researchnester.comU.S. +1 646 586 9123U.K. +44 203 608 5919
April 20 Versus Capital Multimgr Real Estate Inc FD LLC
* Versus Capital registers an additional $2 billion of shares and raises the investment minimum of its multi-manager real estate income fund to $10 million
* Versus Capital Multimgr Real Estate Inc FD LLC - Registered an additional $2 billion of shares, bringing total registered share value to $4 billion Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Bangladeshi workers Shafi Islam and Hasan claim that #39Indians mostly from Punjab were killed by ISIS militants.
— ABP News (@abpnewstv) November 27, 2014
NEW DELHI: Thirty-nine Indians kidnapped by the Islamic State in Iraq's Mosul in 2014 are dead, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj told the Rajya Sabha on Tuesday.She told the House that their bodies were spotted using deep penetration radar. The bodies were exhumed from mass graves in Iraq's Badush and DNA testing led to the identification of 38 as being of missing Indians, she said.ABP News had in November 2014 reported about these killing on account of two Bangladeshi workers whom the channel spoke to in Kurdistan's capital Erbil four years ago.The Islamic State seized control of Mosul, Iraq's second-largest city, in June 2014 after it defeated the Iraqi Army, resulting in killings of thousands of civilians. However, Iraqi forces initiated an offensive in October 2016, to retake the city and succeeded in their efforts in July 2017.ABP News Correspondent Jagwinder Patial who had visited Erbil along with spiritual leader Sri Sri Ravi Shankar in November 2014 met two Bangladeshi workers -- Shafi Islam and Hasan -- who gave chilling details about the ordeal they Indians suffered under the hands of the ISIS.The two Bangladeshi nationals working for a construction company in Iraq mentioned about one Indian worker Harjeet Masih who miraculously escaped from the clutches of the militants. Harjeet informed Shafi and Hasan that he witnessed the killings of all his Indian co-workers.Erbil was the place where thousands of people from different locations escaped into as it was considered to be safe from ISIS' onslaught at that time.Shafi told ABP News that they were travelling to Mosul from Baghdad and on the way were kidnapped by ISIS militants on June 11.The entire workers comprised of 51 Bangladeshis and 40 Indian workers which included mostly citizens from Punjab and some from Kolkata. The Indians comprised of 2 old aged men while the rest were relatively young.The masked militants holding pistols and Qurans in their hands segregated the workers from both the nationalities in two groups. After scrutinizing the Bangladeshis and knowing about their religious faith, militants told them that they would be taken to Erbil soon. While the Indians were kept in a different room who sensed they too would be released.Their mobiles and passports were all confiscated by the militants. All of them were given just one roti at 10 am during the entire day.However, Harjeet told Shafi that on June 15, they had taken all the 40 Indians along with him to a hilly terrain where all of them were shot. Harjeet too suffered two bullet injuries but acted as if he was dead. To confirm even Harjeet was dead, he was kicked by them but since they didn't observe any movement in his body made them conclude that he had perished too.The terrifying narration by Shafi and Hasan had then made us constantly ask them that despite being shot at how did Harjeet manage to escape? Hasan said the bullets must have just brushed him and not penetrated deep inside.Shafi had said that the location where Indians were shot dead and where the Bangladeshi workers were confined to was only 6 kms. Harjeet reached that location named Al Jamia by ISIS gunmen who did not suspect of what he has gone through.He told ISIS brigade dropped him there as he lied to them that he was a Bangladeshi named Ali. Very successfully he dodged the militants by faking his identity.“Harjeet was a dark man, 5.5 feet tall & had little beard. He used to speak to the militants in English, he knew little Arabic,” Shafi described the Indian's appearance.“He was petrified and crying. We made sure then that his identity would not be revealed and was taken to a different building so that no one doubts him. Harjeet was made to read namaz with us,” Shafi claimed.“On the way to Erbil, we were checked the by Iraqi military. We had informed our embassy. Harjeet was with us. The army took our photos and were taken to Erbil in our office vehicle,” says Hasan.Shafi had said, “Harjeet spoke to India embassy and informed about the killings. He is likely to be in Erbil.”Shafi had also recognized a lot of pictures of Indians we had carried. He could identify Nand Lal, Harish and Tiwari.
April 12 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the Mexican championship First Stage matches on Tuesday Tuesday, April 11 Chiapas 0 Club Leon 0 Tigres 3 Guadalajara 0 Veracruz 3 Puebla 2 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Toluca 12 8 1 3 17 11 25 2 Guadalajara 13 7 3 3 19 15 24 3 Monterrey 12 6 4 2 21 12 22 4 Club Tijuana 12 5 4 3 24 18 19 5 Santos Laguna 12 4 7 1 16 12 19 6 Atlas 12 5 3 4 19 16 18 7 America 12 5 3 4 13 12 18 8 Pachuca 12 5 3 4 11 11 18 ------------------------- 9 UNAM 12 5 2 5 20 18 17 10 Monarcas Morelia 12 4 5 3 11 11 17 11 Tigres 13 4 4 5 14 10 16 12 Queretaro 12 4 3 5 16 17 15 13 Veracruz 13 5 0 8 11 18 15 14 Chiapas 13 4 2 7 12 22 14 15 Club Leon 13 3 4 6 16 19 13 16 Cruz Azul 12 2 5 5 10 14 11 17 Necaxa 12 2 5 5 12 19 11 18 Puebla 13 2 4 7 15 22 10 1-8: Championship play-off Next Fixtures (GMT): Thursday, April 13 Queretaro v Club Tijuana (0000) Santos Laguna v Monterrey (0030) America v Necaxa (0200) Pachuca v Monarcas Morelia (0206) Atlas v UNAM (0230) Friday, April 14 Toluca v Cruz Azul (0200)
WASHINGTON The U.S. Commerce Department said on Tuesday it plans to open investigations into possible dumping and subsidization of imports of tool chests and cabinets from China and Vietnam.
It said the decision follows a petition from Missouri-based Waterloo Industries Inc, a subsidiary of Fortune Brands and Home Security Inc (FBHS.N).
In 2016, imports of tool chests from China and Vietnam totaled $990 million and $77 million, respectively, the department said in a statement.
The U.S. International Trade Commission will make a decision by May 26 on whether the imports cause or threaten to cause injury to U.S. producers, and if it does, the investigations will continue, the department said.
It said it would expect to make a preliminary anti-dumping decision by July and a preliminary countervailing duty decision, or finding of subsidization, by September.
Dumping margins on the products from China are alleged to be 159.99 percent and from Vietnam 21.85 percent, the department said.
Tool chests typically have bodies made of carbon, alloy, and/or stainless steel and may include drawers, trim, or other components made of other metal or non-metal materials, the department said.
(Reporting by Eric Beech; Writing by Eric Walsh; Editing by James Dalgleish)
More than 250 foreign guests and ambassadors from 40 countries have been invited to take part in 'Mashhad 2017' cultural event on January 24, 2017.
Announcing this, Director General of Khorasan Razavi province's Culture and Islamic Guidance Department Saeed Sarabi said that 14 ministers from Islamic countries as well as 20 dignitaries including former ministers and officials in addition to mayors of major cities have been invited to the ceremony.
He said around 150 cultural figures, media managers and directors from different ministries are among the domestic participants.
The official predicted that some 120 Islamic figures will take part in the cultural event.
Mashhad was selected as Asian cultural capital of the Islamic World in 2017 by the Islamic Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization on Sunday.
Japan 2 All Whites 1
The Whites fell minutes short of a morale-boosting draw against Japan overnight, losing 2-1 in Nagoya.
After the hosts opened the scoring from the penalty spot early in the second half, New Zealand equalised with a 57th-minute Chris Wood header and looked like holding on until conceding an 87th-minute goal from close range.
The match was a dress rehearsal for New Zealand's World Cup playoff against the fifth-best South American side in five weeks. There were positives but also areas where improvement is needed to have any hope of reaching next year's finals in Russia.
Advertisement
Ranked 40th in the world, Japan have long been one of Asia's top teams and were among the first countries to qualify for Russia, their sixth successive finals.
But for New Zealand, ranked 113th, their as-yet unknown South American opponents will represent a step up in class. The candidates for next month's playoffs are Argentina (ranked 4th), Chile (9), Colombia (10), Peru (12) and Paraguay (39).
Japan deserved the win on the balance of play but if faced with a similar scenario against the South Americans, an inability to close out the games will result in elimination for the Whites.
New Zealand again looked vulnerable on the flanks, were ragged late in the game as Japan pressed for a winner, were surprisingly caught out with long balls over the top in the first half, and also need to improve their crossing and set-piece delivery.
But on the plus side, coach Anthony Hudson can be happy his side enjoyed lengthy spells of possession and territory through the middle half of the game against technically capable opponents.
The Whites started tentatively, sitting deep and almost inviting Japan to attack. The hosts dominated possession and territory in the opening quarter but spurned several scoring opportunities. The best fell to Shinji Kagawa in the eighth minute, with the former Manchester United midfielder now at Dortmund putting his shot from near the penalty spot against the outside of the post.
New Zealand grew into the game, improving as the half progressed, although creating just one chance of note, Wood blazing over the crossbar after running on to a curled pass over the top from Kosta Barbarouses.
Japan opened the scoring three minutes into the second half. Yuya Osako converted a penalty awarded for a shot driven against the hand of Andrew Durante, who continued to protest the decision on the way back to the restart until he was booked.
New Zealand's response was heartening, dominating territory and threatening with a series of Michael Boxall long throws from the left. That period of pressure culminated in the equaliser, with Marco Rojas crossing from the right for Wood to head in at the far post.
The goal was the Burnley striker's 24th for the Whites, moving him to second equal with Shane Smeltz on New Zealand's all-time scorers' list, behind only Vaughan Coveny's 28.
Japan finished strongly and took the lead when a cross was headed back into the six-yard box and Shu Karata stooped to nod in the winner. The Whites appealed for a penalty for handball a couple of minutes later but were otherwise unable to threaten a second equaliser.
Attention now turns to the final round of South American qualifiers on Wednesday, when New Zealand will finally learn the identity of their playoff opponents.
UPDATE 1-Sky and Virgin Media join forces for targeted TV advertising
LONDON, June 15 British pay-TV rivals Sky and Liberty Global's Virgin Media will team up to offer advertisers access to more than 30 million TV viewers in Britain and Ireland.
Royal Mail's 2017 special stamp programme has been revealed, set to showcase the 'best of British'.
The range of stamps subjects from some of the greatest racehorses from the past six decades to beautiful birds that herald spring and summer in the UK.
Royal Mail stamp programme
Windsor Castle, the oldest inhabited castle in world and an official residence of HM The Queen, is celebrated with iconic views of both the interior and exterior of the castle.
Featured in the stamp set is an image of the world-famous Round Tower that has dominated the Berkshire skyline for over 800 years.
Racehorse Legends will feature eight champion horses that achieved their greatest wins on UK race courses over the last six decades.
The stamp issue also features original artwork commissioned by Royal Mail of four flat racers and four national hunt horses captured in action during the course of their iconic wins.
Royal Mail stamp programme
The Songbirds issue in May will present 10 beautiful birds that herald spring and summer in the UK.
The full list is:
January Ancient Britain
February Windsor Castle
April Racehorse Legends
May Songbirds
June Windmills and Watermills
July First World War: 1917
July Landmark Buildings
August Classic Toys
November Christmas
Here's a montage of every time Harry Potter is mention in the “Harry Potter” movies.
Some people have way too much time on their hands. Two YouTubers went through all eight Harry Potter movies, and posted a montage of just the parts where someone says his name. Which happens a lot. It's about six minutes long.
Fruitcake is known to stay fresh for an inordinate amount of time.
But Antarctic conservators say they recently came upon a specimen that tests the limits of the treat: a 106-year-old cake, found in one of Antarctica's first buildings.
This particular cake is believed to have been brought over in 1910 during the Terra Nova expedition of Robert Falcon Scott. According to the Antarctic Heritage Trust, "it has been documented that Scott took this particular brand of cake with him at that time."
The Huntley & Palmers fruitcake was wrapped in paper and housed in a tin-plated iron alloy tin, which is showing signs of deterioration. However, the cake itself is "well-preserved," the conservators say.
"There was a very, very slight rancid butter smell to it, but other than that, the cake looked and smelled edible!" the Trust's Programme Manager-Artefacts Lizzie Meek said in a statement. "There is no doubt that the extreme cold in Antarctica has assisted its preservation."
The century-old dessert was found with nearly 1,500 other artifacts from two huts at Cape Adare.
According to the Trust, the first buildings on the continent "were built by Norwegian Carsten Borchgrevink's expedition in 1899 and later used by Captain Scott's party in 1911." Meek says the team members were finishing up their work collecting objects when they were surprised to find the old dessert.
She adds that even present day explorers love a good fruitcake: "It's ideal high-energy food for Antarctic conditions, and is still a favorite item on modern day trips to the ice."
The cake's sheer density probably helps. As NPR's Maria Godoy has reported, people doing outdoor work in the Antarctic need about 5,000 calories a day — and more like 6,500 if you're involved in manhauling, which is "pulling sleds across the ice and snow with their bodies."
Maria writes that there's one clear lesson that Antarctic explorers have learned over the years: "When life is stripped down to man versus the most brutal elements, bring plenty of snacks."
This is something Scott's team knew — in fact, Maria says that "his party conducted a study that suggested a high-carb, high-fat diet to be optimal for the harsh climes."
But tragically, explorers on Antarctic expeditions were often hungry. Scott himself starved to death while on the return journey from the South Pole.
The objects recovered from Cape Adare — including a watercolor painting of a Tree Creeper bird by scientist Edward Wilson — are undergoing conservation treatment and will be returned there, because the huts are deemed an Antarctic Specially Protected Area. That will happen after restoration work is finished on the buildings themselves.
Government considering independent animal commissioner after recent footage of mistreatment
The Green Party is also asking if CCTV surveillance on farms and slaughterhouses should be considered.
New Delhi [India], Mar 20 (ANI): Samsung India has announced inauguration of the Samsung Smart Healthcare program at King George Hospital in Visakhapatnam to provide affordable and quality healthcare to patients from the economically and socially weaker sections of society.
As part of the program, Samsung has provided advanced and innovative healthcare equipment such as digital ultrasound and digital x-ray manufactured by the company free to select government hospitals across the country.
The Samsung Smart Healthcare facility in Visakhapatnam was inaugurated by G. Srijana, IAS and Joint Collector, Vizag.
"Quality healthcare facilities are the need of the hour today. We are pleased to collaborate with Samsung India for this program. Samsung Smart Healthcare initiative will equip the hospital with much-needed advanced healthcare devices to facilitate quality healthcare services. We are dedicated to offer affordable and advanced healthcare facilities for the people of Andhra Pradesh and welcome the support from Samsung to equip our hospitals with the latest healthcare equipment," said Pravin Kumar, IAS, Collector and District Magistrate, Visakhapatnam.
Samsung Smart Healthcare is Samsung India's flagship citizenship initiative in the healthcare space.
"Samsung believes in transforming communities and creating a better life for people. We are pleased to partner with the Government of Andhra Pradesh to offer healthcare solutions with the effective use of technology. Through this collaboration, we aspire to provide people in Vishakhapatnam and its adjoining areas easy access to advanced healthcare facilities. Samsung Smart Healthcare program combines good infrastructure, the latest technology and best available medical expertise under one roof," said Deepak Bhardwaj, Vice President, Samsung India.
Samsung Smart Healthcare program aims to support the Government's efforts to benefit communities with limited access to quality healthcare. With innovative products such as digital ultrasound, digital x-ray and accessories that facilitate healthcare intervention and multiple medical examinations, since 2015, Samsung has collaborated with 16 government hospitals across to country for the Samsung Smart Healthcare program.
Over 3.5 lakh patients from economically and socially weaker sections of society have benefitted from the Samsung Smart Healthcare program till date. Doctors, technicians and radiologists are also trained to handle state-of-the-art diagnostic equipment and software. (ANI)
Freeport High School Honor Roll
The following Students at Freeport High School were recognized for academic excellence and earned a place on the second quarter honor roll:
High Honors
Grade 9: Braelyn Bailey, Abigail Brier, Rhea Fitzpatrick, Catriona Gould, Sarah Gray, Rachel Harmon, Marjorie Mcleod, Thomas Robinson, Caroline Smith, Annika Thomas, Molly Whelan
Grade 10: Nova Ambrose, Paul Biberstein, Natalie Crawford, Jason D'Amico, Camden Donald, Leora Doyle, Alec Eames, Zachary Flood, Abigail Fortune, Lillian Horne, Alexander Les, Nicholas Mitch, Shiloh Munsen, Atticus Patrick, Owen Patrick, Samuel Randall, Peter Sachs, Hayden Thomas, Lucy Wing, Sierra Zahares
Grade 11: Emmanuelle Greene
Grade 12: April Asselyn, Kelsey Barrett, Olivia Botting, Keegan Chandler, Ellen Demarsh, Jordan Grotz, Lauren Moore, Emily Randall
Honors
Grade 9: Emma Abbott, Grace Abbott, Jesse Bennell, Ian Capen, Heath Cockburn, Eric Decker, Natalie Domin, Caroline Doyle, Joseph Driscoll, Ava Fox, Lindsey Galletta, Devin Garneau, Hannah Giroux, Jacob Gormely, Deven Hannan, Ashley Harris, Ayanna Hatton, Eden Hayden-Hunt, Caleb Hunter, Parker Landsbergen, Alexys Langley, Samuel Larochelle, Grace Libby, Yi Liu, Makenzie Margerison, Bailey McGee, Rachel Mckittrick, Tara Migliaccio, Tia Peterson, Maggie Riendeau, Charlotte Soule, Caroline Robert Southall, Sarah Baker Southall, Hannah Spaulding, Isabella St.Cyr, Courtney Staples, Anna Whalen
Grade 10: Natalie Ann Anderson, Kaleb Barrett, Grace Battarbee, Sera Bigelow, Marley Cloutier, Jacob Collard, Meredith Dowling-Wolfe, Cristina Fente Gutierrez, John Giddens, Liam Gould, Allison Greuel, Liam Grogan, Sophie Hight, Moriah Hollen, Toby Holt, Finn Johnston, Anne Kelley, Abigail King, Abbye Koenig, Alexa Koenig, Anna Labbe, Reilly Lefebvre, Jasmen Libby, Jessica Minieri, Benjamin Monahan-Morang, Tanner Morrison, Margaret Perrotta, Rebecca Pierce, Aaron Rusiecki, Margaret Ryan, Tabatha Sabans, Robert Sawyer, Jacob Selian, Eriksen Charles Shea, Joseph Sylvester, Brooke Toothaker, Jacob Tucker, Kelsey Williams, Grace Wogan
Grade 11: Griffin Agnese, Beverly Anderson, Benjamin Bailey, Maya Bradbury, Jared Burns, Rebecca Cameron, Emma Carter, Grace Cushman, Chloe Davidson, Taylor Dostie, Thomas Doyle, Jessica Driscoll, Maya Egan, Julia Haldeman, Lydia Hollen, Carter Jedrey-Irvin, Gabriel Johnson, Elida Kydyrova, Sarah Lano, Rachele Manfredi, Isabel Masison, Paige Masse-Brooks, Luisa Negraes Eschberger, Caleb Salter-Gurau, Sydney San, Lauren Schenker, Grace Schnyder, Alena Schurer, Ethan Sclar, Hannah Skorapa, Nathan Thomas, Callie Toothaker, Emale Whited
Grade 12: Olivia Alterio, Abigail Arruda, Rachel Balzer, Brianna Bellefleur, Haley Boyden, Joseph Burke, Maxwell Doughty, Donald Egan, Zoe Fox, Kara Galletta, Jessica Gray, Olivia Greuel, Simon Handelman, Dossey Harvey, Maxwell Heathco, Bennett Hight, Henry Jaques, Emily Latulippe, Isabelle McClelland, Priyanka Miller, Spencer Morse, Danielle Moyer, Yacob Olins, Natalie Pagnano, Neil Panosian, Eric Pelletier, Reid Poissonnier, Christian Potts, Jordan Randall, Mckenzie Rogers, Megan Seymour, John Smail, Amber Smith, Sarah Sutherland, Alex Washburn, Olivia Watts, Zachary Wenzler, Min Wu, Chandler Wyman, Rachel Young
North Yarmouth Academy Honor Roll
The following students who live in The Forecaster's coverage area attained honor roll status during the first semester at North Yarmouth Academy.
Highest Honors
Grade 5: Alexander Barron, Elizabeth Coleman, Owen Cook, Liam Devine, Davis Gall, Haley Hegarty, Caleb King, Nathan Oney
Grade 6: Seamus Rohde, Sally Stronge
Grade 7: Owen Frank, Lila Jackson, Abigail King, Bella Moulton, Elliott Oney, Bryce Poulin, Charles Rohde, Jack Schaeffer, Blythe Thompson, Madeleine Vaillancourt
Grade 8: Camille Beaudoin, Eleanor Commons, Nathan Cook, Jacquelyn Ellsworth, Laini Frager, Wylie Jacobs, Elaine Lemieux, Annie Sillin, Tellie Stamaris, Anna Yankee, Samuel Yankee
Grade 9: Spencer Barton, Sydney Billings, Benjamin Frank, Ellen Hilscher, Katherine Larson, Afton Morton, Cameron Pickle, Bronwen Ramsey-Brimberg
Grade 10: Xander Kostelnik, Alexandra Markonish, Andrew Schaeffer
Grade 11: Justin Guo, Richard Hilscher, Troy Hou, Jack Sillin, Leo Webster
Grade 12: Sarah Austin, Alexander Bartone, Andrew Keith, Kiersten Marr, Savannah Shaw, Manna Zhao
High Honors
Grade 5: Finlay Gepfert , Sasha Schutz, Jacob Soroff, William Street, Eben Weislogel
Grade 6: Laurel Buehner, Carson Gall, John Hegarty, Campbell Litz, Lucas Markonish, Callahan Nice Ethan Schutz, Clara Taylor, Alexander Wignall
Grade 7: Simon Algara, Henry Bergeron, Bryce Bernier, Oliver Hemphill, Aidan Lacombe, Harry Marcus, Aisley Snell, James Tourigny
Grade 8: Keegan Goodell, Taylor Hemenway, William Jackson, Anders Jonsson, Olivia Juve, Marina Piehl
Grade 9: Madison Argitis, Emily Beisel-Bolen, Jack Bontatibus, Maya Davis, Jillian Demeule, Reese Farrell, Caroline Gepfert, Matthew McGrath, Hannah Mills, William Tatge, Eliza Tod
Grade 10: Abram Buehner, Hannah Gagne, Elora Griswold, Margaret Larson, Clara Mulvihill, Reed Silvers, Aidan Yilmaz
Grade 11: Charlotte Collins, Evan Davis, Ellie Dickson, Parker Elkins, Kara Jensen
Grade 12: Michael Adams, Henry Briggs, Suzanna Butterfield, Zelda Clegg, C.J. Conner, Grace Dexter Kyle Kostelnik, Gabrielle Linscott, Amber Liu, Dana Nichols, Thomas Pitts, Henry Quesada, Milla Rosenfeld, Jeremy Thelven, Lauren Tufts
Honors
Grade 6:Vy Tran
Grade 7: Tiger DiMillo, Alev Yilmaz
Grade 8: Patrick Alberding, Elyse Baron, Jonah Eng, Salem Griswold, Michael Hynes, Jack Nice, Samuel Soroff ,Jack Thibodeau
Grade 9: Marley Boettcher, Elizabeth Gagnon, Samson Shen, Hannah Twombly, Daniel Zajkowski
Grade 10: Carson Fassett, Sydney Gilman, Cooper Hogan, Lloyd Lathrop, Jack Lent, Jackson Linscott Sydney Plummer, Amber Rose, Joshua Soucy, Joseph Strabley, Alasdair Swett
Grade 11: Megan Alberding, Reece Bartolini, Rachel Bolling, William Flatt, Isabella MacMahon, Kieran Rowe
Grade 12: Galen Arnold, Haven Cutko, Jake Malcom, Madison Rand, Isabelle See, Nathaniel Sinibaldi, Cameron Woods
By Johnbosco Agbakwuru
ABUJA – CHAIRMAN of the Federal Inland Revenue Services (FIRS), Babatunde Fowler, has declared that there is no case of multiple taxation in the country, contrary to the widely held notion.
The FIRS boss who stated this while briefing State House Correspondents after a session with the Federal Executive Council (FEC), also disclosed that the Council has ratified the automatic exchange of information with other countries.
Fowler also said that those who refused to take advantage of the grace given by the Voluntary Assets Income Declaration Scheme (VAIDS) policy, which expired at the end of last month, would be made to pay their taxes with the corresponding penalties.
On complaints on multiple taxation, Fowler said “Let me say once again that we do not really have a situation of multiple taxation. You only have multiple taxation when you pay the same tax to different tiers of government. What we have found out is that a lot of people categorize any payment to government as a tax.
“For example if you receive fine, a penalty they call it a tax. If you pay for the parking space, they call it a tax. Those are the things you refer to as user charges and not taxes.”
On why he appeared before FEC, he said “I was here today to attend the meeting with the minister of finance to ratify the automatic exchange of information. Basically what this means is that Nigeria as a country exchange financial information with other member countries which hopefully should improve our revenues and also ensure that all Nigerians that do have investments or businesses or incomes abroad will pay their taxes as and when due.”
On update on VAIDS, he said “The update is that it expired June 30th. And anyone who has not come forth by now we shall use all the legal means to make sure that we bring them to book and make sure that they pay the appropriate tax with interests and penalties.”
Asked how the people responded to the VAIDS policy, Fowler said “Well the response has been very good. We are collating all the figures both at the federal levels and the states levels and I believe that by the middle of July, we should be able to tell the nation the exact progress in terms of the numbers that have declared, amount that have been paid and amount that is going to be paid instalmentally.”
On what the government was doing to encourage the people to pay their taxes voluntarily, he said “The federal government has through the ministry of information and also through the office of the Vice President have been talking about the different projects that have been financed with tax revenues and I think as Nigerians begin to see those dividends of democracy, very good spending, people will be more encouraged to pay more taxes.”
BERLIN (Reuters) - Bottom-of-the-table Cologne's dismal season took another twist on Sunday when they blew a three-goal lead to lose 4-3 at home to fellow strugglers Freiburg and remain winless after 15 games in the Bundesliga.
Soccer Football - Bundesliga - FC Cologne vs SC Freiburg - RheinEnergieStadion, Cologne, Germany - December 10, 2017 SC Freiburg's Nils Petersen celebrates scoring a penalty REUTERS/Thilo Schmuelgen
In a game that began half an hour late for snow to be cleared from the pitch, Nils Petersen scored two penalties in the final minutes to complete a hat-trick and win the match for the visitors, who began the day one place above their opponents.
Cologne, in their first league game under caretaker coach Stefan Ruthenbeck after Peter Stoeger was fired a week ago, looked certain to pick up their first league win of the season as they raced to a 3-0 lead in less than half an hour.
“What happened today was very painful,” said Ruthenbeck. “We began well and did everything right early on. But after halftime the game was turned on its head.”
Lukas Kluenter sidefooted home from Milos Jojic's pass to put them ahead, Sehrou Guirassy won and converted a penalty and Caleb Stanko turned Konstantin Rausch's cross into his own goal.
It began to go wrong for the Billy Goats when Petersen volleyed one back five minutes before halftime and the tension was palpable after Janik Haberer headed a second in the 65th minute.
Petersen then equalised with his first penalty in the 89th minute, after Salih Ozcan fouled Nicolas Hoefler, and struck the winner from the spot in the fifth minute of stoppage time, this time following handball by Guirassy.
Cologne remained stuck on three points at the bottom, eleven adrift of Werder Bremen, while Freiburg climbed out of the direct relegation spots to 16th with 15 points.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Plans will soon be submitted to build hundreds of homes, new schools and shops that could transform the outskirts of Derby.
Applications for 1,950 houses, an 800-place secondary school, a primary school and a shopping centre are set to be submitted as part of plans for a new village on fields between the A50 and Wragley Way, near Sinfin.
In total, the Infinity Garden Village proposals will see 2,130 houses built. Some 130 homes in Wragley Way have already been approved by Derby City Council. Up to 630 homes will be affordable housing.
Further proposals include building a place of worship, doctor's clinic, village hall, railway station and cycle paths, along open space, play areas, sports pitches and allotments.
Residents will be encouraged to grow their own produce in their gardens or at community allotments as part of a wider "vision" for the scheme to have high environmental standards, with widespread trees and hedges.
To help promote this aim, residents are set to be given free bus passes to promote sustainable travel, alongside sufficient numbers of electric charging points and cycle parking.
Homeowners and businesses located in the garden village will be obliged to pay a small annual fee towards the upkeep of the environment in public areas within the village.
(Image: South Derbyshire District Council)
Some plots of land will be made available for people who wish to build their own homes.
Housebuilders contributing to the garden village will be obliged to contribute to the development of the area's construction sector, through a pledge to use a percentage of local businesses and to develop the construction skills of young people in the region.
South Derbyshire District Council, Derby City Council and Derbyshire County Council will oversee the vast project.
The scheme will cover 1,111 acres in total, an area big enough to accommodate 600 football pitches. 289 acres, or four million square feet, of which will be employment land added on as an extension to the current Infinity Park, from which the village plan gets its name.
(Image: South Derbyshire District Council)
It is thought that 5,000 jobs will be created as a result of the project.
To support the scheme, a new primary school and secondary school will be built, with the secondary planned for a site close to Lowes Farm.
A new junction off the A50 at Deep Dale Lane forms the largest single expenditure of the proposals as it is expected to cost around £37.5 million.
First discussed six years ago, the project is expected to take many years to complete.
But now applications for the vast majority of the Wragley Way houses, along with the primary school, secondary school, shopping centre and a phase of the transport infrastructure, are expected in the coming months.
(Image: Google)
As far as funding is concerned, the Infinity Garden Village forms part of a £100 million bid for a chain of garden villages and HS2 infrastructure projects across Derbyshire and Nottinghamshire.
The scheme has received £13 million from the Local Growth Fund and, so far, £4.6 million has been pledged by developers - a figure which is believed to be increasing.
All the landowners affected by the scheme have pledged support for the project.
Derby City Council and South Derbyshire District Council have put in a combined bid for £3.75 million in funding for feasibility studies into transport improvements.
Business rates from the nearby Infinity Park Derby commercial development are to be reused to fund further infrastructure works.
We've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you're interested in.
To download the IOS app click here.
To download the Android app click here.
April 6 NQ Mobile Inc
* NQ Mobile Inc. reports unaudited financial results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2016
* Q4 revenue fell 25.7 percent to $94.7 million
* NQ Mobile Inc - Non-GAAP net loss attributable to NQ Mobile for Q4 of 2016 was $3.4 million or $0.03 per fully diluted ads
* NQ Mobile Inc - GAAP net loss attributable to NQ Mobile for Q4 of 2016 was $124.5 million or $1.25 per fully diluted ADS
* NQ Mobile Inc - Average monthly active user accounts as of December 31, 2016 were 146.0 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Cora Cross returned to Walford to take on Max Branning.
EastEnders fans had an early Christmas present when Cora Cross returned to Albert Square.
Cora (Ann Mitchell), the grandmother of Lauren (Jacqueline Jossa) and Abi Branning (Lorna Fitzgerald), has been in and out of Walford since 2011.
She popped up close to the end of Monday night's instalment of the BBC soap and was ready to take on troubled Max Branning (Jake Wood) – and viewers were thrilled.
“Yes! Thankyou @bbceastenders !! Queen Cora is finally home #TheBest,” one delighted fan wrote on Twitter.
“YES!!!! Cora Cross is back,” exclaimed another, while many people posted strings of heart emojis.
#eastenders YES!!!! Cora Cross is back — Sian (@highflyingbird4) December 11, 2017
“Cora is such a brilliant character, woefully underused. Glad to see her back to stick the boot in once more!” said another person.
Cora is such a brilliant character, woefully underused. Glad to see her back to stick the boot in once more! #EastEnders — Anfunny™ (@Anfunny) December 11, 2017
The general consensus appeared to be that Cora should settle in for a long stint in the soap – if not a permanent one.
“I hope we see more #Cora in this new era of #EastEnders,” tweeted one hopeful viewer.
I hope we see more #Cora in this new era of #EastEnders — TVGreen (@mcjnwsw) December 11, 2017
Cora returning back to the Square like ..#EastEnders 😂 pic.twitter.com/lPOEcbMI7e — Zee Jackson (@chelzeegirl) December 11, 2017
I actually love Cora. Make her permanent! #EastEnders — 🎄.You can call me Al. 🎄 (@2492Bambi) December 11, 2017
Another declared: “I actually love Cora. Make her permanent!”
Actress Mitchell has made several guest appearances in the soap this year.
:: EastEnders continues on Tuesday at 7.30pm on BBC One.
© Press Association 2017
This couple pulled off an epic prank on their mailman LEWISBURG, Pa. — A Pennsylvania couple pranked their mailman on April Fools' Day by leaving an extra-long letter sticking out of the mail slot on their front door. Bill Kelly...
Former Yankees pitcher pranks baseball lovers Former Yankees pitcher and veteran trickster Fritz Peterson offered some April Fool's gold to his Facebook friends on Saturday, announcing he was giving away a multi-million-dollar cache of Mickey Mantle...
Russian diplomats mark April Fool's Day with election hacking gag These pranksters are no hacks. The Russian Foreign Ministry proved its diplomats have a sense of humor by offering free election interference – on April Fool's Day. “To arrange a...
'April fools for love': the right illusions for successful dating We've all been there. Some say you need to be a fool to fall in love, and maybe that's true. Elvis Presley's classic song, “Can't Help Falling in Love,” while...
Emirates Airlines trolled the internet with this insane jet Emirates Airlines on Friday revealed plans for a giant jet that would include a grassy park, a swimming pool and a game room. But the grand plan came with a...
April Fools' Day parade no joke this year Media prankster Joey Skaggs has created a fake April Fools' Day Parade for 31 years. This year, it's real.
April Fools' jokes are the worst Damn, brands. Back at it again with the bad jokes. Year after year, companies spend valuable employee time and resources coming up with senseless time-wasters otherwise known as April Fools'...
Google's April Fools' Minions prank was so not funny On April Fools' Day, the joke was on Google. The tech giant ended up with egg on its face after facing a backlash from folks who saw nothing funny with...
Ordering ‘too much tuna' was the hit of Seamless April Fools' Day pranks this year Did you April Fools' anyone this year? Did you get fooled? Feel sorry (or lucky, if you find these amusing) for the poor food delivery workers of the world, who...
April 12 Granite Construction Inc:
* Granite awarded $59 million airport project in Los Angeles
* Approximately $16 million of the $59 million was booked into backlog in Q4 of 2016 and $43 million of the $59 million in Q1 of 2017
* Construction of project is currently underway with Granite's portion of work scheduled to be complete by December 2019 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
