Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
Mosley is working on a plan for next session that will dramatically change the way Arizona collects taxes on gasoline. Rather than the 18-cent tax assessed on each gallon, which hasn't increased since 1991, Mosley wants to subject gasoline to TPT. To read more on this item plus all the stories in the June 14 Yellow Sheet ...
Jessica Diehl, Vanity Fair's creative director, fashion and style, is leaving after 12 years at the magazine to “pursue other opportunities.”
“Working at Vanity Fair has been the most wonderful journey. Over the last 12 years I have worked with some of the greatest creative talents in fashion, film and photography and been lucky enough to be involved in the creation of some of the most memorable imagery of our time,” Diehl said in a statement revealing her departure. “ As our industry evolves I feel this is the right moment to explore new areas within the business and look forward to new endeavors.”
Vanity Fair did not immediately respond when asked about plans to replace Diehl.
Diehl's exit is the latest departure since Radhika Jones took over from Graydon Carter in December. Last month , more than a dozen staffers were let go, including managing editor Chris Garett, features editor Jane Sarkin, deputy editors Aimee Bell and Dana Brown and Carter's longtime spokesperson Beth Kseniak.
The March issue of Vanity Fair was the first to feature an editor's letter from Jones, and future issues will increasingly reflect the new editor's sensibility. Earlier this month, Jones hosted her first Oscars party.
Read more:
Radhika Jones Unveils First Editor's Letter in Vanity Fair's March Issue
Condé Nast Layoffs Hit Editorial Staff at Glamour and Vanity Fair
What to Watch: Vanity Fair and Glamour Will Chart a New Course
Radhika Jones to Replace Graydon Carter as Vanity Fair Editor-in-Chief
Graydon Carter's Exit Leaves Condé Nast Scrambling
The difference in question is what in jurisprudence is often referred to as the difference between formal and substantive equality. Photo: iStockphoto
One of the most contentious issues in India's constitutional law and government policy has been the one relating to caste-based reservations in education and employment—a powerful example of “compensatory discrimination” and “affirmative action” on behalf of identified “backward classes” in the country. For many people (predictably belonging to the “upper castes”' and “upper classes” of the social hierarchy), affirmative action is founded in a flawed and contradictory notion of equality. Indeed, the Constitution has been held guilty of this. What is the precise nature of the complaint?
Let us look at some of the salient equality clauses in the Constitution. Article 15 relates to “Prohibition of discrimination...”, and Article 15(1) states that “The State shall not discriminate against any citizen on grounds only of religion, race, caste, sex, place of birth or any of them.” Article 15(4) mandates that “Nothing in this article or in clause (2) of Article 29 shall prevent the State from making any special provision for the advancement of any socially and educationally backward classes of citizens or for the Scheduled Castes and the Scheduled Tribes.”
Article 29 relates to “Protection of interests of minorities”. Article 29(2) stipulates that “No citizen shall be denied admission into any educational institution maintained by the State or receiving aid out of State funds on grounds only of religion, race, caste, language or any of them.” Article 16 is concerned with “Equality of opportunity in matters of public employment.” Article 16(2) states that “No citizen shall, on grounds only of religion, race, caste, sex, descent, place of birth, residence or any of them, be ineligible for, or discriminated against, in respect of any employment or office under the State.” Article 16(4), however, requires that “Nothing in this article shall prevent the State from making any provision for the reservation of appointments or posts in favour of any backward class of citizens which, in the opinion of the State, is not adequately represented in the services under the State.”
For many, Article 15(4) is incompatible with Articles 15(1) and 29(2), just as Article 16(4) is incompatible with the spirit of Articles 15(1), 16(2) and 29(2). How so? Well, and this is how the argument might run, in order to discriminate in favour of certain groups (as Articles 15(4) and 16(4) allow for), one must discriminate against certain other groups (which is proscribed by Articles 15(1), 29(2) and 16(2)). The problem, in this reckoning, would not arise if the redress of inequality were confined to inter-personal inequality, without extending it to inter-group inequality. After all, one might say, the only relevant criterion of differentiation among individuals is the economic criterion, not differentiation according to caste or religion or social and educational backwardness.
As it happens, there is a special circumstance under which the argument in the preceding paragraph must be deemed to be not just plausible but also convincing. This relates to the situation in which populations are homogeneous—that is to say, circumstances in which individuals are identical to each other in respect of all their non-income characteristics. This, as we have seen in an earlier article in these pages, is a typical assumption underlying the utilitarian calculus. Unfortunately, the assumption falls hopelessly foul of the empirical facts of the case. The world is the exact opposite of homogeneous. It is severely and multidimensionally heterogeneous—in respect of age, sex, disability, health, caste, religion and a host of other non-income characteristics that are of importance in determining individual advantage or disadvantage.
The demands and interests of inter-personal equality and inter-group equality would coincide precisely if populations were homogeneous. But these could well diverge when populations are heterogeneous. A theory of equality which abolishes contradiction by denying a crucial aspect of empirical reality must be deemed to be a poor theory. On the other hand, a theory of equality which takes on board the reality of heterogeneity is thereby enabled to resolve the apparent contradiction between inter-personal and inter-group equality by recognizing that there exists a valid difference between the two notions of equality.
The difference in question is what in jurisprudence is often referred to as the difference between formal and substantive equality. The most elegant distinction I have encountered is the one drawn by the late Harvard jurist and philosopher Ronald Dworkin. He spoke of two kinds of the right to equality: “the right to equal treatment” and the “right to treatment as an equal”. The first right, as Dworkin explains, is the right to an equal division of “society's burdens and benefits”. The second right is what he calls the right to “being treated with the same respect and concern as anyone else”. In Dworkin's view, the second of these two rights to equality is “fundamental”, while the first right is “contingent” and “derivative”.
It is easy to see what this means when we note that in any homogeneous population, the right to treatment as an equal would entail also the right to equal treatment. However, in a heterogeneous population, this may well not be the case, from the principle that the interests of substantive equality are poorly served by treating unequals equally. This is the just and simple case for compensatory provisions in favour of the backward classes. A pity that it is so often so profoundly—and so resentfully—misunderstood!
S. Subramanian is an economist and a former Indian Council of Social Science Research national fellow.
Comments are welcome at theirview@livemint.com
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tottenham's youngsters handed out a battering worthy of a DVD as they put NINE goals past north-London rivals Arsenal on Tuesday.
It's a reverse of fortune from the first team who were beaten 2-1 by Man United in the FA Cup semi-finals on Saturday meaning they've now lost eight consecutive semis.
However, the kids are alright and proved it by dispatching a slightly younger Arsenal side at Hotspur Way.
It's the polar opposite from the reverse fixture earlier on in the campaign when the Gunners won 6-0 at London Colney back in November.
Rodel Richards gave the hosts the lead, curling a superb shot in the top corner in the 28th minute before doubling his tally a few minutes later.
(Image: Tottenham Hotspur)
Dilan Markanday then made it three in the space of six minutes, beating his man and drilling it low passed Gunners shotstopper Daniel Barden.
Reo Griffiths then got his first of the afternoon short after the restart before setting up Markanday for his second soon after.
Spurs were awarded a penalty which Griffiths dispatched coolly with 25-minutes still to play, and less than 60 seconds later, Arsenal substitute Mazeed Ogungo accidentally steered past his own keeper.
(Image: Tottenham Hotspur)
Griffiths was closing in on the defender who turned into his own net before the striker completed his fourth hat-trick of the season with a great chip from an acute angle.
It turned into a frustrating afternoon for the Gunners who lost two players to injury late on and having used all their subs, ended the game with nine-men shortly before Griffiths scored his fourth.
Spurs U18's beat Chelsea 3-0 in their last game and coach Scott Parker said it was a great all round performance.
(Image: Tottenham Hotspur)
“It was a fantastic performance," he said. "The lads played really well. The last two games have been really good in that sense – goals, good attacking play and two clean sheets against two very good teams.
"Obviously it's important to remember that Arsenal beat us 6-0 earlier in the season and they've got a big game coming up in the FA Youth Cup Final where they might have some different players on display, but our finishing was very good and our all-round play was very pleasing."
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An artist who created an exhibition to shift the focus of shame from victims to perpetrators of domestic abuse believes winning a national award shows that people are willing to listen to the issues at stake.
Helen Robinson's work – titled It doesn't have to be that way: Breaking the cycles of abuse, violence and control – won the Sustainable Practice in Arts, Culture or Sport Award at the 2017 Sustain Wales Awards run by Cynnal Cymru / Sustain Wales.
The exhibition, created while Helen was a student at Wrexham Glyndwr University, raises awareness of issues surrounding child abuse, violence and control.
Collecting the award at a Cardiff ceremony, Helen said: “It was an absolute honour to be announced the winner of the category - it felt like a real endorsement of the work I've done, which at times was incredibly challenging, and I accept in on behalf of all those who have suffered abuse, violence and control in their lives.
“My work was based on confessional art and I created it to challenge the shame that victims often feel locked into.
“My passion is to shift the shame from the victim to the perpetrator, where it truly belongs, and to empower those that have suffered to know 'It doesn't have to be that way.'
“The fact that both the judges and the general public got behind me was confirmation to me that I need to keep putting that message out there, and that the community want to listen.”
Helen's portfolio of work is drawn from her experience as the victim of a section 18 assault in 2002, three years before she moved to North Wales.
As well as the exhibition, Helen has held workshops which provide people with a safe environment for a cathartic experience through art.
Helen add: “I want to continue to create pieces that raise awareness, as well as developing the 'cathartic workshops' to help others release and process emotional stress and trauma and am I looking for funding and support to be able to do this.
“I feel as an artist and trainer I have been given a unique platform to communicate with others, and my life experience and past experiences gives me both the passion and tools to do it.
“Speaking out can sometimes be the hardest thing someone can ever do but I would encourage others to do the same as there is more support out there than you think, it just takes one small step in the right direction..."
Helen beat off competition from projects run by BBC Roath Lock Studios and a partnership of Theatr Clwyd and Betsi Cadwaldr University Health Board to collect the Sustain Wales award.
Find out more at http://www.cynnalcymru.com/sustainable-arts-culture-2017/
View more of Helen's designs at jaminoshdesigns.com ; on Facebook and Twitter @jaminoshdesigns or email helen@jaminoshdesigns.com
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Wiz Khalifa has been accused of copying much of his 2016 song Most of Us from another rapper's song with the same title from six years earlier.
Khalifa's version "unmistakably copies the essential elements" of the song by Cymple Man, according to a lawsuit filed in Manhattan federal court against Khalifa and his record labels, including Warner Music Group's Atlantic Records.
A spokeswoman for Khalifa did not immediately respond to requests for comment. Atlantic Records had no immediate comment.
Cymple Man, whose given name is Dustin Bennett, said he had given Khalifa a demo of his song "Most of Us" in April 2012 at Salt Lake City International Airport, while both were traveling to performances, so Khalifa could decide whether they should collaborate.
(Image: Splash News)
Amber Rose's ex never followed up, but he incorporated some lyrics, the refrain and the chorus of the plaintiff's song into his own song without permission or paying royalties, the complaint said.
"Moreover, Khalifa utilizes the term 'most of us' to introduce the audience to the same theme of sinful behavior with the same expression" in a manner "distinctively original to Bennett's work," the complaint said.
The plaintiff, who lives in southeastern Georgia, said he had copyrighted his song in March 2010, and that the defendants have refused to enter any licensing or royalty agreement.
(Image: FilmMagic)
He is seeking unspecified damages, including profits from the alleged infringement.
Khalifa, whose given name is Cameron Thomaz, included "Most of Us" on the 2016 album "Khalifa," which peaked at No. 6 on the Billboard 200 list of popular U.S. albums.
The song has also received more than 30 million views on Google's YouTube.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Planning a city break for your next adventure? Then it's time to ditch the car, dig out your comfiest shoes and go exploring on foot!
Nowadays, forget wasting hours stuck in traffic during rush hours or being unable to stop as you drive by a quirky shop or bar that catches your eye.
Cities are more pedestrian-friendly than ever, and there's no better way to soak up the atmosphere by taking a leisurely stroll through the streets.
Booking.com has given us some major travel inspiration as the hotel gurus reveal the most walkable cities in the world, whether you're looking to discover art in Florence or see the sights in New York.
We take a look at the best things to see and do in these ten glamorous cities - and where to stay to make the most of your time off...
1.Munich
(Image: Moment RF)
Munich is renowned for its walking-friendly infrastructure, with plenty of pedestrianised streets to wander through, packed with Bavarian scenes at every turn, not to mention the ornate public buildings waiting to be discovered (the Frauenkirche cathedral is particularly mesmerising).
For a really picturesque afternoon you'll want to stop by the English Garden. One of Europe's largest parks, it has everything from breathtaking lakes, historical tidbits, bustling beer gardens and even a Japanese teahouse!
Where to stay: The relexa hotel München is just 650 yards from home of Oktoberfest the Theresienwiese, not to mention it's less than a ten-minute walk away from some of Munich's most elegant shopping streets.
Rooms have soundproofed windows and flat screen TVs so you can really relax after a busy day of walking!
How much? Prices start from £92 per night based on two adults sharing. Click here for booking information .
10 brilliant eco-friendly hotels from around the world in honour of Earth Day
2. Kyoto
(Image: EyeEm)
This Japanese city uses a grid-like system making it really easy for tourists to navigate, not to mention despite being surrounded by mountainous landscape the city itself is quite flat.
Many of the biggest sights and highlights are nestled together in the Higashiyama district, so you can easily get around on foot if you're looking to explore the best of Kyoto's local culture.
Where to stay: The Kyoto Hana Hotel is located on Sanjo street in the heart of the city, less than a ten-minute walk away from the popular Gion district renowned for being packed with entertainment and art.
The spacious rooms have all the modern amenities you would expect, not to mention that the breakfast buffet offers up a wide array of delectable treats from Danish pastries to local Japanese cuisine.
How much? Prices start from £139 per night based on two people sharing. Click here for booking information .
Cheap flights: the best airline sales as Ryanair, Norwegian and Aer Lingus launch Easter deals
3. Helsinki
(Image: E+)
Having previously announced a goal to make car ownership "obselete" by 2025 in the city, Helsinki's city planners have been hard at work making it much friendlier for those walking or taking public transport.
In fact there are plenty of walkable and interconnected neighbourhoods that you can easily wander through, not to mention the biggest sights themselves - such as the iconic Cathedral - are surrounded by local shops, restaurants and bars for a jam-packed fun day out.
Where to stay: Go Happy Home Apartments offers a series of accommodation in central Helsinki, ideal if you're hoping to explore the capital by foot.
Individually decorated, they each come with a fully-equipped kitchen as well as dining areas and flat screen TVs, perfect if you're looking for a cosy night in after a long day out and about exploring.
How much? Prices start from £108 per night based on two people sharing. Click here for booking information .
4. Bordeaux
(Image: Rex Features)
If you're tempted by Bordeaux to check out its world-famous wines, then ditching the car in favour of walking means you don't have to miss out on a tipple!
Sunny weather, impressive historic monuments, intricate architecture and that must-have French food and wine are just some of the reasons why a stroll around the city makes for an idyllic break.
Where to stay: The Appartements Cathédrale are located in ideal walking distance from Bordeaux's most popular attractions.
350 yards from Saint-André Cathedral, 650 yards from Great Bell Bordeaux and just 750 yards from the Grand Théâtre de Bordeaux, you won't struggle to get around on foot!
How much? Prices start from £113 based on four people sharing one apartment. Click here for booking information .
5. Florence
(Image: Moment RF)
Because of its small size, Florence is really easy to cover on foot. In fact, some tourists have walked from one end of the city to another in less than an hour!
Most of the streets in the historic centre are pedestrian-only, and only a handful of squares are open to car traffic at all so you really can take a leisurely stroll without having to plan too much of your route.
Where to stay: roommate Luca really is right by some of the biggest sights - it's 450 yards from Michelangelo's iconic David in the Accademia Gallery, ten minutes from the cathedral and less than a mile away from the stunning Ponte Vecchio bridge.
It's picked up a four-star rating thanks to its stylish and modern rooms nestled in an elegant 19th century building, not to mention the 24-hour reception staff offer brilliant tips and advice on how to make the most of your time in the city.
How much? Prices start from £143 per night based on two people sharing. Breakfast included. Click here for booking information .
6. New York
(Image: Stone Sub)
With its grid formation and numbered streets, there's little chance of getting lost in New York. You can make your way through Manhattan on foot from SoHo to Little Italy or Central Park - and Times Square itself is pedestrianised.
However, if you do want to cross the city and avoid having to spend the whole day on your feet, avoid the Big Apple's traffic and ditch the yellow cab in favour of the subway.
Where to stay: Club Quarters Hotel Wall Street is just one block away from the bustling world of Wall Street, not to mention it's near sights including Ground Zero, Trinity Church and a subway station that takes you straight to Broadway.
How much? Prices start from £112 based on two people sharing. Click here for booking information .
7. Perth
(Image: Stockbyte)
This Australian hotspot isn't just popular because of its glorious weather and pristine beaches: the city itself is a cultural hub!
Wander through the hustle and bustle of the city's streets packed with restaurants and bars, or take a scenic calm walk through the luciously green urban parjs.
Where to stay: Tucked away in the heart of the city is the Alex Hotel. A ten-minute walk from Hay Street Shopping Area and with a roof terrace offering unparalleled views of the skyline, it's a must for those wanting to see a whole new side to Perth.
How much? Prices from £123 based on two people sharing, breakfast included. Click here for booking information .
8. Vancouver
(Image: RooM RF)
Not only does Vancouver face the sea, but it boasts the spectacular North Shore Mountains as its breathtaking backdrop - so it's no wonder the Canadian city continues to be a hit.
An ideal mix of the urban and natural, there are plenty of scenic walks to enjoy during your stay - try the promenade along the False Creek shoreline to Granville Island, and make sure to stop by Ambleside Park.
Where to stay: The Blue Horizon Hotel is perfect if you're after a city break with a beach, as it's just a 12-minute walk from Vancouver's sandy shores.
Corner rooms offer balcony views of the city unlike any other, while the English Bay and Maritime Museum are just a stone's throw away.
How much? Prices from £150 based on two people sharing. Click here for booking information .
9. San Francisco
(Image: Robert Harding World Imagery)
If you can brave a few hilly roads, then San Francisco makes for an ideal walkable city. It boasts California's sunny weather but thanks to its oceanfront location there's a breeze, while the ecletic neighbourhoods and colourful buildings make for an unforgettable stroll.
Feeling particularly energetic? You can walk the 1.7 miles of the Golden Gate Bridge, or if you're short on time then just the first tower and back again.
Where to stay: The Golden Gate hotel is just a five minute walk from Union Square and the Theatre District, or just ten minutes from Chinatown.
As well as the daily continental breakfast there's a complimentary afternoon tea, ideal for a rejuvenating boost between a day of sightseeing and a night out making the most of San Francisco's world-famous nightlife.
How much? Prices from £117 based on two people sharing, breakfast included. Click here for booking information .
10. Montevideo
Uruguay's capital city may be big in size, but it's surprisingly easy to walk around. There's a distinctively laid back vibe, and the Rambla is particularly popular at sunset for couples on a romantic walk.
Expect leafy plazas, awe-inspiring colonial architecture and Art Deco towers, as well as street musicians always on hand to serenade you as you stroll!
Where to stay: The BIT Design Hotel offers panoramic views of the city, not to mention it boasts some seriously chic and elegant rooms.
It's also right by the capital's busting Punta Carretas Shopping area, and just a stone's throw from Montevideo's World Trade Center.
How much? Prices from £98 based on two people sharing, breakfast included. Click here for booking information .
When it comes to next-gen virtual reality, such as a HTC Vive 2 or Oculus Rift 2, much of the emphasis sits with the quality of the display technology set to feature. But that's only one part of the immersive VR equation, as engineers at UC San Diego are looking to prove.
The team has developed a pair of light gloves that use 'soft robotics' to allow their wearer to realistically feel tactile feedback when touching objects in virtual worlds.
The gloves use a component called a McKibben muscle, which uses a series of latex chambers covered with braided muscles to stimulate sensations in the wearer's fingers. Connected to a circuit board, these 'muscles' inflate and deflate to replicate the pressure your digits feel when they press against a surface. Paired with a Leap Motion sensor, they're accurate enough to allow you to play a piano in VR.
Touching the void
“This is a first prototype but it is surprisingly effective,” said Michael Tolley, the mechanical engineering professor at the Jacobs School of Engineering at UC San Diego who worked on the project.
"Our final goal is to create a device that provides a richer experience in VR [...] But you could imagine it being used for surgery and video games, among other applications.”
While it's far from being a commercially viable product, the team 3D-printed a soft glove exoskeleton mold to prove its potential for mass production.
It's the sort of VR-interfacing tool that'd set a headset apart from the competition. With motion tracking pretty much mastered by all the major VR headset manufacturers, and display technologies consistently improving, a satisfying VR control scheme is a major missing piece of the puzzle. Buying a VR headset that bundled in gloves allowing for a tactile, natural interaction with the digital world would up the immersion factor exponentially.
JOHN McDougall is one of our country's heroes who put his life on the line for serving his nation.
He entered the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) at Wagga on January 18, 1960 when he was only 15. His career in the RAAF would then span a further 25 years and would include multiple deployments to war zones across the world.
"After my three years of training I went to Richmond, in the outer suburbs of Sydney. While I was there I did three tours of duty of Vietnam, two as ground crew and one as aircrew.
"We ended up being the best transport squadron in Vietnam and we got a award from the Vietnamese Government. It is called The Republic of Vietnam Cross of Gallantry with Palm Unit Citation.
"We were the most efficient transport unit in Vietnam. I think we flew 1.5% of the missions but we carried 7-8% of the total freight and passengers uplifted in the country.
War veteran John McDougall. Rob Williams
"I also did 18 attachments to New Guinea flying around up there from a week or two to three or four months. I also went to Kashmir, Sumatra, New Zealand a couple of times, and of course all over Australia. I went to Canada and I had to pick up a new aircraft in 1969 and to Toronto to fly a new aircraft back to Richmond.
"Then in 1978 they sent me up to Amberley to look after the F-111s. I was an engineer. When I was at Amberley we used to go to Malaya each April for the Integrated Air Defence System, that was us playing war games.
"I also went to Sacramento for six months where I did stress testing the aircraft.”
The open-source Darktable RAW photography software that's long been available for Linux and macOS has finally been ported to Microsoft Windows. But fortunately that's not all to be found in Darktable 2.4.While Windows support is their big headline feature of Darktable 2.4, the RC1 release that came out today is also packed with other improvements.Darktable 2.4-RC1 has OpenCL fixes/improvements, new camera support, a new haze removal module, new/improved file format support, and a wide variety of smaller features and tuning. There are also a number of smaller improvements.More details on the Darktable 2.4 release candidate via GitHub
Turkish-Led Forces Oust Kurdish Fighters In Afrin, Syria
The government in Turkey says Turkish forces have taken over the city center of Afrin in northern Syria. An advocacy group says nearly 200,000 people have been displaced by the righting.
DAVID GREENE, HOST:
Seven years into that war now in Syria - that grim anniversary just passed - you have an incursion by Turkish and Syrian rebel forces, and it looks like they have achieved one of their goals. They have seized the city of Afrin from YPG Kurdish fighters that Turkey is clearing away from its border. Here's more from NPR's Peter Kenyon.
PETER KENYON, BYLINE: The capture of Afrin wasn't supposed to happen this quickly. Predictions from American diplomats and others warned that Turkey would face painfully slow high-casualty door-to-door urban warfare in the Afrin city center and suggested that Turkey might not be willing to risk that. As it happened, Free Syrian Army units backed by Turkish forces swept into the center with surprising ease as the YPG opposition melted away.
(SOUNDBITE OF GLASS SHATTERING, FOOTSTEPS)
KENYON: The Turkish military released a video purporting to show the capture of central Afrin. It shows tanks pulling into a town square and the Turkish flag being raised amid saluting soldiers and celebratory gunfire, although fainter gunfire in the distance could have been a sign of continuing clashes. The YPG said it was shifting into a new phase of the conflict and would continue guerrilla operations against the invaders.
President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan was triumphant, declaring that, quote, "the terror corridor has been broken on four fronts," referring to Turkey's determination to prevent Kurdish forces from linking up their areas of control near the Turkish border. A wave of domestic support for the operation has analysts concluding that Erdoğan's political support is on the rise as he faces re-election next year. Erdoğan also said care has been taken to minimize civilian casualties, but the impact on residents has been severe.
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reported over the weekend that as many as 200,000 people fled the fighting in Afrin. In Southeast Turkey, pro-Kurdish and leftist groups called on the U.N. and other bodies to end the military operation. Turkey says its immediate goal is to make Afrin safe for the return of Syrian refugees and displaced civilians as soon as possible. What happens after that remains an open question. Erdoğan has threatened to take the fight to the East, starting with Manbij, where both Kurdish and U.S. forces are stationed.
U.S. military officials say if attacked they will respond with force, but they hope a confrontation between NATO allies America and Turkey can be avoided. Diplomats from the two countries have been looking for a solution, but the State Department said last week it has yet to reach an understanding with Ankara on Manbij. A top-level meeting including the Turkish foreign minister was postponed after the firing of Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. Peter Kenyon, NPR News, Istanbul.
Copyright © 2018 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Former Cayman Islands Football Association president, CONCACAF president and FIFA vice president Jeffrey Webb was ordered to pay $6.7 million dollars by a New York Federal Court Wednesday 31st January.
The 53-year-old was scheduled to be sentenced in New York 24th January on charges of racketeering, conspiracy, wire fraud and money laundering after pleading guilty three years ago.
In 2016, Webb was banned from football for life by FIFA's ethics committee and fined $1 million dollars for taking bribes. Webb has since been on house arrest, and will be sentenced in court 7th March. Webb's sentencing has been delayed 6 times.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
PRESS RELEASE Russia, Turkey Call for U.S. Participation in Syria Peace Process Dec. 31, 2016 (EIRNS)—With the cease-fire still generally holding, both Moscow and Ankara have welcomed the idea of U.S. participation in the Syria peace process meeting in Astana, Kazakhstan—after January 20. "Yes, we do expect that the Trump Administration after it comes into the White House on January 20 will be an important participant," Russian Ambassador to the UN Vitaly Churkin said, yesterday. Turkey also looks forward to U.S. participation. "We welcome the (possible) U.S. participation in the meeting in Astana," Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlüt Çavuşoğlu told Al Arabiya TV, yesterday. The Astana meeting is now set for Jan. 23. A senior Turkish official told Hürriyet that Turkish and Russian officials will come together either on Jan. 8 or 9 to discuss the developments in the field and get prepared for the Astana process. As for other possible participants, Churkin described Iran as a "willing participant," and Egypt as a country "which can join the process of preparation of the meeting in Astana." He also named Saudi Arabia (about which the Iranians disagree rather strongly), Kuwait, and Qatar as "very important players" that could also participate. According to TASS, Foreign Ministers Sergey Lavrov and Cavusoglu spoke by phone, yesterday, and they stressed the importance of all sides adhering to the truce agreement. "They pointed to the importance of compliance with the cessation of hostilities by all opposition groups and their constructive approaches in light of the upcoming meeting in Astana," the Russian Foreign Ministry said. A senior Turkish official told Hurriyet, this morning, that Turkey and Russia will establish joint monitoring centers in the Eskisehir Main Air Base in Turkey and Hmeimim Air Base in Syria to closely follow the implementation of the cease-fire. "We, as Ankara and Moscow, will follow the cease-fire process together. We have already been working very closely in the recent month. We will monitor from the Eskisehir base and they will from their Hmeimim base. But our ground forces will also keep track of developments and inform both our monitoring centers," the official said. The day before, Cavusoglu confirmed, in an interview with Hurriyet the establishment of the joint monitoring centers and that a hotline would be established between them to coordinate the truce process and investigate any potential violation.
MEMPHIS, Tenn. — April 23, 2018 — Safety Supply Corp., a manufacturer of high-quality personal protective equipment, today announced its agreement to acquire LFS Glove, a division of LFS Inc. This newly formed subsidiary of Safety Supply is registered as Bellingham Glove Inc. and will be part of the Radians group of companies, joining such brands as RadWear® USA, Crossfire®, VisionAid™, and RadPlugs.
“The team at Bellingham® Glove is very enthusiastic about this new partnership,” said LFS Glove Vice President Bill Stevens. “Bellingham Glove and Radians have both built reputations for innovation and excellence in the past 20 years. Combining our strengths will allow us to serve and supply our customers even more effectively.”
According to Mike Tutor, CEO of Radians, “Our acquisition of LFS Glove will help Radians to continue our aggressive expansion of our hand protection category. The combination will provide our customers with an outstanding selection of gloves to meet a multitude of applications in the industrial and retail markets, including lawn and garden gloves, eco-friendly gloves, and gloves designed especially for women.”
Radians President Bill England commented, “Radians plans to work closely with the Bellingham Glove team during the integration of our operating systems, sales team, and inventory to ensure that best-in-class processes and systems are maintained to allow for a smooth transition and excellence in customer service.”
Once the systems integration is completed later this year, customers will be able to conveniently order both Radians products and Bellingham gloves on a single purchase order.
As part of the acquisition, Radians has opened a new sales office for Bellingham Glove Inc.
Posted April 23, 2018
Source: Safety Supply Corp.
• The resignation of Jenna Alderman as percussion instructor for the marching band, effective at the end of the 2016-17 school year.
• Benjamin Simmons as an assistant football coach for the 2017-18 school year.
• Kelley Buck as an assistant field hockey coach for the 2017-18 school year
• The approved Philip Stark as the representative from Lackawanna Trail School District on the Northeastern Educational Intermediate Unit #19 Board from July 1, 2017 to June 30, 2020.
In other business, members of the board approved several motions, including:
FACTORYVILLE — Members of the Lackawanna Trail Board of Education approved the addition of an Elementary Life Skills Class, beginning in the 2017-18 school year, during a regular meeting Feb.13.
According to Special Education Director Amie Talarico, at least four or five students will take part in the class.
“It means a lot to their families,” Talarico said. “They are very excited that their children will be able to be educated in their community with their siblings.”
According to Talarico, the Center for Independent Living, of Scranton, provided tips and resources for areas of the building that need to be upgraded in order to meet ADA compliance with these students coming back from outside placements next year.
The district currently offers a Life Skills class in the high school and Talarico previously said during a meeting Jan. 3 that adding the program to the elementary center would have many benefits.
Members of the board voted to table the approval of a High School Automotive Tech Shop for the 2017-18 school year, through a one-year lease with Northeastern Educational Intermediate Unit (NEIU) 19, until at least the March 13 regular meeting.
According to Lackawanna Trail Superintendent Matthew Rakauskas, executive director of NEIU 19, which currently runs a high school automotive tech shop in the Carbondale area, issued a request a month ago to determine if any school districts in the area have the facilities to host half-day sessions.
“Our two big pushes the last few months have been getting the Life Skills class and auto shop off the ground,” Rakauskas said. “The programs are important to us because special education students will be a part of them. We ran into a couple snags with the auto shop, but we're hopeful we can get it done in March.
“We have a lot of garage space at the high school and think it would be a win-win if we could host the program. We would be keeping our students at Lackawanna Trail, they wouldn't have to travel, and we would receive rent payments from the NEIU.”
Rakauskas added the biggest issue has to due with the measurements of the district's garage.
“The main problem is we don't have the height in our garage that is necessary for the programs the NEIU has in place,” he said. “We're trying to see if there is an alternative.”
Members of the board approved a budget of $22,217.53 for the Northeastern Educational Intermediate Unit #19 for the fiscal year July 1, 2017 to June 30, 2018. According to Rakauskas, it amounts to an increase of about $360 from last year.
http://theabingtonjournal.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/web1_back-to-school-1576792_960_720-1.jpg
By Robert Tomkavage rtomkavage@timesleader.com
In other business, members of the board approved several motions, including: • The approved Philip Stark as the representative from Lackawanna Trail School District on the Northeastern Educational Intermediate Unit #19 Board from July 1, 2017 to June 30, 2020. • Kelley Buck as an assistant field hockey coach for the 2017-18 school year • Benjamin Simmons as an assistant football coach for the 2017-18 school year. • Mark June as a volunteer assistant junior high baseball coach for the 2016-17 school year. • Diane Dalton as a volunteer band assistant for the 2016-17 school year. • Stacy Edwards as a volunteer band assistant for the 2016-17 school year. • The resignation of Jenna Alderman as percussion instructor for the marching band, effective at the end of the 2016-17 school year. • JoAnn Wright, of Factoryville, as a secretary substitute.
Reach Robert Tomkavage at 570-704-3941 or on Twitter @rtomkavage.
Reach Robert Tomkavage at 570-704-3941 or on Twitter @rtomkavage.
LAKELAND, Fla. (AP) — Even for an accomplished veteran like Justin Verlander, the start of spring training can be special.
“I usually sleep pretty well. I woke up early today,” the Detroit ace said Tuesday. “On one hand, you want to appreciate everything as much as you can. It's not such a whirlwind anymore — you kind of know what to expect. But in the same aspect, every day is pretty much the same thing I've done for 12 years, so it also starts going faster.”
Verlander's Tigers were among 15 teams with their first scheduled workouts for pitchers and catchers Tuesday. As major leaguers took the field in Florida and Arizona, that familiar sound of balls popping into mitts served as a reminder that in baseball at least, winter is finally over.
While Verlander and the Tigers went through their routine at their newly renovated facility in Lakeland, the Boston Red Sox were about 115 miles to the south, holding their first workout of the post-Papi era. It's Boston's first season without David Ortiz since the Red Sox signed him in January 2003, but Big Papi's retirement may not be too big a blow to a team that added star left-hander Chris Sale.
Over in Arizona, the Cleveland Indians began preparing to defend their American League title. Cleveland won the AL Central comfortably last year and made it to the World Series before losing to the Chicago Cubs in seven games.
“This time of year, everyone is at glass half-full,” Indians manager Terry Francona said. “We have good reason to be.”
Hopes are always high at the start of spring training, but occasionally there's some injury news on the first day. Baltimore manager Buck Showalter said right-hander Chris Tillman had a platelet-rich plasma injection on his right shoulder and won't start the season until April 7 at the earliest.
The Kansas City Royals said left-hander Brian Flynn broke a rib and had three minor vertebrae fractures in a bizarre offseason injury. Flynn is expected to miss two months after falling through a barn roof at his Oklahoma residence.
The Royals and Miami Marlins begin this season with heavy hearts following the deaths of pitchers Yordano Ventura last month and Jose Fernandez in September, and Tigers owner Mike Ilitch died Friday at age 87.
“I got to know him as best as an owner and player can know each other,” said Detroit catcher Alex Avila, whose father Al is the team's general manager. “He was always a very gracious and generous person — very nice to myself, my family. … Very loyal. I know as a family, we always felt we had to kind of reciprocate that loyalty because he's a tremendous man. They're a great family.”
The Arizona Diamondbacks have also found themselves dealing with some sobering news. Their bench coach, former Minnesota Twins manager Ron Gardenhire, has prostate cancer and is set to have surgery. He said doctors believe they caught the cancer early.
The Diamondbacks went 69-93 last year and are one of a few National League teams that started workouts Tuesday amid tepid expectations. The Phillies, Reds and Rockies also finished well out of the postseason picture in 2016, but that doesn't mean they can't set goals for themselves.
Philadelphia manager Pete Mackanin said he wants his team to play .500 baseball deeper into the season after the Phillies lost 91 games last year.
For the first time since 2009, the Giants are entering an odd-numbered season without a World Series title to defend. After winning it all in 2010, 2012 and 2014, San Francisco made the playoffs last year as a wild card but lost in the Division Series to the Cubs.
The Giants look like contenders again in 2017, and manager Bruce Bochy had plenty of reasons to be upbeat Tuesday when his pitchers and catchers took the field.
“It's a day you look forward to, getting a chance to see everybody and hear the sound of the bat, watch these guys work out again,” Bochy said. “So it's a good day.”
___
AP Baseball Writer Janie McCauley in Scottsdale, Arizona, contributed to this report.
___
Follow Noah Trister at www.Twitter.com/noahtrister
Hundreds of mourners came to Kenilworth last week to pay their respects to a much-loved member of Balsall Common's community.
Frederick ‘Fred' Dubberley died on Sunday June 17 at the age of 72 after battling mesothelioma, a cancer related to asbestos exposure.
Christy Dubberley with Fred
And around 500 of Fred's family and friends all came to his funeral at St Nicholas Church on Thursday June 28 - one of the few churches in the area that could cope with a funeral of that size.
Fred was so popular that two flatbed lorries had to be hired to carry the enormous amount of flowers donated by well-wishers.
After the funeral service, Fred was buried in Oaks Cemetery next to the graves of his mother and father.
His granddaughter Christy Dubberley, 21, said the huge turnout was a testament to the kind of man he was.
Just some of the floral tributes for Fred left in Oaks Cemetery
She said: “The funeral was lovely - it meant a lot to my family to see how many people turned up.
“I suppose it was the measure of my grandfather.”
The Dubberleys have lived in and around Balsall Common since 1966 for four generations, and Fred, a member of the traveller community, was very well-known and loved by people in the village.
Many commenters on Facebook paid tribute to his character after his funeral was announced, describing him as a ‘gentleman' and a ‘respectful' man.
But although Fred developed cancer from asbestos exposure, his death was still unexpected as it was thought he was on the road to recovery.
He left behind his wife, his four children and 16 grandchildren, including Christy. Most of them were present at the funeral.
Christy said: “It was a bit of a shock to us all. We all thought he was going to get better. The doctors told us he'd have another three years left in him.”
When asked what her most abiding memory of Fred was, Christy spoke about him visiting all of his grandchildren still living in Balsall Common every
Christmas to see them all open their presents in turn.
She said: “He'd come without fail every Christmas morning. He'd come over to us, and then he'd go back out to have time with his other grandchildren in the village.
“He was just a very, very good grandad to us.”
Fred's huge popularity inadvertently caused some disruption on Kenilworth's roads as the funeral was taking place.
After realising how many people might turn up to the funeral, some of Fred's family got in touch with Warwickshire Police to warn them about the likely traffic problems Kenilworth would face.
Extra officers were sent to Kenilworth on the day following the warning as a precaution.
There were reports of parking problems in and around High Street during the funeral, and later in Oaks Road during the burial at Oaks Cemetery. But the problems only lasted for a few hours.
The family wished to thank everyone who came to the funeral and donated flowers.
* Dollar index dragged back down after popping to 3-week high
* Markets await US-China summit and geopolitical implications
* Safe-haven yen buoyed as risk-averse mood lingers
* Aussie hits 4-week low on Xi-Trump nerves (Updates prices, adds detail and quotes)
By Shinichi Saoshiro
TOKYO, April 6 The dollar slipped against a basket of currencies on Thursday, weighed down by caution over the impending U.S.-China summit and geopolitical concerns.
The dollar index versus a basket of six major currencies was down 0.1 percent at 100.480.
It had risen to a three-week high of 100.850 overnight on an upbeat ADP report on U.S. private sector employment.
But the currency tumbled from the three-week high despite hawkish-sounding minutes from the latest Federal Reserve meeting, which showed most policymakers think the Fed should begin trimming its $4.5 trillion balance sheet later this year.
"Although the contents of the Fed minutes should have been supportive for the dollar, it was dragged down by ensuing price action in other markets, which saw equities react negatively to the minutes and Treasury yields fall," said Shusuke Yamada, senior strategist at Bank of America Merrill Lynch in Tokyo.
Wall Street shares reversed an earlier rally and slipped on Wednesday, with sentiment soured as the Fed's minutes showed some policymakers viewed equity prices as quite high relative to standard valuation measures.
"Geopolitical risks are also weighing on the dollar. The market is only starting to factor in recent developments regarding North Korea, and it now wants to figure out the geopolitical implications of the U.S.-China summit," Yamada said.
Regional tensions have risen after North Korea test-fired a ballistic missile on Wednesday, just a day before a summit between U.S. President Donald Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping, where North Korea's arms development drive will take centre stage.
Financial markets are nervous over the summit because of Trump's constant criticism of China's economic policies.
That caution has crimped broader investor risk appetite this week, depressing U.S. Treasury yields and dimming the dollar's allure.
With the broader markets in a risk-averse mood, the Japanese yen gained on its perceived safe-haven status.
The dollar was down 0.2 percent at 110.500 yen, having slid from a high of 111.450 struck overnight.
"The dollar looks to remain under pressure, barring developments like a swift passage of the president's budget by the U.S. Congress or an agreement on tax reform," said Masafumi Yamamoto, chief currency strategist at Mizuho Securities in Tokyo.
The euro rose 0.1 percent to $1.0674.
The Australian dollar fell to a four-week low on nerves ahead of the Xi-Trump summit. The currency is sensitive to potential developments in China, Australia's main trade partner.
The Aussie was down 0.4 percent and near $0.7537, its lowest since March 10.
The pound was steady at $1.2479, after rising overnight on data showing growth in Britain's services sector. (Reporting by Shinichi Saoshiro; Editing by Eric Meijer)
PARIS — Rattling through the first two rounds of the French Open without losing a set leaves more time for PlayStation for Naomi Osaka.
And should the next big thing in Japanese tennis turn up late for her next match, it could well be because she lost track of time plugged into her console. Who needs the sights of Paris when you have "The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim" to distract you? ("It's OK you don't know it," she kindly told a middle-aged journalist).
"It's sort of consumed my time a little bit," the 20-year-old Osaka said Wednesday after reaching the third round at Roland Garros. "Literally, if I have 30 minutes then I'll just sit there and I might be a little bit late. Like I'll spend 35 minutes and then I'm like, 'Oh my God, it's 30 minutes past,' and then I have to rush out the door. So if I'm ever late to anything, you know why."
The French Open marks the first time Osaka has been seeded at a major (at No. 21). That billing and her debut title on tour earlier this year, when she tore through a high-powered field to win at Indian Wells, mark out Japan's top-ranked woman as a player to watch in this first week when many struggle to find their feet on the red clay of Paris but others make it their home.
Osaka, who also reached the third round at her first French Open in 2016 only to lose to a qualifier in straight sets in the first round last year, said she is concentrating less on the surface than on trying to win her first Grand Slam.
"In my mind, it's not really clay," she said. "I just focus more on the tennis part, rather than making up excuses of what the surface is and how my play style isn't suited for it."
Osaka's third-round opponent is Madison Keys, an American seeded 13th. Keys beat Osaka in both of their previous matches. If Osaka has her way, next time will not only produce a different outcome but be quick, too — because she hopes to spend as little time as possible on the tournament grounds.
"I'm only here if I have to be, to be honest," she said. "When I was younger I used to love walking around and just experiencing the atmosphere. But now, like, I just sort of think of this as my job. So it's like clocking in and clocking out."
Those she beat on her way to the Indian Wells title in March included five-time major winner Maria Sharapova and top-ranked Simona Halep. At her next tournament, in Miami, she then overpowered Serena Williams, her tennis idol in childhood, 6-3, 6-2 in the first round.
She started travelling with her games console from that point on.
Watch Bon Iver's Justin Vernon Perform At NPR Music's 10th Anniversary
Justin Vernon's career as Bon Iver has perfectly aligned with NPR Music's existence. It was 10 years ago this past summer that For Emma, Forever Ago began to write the project and the myth of its creation into indie-rock legend, making Vernon's own name nearly synonymous with it in the process. The idea of that cabin in the woods and Vernon's wounded, multi-tracked falsetto have since become iconic. That legacy has become something that Vernon and his bandmates have worked at times to escape — to beautiful effect on their latest record, the vocal processing- and sample-heavy 22, A Million (you can watch our full concert video featuring much of that album here).
At our 10th Anniversary Concert at the 9:30 Club in Washington, D.C., Vernon performed alone, but as Bon Iver. He began with a rendition of his 2014 single "Heavenly Father," the earliest prominent use of the OP-1 synthesizer which came to define 22, A Million. He concluded his set with a cover of Leon Russell's 1970 ballad, "A Song For You." Vernon has an ear for covers that showcase his voice (see the jaw-dropping cover of "Satisfied Mind" by his early band DeYarmond Edison's or his incredibly popular "I Can't Make You Love Me" cover), and Russell's spare arrangement and strong melody are the perfect scaffolding for it. It is an instrument so distinctive that it brings an unmistakably singular sound to every performance, whether accompanied by acoustic guitar or OP-1, on an original song or somebody else's, no matter the project or era.
SET LIST
"Heavenly Father"
"A Song For You" by Leon Russell
CREDITS
Director: Colin Marshall; Producers: Colin Marshall, Benjamin Naddaff-Hafrey; Technical Director: Josh Rogosin; Live Mix Engineer: Shawn "Gus" Vitale; Supervising Producer: Mito Habe-Evans; Managing Producers: Bob Boilen, Jacob Ganz, Jessica Goldstein, Abby O'Neill; Creative Director and Producer: Peter Glantz; Concert Videographers: Bronson Arcuri, Kara Frame, Nickolai Hammar, Morgan Noelle Smith, Maia Stern, Niki Walker; Production Assistant: CJ Riculan; Editor: Annabel Edwards; Special Thanks: The 9:30 Club; Executive Producers: Anya Grundmann, Keith Jenkins.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Kate Middleton has been handed a lifetime honorary membership of the Royal Photographic Society after taking official portraits of her daughter Princess Charlotte.
The Duchess of Cambridge is the latest royal to be associated with the educational charity which promotes photography and supports photographers.
She bucked tradition by becoming the first member of the royal family to take the official photographs of a royal baby when she released pictures of her newborn daughter Princess Charlotte in 2015.
(Photo: PA / HRH The Duchess of Cambridge 2016)
(Photo: PA / HRH The Duchess of Cambridge 2016)
The photos showed the young princess being cradled by her older brother Prince George at the Cambridge's Norfolk home, Anmer Hall.
The 34-year-old, a history of art graduate, was commissioned to take photographs for her parents' company Party Pieces in 2008 and has since had several of her pictures published.
She has also released pictures to mark milestones in her children's lives, including Prince George's first day at nursery school and Princess Charlotte's first birthday.
(Photo: Getty / HRH The Duchess of Cambridge 2016)
(Photo: Getty / HRH The Duchess of Cambridge 2016)
(Photo: Getty / HRH The Duchess of Cambridge 2016)
A series of photos from her tour of South East Asia and the South Pacific with her husband, the Duke of Cambridge, were released in 2012.
The collection of artistic shots included a photograph of a misty Mount Kinabalu - the highest point in Borneo at 13,400ft above sea level - and a black-and-white image of an orangutan.
(Photo: PA/ HRH The Duchess of Cambridge)
(Photo: PA/ HRH The Duchess of Cambridge)
(Photo: PA/ HRH The Duchess of Cambridge)
(Photo: PA/ HRH The Duchess of Cambridge)
(Photo: PA/ HRH The Duchess of Cambridge)
Queen Victoria and Prince Albert were early patrons of the Royal Photographic Society (RPS), which was founded in 1853, and several official royal photographers are also members.
The charity aims to encourage photographers through exhibitions and workshops, as well as providing support through its bursary programme.
(Photo: PA / HRH The Duchess of Cambridge 2016)
(Photo: PA / HRH The Duchess of Cambridge 2016)
Dr Michael Pritchard, chief executive of the RPS, said: "The Duchess of Cambridge has had a long-standing interest in photography and its history.
"She is latest in a long line of royal photographers and the society is pleased to recognise her talent and enthusiasm through honorary membership.
"We look forward to a continuing relationship with her."
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu Set To Meet Trump
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu visits Washington, D.C., on Wednesday to meet President Trump, who might be changing U.S. policy on settlements, Jerusalem and Israel's adversary — Iran.
Woman launches into a catfight after she spots he
Wenger faces the press after narrow win over Midd
BBC'S MY FAMILY SEEMS A LONG TIME AGO NOW
Lee Mack takes a dig at Dermot O'Leary on The Nig
The first Doctor Who returns...
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Kate Upton absolutely rocked the sexy schoolgirl look when she put on an amazing Britney Spears performance.
The model channelled the princess of pop as she recreated her famous Baby One More Time music video in a bid to be crowned winner on Lip Sync Battle.
The former Sports Illustrated Swimsuit cover girl gave a super sexy rendition of the 90s hit as she went head-to-head with Livin' La Vida Loca singer Ricky Martin.
Looking the part in a black mini skirt and white shirt tied up in a bow, Kate works the dance floor in an upcoming appearance that's sure to leave viewers hot under the collar.
(Photo: Spike)
(Photo: Jive Records)
(Photo: Spike)
Kate completed her Britney look with thigh-high socks and pigtails - complete with fluffy pink scrunchies.
In a preview clip, the crowd can be heard cheering as the 24-year-old babe crawls and writhes on the floor doing her best Britney impression.
Kate's super hot performance comes after she revealed the sex ban inflicted on her by her fiancé Justin Verlander.
The blonde beauty has been dating her sportsman beau for six years and, although they have a red hot love life, she's banned from getting frisky between the sheets with the Detroit Tigers player the night before a big match because he needs all the energy he can muster for pitching.
(Photo: Spike)
(Photo: Spike)
(Photo: Spike)
However, she's also been told she can't ask for any bedroom action after he's played either.
Speaking on Watch What Happens Live with Andy Cohen on Wednesday night, she spilled: "There's no sex before a game - absolutely none.
"What I've just found out is, if he plays too well, there's no sex after, either. He's exhausted. It's kind of a buzzkill for me."
The couple got engaged last year after Justin, 34, popped the question with a ring he designed himself just before he started the Major League Baseball season began but they didn't announce the news until the Met Gala in New York.
* The show airs in the US on Thursday
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The home of Scottish football could change as Hampden Park is facing a business rates hike of 35 per cent, report the Daily Record.
Holyrood finance bosses are poised to impose crippling rises across Scottish business, some of up to 300 per cent, and many SPFL clubs will also take a hit.
Independent evaluations carried out in early 2015 will come into effect from April 1, with the rateable value of the national stadium increasing from £1million to £1.35m.
Bosses at Hampden Park Ltd, which owns the stadium, have been so stunned by the scale of the rise they are now considering an appeal.
Most businesses pay around 50 pence in the pound of their rateable value as tax, which means an increase for Hampden bosses of approximately £175,000 a year for the next five years.
Rates for football grounds are assessed on a range of factors including stadia capacities, average attendances and turnover from other streams of the business, including hospitality.
(Photo: Clive Rose)
A spokesman for Hampden Park Ltd said: “We've been advised of our new proposed rateable value and our independent assessor will review that value accordingly.”
The SFA have already commissioned an independent review to assess their options ahead of re-negotiations for the lease of the Mount Florida venue, which was last agreed in 2000 and expires in 2020.
The James Watson Consultancy have previously suggested Scottish football take its showpiece games around the country and use stadia such as Murrayfield, Celtic Park, Ibrox, Easter Road and Pittodrie.
Alloa chairman Mike Mulraney, a member of the powerful SFA board, admits the thumping rates rise could prove decisive when it comes to debating the future of Hampden as the independent home of Scottish football.
He said: “As a director of the SFA, anything that puts up the running costs of the national stadium can't be welcomed.
“It's hugely regrettable because increase costs have a secondary implication for Hampden, as well as other businesses.
(Photo: PA Wire)
"Cost savings may have to be made, either by a reduction in staffing or an increase in prices. There's no magic wand. There will, regrettably, be an enormous impact for all football clubs, the SFA and all businesses.
“The new assessments clearly have not been thought out well enough or they would not be causing such huge concern.”
There are winners and losers across the Scottish game in the controversial new rates assessments, the first since 2010, which will apply for the next five years.
Celtic, Hearts, Hibs, Dundee United and St Mirren have all seen the rateable value of their grounds fall while Rangers, Ross County, Inverness Caley Thistle, Dundee and Hamilton face significant rises.
The SPFL declined to comment, but a source said: “This is a matter specific to the clubs on an individual basis.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A mother has explained why she still breastfeeds her two-year-old despite being bitten by a son who now has teeth.
Writer and stay-at-home mum, Becky Vieira, 42, has perfected her technique so well she now feeds son Archer while she's cooking and even while she's on the toilet.
The mum, from San Francisco, USA, has become an Instagram heroine for other mums after posting about her extended breastfeeding of her son, Archer, 22 months.
But not everyone agrees with her decision - and she has been targeted by online trolls who have told her she's "freak" and even contacted by men who find it sexual and send her graphic photos.
(Image: Becky Vieira)
(Image: Becky Vieira)
Becky was overjoyed when her wish of becoming a mother was finally answered at the age of 40, but with this came so many unanswered questions and an overwhelming struggle to get everything done 'right' by society's eyes.
Becky has been breastfeeding Archer for 22 months, and she shows no sign of weaning him off her milk, despite the criticism she faces on a regular basis.
"Mums are told that we must breastfeed our babies, but it's considered wrong if we breastfeed for more than a year or so," Becky said.
"I breastfed my son at first because I knew it was good for him, but it was painful and awkward at first.
(Image: Becky Vieira)
(Image: Becky Vieira)
"It was uncomfortable initially, it felt like someone rubbed sandpaper on my nipple and put it into a pencil sharpener. But I saw how healthy he was and how he was growing.
"Like everyone tells you, it gets better with time, patience and practice.
"Archer was diagnosed with acid reflux, so his paediatrician was worried formula would aggravate his situation.
"So originally, I just wanted to get my son passed his reflux but look at us now!
"We take it day by day, and as long as it works for both of us we'll continue to breastfeed. But it is getting more uncomfortable as he gets older and bigger now.
(Image: Becky Vieira)
"In many ways it's easier because we've been doing it for so long that we've perfected things. I can do other things while I breastfeed, like vacuuming or go to the toilet.
"But he will grab my breasts which isn't fun. Some people say they could never breastfeed a child with teeth and he has bitten me a handful of times if he's been falling asleep."
Archer started eating solid food at the age of six months, but he still has breast milk every day on top of this.
Usually, Archer will be breastfed in the morning and then have two feedings later in the day.
Many people believe there are lots of benefits to extended breastfeeding, and Becky has even had her breast milk analysed for its nutritional value which showed it was still full of vitamins and healthy fats.
(Image: Becky Vieira)
"Other mums have said I made them feel less alone and helped normalise extended breastfeeding,"
Becky explained. "Many mums who were unable to breastfeed are incredibly supportive and encourage me to continue.
"I've had mums tell me how much they miss it themselves and wish me well it's amazing, it feels like a true community.
"Of course, there are trolls who offer unsolicited opinions and tell me I'm wrong for nursing still and that I'm enabling bad behaviour on my son's part. There are even some men who find it sexual and send me graphic photos.
"I've had people call me a 'freak' and had men say it's 'sexy' and that my son is 'lucky'.
"It's funny, with all the mums in the world you'd think we'd be more supportive and open about things. There's still pressure to present an image that everything is neat and tidy at all times."
(Image: Becky Vieira)
Following Archer's birth, Becky faced severe postpartum depression and she felt incredibly lonely as she had no other mums she felt like she could relate to.
Becky hopes to make mothers like her feel less alone and to normalise extended breastfeeding, which is so often looked down on.
"I try to remind myself that no one besides myself, my husband and our paediatrician know what is best for Archer," added Becky.
"Sometimes those nagging voices do creep in, but I follow my gut and trust my instincts. That is what has led me to continue breastfeeding.
"When I began to tell my motherhood story on Instagram, from the breastfeeding to the postpartum depression and the nappies, I was able to connect and build a network of online support."
Becky looks to continue breastfeeding her son for the near future, and she will continue to encourage other mothers to speak openly about breastfeeding, feeding in public and extended breastfeeding.
You can find out more by visiting Becky's Instagram, @wittyotter, or by reading her blog posts at BabyCenter.com
Report: Prince Harry Invited Obamas To His Wedding And Guess The Orange Fool Who Didn't Get An Invite
1:51 Americans buy bomb shelters, prep for 'Trumpocalypse' Pause
0:56 Seven children, 2 adults injured after van overturns in Grand Prairie
11:30 Two views of Jacqueline Craig's arrest: See the bodycam and cell phone videos side-by-side
0:10 Vehicle used by suspects in armed robberies
1:53 The Pastor at Babe's Chicken Dinner House
0:08 Suspect in armed robberies
1:39 Cliburn auditions begin in London
1:48 Fort Worth Opera's 'JFK' takes the stage at Bass Hall
7:28 Arlington mayor rips opponents of Texas Rangers stadium in secret audio recording
CHARLOTTESVILLE, V.a. — The man suspected of killing a woman as he allegedly mowed down a group of counter-protesters at a white supremacist rally in Virginia is set to appear Monday in court via video link.
James Alex Fields Jr., 20, is accused of driving his car into a crowd of people, killing Heather Heyer, a 32-year-old paralegal, who was protesting the “Unite the Right” march on Saturday.
Fields is being held on suspicion of second-degree murder, malicious wounding, and failure to stop in an accident that resulted in death. It is unclear whether he has an attorney.
The incident took place as hundreds of white nationalists converged on Charlottesville to protest the removal of a statue of Confederate general and slavery advocate Robert E. Lee.
Nineteen people were injured during clashes, 10 of whom were listed Sunday in good condition by the University of Virginia Health System. Nine patients were released.
Two Virginia State Police troopers died when a helicopter crashed in a wooded area near Charlottesville after monitoring Saturday's events.
The violence sparked political fallout over the weekend, with critics blasting President Donald Trump for failing to single out white supremacists in his criticism of the violence. The vice president, however, on Sunday did just that, calling out “dangerous fringe groups.”
Opinion: Charlottesville spotlights Trump's toxic failure to lead
People around the nation marched Sunday in support of the anti-racism protesters in Charlottesville, with more than 130 rallies from California to Maine.
What do we know about Fields?
Fields was a man who possessed “outlandish, very radical beliefs,” and a “fondness” for Adolf Hitler, according to Derek Weimer, who teaches social studies at Randall K. Cooper High School in Union, Kentucky.
“It was quite clear he had some really extreme views and maybe a little bit of anger behind them,” Weimer told CNN. “Feeling, what's the word I'm looking for, oppressed or persecuted. He really bought into this white supremacist thing. He was very big into Nazism. He really had a fondness for Adolf Hitler.”
Principal Mike Wilson said he remembered Fields as a quiet and reserved student who graduated in 2015. In August of that year, Fields was inducted into the Army but he left active duty in December 2015. A spokeswoman for the Army said he failed to meet training standards.
“As a result he was never awarded a military occupational skill nor was he assigned to a unit outside of basic training,” Lt. Col. Jennifer Johnson said.
Fields' mother, Samantha Bloom, told the Toledo Blade in Ohio, where he lives, that she didn't know her son was going to Virginia for a white nationalist rally. She thought it had something to do with Trump.
She told the Blade she didn't discuss politics with her son. She was surprised her son attended an event with white supremacists.
“He had an African-American friend,” she told the Blade.
Pence decries neo-Nazis, ‘dangerous fringe groups'
As criticism of Trump's response reverberated, Pence condemned the violence and white supremacists.
“We have no tolerance for hate and violence from white supremacists, neo-Nazis or the KKK,” Pence said during a trip to Cartagena, Colombia. “These dangerous fringe groups have no place in American public life and in the American debate and we condemn them in the strongest possible terms.”
Pence added: “The President also made clear that behavior by others of different militant perspectives are also unacceptable in our political debate and discourse.”
The creator of one of the most prolific neo-Nazi websites praised Trump for not specifically blaming neo-Nazis and white supremacists, saying “he loves us.”
Andrew Anglin of the Daily Stormer wrote that Trump's comments were “good.”
“He didn't attack us. He just said the nation should come together. Nothing specific against us. He said that we need to study why people are so angry, and implied that there was hate on … both sides!” Anglin wrote. “There was virtually no counter-signaling of us at all. He loves us all.”
Anglin did not respond to CNN's request for comment.
What happens now?
Fields will make his initial court appearance Monday morning via a video link from jail. A judge will determine whether he will be granted bail. The hearing is expected to take place at 10 a.m. ET.
Three other men were arrested Saturday. One faces a charge of carrying a concealed handgun and another is charged with disorderly conduct. The third man was arrested on suspicion of assault and battery.
The Justice Department and the Federal Bureau of Investigation have launched a civil rights investigation into the deadly crash, to be led by US Attorney Rick Mountcastle.
Investigators will be looking into Fields' alleged motives, and whether there's enough evidence for a domestic terrorism case.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
When I told friends that I was going on a trip to Murcia, I was repeatedly asked: "Where's that?"
And it wasn't just the Spanish pronunciation – it's Murr-thea. Even after spelling it out a few hints were still needed.
I was flying in to Alicante, I told them, but I wasn't going to Benidorm.
Instead, I travelled an hour in the ­opposite direction and arrived in the heart of a region that is altogether more peaceful.
It has the same sandy shores, the same endless sunshine and a picturesque coastline stretching for miles and miles. The only thing I didn't find were hordes of tourists competing for sangria and sunburn.
The region of Murcia is on a mission to establish itself as the family-friendly alternative to its next door neighbour. It has all the classic Costa ingredients plus the tourist site to keep things interesting.
(Image: Robert Harding World Imagery)
The city of Cartagena was our first port of call. Named after Carthage, the capital city of its founding fathers, the region's second-largest city is steeped in history.
The main attraction on offer for history buffs is the huge Roman theatre in the stunning centre.
We surveyed the scenery from atop the panoramic Sky Lift next door – a 100ft glass tower – and were reminded of Rome, Marrakech and various cities in-between.
The calling cards of the civilisations who occupied the city over the past two millennia are plain to see.
The fascinating Roman Theatre Museum explained the city's past, along with the painstaking restoration efforts that went into revealing its secrets. (entry €6, teatroromanocartagena.org ).
Our next day was spent sampling some of the more modern amenities on offer in Murcia – namely scuba diving.
Instructors at the Naranjito Dive Centre in Cabo de Palos took us through a beginner's course, discovering what lies beneath the waves in the protected marine reserve on its doorstep.
A day spent exploring the seabed is thoroughly recommended.
Taking on something as alien as breathing underwater can seem intimidating but the staff there made our experience seem like second nature (€55, naranjitobuceo.com ).
After we had cleaned the salt water from our wetsuits and relaxed with a feast of fish at the nearby El Pez Rojo restaurant, we retired back to Cartagena, exhausted, ready for an more laid-back experience the next day.
It turns out no visit to the southeast coast of Spain is complete without a whale watching trip. We chugged away from the shore at Mazarrón and within an hour we spotted a pod of three fin whales surfacing.
Then we discovered a school of around 100 dolphins who gamely swam with our vessel for the next half an hour.
(Image: cetaceosynavegacion.com)
It was a magical moment that impressed even the crew who took us out – the astonishment on their faces at having seen so many creatures in one trip was obvious. (Adult €50, child €40, cetaceosynavegacion.com ).
After that we moved further down the coast to Aguilas for a tour of the town and some fantastic tapas, but then, it's hard not to get fantastic tapas in Murcia.
Aguilas, too, is full of history, as the last outpost in Murcia before travellers reach Andalusia.
Fortresses and tales of conquerors are to be had by the bucketload at the San Juan de las Águilas Castle which towers over it.
(Image: Getty)
Our final day saw us move inland, to Caravaca de La Cruz, named by the Vatican as one of the world's five holiest cities. It gets this title thanks to the Basilica, which is said to hold fragments of the cross on which Christ was crucified.
The 900km Camino de Vera Cruz pilgrimage ends here, but the majority of the pilgrims we saw had travelled by coach rather than on foot.
A final stop in Murcia allowed us to take in the grand cathedral and the region's capital city all-too fleetingly on our way home.
We left positively champing at the bit to return and spend more time in a destination which deserves to be known better.
Top travel tips
GET THERE: Monarch flies year-round to Alicante from Gatwick, Birmingham, Luton, Leeds Bradford and Manchester from £120 return. monarch.co.uk
BOOK IT: Rooms at the four -star Hotel NH Cartagena start at £67 a night. nh-hotels.com
Rooms at the four-star TRYP Murcia Rincón de Pepe hotel start at £47 a night. melia.com
Marine Minute
I'm Private First Class Troy Saunders with your Marine Minute.
Marines with Task-Force-Southwest recently practiced flying new drone technology, known as the Instant-Eye small-unmanned-aerial-system, at Marine Corps Base Camp Lejeune, North Carolina. The drones allow operators to record surveillance and execute reconnaissance in small, confined areas which are otherwise inoperable with larger aircraft. Task-Force-Southwest is scheduled to deploy to Afghanistan in the spring, in order to train, advise and assist the Afghan National Army 215th Corps and 505th Zone National Police.
(Also happening in the Corps)
Marines with 2nd Law Enforcement Battalion participated in a grenade-assault training-course at Marine Corps Base Camp Lejeune February 9th. The course prepared Marines to utilize the M67-fragmentation-hand-grenade, and is in preparation for an upcoming Integrated-Training-Exercise at Marine Air-Ground Combat Center in Twenty-Nine Palms, California.
(Also in the news)
The Marine Corps presented the Purple Heart medal to 91-year-old Lee Anderson February 9th, who 72 years earlier, earned the medal after being injured fighting in the famous battle of Iwa Jima during World War II.
That's it for your Marine Minute, for more news around the Marine Corps go to Marines-dot-mil.
The Russia Investigations: 5 Takeaways About The Inescapable Nunes Memo
Enlarge this image toggle caption Susan Walsh/AP Susan Walsh/AP
This week in the Russia investigations: The much-talked-about memo finally made its public debut.
After a week of hyperpartisan madness that critics warn could shatter key D.C. institutions forever, the inescapable, once-secret spying memo wound up falling like a drop of rain into the Pacific Ocean.
There was no Friday Night Massacre in which the leaders of the FBI and Justice Department were pushed out the window or jumped on their own. The memo didn't even break much news — comments by members of Congress and reports in the press ended up setting the stage for it nicely.
But, that doesn't mean it didn't have some points of interest, including these five takeaways.
1. The Steele dossier did not launch the DOJ Russia investigation. George Papadopoulos did.
NPR and other news organizations have not detailed the infamous, unverified dossier compiled by former British spy Christopher Steele because its allegations about President Trump and Russia are unproven. That's why allies of Trump in Congress have sought to make the case that it's the germ of the whole Russia matter.
GOP Releases Memo Alleging FBI Surveillance Abuses GOP Releases Memo Alleging FBI Surveillance Abuses Listen · 19:25 19:25
By drawing attention to its salaciousness and the prospect that it could be the product of Russian intelligence disinformation, they have sought to argue: If it's the sum total of the case for alleged collusion with the Russians or an alleged conspiracy between the Trump 2016 campaign and agents of the Kremlin, there is no case here.
But, it's not the sum total of the alleged conspiracy/collusion case.
And in fact, the memo prepared by Rep. Devin Nunes, R-Calif., the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, says that what "triggered" the FBI's investigation was evidence about onetime Trump campaign foreign policy adviser George Papadopoulos. He has pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI about his contacts with Russians.
According to court documents, Papadopoulos was offered dirt on Hillary Clinton and high-level meetings with Russians early in the campaign. When that story — after a drunken night out at the pub — got back to Washington, D.C., the FBI opened its investigation. So it was already underway by the time the Steele dossier materialized.
2. Two consecutive administrations believed Carter Page worthy of foreign-intelligence monitoring
Carter Page, like George Papadopoulos, was a junior foreign policy adviser to the Trump 2016 campaign. He visited Russia at least twice in 2016 and acknowledged in an earlier interview with the House Intelligence Committee that he'd met with government officials and others there. The core of the memo is that the FBI and the Justice Department used unverified material in the Steele dossier to ask the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court to authorize surveillance of Page.
Republicans say that's the real problem here — in their telling, biased investigators didn't tell the court the dossier material was unproven political opposition research that had been funded by Democrats. But the memo doesn't say whether there might have been other evidence beyond the dossier — foreign intelligence intercepts or reporting from human sources — that also supported the warrant request. (And Friday night the Washington Post reported that the FISA court "was aware that some of the information underpinning the warrant request was paid for by a political entity, although the application did not specifically name the Democratic National Committee or the Hillary Clinton presidential campaign," according to two U.S. officials.)
The Nunes memo also doesn't say that the FISA court requires that a warrant produce intelligence in order to reauthorize it. So, however the FBI got its initial warrant for Page, the Nunes memo suggests that once surveillance of Page started, it continued producing foreign intelligence.
Officials from FBI Director James Comey in 2016 to Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein — who was appointed by Trump and serves today in the Trump administration — have signed successive applications for warrants, the memo says.
3. Christopher Steele is a never-Trumper
The former British intelligence officer and dossier author Christopher Steele has remained a silent cipher in the middle of the Russia imbroglio. He hasn't been heard from publicly since his document exploded onto the scene.
The Nunes memo released on Friday, however, makes clear that Steele was not a politically neutral actor.
Steele was commissioned by a Washington private intelligence company, Fusion GPS. It was hired first by conservative underwriters, then Democrats, to conduct opposition research about Trump in 2016. All the same, Fusion GPS' founder, Glenn Simpson, has told Congress that he did not instruct Steele to go dig up dirt on Trump.
Rather, in his account, Simpson gave Steele an open-ended assignment to find out what he could from sources in Russia he'd cultivated over his career. Steele, according to Simpson, was shocked by what he learned and volunteered on his own to report it all to the FBI.
Friday's memo complicates that picture. According to the Nunes memo, Steele told a contact at the Justice Department that he was "desperate that Donald Trump not get elected and was passionate about him not being president."
That, for Republicans, is more evidence that anti-Trump bias is at the bottom of the DOJ's Russia investigation. And the memo charges that although the FBI "recorded" Steele's feelings, it was "not reflected in any of the Page FISA applications."
Unlike the Nunes memo, however, those underlying documents, remain secret.
Enlarge this image toggle caption J. Scott Applewhite/AP J. Scott Applewhite/AP
4. Some chains of events still aren't clear
Simpson told Congress that one reason Steele broke with the FBI, which the Nunes memo also describes, was he felt the bureau wasn't taking him seriously enough. And Steele was mystified, in Simpson's telling, by a story in The New York Times in which FBI officials said they had no clear link between the Trump campaign and Russia.
But that story appeared on Oct. 31, 2016 — 10 days after the FBI and DOJ applied for their warrant on Page, according to the memo declassified and released Friday. The evidence now shows the FBI certainly thought there was a connection, and it has since become clear the bureau had been running a counterintelligence investigation since July 2016.
Was the Times' story a sin of omission by the FBI or one of commission? Did the people who talked with Times reporters Eric Lightblau and Steven Lee Myers not know about the investigative work that was then underway — or did they mislead the reporters because they wanted to protect their work and not spook potential targets of the investigation in Trump world?
Further confusing the matter is a Washington Post story from April of 2017. It describes a FISA warrant targeting Page "last summer," based in part on his trip to Moscow and what it calls prior contacts with Russian intelligence operatives.
Does that mean the Oct. 21, 2016, warrant application referenced in the declassified memo was actually a reauthorization of an earlier one? There is no independent accounting of events at this time to clear up these questions.
5. Republicans want to redefine the Russia imbroglio
For the House Intelligence Committee's GOP majority, it's not a story about Americans potentially conspiring with a foreign attack on the democratic process. Instead, it's a story about abuse of power, and a hapless martyr in Carter Page.
The memo saga sucked up all the oxygen in Washington, D.C., this week, but it remains to be seen whether it proves a tactical victory or a strategic one. Republicans' memo targeted the weakest aspect of the collusion storyline within the Russia imbroglio — a dossier virtually no one defends — and singled out what they called politically biased FBI and Justice Department officials.
The collusion case has always been broader than the dossier. Several people in the Trump campaign had contacts with Russians, including Papadopoulos, Page, onetime Trump national security adviser Mike Flynn, now-Attorney General Jeff Sessions, Donald Trump Jr., then-campaign chairman Paul Manafort, Trump son-in-law Jared Kushner and others. Trump Jr., Kushner and Manafort hosted a delegation of Russians at Trump Tower in June 2016 following what was described to Trump Jr. as the Russian government's desire to support Trump's campaign by providing information about Hillary Clinton.
Politics Rep. Adam Schiff Weighs In On How Memo Could Affect House Intelligence Investigation Rep. Adam Schiff Weighs In On How Memo Could Affect House Intelligence Investigation Listen · 4:56 4:56
Trump's allies have pushed in all their chips on a strategy of tearing down federal law enforcement, within guardrails established by House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., to preserve the agencies' current leaders in their jobs. Trump has already fired one FBI director, James Comey, and reportedly wanted to fire the Justice Department's special counsel, Robert Mueller.
So although whatever Mueller's office yields will have been prefigured by months of attacks, including the Nunes memo, nothing in the document directly implicates Mueller or his current team. The question now is how much credibility Mueller, the FBI and DOJ will retain by the next time they act in their investigation.
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Coronation Street viewers were shocked when a boy pestered Amy Barlow to "go upstairs" with him this evening.
The 13-year-old lied to her parents about going to the cinema and ended up going to a house party with a pal instead.
She appeared to have stolen her mum's crimson lipstick as she sat next to her friend Jessica who was texting boys nearby.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
Meanwhile, her parents Steve McDonald and Tracy Barlow were in a panic after she failed to turn up at the agreed meeting place at 6pm.
Later, Amy ended up talking to a couple of boys, one of whom offered her a drink which she declined.
When she revealed that she had forgotten her bus pass to head home, the boy with ginger hair offered to give her some money or walk her home.
He was then ribbed by his friend, who then went away.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
"Sorry about that," the boy told Amy, "but he left us to it though."
Asking Amy why she hadn't been replying to his texts, she said that he lost her phone.
"So you do like me?" he asked before leaning in for a kiss. He then added: "I could walk you back if you like - or we could go upstairs... what do you reckon?"
She thankfully decided not to take him up on his offer while her dad Steve and mum Tracy burst in on the party and saw her hugging the boy, who was pestering her to go upstairs.
Awkward!
*Coronation Street returns on Monday at 7.30pm and 8.30pm on ITV
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tim Farron has resigned as Liberal Democrat leader to "remain faithful to Christ" in a dramatic swipe at questions over his faith.
The committed Christian bowed out in a surprise statement after facing heavy criticism over his views on homosexuality during the general election campaign.
He faced fury after having to be asked several times before he would say gay sex was not a sin.
Hours before he quit, Lib Dem peer Brian Paddick - who was Britain's most senior openly gay police officer in the Met Police - piled on pressure by resigning as home affairs spokesman over his "views".
In a speech to staff at the Lib Dems' London HQ, Mr Farron declared: "I have found myself torn between living as a faithful Christian and serving as a political leader.
"A better, wiser person than me may have been able to deal with this more successfully, to have remained faithful to Christ while leading a political party in the current environment."
Flanked by party grandees including Vince Cable and Norman Lamb said journalists "have every right to ask what they see fit".
But he added: "To be a political leader - especially of a progressive, liberal party in 2017 - and to live as a committed Christian, to hold faithfully to the Bible's teaching, has felt impossible for me.
"I'm a liberal to my fingertips, and that liberalism means that I am passionate about defending the rights and liberties of people who believe different things to me.
"There are Christians in politics who take the view they should impose the tenets of their faith on society.
(Photo: Getty)
(Photo: Getty)
"But I have not taken that approach because I fundamentally disagree with it. It's not liberal and actually it's counter-productive when it comes to advancing the gospel.
"Even so I seem to have been the subject of suspicion because of what I believe and who my faith is in.
"In which case we are kidding ourselves if we think we yet live in a tolerant liberal society."
Mr Farron barely clung on to his seat in Westmorland & Lonsdale, Cumbria, after his majority of almost 9,000 was slashed to 777 in the general election.
The Lib Dems gained just three extra seats overall as the party's predicted fightback failed to materialise and former deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg lost his seat in Sheffield Hallam.
NEW HAVEN, Conn. (ABC NEWS)– Tax day is here! Even though we had a few extra days to file this year, some of you still may not make Tuesday night's midnight deadline which is why we're helping you stretch your dollar with some options. Even if you feel like time is up, it's important you do something to avoid those costly penalties.
With more than 150 million Americans rushing to file their tax returns, it probably comes as no surprise that millions and millions of us aren't close to being ready and this year, we even got a few extra days to crunch those numbers. A federal holiday fell on the 15th so the filing deadline got pushed back, making Tuesday, April 18th at midnight the deadline.
So, with that deadline looming what's a taxpayer to do?
“What you need to remember is you've got to file something,” said Katherine Pickering, executive director at the Tax Institute at H&R Block.
Filing your return is the best way to go–the penalties for non-filing or late filing are far greater than the penalties of late payment. However, there is another option.
“You can always file an extension which will give you until October to file your return,” she added.
If you owe, try to pay as much as you can, as soon as you can. That will stop any fees, as well as those painful penalties. There are several simple ways to do so including paying online, by phone, by check or even using your personal credit card.
On the other hand, if you happen to be one of the lucky ones getting money back:
“You still need to file your taxes. The government isn't just going to give you a refund,” Pickering added.
With that in mind, the IRS is sitting on about one billion dollars in unclaimed refunds. Taxpayers have three years from the time the tax is due to claim one so April 18th is the last day taxpayers can receive a refund from the 2013 tax year.
If you have a fairly simple return that you can do yourself, we have some apps and sites you can visit at home right now so you are filed before deadline.
As USA Swimming Grapples With Sexual Abuse, Athletes Cite Lack Of Female Coaches
Enlarge this image toggle caption Ted S. Warren/AP Ted S. Warren/AP
Congressional committees have been looking into the issue of sexual abuse in Olympic sports, with a particular focus on gymnastics. Now stories of alleged abuse are emerging in swimming. Last month, former Olympic athlete Ariana Kukors Smith sued her former coach, Sean Hutchinson, for allegedly abusing her. She also sued USA Swimming and the U.S. Olympic Committee because she says they failed to protect her.
Today, there are more than 150 coaches on USA Swimming's permanently banned list. Almost all are men, most of whom the organization has deemed to have violated its code of conduct, including a section that prohibits "any inappropriate sexually oriented behavior or action."
Chris DeSantis, a swim coach in New Jersey, says the actual number is probably much higher than the public list would suggest: "I would estimate the actual number of coaches who have done something that they should be banned for is north of 1,000."
Hutchison, the coach, denies Kukors Smith's allegation. "I absolutely deny having any sexual or romantic relationship with her before she was old enough to legally make those decisions for herself. Prior to that time, I did nothing to 'groom' her," Hutchison said in a statement, according to the The Seattle Times. "I deeply regret that she would make these wild allegations all these years later."
USA Swimming did not respond to repeated requests for comment. Earlier this year, USA Swimming CEO Tim Hinchey sent a letter to its members reading, in part "Let me be clear: USA Swimming does not tolerate sexual abuse or misconduct, and I assure you that this organization is facing this extremely serious issue with one very clear goal – protecting children and athletes."
"We will not shy away from acknowledging or supporting survivors of abuse, and we will strive to ensure that there is never a lapse of a support system again," the letter continues.
There are also coaches who have been publicly accused of assault who are not on the banned list. Sarah Ehekircher accused her swim coach Scott McFarland of misconduct more than two decades ago.
McFarland said that two had a consensual relationship when Ehekircher was 18 and they were both living in Colorado. But she said he first sexually assaulted her on a trip to California when she was 17. After a hearing conducted in 2010, USA Swimming did not discipline him.
She wonders if having more female leadership at the club would have changed things. "Specifically for me," she says, "I think I would have had someone to go to."
There are very few female swim coaches at the elite level. It wasn't until 2012 that a woman — Teri McKeever, who coached at the University of California for more than 25 years — was appointed to serve as coach of the U.S. Olympic women's team. In a speech McKeever gave four years ago, she spoke about how long it took for women to break that barrier. "Swimming started at the Olympics for women in 1912," she said. "I had the great honor in 2012 to be the head coach as we went into in London. So 100 years."
That milestone didn't augur permanent change, though: four years later, McKeever was left off of the coaching roster. It was once again, all white men.
Susan Teeter, who recently retired as the head coach of the swim team at Princeton University, was disappointed by the snub. "I personally was pretty upset," she says. "I just don't understand how you can leave off someone who got rave reviews in 2012 as the head coach. It was mind boggling."
In past statements, the organization has pointed out that there are roughly the same number of female and male coaches in the sport. Women, however, are much more likely to coach younger age group swimmers.
Nancy Hogshead-Makar, a gold medalist in swimming in 1984 who now leads the advocacy organization Champion Women, says the lack of female coaches at the elite level has implications beyond depriving young girls of potential role models. "I think the consequences of having an overwhelming male coaching staff and leadership is a lot of sexual abuse," she says.
She says one of her former coaches, Mitch Ivey, abused a fellow teammate in the 1980s. In 1993, he separately denied allegations of sexual misconduct against him, according to The New York Times. He was banned by USA Swimming for violating its Code of Conduct decades later, in 2013.
"What made swimming so dangerous in my era and from what I understand today," says Hogshead-Makar, "is that there's this implicit understanding that coaches can find their romantic or sexual partner from within the athletes that they coach."
Those relationships have been prohibited since 2013. But as Hogshead-Makar points out, that only happened once the U.S. Olympic Committee pressured USA Swimming to adopt the rule.
Susan Teeter, the former coach at Princeton, says she is devoting her retirement to bringing more women into the coaching ranks.
"I don't have a solution, I just know it's a problem," she says. "And I'm willing to go out looking for the answers and trying to change it."
To that end, she says, she formed a task force to study the issue. Her hope is to ensure that the women who are on the pool deck aren't just swimmers or their moms, but the people actually in charge.
Jammu: Jammu and Kashmir government led by Chief Minister Mehbooba Mufti on Saturday ordered the withdrawal of cases registered against 9,730 people involved in stone-pelting incidents.
Announcing the decision in the state assembly, Mufti said, ''W#e have decided to withdraw cases registered against 9,730, including first-time offenders, between 2008 and 2017 in connection with the incidents of stone-pelting.''
''The government's move to withdraw 1,745 cases is subject to "certain conditions" and is based on recommendations of a committee constituted to look into the matter,'' Mufti said.
The PDP leader further informed that her government has also decided to grant amnesty to more than 4,000 people, who are said to be involved in minor incidents of stone pelting over the past two years.
Mufti said this in a written reply to a question related to government's stand on stone-pelting incidents in J&K.
Mufti, however, did not disclose the particulars of first-time offenders due to security considerations for them and their families.
Giving details, Mufti said 3,773 cases were registered in 2016 and 2017, leading to the arrest of 11,290 people, of whom 233 remained untraced.
Seven cases were not admitted and 1,692 were chargesheeted, while 1,841 cases were under investigation, Mufti, who holds the home department portfolio, said.
The Chief Minister said while 2,904 cases were registered and 8,570 people were arrested in connection with stone- pelting incidents in 2016, the number of such cases in 2017 dropped to 869 in which 2,720 people were arrested.
Sharing region-wise details about the number of people arrested in connection with the stone-pelting cases, Mufti said, ''The highest 2,330 people were arrested in Srinagar followed by 2,046 in Baramulla, 1,385 in Pulwama, 1,123 in Kupwara, 1,118 in Anantnag, 783 in Budgam, 714 in Ganderbal, 694 in Shopian, 548 in Bandipora, 547 in Kulgam and two in Doda districts during 2016 and 2017.''
She said 56 government employees and 16 Hurriyat Conference activists were among the 4,949 people found involved in stone-pelting incidents, while 4,074 were not affiliated with any separatist or militant group.
Intense clashes had rocked Kashmir Valley in 2016 following the death of Hizbul Mujahideen commander Burhan Wani in July that year, resulting in the death of over 85 people.
CM Mufti had come under criticism for giving a go-ahead to the J&K Police to register a case against Army personnel who allegedly opened fire when their convoy was attacked with stones in Shopian district recently.
The firing resulted in the death of some civilians following which triggered a protest in the Kashmir Valley.
The arm also filed a counter-FIR in the case later.
(With PTI inputs)
CONGRATS: Clubs Queensland Awards Asahi sales general manager Shane Walsh (centre) presents (from left) Warick Redwood, Travis Corcoran, Craig Law and Peter Brewer from the Sunshine Beach Surf Club with the hall of fame award.
THE Sunshine Beach Surf Club is so fantastic it's been forced to leave a competition so other clubs have a shot at being crowned the winner.
On March 28, the Sunshine Beach Surf Club was inducted into the Keno and Clubs Queensland Award for Excellence hall of fame for taking out top honours in best surf life saving supporters club (small club) three years in a row.
Club manager Tim Johnson said clubs that have consecutive wins are prevented from entering in the same category for following years, and are instead entered in to the hall of fame.
"After you've won the category three years in a row, you get excluded from that category for three years,” Mr Johnson said.
"There's only been two other surf clubs that have done that, only about 18 clubs that have ever made the hall of fame.
"We're thrilled, it's recognition of the great staff we've got, the position, a whole range of things.”
More than 1100 guests from across the state attended the awards ceremony at the Brisbane Convention and Exhibition Centre event to see Queensland clubs recognised for their successes.
Clubs Queensland chief executive officer Doug Flockhart congratulated Sunshine Beach Surf Club on its previous awards success and ongoing commitment to its community.
"On behalf of Clubs Queensland, I welcome the Surf Club Sunshine Beach in to our hall of fame,” Mr Flockhart said.
"Having secured the prestigious best surf life saving supporters club (small club) awards in 2014, 2015 and 2016, Surf Club Sunshine Beach continues to offer members and patrons outstanding facilities and services.”
London, UK, – Trade Facilities Services, an electrical testing company provides a reliable Fire Alarm testing services in London and Essex. They also provide different types of electrical certificates in London.
In case of any fire-related emergency, if you have a well-trained and experienced fire safety expert, who knows everything about fire alarm and how to control and maintain that situation will help you a lot, and it can save several lives.
All businesses should be aware of the fire risks and take proper steps to prevent fire immediately. While hiring a certified fire alarm managing person, you must keep few things in mind. Is that person certified with any fire alarm managing course or not? If yes, then he/she will be able to manage the security alarm monitoring system, fire alarm monitoring, or any other type of safety system for your business. Trade Facilities Services provides the well educated and experienced electricians who have a great knowledge about the fire safety and maintenance.
The qualified electrician Trade Facilities Services make sure that your personal place or workplace is fully protected from fire emergencies, if not, a then the trained fire safety expert determines which type of fire detection systems you need and implement your fire emergency plan.
If you are looking for a fire safety certified course providing company in London then no need to look further, get a fire alarm certificates by qualified engineers in London and Essex with Trade Facilities Services.
You can find over here what includes in their fire alarm certificate; it will identify the following:
1. Type of system
2. Type of Supply
3. How many Sounders?
4. How many Call Points?
5. How many Smoke Detectors?
6. How many Heat Detectors?
7. Type of Control System
Trade Facilities Services knows that today's fire alarm systems require more care, validated installation, and proper maintenance to ensure that false alarms are infrequent. For this, you should hire reliable fire alarm testing expert who can detect an emergency quickly without any damage to a property or loss of any life. For more information, visit the official website of Trade Facilities Services or contact at 0203 637 1446.
About the company:
Trade Facilities Services is an electrical testing company that provides (EICR) Electrical installation condition reports. These are otherwise known as Electrical Certificates, Electrical Installation Certificates and Electrical Reports. Trade Facilities Services covers London and Essex and provides all electrical testing in these areas. These include Fire alarms emergency lighting and PAT Testing. All Electricians are registered with NAPIT or the NICEIC and are fully insured and qualified. Trade Facilities Services works on both Domestic and Commercial properties and covers all landlord electrical certification requirements. All EICR reports can be delivered on the day if required and appointments generally only require 24 hours' notice.
Listen, Conor McGregor, if you really want to get this fight done… take care of your business with the UFC and then have your people get in touch with my people.
A post shared by Floyd Mayweather (@floydmayweather) on Feb 15, 2017 at 12:19am PST
The journey towards global wireless internet could result in a significant increase in the volume of ‘space junk' within the earth's orbit, according to a senior lecturer in aerospace engineering at the University of Southampton.
Companies such as Google and SpaceX are planning to launch “mega constellations” of satellites into low orbit in an effort to provide global broadband networks, but the deployment of thousands of new satellites would likely lead to a rise in catastrophic collisions.
Dr Hugh Lewis ran a 200-year simulation and found that the number of incidents between satellites could rise by as much as 50 percent due to such an increase in orbital traffic.
Space junk
“The constellations that are due to be deployed from next year contain an unprecedented number of satellites, and a constellation launched without much thought will see a significant impact on the space environment because of the increased rate of collisions that might occur,” he said.
There are currently around 750,000 objects larger than 1cm orbiting Earth, travelling at average speeds of 40,000 km/h, meaning the space junk issue is already a very real one that future voyagers will have to navigate.
To help solve the problem, the European Space Agency has called for broadband-providing satellites to be moved into low altitude once they have served their purpose so that they burn up in the Earth's atmosphere.
Dr Holger Krag, the head of the space debris office at the ESA, expressed concerns regarding the lack of experience tech companies have when it comes to working in space, we well as their cost-cutting ambitions.
“They are companies so they have competitors, so they have pressure,” he said. “Under these conditions they would have to manufacture satellites that are reliable enough after five years of operations to reliably conduct this disposal manoeuvre.
“Right now, under all the taxpayer-funded space flight we are doing today is only able to achieve 60 percent of success rate for that manoeuvre. How can they be better under commercial pressure and with cheaper satellites? That's the worry we have.”
Quiz: The wonderful world of Wi-Fi
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The last thing you want to see in pan of simmering water is an egg that looks like a ghost.
If you've ever tried – and spectacularly failed – to make poached eggs, you'll know what I mean. There, floating about in a mystic fashion is a straggly egg white, haunting your breakfast, mocking your toast.
You'd likely be forgiven for suggesting that poached eggs simply aren't worth the effort. But done properly, they're delicious – soft white treasure chests full of liquid gold.
Much like scrambled eggs, there are a few points to consider if you're in it to win it. You might be thinking of the Vinegar Trick? Well, it turns out that the method is somewhat divisive in the chef world.
Vinegar isn't a universal rule
(Photo: Getty)
We'll come back to the vinegar, because there's one thing that's absolutely crucial and agreed upon if you're to make perfect poached eggs: age. Namely, the age of the eggs. You need the freshest possible. It might sound obvious, but then it's not an imperative of fried, boiled, indeed any other (though advisable).
Head chef of Native in London's Covent Garden and former River Cottage man Ivan Tisdall-Downes told Mirror Online: "First things first - a fresh egg! Ideally free range, they have the richest yolks and hold their shape so there's no need for a ramekin, vinegar, or whisking the water!"
No vinegar at all? No vigorous whisking? No ramekin from which to delicately slip the egg into the simmering water below?
"Not if you use the freshest eggs," Ivan added. "With a super fresh egg the inner membrane is strong, which will keep the albumin in tact around the egg yolk.
"It's when the egg ages that the inner membrane begins to break down, releasing more of the albumin during cooking - in this case you will need vinegar to help set the egg.
"I drop them into boiling water but then remove the pan from the heat, as the water is still and not bubbling it prevents the eggs from feathering."
(Photo: Getty)
Ivan's eggs are good. I've had them. However, others swear by the use of vinegar. The Guardian's recipe expert Felicity Cloake mentions it as a reasonable option, as does food writer Leah Hyslop from Sainsbury's Magazine.
Leah told me: "Vinegar definitely helps - adding acid to the water helps the white of the egg set quicker, so you don't get those nasty straggly bits!
"I personally don't think there's any need to use a ramekin or cling film - you just need to get the water swirling quite fast, then gently slip the egg in.
"Don't try and do more than one egg at a time would be my top tip - they often end up sticking together, or don't cook quickly enough.
"Also, always lift out with a slotted spoon and let rest a little on kitchen paper. Stops it being soggy and watery."
These look like fine poached eggs (unfortunately they're sitting on avocado)
Chef and writer Sophie Michell agrees on the vinegar. And also makes a point of limiting the number of eggs cooking at one time.
She said: "When it comes to poaching eggs, keep it simple. Add a good bit of white wine vinegar to a large body of water, then add the eggs just when the small bubbles are starting to appear.
"I don't add too many to the pan and I don't do it when the bubbles are too big."
Sophie also mentions the fact that eggs must be fresh (though still believes in the use of vinegar).
"One major tip is that you must use very fresh eggs as the white is tighter and won't spread out too much," she said.
Water temperature is also an important aspect of poached egg cookery – add your egg too early, before the water has had a chance to calm down, and your egg will be all flustered. You will conjure the egg ghost.
poll loading Do you add vinegar to your poached eggs? 0+ VOTES SO FAR No, but I'm going to try it No, I don't think it's necessary Absolutely! It really works I don't like poached eggs
Most people also seem to believe that whisking the water (with a balloon whisk, preferably, as Felicity Cloake also notes) is key. Marcus Wareing, once a champion of breakfasts at the famous Savoy hotel, advises whirling up the water before easing the egg in carefully, so that it travels as one inside the hot flow of the water.
But then Delia Smith calls the whirlpool practice "French" and instead relies on time – she allows her eggs to cook slowly in hot, shallow water. About ten minutes. Some people don't even need ramekins to aid a gentle touch.
“In the end, we found that that doing virtually nothing works best," food writers the Gastro Gays told me.
"We use a gas cooker, so regulating the water temperature is easy - just below boiling point.
"Leave the egg in the water for three minutes exactly, and it's good to go!"
The one clear rule for poached eggs, then? Freshness. Everything else is up to you.
Telangana chief minister K. Chandrasekhar Rao with his West Bengal counterpart Mamata Banerjee. Photo: Indranil Bhoumik/Mint
New Delhi: Regional parties made fresh attempts on Monday to claim the leadership space in the opposition by projecting themselves as a viable non-Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) non-Congress alternative.
Telangana chief minister K. Chandrasekhar Rao met Trinamool Congress chief and West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Monday evening to discuss a possible federal non-BJP non-Congress front ahead of the general election next year.
“We are trying to bring in a real third front for this country. This will be a group of like-minded leaders. Today is just the beginning. Rest of the things will get clear when other leaders will sit together, discuss and come to a consensus,” Rao, also the chief of the Telangana Rashtra Samithi, told reporters after the meeting in Kolkata.
Banerjee described the initiative as an attempt to form a “people's front” and added that strong states will help build a stronger centre.
Earlier this month, Rao gave the first indication of such a front by saying that he was ready to be a part of a third front if required and added that like-minded parties were being approached to join.
The exclusion of the Congress from the opposition front comes at a time when the party is attempting to stitch together an opposition front against the BJP.
Former party president Sonia Gandhi held a meeting of 19 opposition parties last week. The party's crucial political resolution released during its plenary session on Saturday called for a “common workable program” with like-minded parties ahead of the 2019 polls.
“On the one hand, the BJP is consolidating itself under a strong leadership whereas the erstwhile dominant Congress party has been weakening electorally. In this context, the regional parties want to find a space for themselves. The idea has been conceived but it will be challenging as to how far it succeeds,” said E. Venkatesu, associate political science professor at the University of Hyderabad.
“As far as Congress is concerned, the regional parties follow or rally around it only if it has electoral outcomes to show, and if it has its own political strength. As of now, the Congress has been unable to do it,” added Venkatesu, who is also a coordinator for Lokniti, part of the Centre for the Study of Developing Societies.
Interestingly, the reach-out between the two chief ministers comes at a time when two other regional parties—the YSR Congress Party and the Telugu Desam Party—are trying to corner the Union government with a no-confidence motion.
While Union parliamentary affairs minister Ananth Kumar said on Monday that the National Democratic Alliance government was ready to face the no-confidence motion, the motion could not be taken up for consideration owing to continued disruption in the Parliament for the 11th consecutive working day of the second half of the budget session. The no-confidence motion could come up for discussion again on Tuesday.
Arkamoy Dutta Majumdar in Kolkata contributed to this story.
Sam Smith may be having the worst Monday ever.
Hours after Fifth Harmony announced they're taking a hiatus to “pursue solo endeavors,” the 25-year-old Grammy winner hopped on Twitter to express his extreme distress.
“FIFTH HARMONY!!!!! NO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!” wrote Smith.
The singer's timeline was immediately flooded with support from his fellow Harmonizers, who have been melting down all day on social media after the sudden announcement.
Same here man!! Got you 😭😭 pic.twitter.com/oFwMRAIMtO — Nuri 🙈 (@nuri5h) March 19, 2018
MY HEART IS BROKEN 😭😭💔 — SCARLET LOVES CAMILA (@scarlovescamila) March 19, 2018
We know Sam we know. But the real OG hormones will continue to support the girls and their solo Endeavors no matter what. And we hope you do too. #LYLASDidTheImpossible #ThankYouFifthHarmony pic.twitter.com/I1EX2m0n46 — #StreamLoveLiesOnSpotify🌈🏳️ (@CiiaraWilson96) March 19, 2018
Last year, talk-show host James Corden made Smith's collaboration dreams come true during his appearance on Carpool Karaoke by surprising the entertainer with Fifth Harmony.
“I feel free, I feel alive. I feel the woman in me is on fire,” Smith told Corden about listening to the girl group's music before they hopped in the car. “‘Work From Home' is my wedding song. I want to walk down to it in heels. I'm obsessed with them.”
Ally Brooke, Normani Kordei, Dinah Jane and Lauren Jauregui — along with former member Camila Cabello — auditioned as solo artists for The X Factor in 2012 and finished third in the competition as a group.
Ally Brooke, Normani Kordei, Dinah Jane and Lauren Jauregui Michael Tran/FilmMagic
Cabello suddenly departed the group in Dec. 2016 and has found solo success with hits like “Havana” and “Never Be the Same.”
“We are all very excited and grateful to be able to take this time to learn and grow creatively and really find our footing as individuals. In doing this we are allowing ourselves to gain new experiences, strengths and perspectives that we can bring back to our Fifth Harmony family,” Brooke, Kordei, Jane and Jauregui said in a joint statement Monday morning.
Only 2 more months until the doors open to Techtextil North America 2017 in Chicago, Illinois. The 2017 exhibitor list proves to be the best show held outside of Atlanta yet! With over 151 exhibitors from 17 countries and growing the 2017 show is a record breaking year.
Highlighted below are a sampling of new exhibitors to our show floor.
AG Cilander: Switzerland
Swiss textile finishing and coating company with experience in fashion and technical textiles.
Color Service Srl: Italy
Color Service was founded in 1987 and is the world leader in the production of automatic dosing systems for the textile industry.
GTI Graphic Technology, Inc.: USA
GTI's viewing systems conform to ASTM D1729, SAE J361, and BS-950 Part 2 standards. The product offering ranges from desktop viewers to color harmony rooms. All products are manufactured at our Newburgh, NY headquarters. An in-house spectroradiometric laboratory and 100% measurement and verification production process guarantees accuracy in all products.
Guangzhou Xibo Chemical Technology Co., Ltd. (Sileather): China
Sileather™ is a new type of performance leather made of 100% silicone. With the unique advantages of silicone, they offer the world a better solution of eco-friendly, easy to clean, weatherproof and highly durable performance fabrics that can be applied in various markets: interior/exterior design, transportation, healthcare, hospitality, marine, etc.
Taconic: USA
Taconic produces high performance PTFE coated fiberglass fabrics, tapes and belts for a diverse range of applications, wherever there is a need for high temperature and nonstick properties. Our worldwide staff includes R&D engineers who can help solve your most difficult challenges. We are finding a better way.
German Pavilion
This year the German Pavilion, organized by the Federal Ministry for Economic Affairs and Energy (BMWi) in cooperation with AUMA _Association of the German Trade Fair Industry will host 25 exhibitors at this year's event in Chicago. Highlighted below are a sampling of the new exhibitors you will see in Techtextil North America's German Pavilion.
Eschler Technical Textiles Ltd.:
Eschler Technical Textiles Ltd., a member of the Schoeller Textiles group, stands for customized and sustainable developed warp knitted textiles for a variety of applications such as Medical Textiles, Expo, Cleaning Textiles, Special Textiles und Base Layers. Our German production site, has been considered as a competent partner for many years when innovative warp-knitted technical textiles are requested.
Gruschwitz Textilwerke AG:
Gruschwitz has a more than 200 years track record as supplier for yarns focussing on twisted, winded or coated threads. Covering a huge range of yarns from natural, chemical and high-tech fibers Gruschwitz is able to select a tailormade process according to the customer´s challenge. Customers are supported by pilot plants and a development and testing laboratory. Gruschwitz provides solutions for a wide range of industries covering e.g. Mobiltech, Medtech, Aerotech, Indutech and Sewtech.
OLBRICH GmbH:
Inspiring Engineering – Convincing Technology! OLBRICH is your system supplier of intelligent machine and line concepts for the production of web products such as wallpaper, floor coverings, film/foils and technical textiles.
Posted April 17, 2017
Source: Messe Frankfurt
Police have arrested a third man in connection with the March fatal shooting of Ricardo Oliveros. carlballou Getty Images/iStockphoto
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Mo Salah produced one of the all-time great European performances to put Liverpool within touching distance of the Champions' League final.
But a unlikely, improbable comeback from Roma as they scored two late goals has left the Italians dreaming of another impossible result in the eternal city next week.
Eusebio Di Francesco's men know that the same stunning 3-0 win they miraculously earned against Barça in the previous round will put them through the final, despite being left out for the count on another amazing Champions' League night.
If Roma's fight-back took the gloss over what was until the last 10 minutes one of Liverpool finest-ever European nights, then it should not detract from Salah's masterpiece.
Not content with his one-man assault on the English goal-scoring records, the Egyptian King is not set about world domination after this stunning display posted notice to Messi and Ronaldo he is coming after them.
(Image: Clive Brunskill)
(Image: John Powell)
The forward took his season's tally to an astonishing 43 goals with two breath-taking first half finishes, and then he proved he is far more than a goal-mouth poacher, with an unselfish vision to gift goals for Sadio Mane and Roberto Firmino after the break.
When Firmino added a fifth from a corner with a stunning header, it left hapless Roma out for the count on the Anfield turf, and Liverpool considering an eighth European Cup final.
But just as Reds fans were booking their flights to Kiev, events again conspired to leave Liverpool fearing the return leg on Rome next week, as Edin Dzeko pulled one back with a cool finish nine minutes from time.
(Image: Clive Brunskill)
And then referee Felix Brych – no stranger to controversy, gave another hugely debatable decision when he awarded a penalty for handball against James Milner with five minutes remaining.
It was harsh in the extreme with the ball seeming to strike the midfielder from close range, but sub Diego Perotti's finish from the spot gives Roma something to fight for in the second leg.
Salah though, will be confident of scoring again in Rome to finish the job, as his former team-mates looked fearful of his every move, after a world class display.
Here's how the players rated...
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Liverpool
Karius 6
Early nerves saw him almost make a big error, but settled into game
Alexander-Arnold 7
Booked. Great composure down the right, and wonderful energy
Lovren 7
(Image: Clive Brunskill)
Such power and aggression, and brought ball out with control as well
Van Dijk 8
Looked to be relishing this stage, and is one of Europe's best defenders
Robertson 7
Come a long way from Queens Park, and his delivery a real weapon
Oxlade-Chamberlain 6
(Image: REUTERS)
Cruel blow to pick up injury just 15 minutes into game, stretchered off
Henderson 8
Led by example in the middle, and fought like a demon for his men
Milner 7
Just a machine. Defys gravity never mind age, incredible again here
Salah 10
(Image: Clive Brunskill)
MOTM. There is officially nothing more to say about Mo – he is a genius, full stop
Firmino 9
Movement and vision were a key to create space for Salah to explode
Mane 7
(Image: Clive Brunskill)
Missed a couple but showed immense courage to stay in game and score
Subs
Wijnaldum 6 (Oxlade-Chamberlain 18)
Roma
(Image: Clive Brunskill)
Alisson 6; Fazio 4, Manolos 5, Jesus 3(Perotti 67,5), Florenzi 4; Di Rossi 4 (Gonalons67, 5), Strootman 4, Kolarov 5, Under 4 (Schick 46,6), Nainggolan 5; Dzeko 5Schick 6 (Under 46) Perotti 6
Ref: Felix Brych (Ger) Att: 54,765
Over the weekend the IDF announced the second recent discovery and destruction of a terror tunnel penetrating Israel from Gaza, this one courtesy of Hamas (the first was a product of Islamic Jihad). I have embedded a tweet below with the IDF video regarding the tunnel. You can see to what use the Arabs of Gaza put the concrete and funds they import. Apart from advances in the techniques of terrorism, they have contributed approximately nothing to humanity.
The New York Times story includes this atmospheric sentence suggesting the downside of Israel's detection and destruction of the tunnel: “More immediately, the action against the tunnel injected another element of uncertainty into the simmering tensions over President Trump's decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel.” I fancy myself a capable translator of Times prose, but the precise meaning of that sentence escapes me. Perhaps it lacks a precise meaning beyond the implication that the defense of Israel from terrorism and President Trump's decision to recognize Israel as the capital of Israel…they're both bad.
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
From a shock cheating scandal to drowning fears, Emmerdale has it all going on next week.
But what are the major storylines you should be looking out for? Here's all you need to know...
Joe Tate feared dead in shock drowning twist
Bad boy Joe Tate could meet a grisly end when a dangerous dare goes badly wrong.
In shocking scenes set to air next week, the village villain will be feared dead in a shock drowning twist.
The village villain jumps off the edge of a quarry to impress his younger brother Noah Dingle but he doesn't resurface.
The drama begins when Noah, who is desperate to hang out with his rich half-brother, asks him if they can reminisce over their dead dad.
(Image: ITV)
Joe is hesitant as Charity has banned the pair form meeting up, but furious Noah mistakes his awkwardness and storms off.
Determined to make it up to his brother, Joe grabs a mountain bike and pursues Noah into the woods.
The brothers share a intimate moment at the edge of a quarry as they start to bond properly for the first time.
Once the emotional stuff is out of the way Noah dares his millionaire sibling to jump off the edge, which he stupidly agrees to.
Joe impulsively launches himself into the water way down below, but there's a massive problem.
Noah is left terrified when Joe doesn't resurface - so is he dead?
Aaron and Robert's shock as Liv's alcoholism is exposed
Liv Dingle is already struggling with life behind bars in the Youth Offenders institution - but things are about to get tougher for the teen as her brother Aaron discovers the full extent of her drinking .
Over the last year, Liv (Isobel Steele) has left viewers worried as she continued to drink to cope with anything bad happening in her life.
Ever since she was jailed, Liv has been struggling without her crutch.
In upcoming episodes, teacher Steve notices fellow inmate Tash mocking Liv for being an Alchy.
(Image: ITV)
Liv shrugs off the taunts but is worried that her secret may be exposed.
However Steve can't ignore Tash's remarks and asks Liv whether she has a drinking problem.
Liv denies that she has a problem but Steve is still suspicious.
Later, an oblivious Aaron (Danny Miller) and Robert (Ryan Hawley) are pleased as they visit Liv and are convinced that she has it all together.
But reality comes crashing down on them when Steve approaches them.
Aaron is left incredibly worried by Steve's words...
Belle goes missing after the voices in her head become too much
Belle Dingle will suffer a bad reaction to the voices in her head - something which could lead to disaster.
Recently, viewers have been left worried for Belle (Eden Taylor-Draper) as her schizophrenia appears to have reared its ugly head once more after she became the target of her family's anger.
Belle helped mum Lisa leave the Dales after she suffered an angina attack, brought about from stress.
(Image: ITV)
In upcoming episodes, Belle becomes distracted by the voices in her head and she reacts badly when they tell her to destroy the alcohol.
When Belle loses it in the barn, Lachlan is panicked to discover she has been hearing voices again.
Lachlan and Gerry then frantically try to search for Belle in the village and it's a race against time to find her.
Will they find her and will she be ok?
Megan gets shock when Frank proposes - unaware she's cheated on him
Megan Macey gets a shock when Frank Clayton proposes to her next week.
What should be a happy moment is ruined as Megan has been up to no good and cheated on Frank with another villager.
While romantic Frank was planning his big proposal, Megan was kissing Graham Foster as they finally acted on their mutual attraction.
(Image: ITV)
Megan gets the wrong end of the stick when she hears Frank, who cheated on her with Charity Dingle, whispering to someone.
She assumes the worst of the former love rat when the lies start to build up, unaware that he is speaking to a jeweller about an expensive engagement ring.
Awkward!
Also...
Charity tries to stop Noah from meeting up with Joe
Misty offers to plan Brenda's hen do
Emmerdale exit on the cards as the burden of Daz Spencer's secret becomes too much to bear?
*Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7pm on ITV with an additional episode at 8pm on Thursday
FARGO, N.D. (AP) — The Latest on one of two suspects pleading guilty in the killing of a pregnant North Dakota woman. (all times local):
11:40 a.m.
A North Dakota woman has pleaded guilty in the killing of a pregnant neighbor so she and her boyfriend could keep the baby.
Thirty-eight-year-old Brooke Crews could face life in prison after pleading guilty Monday to conspiracy to commit kidnapping and murder, and lying to law officers in the death of 22-year-old Savanna Greywind, of Fargo.
Advertisement
Crews' attorney said she wanted to take responsibility for her actions, but Crews didn't offer details on how Greywind was killed. Authorities haven't said either.
Greywind was eight months pregnant when she disappeared in August. Kayakers found her body wrapped in plastic in a river. The baby was found alive in the apartment Crews shared with her 32-year-old boyfriend, William Hoehn. He's scheduled for trial in March.
Cass County prosecutor Birch Burdick didn't comment on Crews' plea.
___
10:15 a.m.
A North Dakota woman accused of killing a pregnant neighbor so she and her boyfriend could keep the baby is set to change her plea.
Thirty-eight-year-old Brooke Crews is scheduled to appear in Cass County Court in Fargo on Monday. She and her boyfriend, 32-year-old William Hoehn, have pleaded not guilty to conspiracy to commit murder and kidnapping in the death of 22-year-old Savanna Greywind.
Investigators haven't said how Greywind was killed, but Fargo's police chief has called it a “cruel and vicious act of depravity.”
The baby was found alive in Crews and Hoehn's apartment in Fargo. Greywind's boyfriend says DNA tests confirmed he and Greywind are the girl's parents.
Greywind was eight months pregnant when she disappeared in August. Kayakers found her body wrapped in plastic in a river.
WICHITA – A Kansas man pleaded guilty Wednesday to producing child pornography, according to U.S. Attorney Tom Beall.
Brett Nolan Cico, 31, St. Francis, Kan., pleaded guilty as charged to three counts of producing child pornography and three counts of sexual exploitation of a minor while registered as a sex offender. Two of the victims were 14 years old and the other victim was 15 years old.
Sentencing is set for Sept. 11. He faces a penalty of not less than 15 years and not more than 30 years on each production count and 10 years (consecutive) on the other counts. Beall commended the Kansas Bureau of Investigation, Homeland Security Investigations and Assistant U.S. Attorney Jason Hart for their work on the case.
Kedarnath Singh, 84, died in New Delhi following prolonged illness. Photo: Hindustan Times
New Delhi: Eminent Hindi poet and Jnanpith awardee Kedarnath Singh died in New Delhi on Tuesday following prolonged illness. He was 84.
Singh, who was admitted to the India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS), died at 8:45pm, Jnanpith director, Leeladhar Mandloi said. “He was infected with pneumonia in Kolkata where he goes to visit his sister every winter. He was under treatment there for a month,” he said. Mandloi said the poet recovered after coming to Delhi, but his condition worsened later. Singh was admitted in hospitals at Saket and Moolchand, before being shifted to AIIMS, he said.
A hospital source said the poet had been admitted in AIIMS since 13 March. Singh is survived by a son and five daughters. His final rites will be held at 3pm on Wednesday.
Hailing from a village in eastern Uttar Pradesh, Kedarnath Singh was one of the most celebrated Hindi poets. A Jnanpith and Sahitya Akademi awardee, Singh was known for his simple style of writing, often inspired by objects of everyday life. Some of his best known works include the award-winning poetry collection Akaal Mein Saras, Bagh, Abhi Bilkul Abhi, Zameen Pak Rahi Hai, Yahan Se Dekho, Tolstoy Aur Cycle among many others.
Singh was also an acclaimed critic and essayist. His stories and essays include Mere Samay Ke Shabd, Kalpana Aur Chhayavad, Hindi Kavita Mein Bimb Vidhan, Kabristan Mein Panchayat.
Talking about the great literary void that Singh has left behind, Mandloi said he was among the top three poets in the Hindi literature. “He was one of those poets who was political in his own way. He kept a low profile,” he said.
Justice, police, jails, pot: The words don't appear at all in the Ontario throne speech. These are odd omissions, considering Premier Kathleen Wynne's government has made progress on law and order, from bail reform to the promise of a new Ottawa jail. And the province is providing cash to cities to deal with marijuana legalization.
It appears Wynne is ceding the crime agenda to PC leader Doug Ford, who proposed private sales of marijuana before rethinking himself.
Public safety concerns Ontarians. Voters will want to know what all parties plan.
Police said the minivan driver lost control and ploughed through a central reservation into oncoming traffic in the eastern province of Chonburi. Both vehicles burst into flames.
“Twenty-five people were killed in the road accident,” Police Lieutenant Colonel Wiroj Jamjamras at Ban Bueng provincial police station told AFP, adding two toddlers were among the dead.
“The victims were killed by fire or the impact,” he added.
Wiroj said 15 people were inside the minivan while 12 passengers were packed into the pickup truck.
Two were injured but are expected to survive, he added.
Footage broadcast on Channel 3 showed firefighters tackling the burning, twisted wreckage of the two vehicles.
Despite relatively good infrastructure, Thailand has the world's second most dangerous roads in terms of per capita deaths, according to data collected by the World Health Organization in a 2015 report.
Fatalities tend to rise in the New Year week and during Songkran, a religious festival in April, when millions of low-paid workers return to the countryside from their city jobs to see family.
Both weeks are dubbed the “Seven Deadly Days” in Thai media, with the government keeping a daily death tally during those two periods to try to encourage better road safety.
As of Sunday — the fourth day of the country's New Year holiday week — 280 people had died on Thailand's roads, a 10 percent increase on last year.
Some 43 percent of the recorded smashes involved drink-driving and 82 percent involved motorbikes.
-AFP
Gallery sheds light on disorder
Forestville resident Michael Baker and his son examine a piece of art during the opening of the “Prosopagnosia: Do I Know You?” reception at the Eddie Rhodes Gallery in the Art Building on Friday Cody Casares / The Advocate Cody Casares / The Advocate Forestville resident Michael Baker and his son examine a piece of art during the opening of the “Prosopagnosia: Do I Know You?” reception at the Eddie Rhodes Gallery in the Art Building on Friday
Filed under Showcase
Hang on for a minute...we're trying to find some more stories you might like.
Close
Email This Story
Send Email Cancel
Local artist Fred Nocella's debuted his exhibit “Prosopagnosia: Do I Know you?” on Friday with a reception at the Eddie Rhodes Gallery.
The exhibit focused on Nocella's theme of prosopagnosia, a cognitive disorder where a person is unable to recognize a person's face otherwise called “face blindness.”
This was the theme of the exhibit, Nocella's inspiration of the portraits or as the exhibit statement describes it as “Probing discomfort of the unknown.”
Art professor Dana Davis is a friend of Nocella who had invited him to showcase his work at the Eddie Rhodes Gallery.
Davis said he liked Nocella's work and asked him to bring more of it to display in the gallery.
“The work is unsettling yet very intriguing and interesting. I had shown my students as most of them having been to an art show. They were surprised but loved it, they haven't seen anything like this,” Davis said.
The art was of portrait paintings of isolated mannequins.
Each piece was a realistic and 3D-like painting of a single headpiece of a mannequin with grand detail.
Some pieces look more human than mannequin and vice versa.
The exhibit included a section of “trial and error” which were failed versions of pieces where you see each attempt improve until you get the final product.
Nocella said his inspiration is random, and it comes from the world and what interest him.
The world is constantly changing and so is my idea's and inspirations he said.
Nocella has been painting since the 1980s and went to the School of the Art Institute of Chicago for his Bachelor degree for Fine Arts.
Nocella has won awards for his works, and as a day job Nocella works as a commercial artist.
He gets projects for places such as museums and carnivals, and the projects he works on influence his personal growth as an artist, he said.
“He's an amazing artist,” Brian Baker, friend and coworker, said, “This is the first time I've seen his personal work outside of working on projects together.”
Baker has worked under Nocella on art projects.
“He has amazing brushstrokes and I love his contrast of realism and how blank the mannequins look. The art is creepy yet intriguing at the same time,” Baker said.
Multimedia artist and musician from San Francisco Brice Frillici, otherwise known as SEKDEK said, “His art makes me want to paint. It needs more blood though. Like a lot of it.”
Other guests like Steve Newell, who is a friend of Nocella said, “I like the craftsmanship. The art has good perception and looks very 3-D. At first I thought they were photos but up close you can see they're actually paintings.”
The exhibit at the Eddie Rhodes Gallery will be open Monday to Friday from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. and run until March 3rd.Local artist Fred Nocella's debuted his exhibit “Prosopagnosia: Do I Know you?” on Friday with a reception at the Eddie Rhodes Gallery.
The exhibit focused on Nocella's theme of prosopagnosia, a cognitive disorder where a person is unable to recognize a person's face otherwise called “face blindness.”
This was the theme of the exhibit, Nocella's inspiration of the portraits or as the exhibit statement describes it as “Probing discomfort of the unknown.”
Art professor Dana Davis is a friend of Nocella who had invited him to showcase his work at the Eddie Rhodes Gallery.
Davis said he liked Nocella's work and asked him to bring more of it to display in the gallery.
“The work is unsettling yet very intriguing and interesting. I had shown my students as most of them having been to an art show. They were surprised but loved it, they haven't seen anything like this,” Davis said.
The art was of portrait paintings of isolated mannequins.
Each piece was a realistic and 3D-like painting of a single headpiece of a mannequin with grand detail.
Some pieces look more human than mannequin and vice versa.
The exhibit included a section of “trial and error” which were failed versions of pieces where you see each attempt improve until you get the final product.
Nocella said his inspiration is random, and it comes from the world and what interest him.
The world is constantly changing and so is my idea's and inspirations he said.
Nocella has been painting since the 1980s and went to the School of the Art Institute of Chicago for his Bachelor degree for Fine Arts.
Nocella has won awards for his works, and as a day job Nocella works as a commercial artist.
He gets projects for places such as museums and carnivals, and the projects he works on influence his personal growth as an artist, he said.
“He's an amazing artist,” Brian Baker, friend and coworker, said, “This is the first time I've seen his personal work outside of working on projects together.”
Baker has worked under Nocella on art projects.
“He has amazing brushstrokes and I love his contrast of realism and how blank the mannequins look. The art is creepy yet intriguing at the same time,” Baker said.
Multimedia artist and musician from San Francisco Brice Frillici, otherwise known as SEKDEK said, “His art makes me want to paint. It needs more blood though. Like a lot of it.”
Other guests like Steve Newell, who is a friend of Nocella said, “I like the craftsmanship. The art has good perception and looks very 3-D. At first I thought they were photos but up close you can see they're actually paintings.”
The exhibit at the Eddie Rhodes Gallery will be open Monday to Friday from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. and run until March 3rd.
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Manchester United had a near-world record £85million offer for Thomas Muller turned down this summer.
Boss Jose Mourinho oversaw a £150million summer overhaul of his squad with Eric Bailly, Zlatan Ibrahimovic, Henrikh Mkhitaryan and Paul Pogba all arriving at OId Trafford.
But it has emerged the Red Devils also tried to lure long-term target Muller to England with a monster bid.
Bayern Munich executive vice-chairman Jan-Christian Dreesen, who is in control of the Bundesliga giants' finances, has confirmed an offer was made but that the sale of one of the club's prized assets was never considered.
(Photo: Joosep Martinson)
(Photo: 2016 Getty Images)
(Photo: Man United via Getty)
"There really was such a thing," he told Bild when quizzed on whether United ever firmed up their long-term interest.
"Then came a fax from England. For us, however, a sale of Thomas Muller was never discussed.
"If a player fits us, we would be stupid to give him a short-term prospect of a record profit and to weaken him."
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in Thomas Muller slides in on EVERYONE in Bayern Munich training Share this video Watch Next
Muller has endured a difficult season at the Allianz Arena under new boss Carlo Ancelotti which could see Mourinho revisit the situation in the summer.
However, it is understood Atletico Madrid's Antoine Griezmann remains United's No.1 target with personal terms already agreed.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bad loser Yerry Mina has accused England players of diving and claimed they got favoured treatment from the American referee.
The Barcelona defender, who forced the penalty shootout England won with a late equaliser, claimed Mark Geiger should have consulted VAR before Harry Kane put the Three Lions ahead after being pulled down by Carlos Sanchez in the area.
The Colombia players were pictured scuffing the penalty spot moments before Kane coolly stepped up to slot the 57th minute penalty home and put England ahead before Mina's 93rd-minute header which forced extra time and the dramatic penalty shootout.
The 23-year-old made no mention of what Colombia's footballers did to the penalty spot during Kane's three-minute wait to take his penalty.
But he was quick to accuse the ref of special treatment for England in post-match comments to South American media.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: PA)
(Image: AFP)
He said: “The refereeing favoured them a little. We told the ref to consult VAR on the penalty but he didn't do it.
“We knew they had been going down in the box looking for a penalty.”
He also claimed the Colombian team had been “belittled” by some of the pre-match comments that came out of the England camp, although he did not detail what exactly had upset them.
(Image: Alex Morton/Getty Images)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Admitting he was sad at the result, he added: “I am very sad because we gave everything.
“I finished exhausted and my teammates had cramp. I give thanks to this group for giving their all on the pitch.
Colombia manager, Argentinian Jose Pekerman, also questioned the ref over the Harry Kane penalty decision.
He said: “I don't know if it was really a penalty. There are too many contradictions in the current rules.
“They won but they never really made the difference against us.”
Mere days before Gen. Michael Flynn was sacked as national security advisor, FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe gathered more than a dozen of his top FBI disciples to plot how to ruin Flynn's aspiring political career and manufacture evidence to derail President Donald Trump, according to FBI sources.
McCabe, the second highest ranking FBI official, emphatically declared at the invite-only gathering with raised voice: "Fuck Flynn and then we Fuck Trump," according to direct sources. Many of his top lieutenants applauded and cheered such rhetoric. A scattered few did not.
This was one of several such meetings held in seclusion among key FBI leaders since Trump was elected president, FBI sources confirm. At the congregation where McCabe went off the political rails and vowed to destroy Flynn and Trump, there were as many as 16 top FBI officials, inside intelligence sources said. No lower-level agents or support personnel were present
Senior intelligence sources said that embattled FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe openly professed his disgust for President Donald Trump at a senior staff meeting while loosing his cool demeanor in the process.McCabe, the second in charge of the FBI, ranted at a staff meeting a week after Trump's inauguration (approx Jan 27) about the newly sworn-in president, catching many FBI agents off guard with his anti-GOP vitriol.At the meeting, when a subject came up dealing with a request of the FBI made by then-National Security Advisor Michael Flynn dealing with the National Sheriff's Association, McCabe told the packed conference room: "I hate Trump."Flynn's request for cooperation from McCabe and the FBI was likewise tabled, sources said. Flynn has since been sacked and was forced to resign largely due to the FBI's conduct.These additional troubling revelations about McCabe come a day after True Pundit exposed the deputy director as a partisan FBI agent apparently waging his own liberal-infused domestic political policy and who took part in secret meetings to derail Flynn and Trump. That
Mumbai: Bollywood actress Kriti Sanon, dressed in a nude tulle lehenga-choli lent a dreamy end to ace designer Tarun Tahiliani's show at Lakme Fashion Week (LFW) Summer/Resort 2018
"I do have a crush on her after 'Bareilly Ki Barfi'. She was in the worst of clothes in that film but her personality made it glamorous and this is what I want girls to follow.
"You have to dress, you have to wear clothes and you have to make it. I think somewhere we lost that idea (with heavy outfits)," said Tahiliani during post show conference giving example of how Kriti nailed her character in the film "Bareilly Ki Barfi"
Tahiliani brought the romance and fantasy of florals and the cosmic stars along with an ethereal flavour of his signature, layered and weightless fashion for his "Tarakini" Spring/Summer 2018 collection.
(Image Courtesy: IANS)
Black raised ramp with glass enclosures, moving light beams and surreal music transported the audience into outer space and created a starry ambience at the 6Degree Studio.
"For some time now, I have been thinking about fashion's role, especially in evening and bridal wear, and how it has failed the modern Indian bride because the clothes are so heavy, stiff, uncomfortable and never to be looked at or repeated again.
"Since our "Tarakanna" collection - meaning stardust, we set out to create clothes that let women be comfortable and really have fun while still being as glamorous as they felt inside," said the designer.
The core inspiration appeared to be the celestial universe and its constellations of stars that twinkled in a wide array of colours and glittered on the garments to enchant the audience.
Chantilly lace, Chanderi, cotton, georgette, crape and Italian tulle were enhanced with bead and Resham work, as well as the sparkle of crystals and sequins.
Detailing like lattice work, hand painting and digital textile printing added to the layers of flowing fluid shapes brought forth by celestial hues.
The collection in sheer and solid fabrics offered saris, kurtas, dresses, shirts, lehenga-skirts, jackets in shades of ivory, beige, blush, aubergine, red and midnight blue.
The blue draped skirts with cropped tops, jumpsuits, kaftans, knee-length shifts, luxurious Pheran inspired kurtas and one-shoulder sari-gowns were feminine fluid offerings.
The black collection was a dream with visions of glamorous creations with gold embellishments and gave the line unbelievable drama.
Men's wear line had pastel hues of ivory, pale beige and deep blue in luxurious fabrics. The designs included Jodhpuri jackets, kurtas, bundies, dhotis and sherwanis, some with tonal embroidery.
© Zachary Newmark / NL Times
The Netherlands was blanketed in snow over the weekend and more snow is expected this afternoon. Meteorological institute KMNI issued a code orange weather warning of extremely dangerous weather. And the Rijkswaterstaat warns people to rather work from home today if possible.A code yellow weather warning is currently in effect for the entire country. Motorists are warned to to be careful of icy and slippery roads.More snowfall is expected during the course of the day. From noon a code orange weather warning is in effect, starting in Limburg, Noord-Brabant, and Zeeland, and moving through the country until it takes effect in the northern provinces from 5:00 p.m. "Risk of slipperiness. Major risks for road users. Adjust your driving and travel behavior. Take longer travel times into account on the road and in public transport. Follow weather reports and warnings", the KMNI warns.The ANWB expects a busy morning rush hour, and an extremely busy rush hour this evening, NU.nl reports. By 6:30 a.m. on Monday there was already over 90 kilometers of traffic jams on Dutch roads. Major delays are expected, especially on the A2, the A7 and the A27. On Sunday the weather caused around 150 traffic accidents, not including minor skidding accidents, according to Rijkswaterstaat. The Dutch public works department deployed all available personnel and material to keep the roads as accessible as possible on Monday.Like Sunday, NS will run fewer trains on Monday due to the weather conditions. In most places in the Netherlands there will be a train every 30 minutes, instead of every 15 or 10 minutes.KLM canceled 122 flights, starting at 3:30 p.m. on Monday. This mostly involves flights to European destinations, a spokesperson said to NU.nl. Schiphol expects lower runway capacity due to the snow.
It's been a very traumatic few weeks for the Adams-Foster family on The Fosters.
Jesus (Noah Centineo) woke up from his medically induced coma after a fight with Nick (Louis Hunter) triggered his traumatic brain injury, but it's apparent that the family's middle son has a very long road ahead to recovery. His speech has been affected and he's bedridden until he can learn to walk again, forcing Lena (Sherri Saum) to take a leave of absence from work to take care of him. The final moments of Tuesday's episode also previewed Jesus' extreme mood swings and showed that his road to recovery is going to be littered with obstacles that no one in the family is prepared for.
TVGuide.com talked to Centineo about Jesus' journey and what it'll mean for the family and his other relationships going forward -- including adding the possibility Jesus might also be a father into the mix.
Noah Centineo and Teri Polo, The Fosters
Jesus is finally back home, but what is his journey going to be like from here?
Noah Centineo: With physical disability comes physical therapy and also cognitive therapy. You guys are going to see his family deal with Jesus and his evolution of recovery, his progress through recovery. You're also going to witness Jesus going through it. Emotion comes into play here. It's very frustrating when your mind and body aren't working in sync when you've been so accustomed to them working. They're a well-oiled machine. Then all of a sudden one day you wake up and nothing is right.
A side effect of having a [traumatic brain injury] is emotional flares. You get very emotional. It's like resetting your emotional clock to a much younger age. You're prone to tantrums or frustrations or crying or outbreaks of rage or even bi-polar. You can switch on a dime through your emotions. Jesus goes through a lot in this process of trying to recover and his family goes through it with them, watching one of their family members go through such an arduous, difficult experience. There's a lot of stuff to come for sure.
The Fosters Mega Buzz: How will Jesus' brain injury affect him?
We see one of those tantrums at the end of the episode. It sort of foreshadows a darker Jesus than we've seen before. How are these tantrums going to affect his family and his relationships?
Centineo: It's a lot of strain on the relationships. You have someone who is emotionally unstable. It's a huge test of how much your family members are willing to withstand and take before they snap at you, or they break, or they can't handle you. They could walk away and leave you to handle yourself. It really tests the bond between family members.
What's so difficult about this in particular is that it's not really Jesus' fault. Sure, he got into the fight but he didn't know that what he was doing was going to cause him to get a [traumatic brain injury]. It's not like he's emotionally unstable just because he's a brat. He's emotionally unstable because his brain is just not working correctly. It's going to be a very growing experience for [the family] to learn to deal and cope and have that much understanding and acceptance for someone. It'll test the bond through that of how close they are as a family. In the long run, if they make it out, it could be a very positive thing.
Speaking of fault though, does he hold any hostility towards Mariana considering she's the reason he got into the fight in the first place?
Centineo: He has hostility towards quite a few people this season for rational and irrational reasons. I don't really think that the relationship between Mariana and Jesus gets tested too much. Surprisingly, there's another plotline that comes in down the road and that puts a huge amount of stress [on them]. There are multiple plotlines coming at you guys that will put a lot of stress on the relationship with Mariana and other members of the family that are different from each other but having to do with the same thing.
The Fosters: Callie's hit and run could ruin her entire life
Something else pretty stressful is this possibility of Emma being pregnant. Is she going to struggle to tell Jesus what's going on considering the emotional state that he's in?
Centineo: She has decisions to make. She's not certain either, at this point. All I can say is that if she is pregnant, she's got a massive decision to make. If she isn't pregnant, she should still 100 percent be telling someone. The fact that Jesus has a traumatic brain injury kind of really messes with that situation. It's such a massive, massive thing to come across a teen pregnancy and be directly involved with something like that. You'll have to see.
What has been the hardest part for you in tackling Jesus and this traumatic brain injury?
Centineo: Research and development, learning what it really is to have to go through such a struggle. That was probably the hardest part. I really, thoroughly enjoyed doing the research on this. Everyone needs a voice and it's an honor to be able to play that voice for somebody who has gone through having a [traumatic brain injury] and for someone who is still going through it.
5 couples who need to break up this Valentine's Day
It's obvious this is not going to be a short road back for Jesus. Will he ever make a full recovery back to the character we knew before?
Centineo: It's case by case, to be completely honest. Some people make full recoveries and some never do. It's yet to be seen, so we wait and we find out.
The Fosters continues Tuesdays at 8/7c on Freeform.
Wrestler Rich Swann is being held without bail in a Florida jail after he was arrested and charged with battery and false imprisonment.
Swann, who is 26 and a former WWE cruiserweight champion, was arrested Saturday.
WWE released a statement about Swann on Sunday.
“WWE has zero tolerance for matters involving domestic violence, and per our policy, Rich Swann has been suspended indefinitely following his arrest,” it said.
According to Gainesville Police, Swann was arguing with his wife, who is also a wrestler. His wife — whose name is Vannarah Riggs but goes by Su Yung — had wrestled earlier in the evening in the northwest Florida city. The couple lives in Orlando.
A police report said Swann “critiqued” her performance and the pair began arguing.
A witness told police that Riggs jumped out of Swann's slowly moving car.
The report says the witness also saw Swann put Riggs in a headlock and dragged her back to his vehicle.
Riggs “screamed for help as (Swann) put her back in the car,” the officer wrote in the report.
The car drove off and a witness saw Riggs exit the vehicle a second time. Riggs told officers that “she was afraid of (Swann) because he has a temper sometimes.” She added that she was trying to get away from him so the argument wouldn't escalate into physical violence.
Swann told officers that he didn't touch his wife and that she got into the car on her own.
Swann will appear in court Monday. No attorney is listed in county records.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
If you have lots of digital photographs sitting on your hard drive, then you'll want the best photo printer you can find to print those photographs out and do your photography justice.
Digital cameras have made photography - either for professional or personal use - far more convenient, as you can review your photos instantly, and if you buy a photo printer, then you can quickly and easily produce physical photographs to display in frames, photo books or to give as gifts.
There's a huge range of photo printers to choose from, from quick and easy budget photo printers, to portable devices and professional-level photo printers. The good news is that means no matter what you're after, you should be able to find a photo printer that best suits your needs.
However all that choice can make finding the best photo printer for your needs a daunting task. That's where we come in, as we've put together this list of the best photo printers in 2017 to help you find the best device for the best price.
1. Canon Pixma Pro-100S
The best all-round photo printer
Print speed: 34 seconds | Print resolution: 4800 x 2400 dpi | Paper capacity: 150 sheets | Dimensions: 689 x 385 x 215 mm | Weight: 19.7kg
Excellent colour and mono prints
Relatively fast
Comparatively high cost of ink
Dye-based inks less resilient
The Canon Pixma Pro-100S is, in our view, the best photo printer you can buy today. Print quality is stunning - which is perhaps the most important aspect of a photo printer, with an 8-ink dye system that produces gallery-quality prints. It can also handle print sizes of A3 and over, and it's pretty fast as well, able to print a 4 x 6-inch photo in just 34 seconds. If you take a lot of photos on your smartphone or tablet, then the wireless printing feature will be a great help as well. If you want the very best photo printer for a reasonable price, this is the one we recommend.
2. Epson PictureMate PM-400
The easiest printer to use. Ever.
Print speed: 36 seconds for 4 x 6-inch borderless photo | Print resolution: 5,760 x 1,440 | Paper capacity: 50 sheets | Dimensions: 249 x 384 x 200mm (Width x Depth x Height) | Weight: 1.81kg
Build quality
Lightweight
Slow print speed
Pricey
Once you've got the PM-400 up and running, you'll have a ton of fun running off image after image. Although the print quality won't win any awards for print quality, you'll be proud to hang any of its prints on your wall or sit them on your desk.
The PM-400 is a delight to look at – not that this should heavily factor into which printer you should buy. It's got a pretty bone white frame that tucks away neatly, and the 4-pound printer can be easily transported wherever you go.
Read the full review: Epson PictureMate PM-400
3. Epson SureColor SC-P800
One of the best photo printers for professionals
Print speed: 3 pages a minute | Print resolution: 2,880 x 1,440 | Paper capacity: 120 sheets | Dimensions: 684‎ x 376 x 250 mm (Width x Depth x Height) | Weight: 19.5kg
Large print sizes
LCD screen
Expensive
Can be difficult to use for beginners
If you need a professional photo printer that makes no compromises when it comes to print quality - and which can handle large print sizes for displays and galleries - then the Epson SureColor SC-P800 is definitely worth considering. Sure, it's expensive, but it offers a wide range of features, professional color calibration and even tools for fine artists. This is not a photo printer for beginners wanting to print out a few holiday snaps, but if you work with photos for your profession, this is the best photo printer for you.
4. HP Sprocket Photo Printer
A quick and easy portable photo printer
Print speed: 40 seconds | Print resolution: 313 x 400 | Paper capacity: 10 sheets | Dimensions: 75 x 116 x 23 mm (Width x Depth x Height) | Weight: 0.17kg
Easy to use
No need for ink
Print quality isn't the best
Expensive media
This small, hand-sized, photo printer isn't for printing out professional-quality photos, but is a quick, easy and fun way to instantly print out your digital snaps - essentially turning any digital camera into a Polaroid-esque instant printer. It doesn't use ink, so you don't have to worry about buying replacement cartridges - instead it uses heat to transform a pre-dyed sheet of paper into your photos. It runs on batteries and has a stylish design as well.
5. Canon Pixma TS8050
High quality, all-in-one printer
Print speed: 15 ppm black, 10 ppm colour | Print resolution: 9,600 x 2,400 | Paper capacity: 100 sheets | Dimensions: 372 x 324 x 139mm (Width x Depth x Height) | Weight: 6.5kg
Compact
Great print quality
Cost
Expensive to run
Great for the traveling professional or someone who needs a small printer for occasional use, printing photos or using the scanner function. It's a bit pricey to buy - and to run - but the flexibility and quality of the printouts is excellent, making this a worthy choice when looking for the best photo printer for your needs.
6. Canon PIXMA TS9150
Amazing print quality - for a price
Print speed: ISO 15ppm black, 10ppm colour | Print resolution: 4,800 x 1,200 | Paper capacity: 120 sheets | Dimensions: 372 x 324 x 140 mm (Width x Depth x Height) | Weight: 6.7g
Great print quality
Lovely design
Expensive
Slow to print
If you're looking for a great all-round printer which doesn't skimp on print quality for your photographs, then we don't think you will be disappointed by what the PIXMA TS9150, Canon's flagship printer, has to offer.
While it's certainly more expensive than some of the cheap two in one printer you can pick up, it's not a bad price for something which produces high quality prints, especially if you only need to print at A4 or below.
Best of all, the print quality here is stunning, and it also has an attractive design. While the looks of your printer may not seem that important, it does mean you don't feel the need to try and hide it away out of sight if you're using it at home.
7. HP Envy 5540 All-in-One printer
A cheap and cheerful colour inkjet for low volume printing
Print speed: ISO 12ppm black, 8ppm colour | Print resolution: 4,800 x 1,200 | Paper capacity: 125 sheets | Dimensions: 454 x 503 x 156mm (Width x Depth x Height) | Weight: 6.82kg
Smartphone support
Easy to install
A bit slow
Expensive for mono printing
We've come to expect simple setup and operation from Envy printers, and this one is no exception. It's quiet, packs in a lot of features and delivers excellent print quality, especially on photo paper. We particularly like the ability to use smartphones as well as computers, and to connect wirelessly without a router. This makes it a versatile photo printer that's not too flashy, but does the job well.
A finance ministry data showed that a total of 2,514 accidental insurance claims were filed under the Jan Dhan Yojana, which provides accidental cover of Rs1 lakh. Photo: Reuters
New Delhi: As many as 1,767 claims were settled toward accidental insurance to RuPay cardholders under the government's flagship financial inclusion programme Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana (PMJDY).
A finance ministry data showed that a total of 2,514 accidental insurance claims were filed under the PMJDY, which provides accidental cover of Rs1 lakh. The scheme was launched in August 2014.
Of the total claims, 1,767 were paid as on August 4 this year, 167 were under process, while 544 claims were rejected. According to the data, payment in case of 36 claims, which have been processed, was awaited. The PMJDY also provides for life cover of Rs30,000 payable to the account holder.
Under this category, 4,165 claims were paid till 4 August. The data further said 577 claims were rejected and while 10 were being processed. Prime Minister Narendra Modi had announced the financial inclusion scheme on 15 August, 2014.
The PMJDY was launched on 28 August across the country. There are about 29.48 crore account holders under the scheme of which about 22.7 crore have been issued RuPay cards.
Opportunistic thieves have been targeting cars which have been abandoned in the snow and smashing the windows to search for valuables.
Overnight, between Saturday, December 9 and Sunday, December 10 three cars have been targeted on Ringinglow Road in Hathersage. All of them have had the front offside window smashed.
Three vehicles have been targeted already
A spokesman for the Derbyshire Rural Crime Team said: “Please can we also take this opportunity to urge motorists to only make journeys in the severe weather conditions when absolutely necessary.
“If you have no choice but to abandon your vehicle, please ensure it is emptied of all valuables, alarms are set and recovery is arranged at the earliest opportunity.”
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jose Mourinho is already plotting how to catch Manchester City next season — after taking his lead from Man United predecessor Sir Alex Ferguson.
Ferguson admitted Mourinho's Chelsea forced his Red Devils to up their game when the Special One led the Londoners to consecutive Premier League titles in 2005 and 2006.
Now, Mourinho finds himself in a similar position with Pep Guardiola's City, conceding United will have to step up a significant level next season if they are to bridge a gap that stands at 15 points with 13 games to go.
(Image: AMA/WBA FC via Getty)
“I always remember Sir Alex said in 2005-06, when we won the second title with Chelsea, that we [United] need to improve a lot because they've raised the bar to such a level,” said Mourinho, whose United side host struggling Huddersfield on Saturday.
“They [Chelsea] won two titles in a row - the second title was easier than the first - and then the biggest manager in the Premier League said United needed to improve a lot.
(Image: Daily Mirror)
“That was the click for the improvement of the team. In 2006-07, United won the title back.
“It has to be like that.
“That's why every match until the end of the season is an important match for us. It's not just about the points and finishing in the top four, which is important.
“We must try to finish second, try to play the best we can and improve the players individually the best we can and be the best possible team at the end of the season.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“Then we must try to start next season in a good way, like we did this season, but try to be consistent and not to lose points like we did in some matches where we shouldn't.”
Mourinho admitted United's £89million record signing Paul Pogba, who he subbed after just 63 minutes in Wednesday's 2-0 defeat to Tottenham, is far from the finished article.
Pogba's lack of defensive discipline was seen by many as a reason why United capitulated so easily at Wembley, with Mourinho acknowledging his scope for improvement.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
“He's a young player, below 25, so of course he has some things to improve,” the 55-year-old said of the France international midfielder.
“But it's not just Paul, it's every player. Every player has a chance to improve until the end of his career, especially the ones below 26, 27. They always have areas to improve.”
The United boss also revealed he has bluntly advised Marouane Fellaini, set to be out of contract at the end of the season, to sign the new deal he's been offered to continue at Old Trafford.
(Image: AFP/Getty)
(Image: PA Wire)
The 30-year-old Belgian midfielder is facing up to two months out with a fresh knee injury and Mourinho revealed:
“I told him yesterday: 'Sign the contract and shut up. Don't gamble too much. Sign the contract before you know the extent of the injury.'"
APSU Baseball (16-18, 11-7 Ohio Valley Conference) picked up their only win in a three game series at Eastern Kentucky (21-15, 7-8 OVC) on Saturday, April 15.
The Govs fell by scores of 5-4 and 7-6 before picking up their only win 14-10 over the Colonels. EKU drew first blood in the bottom of the second when a Brenden Overton double scored Shea Sullivan. Taylor Blair scored one batter later to double the lead and put EKU ahead 2-0.
APSU did not stay behind for along. Imani Willis and Garrett Giovannelli started the inning with a pair of base hits followed by a 3-run blast off the bat of Malcolm Tipler. Two batters later, Alex Robles hit a home run over the left field wall to put the Govs ahead 4-2.
APSU continued to score in the fourth as the Govs loaded the bases off of three consecutive walks, and Max Remy reached home on a wild pitch. Tipler added two more RBIs to his day with a single up the middle to score Giovannelli and Willis. Tipler would get thrown out trying to stretch a steal for third base to home.
EKU cut down on the lead with a solo home run from Overton, making it 7-3 Govs.
The Govs loaded the bases to start the fifth, but Remy grounded out into a double play that scored Robles. EKU proceeded to walk the next two batters to reload the bases, then walks two more batters to extend APSU's lead 10-3.
APSU finished their scoring in the sixth inning by adding 4 more runs. Casey Bredlau singled up the right field line to score Robles. Parker Phillips scored from a Remy hit up the middle. Willis then closed out scoring for the Govs on a 2-run blast to left field, putting APSU ahead 14-3.
The Colonels tried to start a rally in the eighth and ninth innings, but fell short, losing 14-10.
Tipler led APSU in the game offensively with six RBIs and two hits through five at bats.
On the mound, the win went to Jacques Pucheu, while Zach Neff picked up his third save of the season. Pucheu went through five innings allowing five hits and 3 runs while recording four strikeouts.
Michael Costanzo then took over for the Govs, completing three innings and allowing 4 runs on four hits. Ricky Heagarty had a short outing facing only five batters and allowing three hits before Neff was called in. Neff faced one batter for the Govs, forcing Ryland Kerr to fly out to right field giving APSU the win.
The Govs are set to play at 5 p.m. Wednesday, April 19 at Western Kentucky.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Netflix's popular royal drama The Crown has finally returned to our screens, as Claire Foy once again wows in her portrayal of the Queen alongside Matt Smith who plays Prince Philip.
And while there's plenty of drama and action to keep fans glued to the screens, it's not just the acting that's captured viewers' attention.
The series boasts some very beautiful backdrops from the opulent palace interiors, picturesque gardens and even glimpses of London's historical landmarks - and you can visit all of them.
In fact, The Crown isn't actually filmed in Buckingham Palace (the real Queen still resides there after all), but across a host of lavish manor houses and quintessentially British estates.
Whether you're after a staycation break or a day out, they're definitely worth adding to the bucket list.
We take a look at The Crown filming locations and how you can visit them...
1. Lancaster House
Although the majority of the series is set in Buckingham Palace, the cast and crew don't actually film at the Queen's iconic home.
Instead, they head further down London's Pall Mall to Lancaster House, which serves as a stand in; a fitting alternative thanks to its lavish interiors and grandiose state rooms.
The former home of nobility, nowadays the house is run by the The Foreign & Commonwealth Office who host events at the stylish venue.
Lancaster house isn't usually open to the public, but you can check it out during the annual ' Open House London ' event for free.
Where to stay: If you do want to catch a glimpse of Lancaster House, before heading to visit Buckingham Palace itself, then a hotel near Pall Mall would be ideal - check out these 6 budget-friendly options from Booking.com .
2. Ely Cathedral
(Image: iStockphoto)
While the Queen and Prince Philip tied the knot at Westminster Abbey, the crew weren't able to film inside the iconic church - so they recreated the wedding at Ely Cathedral in Cambridgeshire instead.
It's no surprise that the cathedral caught the production team's eye. Built as an abbey church, the present building dates back to 1803 and boasts seriously spectacular architecture, not to mention the jaw-dropping interiors.
Adult tickets start from £8, while children under 16 go free.
Where to stay: TripAdvisor has searched out the 10 hotels closest to Ely Cathedral , but if you're after budget stays then Lastminute.com has a selection of hotels in Cambridge from £39 a night .
3. Eltham Palace
(Image: Universal Images Group Editorial)
Tucked away in South London, the stylish Eltham Palace boasts an Art Deco theme and was used for several scenes in Season 1, episode 8 of The Crown.
In fact, it provided the backdrop for travel-themed locations including Bermuda Government House, the HMSS Queen Mary, and the Queen's Quarters of the Royal Yacht.
Fans may also recognise the iconic Entrance Hall, where the Queen meets fashion designer Norman Hartnell in the series.
Adult tickets from £14.40, child tickets from £8.60 - you can see the full list of prices here . If you have an English Heritage membership , admission is free.
Where to stay: Premier Inn's London Eltham hotel has rooms starting from £35.50 a night, but you can also find a wealth of budget-friendly stays with Hotels.com on their Eltham page .
4. Greenwich Naval College
(Image: Axiom RM)
A World Heritage site in the heart of London's picturesque Greenwich district, the Old Royal Naval College sits riverside and served as the stand in for the Buckingham Palace courtyard.
In fact, a specially-built portico was attached to the building to add to its resemblance to the palace.
When it's not being used for filming, the college continues to draw in crowds of tourists looking to discover its beautiful features from the Painted Hall to the neo-classical Chapel.
A must if you're visiting Greenwich - it's just a short walk to the iconic Greenwich market too.
It's free to go an explore the college and its historic grounds (open daily), but some tours can incur an extra fee. Find out more on its website here .
Where to stay: Travelodge's London Greenwich hotel is about a five-minute walk to the centre where you'll find the Old Naval College. Meanwhile, you can also find ApartHotels and B&Bs on Trivago .
5. Waddesdon Manor
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
This striking Grade I Neo-Renaissance château sits in picturesque Buckinghamshire not only has a grandiose exterior, but has swanky interiors that have made it a firm favourite with filming crews for a host of shows including Downton Abbey and even Bargain Hunt.
Built between 1874 and 1889 for Baron Ferdinand de Rothschild as a weekend residence in the style of a French château for entertaining, today it hosts plenty of visitors looking to explore the breathtaking grounds and gardens.
Adult tickets from £10, child tickets from £5. Family tickets available from £25. Click here for more information .
Where to stay: Waddesdon Manor is close to Aylesbury in Buckinghamshire - you can find some of the town's best hotels on TripAdvisor here , with prices starting from £49 a night.
6. Wilton House
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
This beautiful estate dates back to the 16th century, and is seeped in British history and culture - it's even been the home of the Earls of Pembroke for centuries.
Tucked away in the beautiful countryside in Wiltshire, Wilton House continues to be used for scenes set in Buckingham Palace, thanks to its opulent interiors and picture-perfect grounds.
Where to stay: Wilton House is a short distance from Salisbury, where you're more likely to find a wider range of hotels to suit any budget. Visit Wiltshire is a good source for finding the best of the area's luxury hotels, B&Bs and even a riverside hotel or two.
7. Woodchester Mansion
(Image: Tim Graham Photo Library)
Woodchester Mansion was turned into the grounds of Scottish school Gordonstoun for the scenes of Prince Charles' time at the school, reports Gloucester Live .
The 19th century house makes for an impressive location with its pristine grounds, not to mention the building itself towers over the landscape.
Where to stay: For those on a budget, Travelodge Stonehouse is fairly close to the impressive grounds.
8. Ardverikie Estate
This Scottish estate was used to represent the Queen's residence of Balmoral, thanks to its sweeping views of the countryside, not to mention features including the picturesque woodlands and meandering streams that can be spotted in the royal picnic scene with The Queen Mother.
Where to stay: There are self-catering cottages on the estate including the picturesque Gatelodge with its turrets and spiral staircase.
Millions of Brits face treacherous journeys into work today after yesterday's 'snow bomb' which plunged the UK's roads, railways and airports into chaos.
Schools across the UK have been shut as yesterday's snow turns to ice leading to warnings of 'Black Monday' ahead of predictions for fresh travel mayhem.
Dozens of flights have been cancelled at Heathrow Airport and passengers travelling to Britain on the Eurotunnel face a five-hour delay in Calais.
Forecasters tipped temperatures to plummet to -12C in some areas of the country tonight, which will be colder than Russia, which will lead to widespread frost tomorrow.
Highways England advised drivers across London, the Midlands and the North to check local forecasts before heading out while thousands of homes have been left without power.
Read below for the latest updates.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Cynthia Nixon, one of the stars of the hit television series "Sex and the City," announced on Monday she would run for governor of New York.
The actress, who played steely lawyer Miranda Hobbes in the hit series ended months of speculation declaring on Twitter: "I love New York, and today I'm announcing my candidacy for governor."
Ms Nixon, 51, faces a tough six-month battle in the Democratic primary against the two-term incumbent, Andrew Cuomo, whose father Mario was a three-term governor before him.
Her campaign sets up a battle for the September 13 primary between a celebrity on the left of the Democratic Party and a moderate governor who is often mentioned as a possible presidential hopeful in 2020.
(Image: Andrew Cowie / Barcroft Media)
If successful in both the primary and general elections, Nixon, who played no-nonsense lawyer Miranda in the long-running TV show, would become New York's first female and first openly gay governor.
A statement by Nixon's campaign called her a progressive alternative to Cuomo, referring to the governor as a centrist whose aides were mired in legal trouble.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
It also made note of the state's role in operating New York City's antiquated and much maligned subway system.
An accompanying video, which shows Nixon at home with her wife, Christine Marinoni, and their young son Max, also
addresses income inequality.
"Our leaders are letting us down," Nixon says in the video.
"We are the most unequal state in the entire country, with both incredible wealth and extreme poverty."
Nixon is aligned with New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio, a Democrat who is politically to the left of Cuomo. The two men have feuded over issues such as public transit and housing in the nation's largest city.
(Image: Channel 4)
Nixon starred in the HBO television series from 1998 to 2004 about four women in New York City, playing the part of attorney
Miranda Hobbes.
The show later led to two feature films.
She is also a Tony Award-winning stage actress.
New Delhi: Reliance Industries Ltd on Friday said it has sold one of its three shale gas assets in the US for USD 126 million, offloading stake in Marcellus, operated by Carrizo.
RIL held stakes in three US shale gas ventures - 45 percent with Pioneer Natural Resources in the Eagle Ford shale play; 40 percent with Chevron and 60 percent with Carrizo Oil & Gas in the Marcellus Shale play.
Reliance Marcellus II, LLC, a subsidiary of Reliance Holding USA, Inc and RIL, signed agreements to "divest all of its interest in certain upstream assets in north-eastern and central Pennsylvania", the company said in a statement.
The assets, which are currently operated by Carrizo Oil & Gas, Inc, were sold to BKV Chelsea, LLC, an affiliate of Kalnin Ventures LLC, for USD 126 million, subject to customary closing terms and conditions.
Additionally, Reliance could receive contingent payments of up to USD 11.25 million in aggregate based on natural gas prices exceeding certain thresholds over the next three years.
The assets produce mainly gas and are located in Susquehanna, Wyoming and Clearfield Counties of Pennsylvania.
Walter Van de Vijver, President and CEO of Reliance Holding USA, Inc, said: "This transaction represents an opportunistic sale of developed upstream Marcellus assets and ends a successful partnership of 7 years with Carrizo in a joint sale."
RIL said it will continue to manage the remainder of its US shale resources.
"Reliance remains invested in the Marcellus shale play via its non-operated position with Chevron in southwestern Pennsylvania and in the Eagle Ford play via its non-operated position with Pioneer in Texas," the statement said.
The transaction is anticipated to close by the end of the third quarter of 2017-18, with an April 1, 2017 effective date.
Citigroup Global Markets, Inc acted as financial advisor to Reliance, Haynes and Boone served as its legal counsel.
It's the second day of 2017 and it's generally perceived that the remnants of gluttony prevent us from wanting to partake in any food or booze related activities. With the combination of hangovers and resolutions, most people are finding a reason to avoid decadence of any kind. Those survivors who remain undeterred can find solace in knowing there are still a variety of boozy happenings this week that will make landing in 2017 a bit more palatable. From several exciting releases to multiple appearances by a tequila maestro, these events will set you off to a good start.
Monday, January 2
Cider Release
When: Monday, January 2, 4 – 10 p.m.
Where: Stem Ciders, 2811 Walnut St. #150, Denver.
Cost: Free
The Lowdown: Opened in January 2014, this young urban cidery uses quality ingredients and traditional methods. A collaboration with Novo Coffe, batch #3 is made with Tano Batak coffee from Lake Toba, Sumatra and has nuances of herbal tobacco and a full earthy body. Available on tap and in four-packs, the taproom is the only place the release will be available.
Tuesday, January 3
Hang Time With Guillermo Erickson Sauza
When: Tuesday, January 3, 6 – 9 p.m.
Where: Rino Yacht Club, 3350 Brighton Blvd., Denver.
Cost: Free
The Lowdown: Fifth generation master distiller Guillermo Erickson Sauza of Fortaleza Tequila will be entertaining guests. Yacht Club bartenders will be serving a number of specialty cocktails, there will be complementary bites and a tasting through the whole Fortaleza lineup.
Wednesday, January 4
Tequila Fortaleza 5-Course Dinner Pairing
When: Wednesday, January 4, 6:30 – 11 p.m.
Where: Adelita's Cocina y Cantina, 294 South Broadway, Denver.
Cost: $55
The Lowdown: Guillermo Erickson Sauza is back for his second event of the week at Adelita's. The locale will bring its customary flair to traditional Mexican cuisine with a welcome cocktail, four savory courses and a dessert — all paired with Fortaleza's bold tequila. Reservations are required and can be made at 303-778-1294.
Thursday, January 5
Flight Night
When: Thursday, January 5
Where: Laws Whiskey House, 1420 South Acoma St., Denver.
Cost: $10 for three half-ounce pours
The Lowdown: Every Thursday, Law's Whiskey House pours a rotating selection of its fine hand-crafted spirits. Bourbons, ryes and even a whiskey made from wild barley grass are all on display at this young distillery. Committed to making the best whiskey from local ingredients, Laws is not one to miss.
Friday, January 6
Zephyr Brewing Comedy Show
When: Friday, January 6, 8 – 10 p.m.
Where: Zephyr Brewing, 1421 26th St., Denver.
Cost: Free
The Lowdown: Local comedians Jacob Rupp, Caitie Hannan, David Rodriguez, Ian Douglas Terry, and the notorious Hippieman return to grace the stage at RiNo's Zephyr Brewing. Billed as a best-of showcase, the evening's humor will be handled by staff and audience favorites from the last year.
Saturday, January 7
La Loma Celebrates Stock Show with Special Meal
When: January 7-22, 5 p.m. – close.
Where: La Loma, 1801 Broadway, Denver.
Cost:
The Lowdown: Located only three miles from the National Western Complex, La Loma continues their annual tradition of bringing a special meal for those hungry after the Stock Show. The menu includes buffalo fajitas served with onions on a sizzling skillet with fried serranos, house-made flour tortillas, guacamole, sour cream, pico de gallo, limes and lettuce. Reservations can be made at 303-433-8300.
Sunday, January 8
Velvet Elvis Release
When: Sunday, January 8
Where: CHUBurger, 1225 Ken Pratt Blvd., Longmont.
Cost: Free
The Lowdown: CHUBurger is Oskar Blues Brewery's foray into the world of patties of all varieties. To celebrate the birthday of the one-and-only Elvis Presley, the Longmont restaurant will be releasing its latest chocolate oatmeal stout, Velvet Elvis. Free beers will be awarded to all impersonators of The King — amateur or otherwise — and for answering trivia questions.
Mark Your Calendars…
Olio Nuovo Dinner
When: Monday, January 9
Where: Frasca Food and Wine, 1738 Pearl St., Boulder.
Cost: $130
Uniqlo Denver x Tastemade Free Lunch Thursday
When: Thursday, January 12, 12 – 2 p.m.
Where: 500 16th St. Space 110, Denver.
Cost: Free!
Cupcakes + Beer Flights
When: Saturday, January 14, 1 – 4 p.m.
Where: Ratio Beerworks, 2920 Larimer St., Denver.
Cost: $16
Massive landslides, similar to those found on Earth, are occurring on the asteroid Ceres. That's according to a new study led by the Georgia Institute of Technology, adding to the growing evidence that Ceres retains a significant amount of water ice.
The study is published in the journal Nature Geoscience. It used data from NASA's Dawn spacecraft to identify three different types of landslides, or flow features, on the Texas-sized asteroid.
Type I are relatively round, large and have thick "toes" at their ends. They look similar to rock glaciers and icy landslides in Earth's arctic. Type I landslides are mostly found at high latitudes, which is also where the most ice is thought to reside near Ceres' surface.
Type II features are the most common of Ceres' landslides and look similar to deposits left by avalanches on Earth. They are thinner and longer than Type I and found at mid-latitudes. The authors affectionately call one such Type II landslide "Bart" because of its resemblance to the elongated head of Bart Simpson from TV's "The Simpsons."
Ceres' Type III features appear to form when some of the ice is melted during impact events. These landslides at low latitudes are always found coming from large-impact craters.
Georgia Tech Assistant Professor and Dawn Science Team Associate Britney Schmidt led the study. She believes it provides more proof that the asteroid's shallow subsurface is a mixture of rock and ice.
"Landslides cover more area in the poles than at the equator, but most surface processes generally don't care about latitude," said Schmidt, a faculty member in the School of Earth and Atmospheric Sciences. "That's one reason why we think it's ice affecting the flow processes. There's no other good way to explain why the poles have huge, thick landslides; mid-latitudes have a mixture of sheeted and thick landslides; and low latitudes have just a few."
The study's researchers were surprised at just how many landslides Ceres has in general. About 20 percent to 30 percent of craters greater than 6 miles (10 kilometers) wide have some type of landslide associated with them. Such widespread features formed by "ground ice" processes, made possible because of a mixture of rock and ice, have only been observed before on Earth and Mars.
Based on the shape and distribution of landslides on Ceres, the authors estimate that the upper layers of Ceres may range from 10 percent to 50 percent ice by volume.
"These landslides offer us the opportunity to understand what's happening in the upper few kilometers of Ceres," said Georgia Tech Ph.D. student Heather Chilton, a co-author on the paper. "That's a sweet spot between information about the upper meter or so provided by the GRaND (Gamma Ray and Neutron Detector (GRaND) and VIR (Visible and Infrared Spectrometer) instrument data, and the tens of kilometers-deep structure elucidated by crater studies."
"It's just kind of fun that we see features on this small planet that remind us of those on the big planets, like Earth and Mars," Schmidt said. "It seems more and more that Ceres is our innermost icy world."
###
Vice President Mike Pence wasn't told about the Justice Department's warning about now former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn until Feb. 9, a full two weeks after White House officials were notified, an aide to Pence told The Washington Post Tuesday.
President Trump and the White House were warned weeks ago that Flynn's conversation with a Russian ambassador about U.S. sanctions could make him susceptible to blackmail, but it wasn't until Thursday — just days before Flynn's resignation late Monday — that Pence was filled in. "What I would tell you is that the vice president became aware of incomplete information that he had received on Feb. 9, last Thursday night, based on media accounts," Pence spokesman Marc Lotter said. "He did an inquiry based on those media accounts."
NBC News editor Bradd Jaffy noted that this was right around the time that the The Washington Post reported Flynn had discussed the sanctions imposed on Russia. Flynn had previously denied to Pence and other officials that he'd spoken about the sanctions, only to later admit that he had. The decision to leave Pence in the dark about the Justice Department's warning is particularly notable because of the public role Pence played in the Flynn debacle, NBC News reporter Hallie Jackson pointed out. "Why was the vice president — who frankly was the sort of public face of this, right, going on television, defending Mike Flynn very publicly — why wasn't he informed 11 days prior when President Trump knew?" Jackson asked in a televised conversation Tuesday.
In his resignation letter, Flynn said he had inadvertently briefed Pence with "incomplete information" and has since apologized.
This post is on a developing story, and has been updated throughout. Becca Stanek
Related Coverage Debate over legalized recreational marijuana
(ABC News) – We all know that driving while altered is dangerous.
The CDC says that motor vehicle accidents are the leading cause of death and injury among teens and young adults, especially when you factor in alcohol, marijuana and illicit drugs like ecstasy and cocaine.
After a night of partying, kids may know they shouldn't drive.
But, do they get in the car when the driver is under the influence?
Researchers at Colorado State University looked at surveys of teens across the U.S. as they transitioned from high school into adulthood.
Related Content: Debate over legalized recreational marijuana
They asked, “How many times in the past 12 months did you ride with someone who had been drinking alcohol, smoking marijuana or using illicit drugs?”
A shocking one in three of the 2,000 in the survey reported reported riding in a car with an impaired driver in the past year.
They weren't only getting in the car with their peers under the influence of alcohol or marijuana, but also with older adults under the influence.
That decision to ride with an impaired driver increased for people that binge drank alcohol or smoked marijuana.
Also, people enrolled in community college, or not in college at all, were more likely to ride compared to their university counterparts.
In addition, those living alone or on campus rode with impaired drivers more than those living with mom and dad.
If you know not to drink and drive, you can learn not to drink and ride. Take a cab instead.
This cover image released by New West Records shows "Things Change," a new release by American Aquarium. (New West Records via AP)
This cover image released by New West Records shows "Things Change," a new release by American Aquarium. (New West Records via AP)
American Aquarium, "Things Change" (New West)
American Aquarium is a most appropriate name for the band that made "Things Change," because frontman BJ Barham presents his life for all to see.
Earnest and intense, the North Carolina native sings about marriage, parenthood and divorcing his former band. He quotes his wife, his father and Tom Petty. He delves into his drinking, his politics and his passion for writing songs and righting wrongs.
The humor Barham shows in concert is mostly absent. But he's likable and literate, delivering heavily autobiographical heartland rock with heart on sleeve.
Best is the anthemic opener, "The World Is On Fire," which recounts the reaction in the Barham household to the 2016 presidential election. Weepy pedal steel reflects the mood before Barham sings, "We must go boldly into the darkness and be the light."
There's empathy for those who voted the other way, too. On "Tough Folks" Barham sings, "I saw firsthand what desperation makes good people do."
The album's supporting cast - including producer John Fullbright - is fully invested in helping Barham explore his inner Springsteen, before power chords give way to twang down the stretch. On the closing "'Til the Final Curtain Falls," a lovely, gospel-tinged ballad of devotion, Barham sounds more relaxed but still fully committed, even as he leads the band out in a spacey coda.
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jack Wilshere believes Olivier Giroud's lack of match starts for Arsenal highlights the club's strength in depth.
The Gunners striker has yet to make a start in the Premier League this season, with his game time largely being limited to the Europa League.
But the Frenchman made a crucial impact on Sunday when he came off the bench to net an 88th minute equaliser against Southampton.
Giroud nearly left the club in the summer following the arrival of club record singing Alexandre Lacazette, but decided to stay and fight for his place.
(Image: AFP)
(Image: Stuart MacFarlane/Arsenal FC via Getty Images)
The 31-year-old's goal against the Saints set a new Premier League record with no player having scored more goals from the bench for a single team than Giroud.
Speaking to Arsenal.com , Wilshere said: "I think it shows the depth in our squad. For me, Oli is one of the best strikers in the Premier League when he's on it and he's on the bench, so it shows what we've got.
"There are a lot of games in December, so I'm sure he's going to get a start and if he's coming on and scoring goals, that's massive for the team and it was an important goal for him."
© Alex Ellinghausen
The nature of the event and particularly the motive of the driver is still far from conclusive.The footage which is posted on the YoutTube channel Squawker Media throws doubt on the mainstream media narrative which has generally assumed that the action was committed by the driver with the malicious intent to cause harm.The following clip shows the vehicle in question driving down the road at a slow speed while those beside it do not show any fear or otherwise noteworthy reaction.This second video shows more clearly that an object was in fact hurled at the vehicle by an individual beside it before the car started to accelerate.A final video shows scenes that were previously released of the vehicle reversing back down the street at a relatively high speed (consider cars only have one reverse gear).The new videos are by no means conclusive evidence proving that the entire incident was accidental rather than intention but by the same token, these new videos serve as an important reminder thatThe truth might only come out after a lengthy investigation.
Counting of votes for by-elections to four Lok Sabha and 10 Assembly constituencies is being held on Thursday. The Lok Sabha constituencies where votes are being counted are Kairana (Uttar Pradesh), Bhandara-Gondia and Palghar (Maharashtra) and Nagaland parliamentary constituency, and the 10 assembly seats are Palus Kadegaon (Maharashtra), Noorpur (Uttar Pradesh), Jokihat (Bihar), Gomia and Silli (Jharkhand), Chengannur (Kerala), Ampati (Meghalaya), Shahkot (Punjab), Tharali (Uttarakhand) and Maheshtala (West Bengal).
WATCH the Live streaming of Lok Sabha, Assembly by-election results here
The bypolls hold significance for the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and opposition parties, including the Congress, which are united against the ruling saffron party. The results of bypolls in Kairana in Uttar Pradesh is being watched closely. The BJP is facing a fight in the seat from the RLD, which has the backing of the BSP, the SP and the Congress.
Following the party's defeat in from Gorakhpur and Phulpur by-elections in Uttar Pradesh, the BJP had profusely campaigned for Kairana seat in Uttar Pradesh. In Maharashtra's Palghar and Bhandara-Gondia seats, all four major parties - BJP, Shiv Sena, NCP, and Congress - left no stone unturned to woo the electorates in their favour.
Elections were necessitated in Kairana after the seat fell vacant in February following the death of BJP leader Hukum Singh. The BJP has fielded Mriganka Singh, daughter of Singh, from the seat. In Maharashtra, Palghar is a reserved seat, which was previously held by the BJP. The seat fell vacant after sitting BJP MP Chintaman Wanga died in January.
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Emmerdale' Kerry Wyatt has had enough of hiding Daz Spencer's big secret, and their discussion may lead to his shock exit from the soap.
Daz is keen to offload more of his shocking secret, so goes to speak to Kerry so he can give her the full story.
At first, Kerry, is desperate to share what she has been told but as Daz tells her more and more of the story, she starts feeling conflicted as to whether she should speak out.
(Image: ITV)
Later, Bernice Blackstock, Daz's girlfriend, discovers him at the house with a fully packed holdall, and realises he is trying to make a quiet exit from her life.
Naturally, Bernice believes it must be her fault that he is leaving, and wants to find out what is going on with her beloved.
Daz flounders and tries to think fast on a reason, but ends up bolting and sees Kerry on his way out of the village.
Kerry tries to talk him down, explaining to him that he needs to open up and can't just run away.
(Image: ITV)
But can Kerry help Daz solve all the questions whirring round his head, and get him to tell the truth once and for all?
The couple have already experienced some ups and downs when Bernice's daughter, Gabby, tried to blackmail Daz to get her and her friend Liv Flaherty some booze.
He refused, which led to the terrible twosome stealing drugs from Vanessa Woodfield and accidentally spiking Lisa Dingle at The Woolpack, though the spiked pint was actually meant for Daz.
Emmerdale airs from 7pm weekdays on ITV.
If you've made changes to how you use social media since Facebook's Cambridge Analytica privacy debacle, you're not alone.
A new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research finds that 7 out of 10 of online adults who've heard of the scandal — revelations that a data mining firm may have accessed the private information of some 87 million Facebook users to influence elections — have unfollowed accounts, deleted their profiles or made other changes in how they use social media.
And since 9 in 10 Americans have heard at least a little bit about Cambridge Analytica, this means the scandal has led to widespread changes in the use of social media among Americans. What's less clear is whether these changes are permanent, and whether they will affect business at Facebook, Twitter and other social media companies.
Facebook has said that it hasn't noticed a meaningful decline in usage since the scandal broke and it doesn't seem to have experienced much of an advertiser exodus, either. But that doesn't mean the social media giant is in the clear. Some high-profile tech luminaries such as Elon Musk and Steve Wozniak have disavowed Facebook, and a "DeleteFacebook" online campaign — even if it didn't lead to mass defections — has bruised the company's already-battered image.
Cole Bearden, 26, a musician and liquor store employee in Nashville, said he soured on Facebook a while ago, after his parents friended him and turned his app into "a perpetual recipe video-sharing machine." That, along with his concerns about surveillance and advertisements, convinced him to drop the app from his phone a year ago. He said in an interview last month that he checks his profile only occasionally.
Still, Bearden says deleting his profile won't mean a lot unless many other Facebook users do the same. And even that, he says, may come too late.
"The real damage has been done. Our concept of open democracy has been undermined, subverted and potentially irreparably damaged," he said.
Some people, though, were cautious long before Cambridge Analytica. Jessica Garcia, who lives in Homewood, Illinois, said she was already "pretty strict" with all her settings and she uses social media (Facebook, mostly) only minimally. She doesn't post much and stays out of politics.
Get the Biz Briefing newsletter! The latest LI business news in your inbox Monday through Friday. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Asked who bears the responsibility to protect people's online privacy, the poll found that vast majorities of Americans think both social media companies (84 percent) and individual users (72 percent) have a large share. Just short of half — 46 percent — see that as a large responsibility of the federal government.
Garcia agrees with the majority and said it's a combination of individual and company responsibility.
"I don't feel like the government needs to step in and start controlling that," she said. "If we can't make good decisions and people and they don't make good decisions as companies, it'll fall apart on its own."
Americans who have taken some action after hearing about Facebook's recent privacy crisis include 29 percent who have deleted certain social media accounts — the most drastic step. A larger number, 38 percent, uninstalled apps on their phone, while 42 percent said they used certain platforms less often. Nearly half, 47 percent, unfollowed or unfriended certain people, and 41 percent unfollowed groups or organizations.
Forty-five percent reviewed or changed their privacy settings — something Facebook encouraged recently by sending a notice to users through their Facebook pages. First, it notified the 87 million people whose information may have been leaked to Cambridge Analytica. This week, it began sending all 2.2 billion Facebook users a more generic notice to review their settings that show what apps have access to their data.
According to the poll, women were more likely than men to have made at least one change, and younger people were more likely to say they have reviewed their privacy settings or uninstalled apps from their phones. Older Americans were more likely to say they have followed news of the scandal.
The Cambridge Analytica fiasco was not Facebook's first privacy scandal, though it may have been its worst. The poll also found that Americans have broader concerns about how their data is used by companies like Facebook, Twitter and Google. Sixty percent said they were very or extremely concerned that such companies may not keep their personal information secure, and more than half said they were concerned that the companies might track their data even after they have tried to delete it.
African-Americans were more likely to express concern about privacy than whites. For example, 72 percent of blacks and 57 percent of whites are worried about companies securing their personal information, while 62 percent of blacks and 44 percent of whites are concerned about companies tracking their location.
Today is Friday, October 6, 2017 the 279th day of the year with 86 days remaining.
Sunrise : 7:10am
: 7:10am Sunset: 6:45pm
...giving us 11 hours and 35 minutes of daylight. 99% of the waning harvest moon will be visible, rising at 7:48pm.
Tides at the Golden Gate
High : 12:28am/12:36pm
: 12:28am/12:36pm Low: 5:06am/6:38pm
Special international celebrations today…
Armed Forces Day - Egypt
National German-American Day - USA
October Revolution War - Syria
Physician Assistant Day - USA
Remembrance Day - Turkmenistan
It's also…
American Libraries Day
Mad Hatter Day
Manufacturing Day
National Diversity Day
National German-American Day
World Smile Day
National Noodle Day
On this day in…
1683 - The first Mennonites arrived in America aboard the Concord. The German and Dutch families settled in an area that is now a neighborhood in Philadelphia, PA.
1848 - The steamboat SS California left New York Harbor for San Francisco via Cape Horn. The steamboat service arrived on February 28, 1849. The trip took 4 months and 21 days.
1857 - The American Chess Congress held their first national chess tournament in New York City.
1863 - The first Turkish bath was opened in Brooklyn, NY, by Dr. Charles Shepard.
1866 - The Reno Brothers pulled the first train robbery in America near Seymour, IN. They got away with $10,000.
1880 - The National League kicked the Cincinnati Reds out for selling beer.
1884 - The Naval War College was established in Newport, RI.
1889 - In Paris, the Moulin Rouge opened its doors to the public for the first time.
1889 - The Kinescope was exhibited by Thomas Edison. He had patented the moving picture machine in 1887.
1890 - Polygamy was outlawed by the Mormon Church.
1927 - "The Jazz Singer" opened in New York starring Al Jolson. The film was based on the short story "The Day of Atonement" by Sampson Raphaelson.
1928 - War-torn China was reunited under the Nationalist leader Chiang Kai-Shek.
1937 - "Hobby Lobby" debuted on CBS radio.
1939 - Adolf Hitler denied any intention to wage war against Britain and France in an address to Reichstag.
1948 - "Summer and Smoke" by Tennessee Williams opened on Broadway.
1949 - U.S. president Harry Truman signed the Mutual Defense Assistance Act. The act provided $1.3 billion in the form of military aid to NATO countries.
1954 - E.L. Lyon became the first male nurse for the U.S. Army.
1961 - U.S. president John F. Kennedy advised American families to build or buy bomb shelters to protect them in the event of a nuclear exchange with the Soviet Union.
1962 - Robert Goulet began the role of Sir Lancelot in "Camelot".
1973 - Egypt and Syria attacked Israel in an attempt to win back territory that had been lost in the third Arab-Israel war. Support for Israel led to a devastating oil embargo against many nations including the U.S. and Great Britain on October 17, 1973. The war lasted 2 weeks.
1979 - Pope John Paul II became the first pontiff to visit the White House.
1991 - Elizabeth Taylor married Larry Fortensky. The ceremony was held at Michael Jackson's estate near Los Angeles, CA. It was Taylor's 8th marriage and Fortensky's 3rd.
Today's birthday celebrants include (or included)...
Steven Troughton-Smith a well-known developer has recently shared new evidence in the iOS 12 that suggests the inclusion of Face ID in the upcoming version of the iPad. He has found the traces of Face ID in the framework of the iOS 12, which is still in a beta version.
Smith has discovered an iPad-ready implementation of AvatarKit, the software framework that Apple's Animoji feature relies on.
Although, this is not an exciting development, Smit notes, "Animoji requires a True Depth camera for face tracking." This hints that Apple might be planning to include the Face ID technology in the upcoming iPad.
According to MacRumors, earlier the iPhone X firmware had included the AvatarKit framework. This framework requires a TrueDepth camera to perform real-time face tracking. Currently, the framework is only available on iPhone X. However, Apple has included the framework in the iOS 12 beta which indicates that an iPad is around the corner with similar hardware.
iOS 12 comes with tweaked iPad gesture, which is similar to the ones present in iPhone X. These point to a tablet with a notch design and a TrueDepth Camera without Home button. There are other reports, which also suggest that Apple is working on a high-end iPad for this year. This next-generation iPad is also expected to adopt many elements from the company's iPhone X.
What will you see in the next-gen iPad
The upcoming iPad is said to arrive with a slim design, faster processor, a custom-built GPU and TrueDepth camera with Face ID. Moreover, reports from a Taiwanese site, Economic Daily News suggests that Apple will introduce an iPad Pro with a display size of approximately 11 inches.
Talking precisely about the timeframe of the new iPad, Bloomberg report, the launch may happen sometime around September of 2018.
Earlier, analyst Ming-Chi Kuo from TF International Securities had also claimed that the iPad Pro would be launch sometime in the third quarter of 2018, which also tallies with the September launch, mentioned earlier.
While the features may be added for sure, there is a lot which we are not sure of about the upcoming iPad. All the above-mentioned details do come in a form of an educated guess and leaves enough room for non-accuracy of the details. So, it's better to take this information with the pinch of salt and wait for the official announcement.
Source, via
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An illegal rave attended by about 500 people was held in the future headquarters of a travel company - yet the managing director has reacted by displaying a sense of humour.
The party was held in a vacant unit at Dorking Office Park, Surrey, soon to be home to Kuoni , it has been revealed.
Police say damage was done to the building - with further damage and rubbish was left at nearby Meadowbank skate park.
They were called to the building just after midnight on Saturday and had to disperse the crowd.
Kuoni revealed in June this year that they will be moving to the new site at the business park by June 2018 from their current site in Deepdene Avenue.
(Image: Surrey Mirror WS)
(Image: Surrey Mirror WS)
The company confirmed that the unlicensed music event did take place inside the building they will be moving into.
Derek Jones, managing director of Kuoni UK, said: "Kuoni hasn't yet taken possession of the building.
"We are planning to move from our current location at Kuoni House in the spring of next year.
(Image: @MoleValleyBeat/Twitter)
"We have spoken with the landlord who has informed us that the level of damage caused was minimal. We're extremely grateful to Surrey Police for their quick response to the incident.
"We love being in Dorking. We've been based here for 40 years and we plan to be here for many years to come.
"This is the first time we've hosted the town rave – and hopefully the last."
(Image: @MoleValleyBeat/Twitter)
Although the damage is being described as "minimal", the word "drizzle" can be seen written on the walls inside the building, having been daubed there during the rave, the Surrey Mirror reports.
Police images show drinks cans and bottles and, in one of the photos, a police officer holds two fire extinguishers.
Mr Jones told said in June that the building had recently been refurbished and decorating plans are still ongoing.
(Image: Surrey Mirror WS)
The landlord has been contacted for details about how the building was broken into.
Surrey Police have launched an investigation into the incident but no arrests have yet been made.
A force spokesman said officers from Mole Valley's policing team were fully investigating the circumstances around Saturday night's unlicensed music event.
Mole Valley's Inspector Karen Coyne said: “Surrey Police will not tolerate unlicensed events in our area.
"Those who attended the event had paid for entry and may have believed they were going to a legitimate licensed event.
(Image: @MoleValleyBeat/Twitter)
"This event caused significant impact to the local residents.
"The building was extensively damaged. There is also some damage to the Meadowbank skate park.
"We thank the community who were vigilant and reported information that helped us to respond appropriately.
"We are now keen to track down the organisers as part of our investigation.”
"If you have any information please contact Police on 101 and quote reference 45170088426.
"Alternatively the independent charity Crimestoppers can also be contacted anonymously on 0800 555 111."
SACRAMENTO, Calif. (AP) - Blake Griffin had 26 points, nine rebounds and seven assists and the Detroit Pistons pulled away in the third quarter to beat the Sacramento Kings 106-90 on Monday night.
Ish Smith had 18 points, Reggie Bullock added 17 and Anthony Tolliver scored 12 points behind three 3-pointers - one of three Pistons with a trio of 3s. Andre Drummond had just four points but pulled down 16 rebounds to help Detroit end its three-game losing streak.
The Pistons won on the road for only the 10th time this season.
On a night when the Kings' Vince Carter had seven points to move past Patrick Ewing into 22nd place on the NBA's career scoring list, Griffin led Detroit to the lopsided win with another in a string of big games this month.
Griffin scored on a spinning layup, a 3-pointer and a drive from the top of the key to spark a 13-4 run in the third quarter. He later drove around a pair of defenders for a two-handed dunk then added two free throws to put Detroit up 70-61.
It's the seventh time in 10 games that Griffin has scored 24 points or more.
Bullock made a pair of 3s in the fourth quarter to extend the Pistons lead to 98-76.
Detroit won in Sacramento for the first time since Dec. 13, 2014.
Willie Cauley-Stein scored 20 points for the Kings. De'Aaron Fox added 16 points and four assists while Justin Jackson had 15 points.
Carter, the 41-year-old former dunk champion, had a thunderous one-handed jam to spark a 9-2 run early in the second quarter then added a 12-foot fadeaway later to put the Kings up 35-33. Carter later made a 3-pointer in the third quarter to pass Ewing.
Sacramento was still ahead when Griffin six of his 15 first-half points over the final 4 minutes to help tie the game at 44.
The two teams were still tied midway through the third when Griffin took over during a 13-4 run by Detroit.
TIP-INS
Pistons: Reggie Jackson continues to make steady progress and could resume playing this week after missing more than two months with a severely sprained right ankle.
Kings: Sacramento missed eight of its first nine shots but still shot 40 percent in the first quarter. ... Bogdan Bogdanovic (sore left hamstring) did not play for the first time since missing the first three games of the season because of a sore ankle.
UP NEXT
Pistons: Play at Phoenix on Tuesday.
Kings: Host Atlanta on Thursday.
___
More AP basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Real Madrid CF updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Real Madrid are on the verge of making their first January signing with a €25million (£22m) bid readied for Athletic Bilbao goalkeeper Kepa Arrizabalaga.
The 23-year-old, who has received one cap for Spain, will likely replace Keylor Navas as the No.1 at the Bernabeu.
Los Blancos could land the player on a free transfer next summer, but with the risk of foreign interest emerging, Real appear set to pay up his buy-out clause.
Marca believe Kepa will sign a six-year deal with Real from January 1, with a salary worth €2.5m per season.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
It continues a trend from Florentino Perez, who has been eager to snap up the very best young Spanish talent, rather than foreigners.
Kepa will follow recent acquisitions Dani Ceballos and Theo Hernandez, who were bought under similar circumstances.
The news appears to be good for Manchester United , who may feel more confident of keeping David De Gea for the long term.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho was at the centre of a heated bust-up at Old Trafford following an ill-tempered Manchester derby.
The Portuguese lost his cool as City celebrated their 2-1 victory after Nicolas Otamendi struck the winner after Marcus Rashford had earlier cancelled out David Silva's opener.
The Blues opened up an 11-point gap between the sides at the top of the table, with many surmising that the title race is effectively over.
While the Premier League trophy may be all but settled, the return fixture at Etihad will be highly anticipated after both sides' antics at full-time.
So what actually happened? Here's a run-down of the protagonists involved and what we know so far following the scarcely believable scenes at full-time.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
What annoyed Mourinho?
Well, firstly a humiliating defeat to his personal rival Pep Guardiola and United's bitter rivals City. Though Mourinho, as he would later claim in his press conference, was upset that Michael Oliver failed to award a penalty as Ander Herrera tumbled following Nicolas Otamendi's challenge.
He then took issue with the raucous celebrations from Guardiola's side, which included loud music.
(Image: AFP)
What happened next?
The United boss is said to have shouted into the visitors' dressing room to "show some respect," and was promptly sprayed with water and milk.
Mourinho is said to have even been struck by a plastic bottle.
One source has said that a milk carton was thrown against the wall, exploding and covering Mourinho's designer coat before he then walked off.
(Image: AFP)
What happened between Mourinho and Ederson?
The City goalkeeper is alleged to have grabbed Mourinho by the arm to stop him from confronting other City players.
The pair is then said to have exchanged expletives in the pair's mother tongue Portuguese.
Mourinho was also displeased with Ederson for what he believed to be feigning injury in the closing stages of the game in order to waste time.
The former Chelsea boss is alleged to have later said in English to the Brazilian: "You f****** show respect. Who are you?"
(Image: Getty)
Arteta injured by bottle
City's assistant coach Mikel Arteta suffered a facial wound after being struck by a bottle.
Romelu Lukaku , according to reports in Spain from Cadena SER on the show 'El Larguero,' is the player responsible for launching the bottle, which struck the former Arsenal star in the face.
With emotions spilling over, the Guardian claim police officers and stewards were forced into action with up to "20 players and members of staff" involved.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Punches were allegedly thrown from both sets of players with some officials looking on in disbelief.
The scenes brought back memories of the infamous 'Battle of the Buffet' at Old Trafford as tensions flared between United and Arseanl in 2004.
The FA are yet to react with any potential disciplinary ramifications for both side, with both teams back in action in the mid-week round of Premier League fixtures.
Satellite dishes providing internet for Benn's Grant residents
By Diana McFarland
Managing editor
Many Benn's Grant houses have a lawn fixture — a satellite dish.
Some houses have two — one for internet and the other for cable television.
Although more than 90 housing contracts were written last year, Charter Communications has yet to provide service to the new neighborhood, located south of Smithfield on Route 10.
East West Communities Developer Branch Lawson said the latest word from Charter is that fiber is being laid and service is expected in two phases of the development by the first part of March.
Meanwhile, residents are finding ways to cope before the service begins.
Shannon Jones wanted a satellite dish, but since she lives in a middle town house, that wasn't going to happen.
New Delhi: Silver prices slumped below the Rs 40,000 per kg level by falling Rs 500 to Rs 39,800 per kg at the bullion market on Saturday, tracking a weak trend overseas amid reduced industrial offtake.
Gold, however, ruled steady at Rs 31,250 per ten grams largely on scattered buying.
Gold of 99.9 percent and 99.5 percent purity ruled flat at Rs 31,250 and Rs 31,100 per ten grams respectively. Sovereign followed suit and maintained a steady trend at Rs 24,800 per piece of eight grams.
Traders yesterday observed a 'bandh' to protest against the ongoing sealing of business establishments in the city.
Marketmen said apart from a weak trend overseas, fall in demand from industrial units and coin makers at domestic spot market mainly led to fall in silver prices.
Globally, silver fell 3.63 percent to USD 16.58 an ounce and gold by 1.22 percent to USD 1,331.90 an ounce in New York yesterday.
In the national capital, silver ready plunged by Rs 500 to Rs 39,800 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs 835 to Rs 38,605 per kg.
Silver coins, however, held steady at Rs 74,000 for buying and Rs 75,000 for selling of 100 pieces.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Drake was forced to release a statement on Instagram after Pusha-T revealed some unflattering home truths.
Pusha-T claimed Drake has a secret baby son with former porn star Sophie Brussaux in an explosive diss track.
But taking to Instagram Stories, Drake only wanted to clarify why he appears in 'blackface' makeup in artwork Pusha-T's single.
And fans rushed to Twitter to demand Drake answer questions about his alleged baby.
"What about the baby Drake?" one fan asked.
(Image: WENN.com)
(Image: sophieknowsbetter/Instagram)
"Drake addressed the black face but not the baby... what's really going on?" another added.
A third wrote: " Drake how's the kid dude. Yikes!"
On Wednesday evening, Drake shared a statement addressing the artwork.
While remaining silent on the baby allegations, the Canadian star wrote: "I know everyone is enjoying the circus but I want to clarify this image in question.
(Image: FilmMagic)
(Image: Getty Images North America)
"This was not from a clothing brand shoot or my music career.
"This picture is from 2007, a time in my life where I was an actor and I was working on a project that was about young black actors struggling to get roles, being sterotyped and type cast. The photos represented how African Americans were once wrongfully portrayed in entertainment.
He continued: "Me and my best friend at the time Mazin Elsadig who is also an actor from Sudan were attempting to use our voice to bring awareness to theissue we dealt with all the time as black actors at auditions.
"This was to highlight and raise our frustrations with not always getting a fair chance in the industry and to make a point that the struggle for black actors had not changed much."
After releasing his diss track The Story of Adidon, Pusha-T tweeted the artwork and added: “This is a REAL picture… these are his truths, see for yourself."
It was later removed.
Pusha-T was responding to Drake's track Dupply Freestyle, which had been released on Friday.
The Uber vehicle was in autonomous mode, with an operator behind the wheel, when it hit a woman walking in the street in the city of Tempe late Sunday, according to the San Francisco-based company
Published 10:23 AM, March 20, 2018
SAN FRANCISCO, USA – Ride-sharing giant Uber said on Monday, March 19, it is suspending use of self-driving cars after one of the vehicles struck and killed a pedestrian in the US state of Arizona.
The Uber vehicle was in autonomous mode, with an operator behind the wheel, when it hit a woman walking in the street in the city of Tempe late Sunday, according to the San Francisco-based company.
The victim was hospitalized and later died from her injuries.
"Our hearts go out to the victim's family," an Uber spokesperson told AFP. "We are fully cooperating with local authorities in their investigation of this incident."
Uber said it had temporarily halted its use of self-driving cars for testing or customer rides in Tempe, Pittsburgh, Toronto, and San Francisco.
Tempe is one of just two cities -- along with Pittsburgh -- where the ride-sharing firm has been using autonomous vehicles as part of its regular passenger.
The vehicle operator in the driver's seat was the only person in the car when the accident occurred, Uber said. The car was in police hands on Monday.
Sunday's accident was the first fatal self-driving car crash involving a pedestrian.
The first deadly self-driving car accident was reported in mid-2016, and involved a Tesla.
Sheriff needed?
The Tesla Model S, cruising on "Autopilot," failed to detect a crossing tractor-trailer against a bright sky, killing the driver – who it later emerged had kept his hands off the wheel for extended periods of time despite automated warnings not to do so.
Investigators at the US National Transportation Safety Board determined the probable cause of the Tesla crash was the combination of "a truck driver's failure to yield the right of way and a car driver's inattention due to overreliance on vehicle automation."
Autonomous-vehicle technology has been touted as having potential to save fuel, ease congestion, and to save thousands of lives by avoiding accidents due to human error.
As with the fatal Tesla crash, however, the deadly Uber accident is likely to stoke concerns that the industry is moving too fast.
Google-owned Waymo this month began using its self-driving trucks to haul cargo bound for the internet giant's data centers in Georgia, while rival Uber announced the use of self-driving semi trucks as part of an on-demand trucking service in Arizona.
In September, US Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao released new guidelines that permit more testing of self-driving cars.
But America's non-profit Consumer Watchdog has warned that roads are being turned "into private laboratories for robot cars with no regard for our safety."
The group on Monday called for a nationwide moratorium on testing self-driving cars on public roads while investigators figure out what went wrong in the Uber accident.
"Arizona has been the wild west of robot car testing with virtually no regulations in place," Watchdog technology project director John Simpson said in a statement.
"When there's no sheriff in town, people get killed."
Car vision tests?
US states set their own rules for roads, and a handful have passed laws allowing self-driving vehicles.
California and Arizona have been particularly encouraging, hoping that companies developing autonomous technology in those states will create local jobs and facilities devoted to a promising new industry.
Duke University robotics professor Missy Cummings is among the advocates of slowing down introduction of autonomous vehicles to avoid risk and get proper regulations in place.
While machines are better at staying vigilant and reacting to routine situations, human drivers have proven superior at handling unusual or unexpected situations, according to the professor.
Cummings reasoned that if people need to pass vision exams in order to get driving licenses, so should self-driving cars.
She noted a case in which putting stickers on a stop sign could fool autonomous car sensors into seeing it as a sign indicating a speed limit.
"If we are still learning at this rate, and still uncovering major problems, it begs the question of why we are trying to put this technology into widespread use," Cummings told AFP.
"I am a big fan of the technology, but it is very unproven and experimental." – Rappler.com
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Dejan Lovren and Naby Keita have been forced to drop out of their international call-ups through injury.
Liverpool centre back Lovren has withdrawn from Croatia's trip to the USA as they face Peru and Mexico in friendlies.
The 28-year-old missed Saturday's 5-0 demolition of Watford - where Mo Salah bagged four goals - as Joel Matip and Virgil van Dijk lined up together at Anfield.
Future Reds ace Keita has also decided to stay at his current club, RB Leipzig, rather than travel to homeland Guinea this week.
(Image: Action Plus)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
The central midfielder scored during Leipzig's famous 2-1 victory over table topping Bayern Munich on Sunday night, but was forced off in the 69th minute with a bruised spine.
It has also been revealed Keita has picked up a fever as well.
(Image: Clive Brunskill)
(Image: Bongarts)
Keita, who is due to team up with Jurgen Klopp's side in the summer having agreed a £48million transfer last year, had been due to face Mauritius in a friendly on Saturday.
Lovren will still be expecting to book his place on the plane to Russia, with Croatia facing Nigeria, Argentina and Iceland at the World Cup, while Keita will get the summer off with his nation failing to qualify.
WASHINGTON (AP) — As Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu visits the White House, the Trump administration has suggested that peace between the Israelis and Palestinians may not come in the form of a two-state solution — a position that could represent a dramatic shift from 20 years of U.S. policy.
Speaking to reporters ahead of President Donald Trump's meeting Wednesday with Netanyahu, a senior White House official said Tuesday that Trump is eager to begin facilitating a peace deal between the two sides and hoping to bring them together soon.
But the official, who was not authorized to speak publicly on the meeting beforehand, said it will be up to the Israelis and Palestinians to determine what peace will entail — and that peace, not a two-state solution, is the goal.
Meanwhile, two senior Palestinian officials say CIA chief Mike Pompeo secretly held talks in the West Bank with Mahmoud Abbas, the first high-level meeting between the Palestinian leader and a Trump administration official. They said Wednesday the meeting took place Tuesday at Abbas' headquarters in Ramallah. The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak to reporters about the meeting, which had not been announced.
The White House had no comment Wednesday on the report.
For decades, the U.S. position has been that Israelis and Palestinians must work through direct negotiations to establish two states living side by side, at peace, with Palestinians to ultimately create an independent state. All serious peace negotiations in that time have assumed that the two-state solution was the basis for future peace.
State Department officials expressed surprise at the White House official's comments and said Tuesday they were not aware of any policy shift on the desirability of a two-state solution. Three officials said the department was seeking clarification from the White House comments, which came as Secretary of State Rex Tillerson was having dinner with Netanyahu. The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss the matter publicly.
During his final White House news conference, Obama warned that the moment for a two-state solution “may be passing” and said the “status quo is unsustainable.”
It was not clear if the Trump White House had intended to declare a major shift in policy during the hastily arranged briefing Tuesday night.
The two leaders will hold a joint news conference before convening for meetings and a working lunch. The prime minister will then head to Capitol Hill for meetings with lawmakers on both sides of the aisle, including Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, House Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer.
Trump takes pride in his deal-making skills and said during his campaign that he'd love the challenge of negotiating a Mideast agreement. He has appointed his son-in-law, Jared Kushner, to lead the effort.
The White House official said the visit was meant to mark a new, closer relationship between Israel and the United States, an alliance that came under strain during the Obama years.
Trump and Netanyahu are likely to discuss peace efforts as well as expanded Israeli settlements, Iran and Trump's campaign pledge to move the U.S. embassy in Israel from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem.
The latter would signal U.S. recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital, a move that would infuriate Palestinians. They claim the eastern sector of the city, captured by Israel in the 1967 war, as their capital.
American presidents have long struck a delicate balance fin addressing the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, stressing the close U.S. friendship with Israel and lavishing the Jewish state with bountiful aid. But recent presidents also have tried to negotiate, and they have called out Israel for actions seen as undermining peace efforts, such as expanding settlements in the occupied West Bank.
Trump told The Associated Press during his campaign that he wanted to be “very neutral” and try to get both sides together. But his tone became decidedly more pro-Israel as the campaign progressed. He has spoken disparagingly of Palestinians, saying they have been “taken over” by or are condoning militant groups. Some of his top aides challenge the legitimacy of Palestinian demands for a state.
After repeatedly clashing with Obama for eight years, capped by a U.N. Security Council resolution condemning Israeli settlements, Netanyahu seemed relieved by Trump's arrival. Trump slammed the U.S. decision to abstain from the U.N. vote, saying in December that Israel is being treated “very, very unfairly.”
Now in office, however, Trump has been forced to re-evaluate and revisit his position on a number of issues — including those relating to Israel.
After initially greeting Israel's settlement announcements with a shrug, Trump appears to be having second thoughts. In an interview with a pro-Netanyahu Israeli daily last Friday, Trump said, “I am not somebody that believes that going forward with these settlements is a good thing for peace.”
While Wednesday's meeting is expected to be much warmer than Netanyahu's famously tense encounters with Obama, the Israeli leader will still need to tread with caution on sensitive issues like Israeli settlement construction, Iran and the war in Syria.
In dealing with Trump, Netanyahu will also face some potential pitfalls. Key constituencies, including congressional Democrats and many American Jews, oppose Trump's policies, while at home Netanyahu is under pressure from his hard-line allies to push for policies that Trump may not support.
“The challenge to Netanyahu is domestic,” said Yousef Munayyer, a political analyst and executive director of the U.S. Campaign for Palestinian Rights. “He spent so much time arguing that Obama was the problem that now that we are in the post-Obama era, his right-wing coalition partners want to exploit the moment and take huge steps that would further isolate Israel, trigger international condemnation from other corners, and potentially destabilize the land and Israeli politics.”
The Israeli prime minister is also scheduled to have breakfast Thursday with Vice President Mike Pence before departing for Israel.
__
Associated Press writer Josh Lederman in Washington, Karin Laub in Ramallah, West Bank and Josef Federman in Jerusalem contributed to this report.
WASHINGTON (AP) - Newspaper publisher Tronc has named CEO Justin Dearborn as its chairman of the board, replacing Michael Ferro, who is retiring.
The change announced Monday shortly before Fortune magazine published a story about two women who allege that Ferro made unwanted sexual advances during 2013 and 2016 before he become Tronc's chairman.
"Michael Ferro has had no claims filed against him while leading Tronc as chairman," Tronc said in a statement. "Further, we are aware of no claims filed against Mr. Ferro throughout his career. As Mr. Ferro has retired after leading a financial turnaround of Tronc, we wish him well in his private life and will have no further comment."
Ferro struck it rich as an entrepreneur involved in two startups that were sold for more than $1 billion. In 2016, he bought a stake in the Tribune Co, which was subsequently renamed as Tronc.
Chicago-based Tronc Inc., which operates newspapers including the Chicago Tribune, New York Daily News and The Baltimore Sun, announced last month it had sold the Los Angeles Times and other papers for $500 million and an additional $90 million in pension benefits.
"Michael retires having created considerable shareholder value for the company in just two years as chairman of the board," Dearborn said, adding that the company had tripled its market capitalization, quadrupled its cash holdings and reduced its debt under Ferro's leadership.
Dearborn was appointed CEO of Tronc in February 2016. He previously led Merge Healthcare until its acquisition by IBM for $1 billion in October 2015.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Kalidou Koulibaly's 90th minute winner against Juventus triggered an 'earthquake' spike in Naples on Saturday night.
The towering header kept the title race alive as Napoli moved to within one point of the reigning champions with just four games left to play.
Despite the fact the game was held in the Juventus Stadium in Turin, the goal was celebrated so wildly back home that it could be seen on a seismic reading.
The Euro-Med Seismological Centre, which monitors earthquake activity across Europe, registered a spike in seismic activity in Fuorigrotta, a suburb of the city.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
They posted on their Facebook , writing: "The seismographs of the national seismic network INGV. More precisely, near Fuorigrotta (Napoli). The match was not played in Napoli: ground movement only due by the fans at home watching the match."
The goal meant that Maurizio Sarri's side are well and truly in the title race as they hope to win their first crown in 28 years and just their third overall.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
It meant so much to the fans that as much as 10,000 fans waited at the city's airport to welcome the team home in the early hours of Monday morning.
They'll be hoping for a miracle and will fancy themselves with Juve having the tougher run in of the two sides.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
The holders face Champions League hopefuls Inter Milan and Roma in the next few weeks, while there is also the distraction of the Coppa Italia final against AC Milan.
Napoli has to tackle Fiorentina, Torino, Sampdoria and Crotone in their final fixtures.
"We (Fatah and Hamas) are now united to stand against the occupation government and the decision of the US on Jerusalem. We confirm as the Palestinian movements [...] that Jerusalem is the internal capital of Palestine".
"The issue is open, the Palestinian people will not remain silent, as well as the Arab community, the Islamic community and its peoples, the Christian world too. There are Muslim and Christian shrines in Jerusalem... Any action related to this city can be considered playing with fire".
"Russian President [Vladimir Putin] expressed his very clear point of view, saying that international resolutions and international law are the basis for the resolution of the conflict in the region. We also believe that Russia and President Putin are friends of the Palestinian people and are always on the side of the legitimate international resolutions and international law.
The United States has found itself isolated in the face of the reaction of all countries that warn about the danger of these actions... We are striving for an international peace conference under the auspices of the United Nations with the participation of our friends - the Russian Federation, China and many others... to reaffirm that it is necessary to comply with UN Security Council and the General Assembly resolutions on the Palestinian problem".
In October of this year, Fatah and Hamas finalised an agreement to form a Palestinian unity government after years of deadlock between the two largest Palestinian parties.However, in spite of October's Cairo Agreement, the parties had struggled to implement the terms of the accord, especially in respect of transferring certain administrative powers in Gaza to the Palestinian Authority.Palestinian Liberation Organisation (PLO) spokesman Wasel Abu Yousef spoke to Sputnik and said,When asked about the specific call from Hamas for a Third Intifada, Yousef stated,Earlier, the Palestinian Foreign Minister confirmed that Palestine will no longer engage in talks with the US over the long stalled peace process, nor will Palestinian President Abbas meet with the US Vice President who will visit the region later in December.Palestinian officials, including the Palestinian Ambassador to Russia have stated that they are seeking new international partners to broker a final peace settlement, now that the US is no longer seen as adequate.When asked about this, Yousef stated,
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Crystal Palace have suspended academy chief Gary Issott while they investigate claims of inappropriate behaviour towards the club's youngsters.
Palace have launched a shock probe into long-serving academy director Issott after concerns were raised about his conduct.
The investigation is understood to centre on allegations of a dressing room incident and also that Issott made a lurid comment about one of Palace's youth prospects.
Issott has been placed on gardening leave while the claims are looked into by the club, who have informed the FA and Premier League.
A member of staff is understood to have raised concerns after overhearing some of Palace's youngsters talking about Issott showering in the same area as members of his under-18 squad.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
The alleged incident is understood to have occurred after an away game at a ground which did not have different shower facilities for coaches and players.
Details of the incident were passed to the club's head of safeguarding Marcus Puddephatt, relayed to the Palace board and deemed serious enough to spark the investigation.
The alleged comment, of a sexual nature, was made back in pre-season.
But it is understood to have only come to light more recently after two members of Palace's academy were discussing the incident in earshot of a staff member who also reported the incident.
(Image: REUTERS)
There have been no complaints about Issott from players or parents but Palace are in a difficult position and duty-bound to investigate as the conduct was impossible to ignore once they were alerted.
The allegations and situation have stunned football figures familiar with the respected Issott and his work.
Some sources have even claimed that he has been the victim of a personal vendetta.
Once the FA were notified an instant suspension was imposed on Issott, who has been on leave for a number of weeks now.
Palace have interviewed players, parents and Issott himself as part of the ongoing investigation.
The FA will make a final decision on Issott once Palace's findings and recommendations are passed on.
If cleared Issott could return to the club, though possibly be sent on a re-education programme.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Mirror Sport understands, however, that he is considering taking matters into his own hands and leaving the club.
Issott has been at Palace for more than 20 years and established himself as a key cog in the South Londoners' operation.
He has helped bring through a long list of players including Wilfried Zaha, Victor Moses, Nathaniel Clyne, Wayne Routledge, Ben Watson.
Issott was unavailable for comment.
Palace said: “Crystal Palace Football Club has suspended its Academy director over a discciplinary matter.
"No complaints were received from members of the academy or their parents, but the club is carrying out an investigation after receiving information.
"The findings will be passed to the Football Association, which has imposed an interim suspension while the investigation is underway.”
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Matty Barton was left heartbroken when he returned to Emmerdale, only to be rejected by mum Moira.
Last week, Matty tried to sneak into his mum's house in a bid to get his birth certificate back.
But he was caught red-handed by Cain and was later forced to reveal his identity as Moira's son, who used to be known as Hannah .
Moira struggled to understand and hit out at her son and infuriated viewers by her reaction to his new identity.
Having already been stung by the experience, Matty isn't willing to lean on his mum when he ends up being brutally attacked.
Next week on Emmerdale, Matty is rushed to hospital after a violent attack.
Moira is shocked when she receives a call telling her that Matty is recovering in hospital after being beaten up.
Despite her rushing to his side, he makes it clear that he doesn't want her there.
Moira voices her concerns that he was attacked because he is transgender, but a defensive Matty insists that that wasn't the reason why.
She stays behind to try and connect with her son and it takes some time before it seems like she is making some headway.
But the next day, Moira is gutted when she visits the next day and finds out that Matty has discharged himself.
Will they ever be able to get close again?
*Emmerdale returns tomorrow at 7pm on ITV
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A cruel mum and dad who convinced their 13-year-old son he had terminal brain cancer so they could steal money from kind-hearted strangers are behind bars.
Robert Long, 47, and Ginny Irovando, 34, told friends they needed help with "medical expenses" for their boy.
They launched a Gofundme page with updates on his condition.
For eight months the boy thought he was going to die, say police in Fort Walton Beach, Florida.
There was even a T-shirt fundraiser launched at his school while Long and Irovando would post bogus updates on his cancer diagnosis on Facebook.
It's understood they had told the boy and friends that he was not expected to live past Christmas.
On December 28, the mother posted: "Well its three days past Christmas and he is doing okay. "
(Image: Okaloosa County Sheriff's Office)
(Image: Collect Unknown)
"He still has his good and bad days, but we are some blessed and happy parents knowing he has come this far.
“When the doctors told us that he didn't think he would be with us on Christmas it crushed our hearts.
"All I can say is that everyone that told us that you can't always believe what the doctor says, well that is true.
"There is only one person that knows when it's [name redacted]'s time to go and that is GOD.
"Every day that we have him with us we thank God for [letting] us be his mommy and daddy one more day.
"Please keep the prayers coming; they are working."
But it was all a scam to solicit money from the local community.
The crackpot scheme unravelled when a school counsellor heard what was happening and tipped off cops.
An investigation was launched and it emerged the boy has no brain tumours at all.
The couple were arrested on Thursday and have been charged with one count of child abuse and nine counts of fraud, the Miami Herald reports.
Children's services have removed the child and another sibling from the family's home and both are now in foster care.
New Delhi: Team India's in-form batsman Ajinkya Rahane, who has not been included for the T20I series against Australia, beginning on Saturday in Ranchi, is enjoying his time off the field, holidaying with wife Radhika Dhopavkar in Seychelles.
On Friday, Radhika posted Instagram stories of the couple on their way to the island nation.
The right-handed batsman has been in an impressive touch for the Men in Blue in all formats of the game.
In the ODI series against Australia, Rahane fully capitalised on the given opportunity, providing solid opening partnerships with Rohit Sharma in back to back four matches.
He got a chance in the absence of Shikhar Dhawan, who had to miss the series to attend to his ailing wife.
He scored 244 runs in the entire series with four consecutive half-centuries and a fine average of 48.8, becoming the second highest run-getter in the series after Rohit Sharma, who scored 296 runs.
Rahane was also the 'Man-of-the-Series' in the ODI series against the West Indies but was selected to play just one game in the series against Sri Lanka.
Ahead of the India-Australia T20 series, Ajinkya Rahane said that he respected the selectors' decision and fully supports the competitiveness in the dressing room.
Rahane has played 20 T20 matches for Team India, and has scored 375 runs with an average of just 20.83.
A bench of Supreme Court justices R.K. Agrawal and A.M. Sapre dismissed a plea against bail to trustees of Ryan International Group in connection with a student's killing. Photo: HT
New Delhi: The Supreme Court on Monday dismissed a plea challenging the anticipatory bail granted to three trustees of the Ryan International Group in connection with the killing of a student in the school premises.
A bench of justices R.K. Agrawal and A.M. Sapre said the “petition is dismissed.” The court had earlier reserved the order on the plea of the father of seven-year old boy, who was found dead in Ryan International School in Gurgaon, challenging the anticipatory bail granted to the trustees of the group.
Pradhuman, a Class II student, was found with his throat slit in the school washroom in Gurgaon on 8 September. School bus conductor Ashok Kumar was earlier arrested by Haryana police in connection with the crime. He was recently granted bail by a lower court.
The case was transferred to the CBI and the agency had apprehended a Class 11 student in connection with the killing. The high court had on 21 November granted anticipatory bail to Ryan International Group CEO Ryan Pinto and his parents—founding chairman Augustine Pinto and managing director Grace Pinto, in connection with the killing of Pradhuman.
The boy's father had approached the apex court seeking cancellation of the bail to the trustees.
Need a break? Play a quick game of solitaire or Sudoku. Or take one of our fun quizzes!
Last fall, Best Buy outlined its plans to massively expand the smart home services and in-home technical support provided by Geek Squad. Last week, Best Buy announced the launch of its Total Tech Support Powered by Geek Squad, making the service available nationwide.
The program has been in a pilot over the last few months, with Best Buy helping 230,000 customers set up, troubleshoot, and fix their technology.
Service Covers All Home Electronics Regardless of Brand
One of the key selling points of the service is how it provides consumers help with their home electronics and appliances, no matter when or where they were purchased.
“We all rely on technology more than ever and are constantly looking for that trusted friend to turn to for inspiration, advice, and help. We built Total Tech Support for that very reason,” says Trish Walker, president of Best Buy Services.
“This kind of service used to be available on single products only, but now essentially covers all of the electronics and appliances in your home,” Walker adds.
Best Buy Sets Annual Fee at $199.99
For $199.99, customers get unlimited technical support from Geek Squad, including in-store repairs, appliance installation, and computer-setup.
The fee also covers over-the-phone support, online troubleshooting, and in-home tech support. This builds off of Best Buy's existing Geek Squad technical support team, which last year provided service more than 16 million times. Best Buy also bundles up to three licenses for Internet security software for each member.
Members also benefit from special pricing and exclusive savings on in-home services like TV mounting, connected home device installation, select hardware repairs, and future purchases of most Geek Squad Protection and AppleCare service plans.
Also of note, Best Buy will continue to support Mag Care, it's Magnolia Remote Network Support which helps customers monitor their own networks and receive remote tech-support from in-store specialists.
Apple is secretly manufacturing its own screens for the first time. Yahoo Finance's Alexis Christoforous, Ethan Wolff-Mann and Melody Hahm debate whether or not this will be a permanent change.
An android powered TELEVISION box is incredibly easy to establish, all that has to be done is to plug the gadget into a source of power and linked to a suitable TELEVISION with an HDMI port and it's prepared to boot up. These gadgets run an effective brand-new edition of the android os understood passionately as an Ice Cream Sandwich or ICS. Nearly anybody who has actually ever utilized an android mobile phone understands the interface of this gadget. Rather merely this TELEVISION box is an Android Smart device or a tablet that can be plugged into a tv. These gadgets include more than adequate quantities of processing power and RAM paired with a sensible quantity of storage area. Furthermore, if the onboard memory is inadequate to house one's substantial collection of motion pictures external SD cards can be placed in capabilities approximately 32 GB.
On the free market, there are numerous different business offering tvs with onboard web abilities, these gadgets frequently cost a lot more loan and need some sort of membership for them to work properly. With an android tv box, there is no membership and anything one wishes to see online can be had definitely totally free. The web is a variety of totally free media, a sort of virtual Wild West where practically anything goes and practically anything can be had for complimentary. Anybody with an android mobile phone understands this too well, there are numerous complimentary apps and complimentary online films that can be discovered for those who have the time to browse well.
Due to that this gadget work on the Android OS which is totally free to third-party designers, the sky is the limitation regarding exactly what it can. This likewise indicates that the expense of this gadget is much lower due to the truth designers do not have to pay any royalties for using the Android os.
With the extensive usage of the web as a media source nearly whatever from films, old TELEVISION programs as well as specific niche market programs can be viewed online. Essentially, anything somebody wants to view from old Tv programs and Independent movies can be discovered online; this practically makes cable tv outdated. Rather merely, exactly what is being revealed on tv on a schedule isn't really constantly exactly what somebody wishes to view. With YouTube and other social networks practically whatever can be discovered online, there come a day when the excellent old-fashioned cable television box will be relegated to the list of outdated innovations together with beepers and floppies. The method of the future remains in the broadband connections serving material from the world around to anybody searching for it. Package in addition to cellular phones will render old TELEVISION networks such as cable television outdated in the years to come.
Among the greatest benefits to an android powered TELEVISION box are the various abilities of the gadget. Motion pictures, images and video can quickly be moved from a PC to the gadget by means of USB or Bluetooth. Numerous SD cards can be utilized much in the exact same style as old recordable VHS tapes worked, however with far more storage area. Although an android tv box is not as effective as luxury mobile phones and tablets, they are completely efficient in running the large bulk of apps on the app market. With this gadget practically whatever is readily available from the living-room TELEVISION. Whatever from checking out the web, inspecting e-mail and playing video games can be done on the tv. This is perfect since a tv screen is much larger than the majority of PC screens and touch screens, with a basic android powered TELEVISION box one can take pleasure in 1080p videos of their own option.
An android tv box bought from www.szdatamax.com is a terrific method of delighting in the Android experience on a bigger tv screen. With the Android 4.0 os (Ice Cream Sandwich) it can provide whatever an android gadget can do however on a tv screen. Whatever from the Apps to the web can be delighted in on this effective little gadget. All that is required is an HDMI suitable TELEVISION and a web connection and the entire Internet is at one's fingertips on a remote from the convenience of the sofa.
video size: 640x360 730x576 1024x576 1280x720 1920x1080 custom size x Advanced Embed Example Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document. .videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } show more
No one could have predicted the horrible events that took place in Las Vegas, Nevada on October 1st, 2017. But even in the face of immense tragedy, Americans showed their capacity for compassion in an overwhelming display of humanity. Here are a few small samples of their experiences.
At the off-leash area by the bridge at Coraki. Planting native shrubs, grasses and trees on the riverbank at Coraki to help improve the Richmond River and learn about riparian restoration techniques.
At the off-leash area by the bridge at Coraki. Planting native shrubs, grasses and trees on the riverbank at Coraki to help improve the Richmond River and learn about riparian restoration techniques.
A PROJECT to help restore the natural riparian vegetation along the Richmond River at Coraki and at Woodburn is getting underway.
The project is being supported by North Coast Local Land Services through funding from the Australian Government's National Landcare Program and support from Richmond Valley Council.
Bushland Restoration Services are undertaking weed management at these sites to liberate native vegetation in preparation for a planting event.
In 2014, an assessment of river and estuarine condition in the lower-Richmond Catchment gave the Richmond and associated rivers a 'D+' overall rating for environmental health.
Degradation of water quality in this catchment was attributed to soil loss through bank erosion, absence of native riparian vegetation, drainage issues and unmanaged stock accessing the river.
Flood events such as those experienced on the North Coast in April 2017 further exacerbated this degradation.
In order to improve water quality and the structural and ecological integrity of the lower Richmond river systems, local councils have identified strategic public and private lands along the major rivers where riparian (river bank) restoration management activities are underway.
The restoration and planting areas at Coraki (dog park and Memorial park) and Woodburn (opening of Rocky mouth creek and North east of the village) have high public amenity value and planting of koala food trees will help provide improved habitat.
The event will equip participants with skills to identify and manage weeds and encourage natural regeneration and will involve planting Koala food trees.
Craig Rideout, Planning Officer with Richmond Valley Council said: "In order to reverse the decline in condition of the lower Richmond from bank slumping and soil loss, land managers must recognise the importance of native vegetation for naturally protecting riverbanks.
"Native trees, shrubs and ground covers are adapted to drought and being waterlogged and are far more cost effective for stabilising riverbanks than engineered structural works,” he said.
Tree Planting & Riparian Restoration Techniques Field Day, Saturday April 212018 , 9:30 am - 12:30 pm at Coraki Dog Park at the end of Ferry Road (South of the East Bridge).
What to bring:
. Long sleeves, long pants,
. Hat
. Gloves
. Covered shoes
. Hand trowel or spade
. Bucket
. Drinking water
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Physical activity can protect you against depression regardless of your age, according to a new study.
Scientists from King's College London analysed data from 49 studies involving a total of 266,939 people, to assess whether exercise is linked to a reduced risk of developing depression.
Their analysis revealed that people who regularly exercised had lower odds of developing depression than those who did little activity.
This was the case for youths, adults and even elderly participants - showing the benefits of exercise for all age groups.
(Image: Getty)
Dr Brendon Stubbs, co-author of the study, said: “We found that higher levels of physical activity were protective from future depression in children, adults and older adults, across every continent and after taking into account other important factors such as body mass index, smoking and physical health conditions.
“Given the multitude of other health benefits of physical activity, our data add to the pressing calls to prioritise physical activity across the lifespan.”
The researchers now hope to carry out further studies to understand the effects of different types of activity and 'dosages' on subsequent risk for depression.
Dr Simon Rosenbaum, co-author of the study, added: “The challenge ahead is ensuring that this overwhelming evidence is translated into meaningful policy change that creates environments and opportunities to help everyone, including vulnerable members of our society, engage in physical activity.”
For the first time since 2002 the Washburn Ichabod softball team hoisted the MIAA trophy.
The Ichabods won 5-4 over Missouri Western in game two on Thursday, April 19th and in the process secured the outright title.
Brenda Holaday's bunch took care of business on Friday against Northwest Missouri State 5-1 and 3-2 to finish out the regular season 39-10 and won the MIAA by a whopping four games by going 23-3.
The Ichabod softball team earned the one seed in the MIAA tournament this week down in Oklahoma City. The Double elimination tournament starts on Thursday and runs till Saturday. They Ichabods will face the Emporia State Hornets who earned the eight seed.
The Washburn baseball team had a lighter week the normal with just one series over the weekend.
They earned the series win over the Bearcats of SBU down in Boliver. Washburn fell 5-2 in the series opener but then won the doubleheader the next day winning 16-1 and 8-6.
The Ichabods look to finish out the regular season strong by going for the sweep of Emporia State on Wednesday and then finish by taking on Lindenwood for the final regular season series Friday, Saturday and Sunday at Falley Field.
Brenda Holaday
Harley Douglas
The Carpenter Vs. The Gardener: Two Models Of Modern Parenting
Enlarge this image toggle caption sturti/Getty Images/Vetta sturti/Getty Images/Vetta
Parents these days are stressed. So are their kids.
The root of this anxiety, one scholar says, is the way we understand the relationship between parents and children. Alison Gopnik, a psychology and philosophy professor at the University of California, Berkeley, thinks parents—especially middle-class parents—view their children as entities they can mold into a specific image.
"The idea is that if you just do the right things, get the right skills, read the right books, you're going to be able to shape your child into a particular kind of adult," she says.
It's a view that's gained popularity in the last few decades, along with the term "parenting" — which is itself a relatively new idea.
"It's only around the 1970s in America that the word first begins to really take off," she says.
Alison has researched children's development for decades, and thinks modern views of what it means to be a parent don't align with the way children learn and grow.
"I think the science suggests that being a caregiver for human beings is...much more about providing a protected space in which unexpected things can happen than it is like shaping a child into a particular king of desirable adult."
In her latest book, The Gardener and the Carpenter, Alison lays out this science and an alternative way to think about the relationship between parents and children.
This week on Hidden Brain, two ways to approach being a parent, and the consequences.
Hidden Brain is hosted by Shankar Vedantam and produced by Maggie Penman, Jennifer Schmidt, Rhaina Cohen, Parth Shah, and Renee Klahr. Our supervising producer is Tara Boyle. You can also follow us on Twitter @hiddenbrain, and listen for Hidden Brain stories each week on your local public radio station.
I've been writing about technology, careers, science and health since 1995. I rose to the lofty heights of Executive Editor for eWEEK, popped out with the 2008 crash, joined the freelancer economy, and am still writing for my beloved peeps at places like Sophos's Naked Security, CIO Mag, ComputerWorld, PC Mag, IT Expert Voice, Software Quality Connection, Time, and the US and British editions of HP's Input/Output. I respond to cash and spicy sites, so don't be shy.
Alexandria, United States: A rifle-wielding critic of President Donald Trump opened fire Wednesday on US lawmakers practicing for a charity baseball game, seriously wounding a top Republican congressman and three others before he was killed by police.
The 66-year-old gunman was identified as James T. Hodgkinson of Belleville, Illinois, an ardent supporter of liberal Senator Bernie Sanders—who said he was “sickened” by the “despicable act.”
The attack provoked a wave of emotion on Capitol Hill, where Republicans and Democrats expressed concern over a possible rise in verbal or physical violence amid a bitterly partisan political atmosphere in the aftermath of a vitriol-filled 2016 election.
In a national address, Trump appealed for unity following the morning assault in the Washington suburb of Alexandria, Virginia. “We are strongest when we are unified and when we work together for the common good,” said the president.
Congressman Steve Scalise—the number three Republican in the House of Representatives and a strong supporter of US gun rights—underwent surgery after being shot in the left hip. He needed several blood transfusions, remains in critical condition and will require more operations, MedStar Washington Hospital Center said late Wednesday. “The bullet traveled across his pelvis, fracturing bones, injuring internal organs, and causing severe bleeding,” a statement said.
The others shot and wounded were a congressional aide, a lobbyist for Tyson Foods, and a US Capitol Police officer. A second Capitol police officer suffered non-gunshot injuries, the FBI said. Two congressmen said they had sustained minor injuries while trying to take cover.
The president and First Lady Melania Trump later visited Scalise, bringing flowers. “Just left hospital. Rep. Steve Scalise, one of the truly great people, is in very tough shape - but he is a real fighter. Pray for Steve!” Trump tweeted.
The FBI said it had recovered and was attempting to trace two weapons, a rifle and a handgun, and was actively investigating Hodgkinson's “associates, whereabouts, social media impressions, and potential motivations.” According to his Facebook page, Hodgkinson was a fervent supporter of Sanders, the feisty independent who battled Hillary Clinton for the Democratic presidential nomination last year.
The gunman's social media posts displayed strong anti-Trump sentiment. “I know he wasn't happy with the way things were going, the election results and stuff,” his brother, Michael Hodgkinson, told The New York Times.
Sanders swiftly responded to report the suspect had volunteered on his presidential campaign. “I am sickened by this despicable act,” he said. “Let me be as clear as I can be. Violence of any kind is unacceptable in our society and I condemn this action in the strongest possible terms.”
Despite the shooting, the annual congressional baseball game will go ahead Thursday as planned at Nationals Park. “It will be play ball tomorrow night at 7:05,” Congressman Joe Barton, manager of the Republican team, said at a news conference with Mike Doyle, the Democratic team manager.
Doyle put his hand on Barton's shoulder several times as the Republican, who was at the practice with his son, recalled the horror of realizing that friends and co-workers were under attack. “You know, it shouldn't take an incident like this to bring us together,” Doyle said.
After an all-members briefing where Democrats and Republicans held hands and prayed, House Speaker Paul Ryan and top Democrat Nancy Pelosi addressed the somber chamber and proclaimed lawmakers were “united.” Democrats, advocates of stronger gun control legislation, appeared reluctant to reopen the debate but Trump supporter and former House speaker Newt Gingrich denounced what he said was “the increasing intensity of hostility on the left”.
The last gun attack against a member of Congress was in January 2011 in Tucson, Arizona, when Gabrielle Giffords, a Democrat, was shot in the head but survived an assault that killed six people.
Wednesday's shooting took place just after 11.00am GMT as the Republican team practised for the charity showdown. Congressman Rodney Davis told CNN he was at the plate at the time, and Scalise was in the field at second base. “I was batting, we heard a loud noise.... The next thing I remember was somebody on the field yelling, ‘Run, he's got a gun.'”
Alexandria police chief Michael Brown said his officers arrived within minutes and engaged Hodgkinson, together with Capitol Police officers. The gunman was taken into custody and later died of his injuries.
Lawmaker Jeff Duncan said he was leaving the practice when he was approached by a man he later learned was the shooter, who asked if the team was Republican or Democrat before heading toward the field. “I'm shaken up,” Duncan said. “My colleagues were targeted today by someone that wanted to kill them.”
Barton had arrived at the US Capitol still wearing his red baseball uniform. “The heroes are the police officers who attacked the shooter, and in doing so quite probably saved many, many lives.”
Scalise, a conservative from the southern state of Louisiana, backs arms rights and last month introduced legislation that relaxes restrictions on interstate gun sales.
Several Democrats were practicing at a different field when they heard of the shooting, and immediately gathered to pray for their wounded colleague. Democrat Nanette Barragan said it will be “bittersweet” when she takes the field for her first congressional baseball game Thursday. “We're going to look over our shoulder a little bit,” she said.
New Delhi: India and the European Union on Friday adopted a declaration to counterterrorism as they discussed ways to strengthen their cooperation in key areas of trade and security during the 14th summit between Prime Minister Narendra Modi and the top EU leadership here.
"Leaders of India and EU agreed on stronger cooperation to act against global terrorists and terror entities including Hafiz Saeed, Zakiur Rehman Lakhvi, Dawood Ibrahim, Lashkar-eTaiba, Jaish e Mohammad, Hizbul Mujaheedin, Haqqani Network, Al Qaeda, ISIS and affiliates," said Ruchi Ghanshyam, secretary in the MEA.
Also Read: India, European Union agree to combat terror, resume talks on free trade
PM Modi, while addressing a joint press event with the EU leaders, said,"We have agreed to strengthen our security cooperation and work together against terrorism. We will not only further strengthen our bilateral cooperation on this issue, but will also increase our cooperation and coordination in multilateral fora."
The Prime Minister said both sides agreed to cooperate on global issues and work together on climate change.
"Our multi-dimensional relations and strategic partnership is of prime importance," he said, adding that relations between the two sides had been reinforced following the 13th India-EU Summit at Brussels last year.
India and the EU also held extensive discussions on bilateral, regional and international issues, including the Rohingya crisis and volatile situation in the Korean peninsula.
Prime Minister Modi told reporters that the two sides have agreed to work in close cooperation against terrorism. "We have agreed to strengthen our security cooperation and work together against terrorism. We will not only further strengthen our bilateral cooperation on this issue, but will also increase our cooperation and coordination in multilateral fora," PTI quoted the Prime Minister as saying.
After the summit, India and the EU also inked three pacts which included one on an international solar alliance. "We have adopted a joint declaration on counter-terrorism in which we agreed to counter violent extremism and radicalisation, particularly online, and to deal effectively with the threat by foreign terrorist fighters, terrorist financing and arms supply," PTI quoted European Council President Donald Franciszek Tusk as saying.
The EU is India's largest regional trading partner with bilateral trade in goods at USD 88 billion in 2016. It also remains the largest destination for Indian exports and a key source of investment and technologies.
The two sides have been strategic partners since 2004 and held the 13th India-EU summit in Brussels last year during Prime Minister Modi's visit to Europe.
"I first joined the Army in 1985, my grandfather served in WWII and the honor of serving my country was something I had always aspired towards as a young man," said Sgt. Cristofaro Liovvi, a knowledge management NCO with the 316th Sustainment Command (Expeditionary), an Army Reserve unit from Coraopolis, Pa. "I left the military to start a family and after a 15 year break in service, the attacks on September 11 reinvigorated my sense of patriotism I came back into the military to do my part. The camaraderie and friendships I have found in the Army are irreplaceable and I'm proud of what I do here," Liovvi added. The 316th ESC is currently deployed to Camp Arifjan, Kuwait in support of the 1st Theater Sustainment Command mission of providing logistics support throughout the CENTCOM area of operations. (U.S. Army photo by Sgt. Christopher Bigelow)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 12.08.2016 Date Posted: 01.02.2017 06:17 Photo ID: 3082963 VIRIN: 161208-A-PF724-002 Resolution: 2848x4288 Size: 7.35 MB Location: CAMP ARIFJAN, KW Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Soldier Spotlight [Image 1 of 28], by SGT Christopher Bigelow, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
The Big Bang Theory is one of the most popular sitcoms in the US, and around the world. When we heard a future episode would include content around cryptocurrency Bitcoin, it got us exciting and concerned about them doing justice in explaining the fairly complicated subject to a mass audience. Now Season 11, Episode 09 has been broadcast, we have our answer.
As you probably expect, its an extremely rudimentary explanation of what Bitcoin is, followed by some basic jokes around its volatility and practical uses. That issue aside, its perhaps the price fluctuation that makes the episode even more interesting. In the episode get a Dr Sheldon Cooper (Jim Parsons) introducing the topic, referencing an article on Bitcoin he sent to the group. This was followed by a line from Howard Wolowitz (Simon Helberg) about Bitcoin's price being ‘around $5,000 dollars'. Since filming (we guess around October), the price of Bitcoin has skyrocketed to now be worth US$16,495.38 at the time of writing, some 3 times the reference in the show.
Generally shows like this will stay away from real numbers and events that can place the episode filming at a specific date to make them almost timeless, as many sitcoms enjoy long lives of re-runs well into the future. The show had little choice, it had to make a reference to the price to show its significance in the cast tracking down Bitcoins they mined, some ‘7 years ago'. In 2010, the Bitcoin had only just begun, with the price sitting around $0.06 in July of that year.
There's a limited amount and we find it not by tunneling into the earth, but by using a computer to solve complex mathematical problems.
The clip from the episode is available below, with the whole conversation, including a flashback sequence lasting just 4 minutes. Ultimately BBT's take on Bitcoin was a disappointment to Bitcoin enthusiasts, given the show often consults experts in science when discussing deep and complex topics like quantum mechanics, black holes, or the Large Hadron Collider.
White Sox rally for 12-8 win over Reds in 12 innings
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-5', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 5', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-10', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 10', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-12', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 12', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
Photo: Gary Landers, AP Image 1 of / 12 Caption Close Image 1 of 12 Chicago White Sox's Daniel Palka, left, is congratulated on a two-run home run off Cincinnati Reds starting pitcher Anthony DeSclafani by Kevan Smith, right, during the fourth inning of a baseball game, Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Cincinnati. less Chicago White Sox's Daniel Palka, left, is congratulated on a two-run home run off Cincinnati Reds starting pitcher Anthony DeSclafani by Kevan Smith, right, during the fourth inning of a baseball game, ... more Photo: Gary Landers, AP Image 2 of 12 Chicago White Sox right fielder Daniel Palka, center, is congratulated in the dugout following a two-run home run off Cincinnati Reds starting pitcher Anthony DeSclafani during the fourth inning of a baseball game, Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Cincinnati. less Chicago White Sox right fielder Daniel Palka, center, is congratulated in the dugout following a two-run home run off Cincinnati Reds starting pitcher Anthony DeSclafani during the fourth inning of a baseball ... more Photo: Gary Landers, AP Image 3 of 12 Cincinnati Reds second baseman Scooter Gennett (3) is congratulated on his two-run homer off Chicago White Sox starting pitcher Lucas Giolito by Jose Peraza, right, during the first inning of a baseball game, Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Cincinnati. less Cincinnati Reds second baseman Scooter Gennett (3) is congratulated on his two-run homer off Chicago White Sox starting pitcher Lucas Giolito by Jose Peraza, right, during the first inning of a baseball game, ... more Photo: Gary Landers, AP Image 4 of 12 Cincinnati Reds's Adam Duvall (23) and Eugenio Suarez (7) celebrate Duvall's three-run home run off Chicago White Sox starting pitcher Lucas Giolito during the fifth inning of a baseball game, Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Cincinnati. less Cincinnati Reds's Adam Duvall (23) and Eugenio Suarez (7) celebrate Duvall's three-run home run off Chicago White Sox starting pitcher Lucas Giolito during the fifth inning of a baseball game, Tuesday, July 3, ... more Photo: Gary Landers, AP Image 5 of 12 Image 6 of 12 Cincinnati Reds' Adam Duvall follows through on a three-run home run off Chicago White Sox starting pitcher Lucas Giolito during the fifth inning of a baseball game, Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Cincinnati. Cincinnati Reds' Adam Duvall follows through on a three-run home run off Chicago White Sox starting pitcher Lucas Giolito during the fifth inning of a baseball game, Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Cincinnati. Photo: Gary Landers, AP Image 7 of 12 Chicago White Sox starting pitcher Lucas Giolito (27) reacts after giving up a two-run home run to Cincinnati Reds third baseman Eugenio Suarez during the first inning of a baseball game, Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Cincinnati. less Chicago White Sox starting pitcher Lucas Giolito (27) reacts after giving up a two-run home run to Cincinnati Reds third baseman Eugenio Suarez during the first inning of a baseball game, Tuesday, July 3, 2018, ... more Photo: Gary Landers, AP Image 8 of 12 Cincinnati Reds' Jose Peraza, left, slides into third with a triple, as Chicago White Sox third baseman Yolmer Sanchez (5) attempts the tag during the first inning of a baseball game, Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Cincinnati. less Cincinnati Reds' Jose Peraza, left, slides into third with a triple, as Chicago White Sox third baseman Yolmer Sanchez (5) attempts the tag during the first inning of a baseball game, Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in ... more Photo: Gary Landers, AP Image 9 of 12 Cincinnati Reds starting pitcher Anthony DeSclafani (28) reacts to giving up a two-run home run to Chicago White Sox's Daniel Palka during the fourth inning of a baseball game, Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Cincinnati. less Cincinnati Reds starting pitcher Anthony DeSclafani (28) reacts to giving up a two-run home run to Chicago White Sox's Daniel Palka during the fourth inning of a baseball game, Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in ... more Photo: Gary Landers, AP Image 10 of 12 Image 11 of 12 Cincinnati Reds interim manager Jim Riggleman, left, has a few words for home plate umpire Dan Iassogna, right, after being ejected during the 12th inning of the team's baseball game against the Chicago White Sox, Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Cincinnati. The White Sox won 12-8 in 12 innings. less Cincinnati Reds interim manager Jim Riggleman, left, has a few words for home plate umpire Dan Iassogna, right, after being ejected during the 12th inning of the team's baseball game against the Chicago White ... more Photo: Gary Landers, AP Image 12 of 12 White Sox rally for 12-8 win over Reds in 12 innings 1 / 12 Back to Gallery
CINCINNATI (AP) — A pair of two-homer performances. A bases-loaded triple, followed by another triple. So many unusual things went into Chicago's biggest comeback of the season that even the White Sox had trouble keeping track.
No matter. They'll take it.
Daniel Palka and Avisail Garcia each homered twice, and Yoan Moncada tripled with the bases loaded in the 12th inning as the White Sox pulled off their biggest comeback and beat the Cincinnati Reds 12-8 on Tuesday night.
"Well, a lot going on today," manager Rick Renteria said.
It was a night of non-stop offense, right from the outset.
Trailing 7-2 after five innings, the White Sox pulled even in the ninth on Garcia's solo homer off Raisel Iglesias, then pulled it out with the help of a couple of Reds errors.
"That last inning was tough," said Reds second baseman Scooter Gennett, whose error opened the way.
The White Sox loaded the bases with a walk and two errors. Moncada's opposite-field triple off Jackson Stephens (2-1) broke the tie, and Yolmer Sanchez followed with another triple.
Hector Santiago (3-3) fanned six in two innings as the White Sox extended their domination in the interleague series. They're 17-5 all-time against the Reds, including 11-3 in Cincinnati.
"Surreal," said Chicago starter Lucas Giolito, who gave up three homers but wound up on the winning side. "From my perspective, I didn't get the job done. It's an awesome feeling that these guys play hard behind you."
Jim Riggleman was ejected by plate umpire Eric Cooper during Chicago's winning rally, his first ejection as the Reds' interim manager. They had words as Riggleman was signaling from the dugout for an intentional walk.
"Then he made some comment that I didn't like," Riggleman said. "That's kind of how the whole game went."
The Reds got the better of a free-swinging game early on, surging ahead 4-0 before Giolito could record an out. Jose Peraza opened with a triple, Gennett hit his 14th homer , Joey Votto walked, and Eugenio Suarez followed with his 17th homer . Suarez performed a salsa dance with Votto after he crossed the plate.
Adam Duvall added a three-run shot into the upper deck in left field in the fifth inning off Giolito for a 7-2 lead, the second time in his career that the right-hander has allowed three homers in a game.
Anthony DeSclafani also gave up a career-high three homers — two by Palka and one by Garcia, who went 3 for 6 and extended his hitting streak to a career-high 13 games.
INTERLEAGUE
The White Sox are 4-10 in interleague play this season. The Reds are 7-2. The loss snapped their streak of six straight wins against the AL.
LONG TIME COMING
The last time the White Sox and Reds played an extra-inning game was Game 6 of the "Black Sox" World Series in 1919. Chicago won that game 5-4 in 10 innings at Crosley Field.
HOMECOMING
Giolito started the Futures Game as part of the All-Star festivities at Great American Ball Park in 2015 and pitched two scoreless innings .
SLOPPY, SLOPPY
The Reds committed a season-high four errors — two by Suarez at third, one by Peraza at shortstop and one by Gennett at second base.
ROBBED ... SORT OF
Sanchez's triple in the 12th came on a weird play. Right fielder Brandon Dixon stretched above the wall and grabbed the fly ball — robbing Sanchez of a homer — but the glove flipped off his hand as he hit the wall and the ball deflected back onto the field.
TRAINER'S ROOM
White Sox: Jose Abreu was out of the lineup a day after he fouled a pitch off his left ankle. X-rays were negative. Abreu pinch hit in the 11th inning and grounded out.
Reds: Homer Bailey threw 103 pitches in 6 2/3 innings of a rehab appearance for Triple-A Louisville on Tuesday night, giving up one run and seven hits while fanning eight. Bailey has been sidelined since June 2 by a sore right knee.
UP NEXT
White Sox: Dylan Covey (3-3) is 0-1 with a 12.71 ERA in his last three starts, walking 12 in 11 1/3 innings and giving up 16 runs.
Reds: Sal Romano (4-8) went 1-2 with a 3.90 ERA in five June starts. He's been limited to five innings in four of his last six starts.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
The FBI agent killed Friday night when he was struck by a vehicle along Interstate 270 was the epitome of the American dream, and his family is finding his tragic loss unfathomable. Family members sat down with WTOP and reminisced about the kind of person Carlos Wolff was. See photos.
WASHINGTON — The FBI agent killed Friday night when he was struck by a vehicle along Interstate 270 was the epitome of the American dream, and his family is finding his tragic loss unfathomable.
A driver struck Carlos Wolff and Sander Cohen, a volunteer firefighter, as they stood near Wolff's disabled vehicle.
Carlos, 36, and his family moved to Gaithersburg, Maryland, from Venezuela in the late 1980s, and worked their way up from there. Carlos was only the third oldest, but he was the first son and unequivocally the big brother.
Carlos leaves behind a wife, two children, ages 2 and 7, his parents and five siblings.
His family sat down and talked with WTOP over the weekend. The stories the Wolff family told about Carlos described a man who lead with humility, love and wit.
“He took charge of the siblings, and of the family,” says Chris Wolff, who would follow his brother Carlos into law enforcement. “No matter what.”
Carlos was described as the first to raid the fridge while on vacation, and the first to step in to help no matter how big or small the situation was. Jorge Wolff, Carlos' father, says his oldest son picked up his knack for woodworking, and the rest of the family says that pretty easily extended into every other sort of household project you could imagine.
“Whether you had a leaky toilet,” noted Chris Wolff.
“Whatever you had around the house,” added Brian Pickering, Carlos' brother-in-law. “He was great with the projects around the house and making things look great.”
“He'd get a phone call and be like ‘Oh, gotta go,'” conceded Carlos' wife, Marla.
Tears still strain Marla's voice.
“Carlos was such a great guy,” she says. “He was more popular than I was anywhere that I went.”
“He really cared about people and when they talked to him he was really listening to them, he wasn't just making small talk. I actually remember at my last work party, there was a line for him, like an actual line.”
“He loved his children so much. They're going to miss their daddy so much.”
His sister, Alejandra Wolff-Pickering, started her story by saying “if you ever went to a wedding, you knew exactly where Carlos would be,” before pausing to laugh and say “the old people's table.”
“He was the only one who could sit there and talk to somebody who was 5 years old and 100 years old, and he could talk for hours. But then he would also ask you 100 questions.”
Carlos never talked about his work. One of his brother's children thought Carlos was just the guy who drove the bus at church. But it's known the agent of 11 years worked in the FBI's criminal division, and his father Jorge believes there were a few moments when Carlos was involved in some dangerous situations, but he would usually tell people he spent the day checking badges.
Carlos Woff graduated from Watkins Mill High School in 1999, and went on to get a degree at American University. The family that moved around Gaithersburg together working their way up the ladder remains extremely close — cousins know each other as siblings — and no one lives more than a quick drive away from each other.
This all came out in an interview that was supposed to start with just one brother and sister, but quickly turned into a family gathering of stories, where even the spouses of Carlos' siblings spoke admirably of a man.
The other aspect of Carlos' personality that quickly became apparent was his faith. His father, clutching a bible full of passages Carlos had highlighted and made notes about, says that faith is what the family is holding on to during this trying time.
Jorge Wolff says a recent Christmas play that Carlos led at his church centered on a story about an FBI agent “looking for Jesus.”
“Many, many people are afraid of the dead, because they don't know where they're going,” Jorge Wolff said. “But when you know where you're going and you know it's a nice place you're going happy. That's the difference between being a ‘Christian,'” he said, using his hands as air quotes, “and a Christian. And that was Carlos, our son.”
Like WTOP on Facebook and follow @WTOP on Twitter to engage in conversation about this article and others.
© 2017 WTOP. All Rights Reserved.
(ABC News) — A 100-year-old Dallas, Texas, runner continues to show the world that you are only as old as you feel.
This weekend, Orville Rogers won big at the 2018 USATF Masters Indoor Track and Field Championships in Landover, Maryland.
“How great it feels at the age of 100 to break five new world track records and to bring home the gold,” he told ABC News today.
In the 100 to 104 age categories, Rogers set new records in the 60-meter, 200-meter, 400-meter, 800-meter and 1,500-meter events. And, he did it with his family cheering him on every step of the way.
The former World War II veteran was a bomber pilot who later became a commercial pilot. Rogers started running at the age of 50 and began competing in track meets when he turned 90.
Rogers, also the author of “The Running Man,” said he trains every other day and runs three times a week.
Rogers, a widower, has four children, three of whom are still alive; 14 grandchildren; and 11 great-grandchildren.
“We're a very close family,” he told ABC News. “We take family vacations every summer for 44 years now and we enjoy getting together anywhere.”
In November, Rogers led partygoers as they collectively ran 100 miles at White Rock Lake in Dallas in celebration of his birthday.
“I live life with a capital ‘L,'” he told ABC affiliate WFAA-TV in November.
OPINION
DAVID Leyonhjelm's hopes of fluking a third election to the Senate have been boosted by the controversy he started and has worked hard to prolong.
After a 40-year dismal trudge through unwelcoming political territory Mr Leyonhjelm would think he's finally playing with the grown-ups.
The "slut-shaming" argument with Greens senator Sarah Hanson-Young has brought him into the media big-time.
Once limited to appearances on zany and largely unwatched TV shows, he has in recent days been interviewed on mainstream programs such as Ten's The Project and ABC's 7.30.
It's national exposure he has not earned during four years in the Senate. He has taken more from federal politics than he has contributed and has been treated as a quirk at best.
But suddenly his quirkiness and fringe appeal are big news.
Important for him, he has been able to lay out his angry white man credentials, skilfully appealing to that frothing group and associated cranky electors.
Picking a fight with an outspoken woman from the Greens wouldn't hurt him with that group of voters.
And he needs the exposure if he hopes to win the election expected in the first half of next year.
Angela Bishop confronts David Leyonhjelm on Studio 10.
Mr Leyonhjelm's hope would be there is a significant NSW constituency determined to not support the major parties. They are favouring One Nation and right-wing independents and he wants them to include him in their considerations.
His party, the Liberal Democrats, is hardly a household name and nor is Mr Leyonhjelm. Or it wasn't until he insulted Senator Sarah Hanson-Young.
In the 2013 election he stood as a Liberal Democrat candidate, and had the good luck of the party being given the number one position on a long, long ballot paper for the NSW senators. There was confusion between the Liberal Party of Australia and the Liberal Democrats.
That helped the Liberal Democrat ticket reach a primary vote of close to 10 per cent - remarkable for a party which was little known and whose contribution to policy debate was non-existent. David Leyonhjelm directly received about 1600 votes.
He next contested the 2016 election and again got lucky.
It was a double-dissolution election which meant only half the quota of a regular, half Senate election was being needed.
That 10 per cent of 2013 dropped to just under four per cent and the Leyonhjelm vote went to 5400, but with preferences he was back in the Senate.
Next year, when it's again a normal half Senate election and a full quota required, he will need more than luck.
The problems for this strategy is that in the process he is harming his chances with 51 per cent of the electorate - women voters.
And it could be that the bracket of angry male voters he is counting on already knows of him from is appearances on their favoured political talk shows.
One other problem could be his running mate.
Former Labor leader Mark Latham, a Liberal Democrat since May last year, is considering standing for the party at the state or federal level.
If he tried for the Senate the better-known Mr Latham could crowd out Mr Leyonhjelm.
BASEBALL
WASHINGTON (AP) — House Majority Whip Steve Scalise threw out the ceremonial first pitch before Game 1 of the NL Division Series between the Washington Nationals and Chicago Cubs.
The Louisiana Republican made a triumphant return to the House last week — more than three months after he was wounded while practicing for an annual charity baseball game featuring members of Congress.
Scalise wore a red Nationals jersey with his name and No. 3 on the back. He threw to U.S. Capitol Police officer David Bailey while holding onto a walker stationed a few feet in front of the mound.
Scalise, Bailey and two others were wounded when a gunman opened fire at the practice. Zack Barth and Matt Mika, the other shooting victims, were honored after the pitch.
NEW YORK (AP) — Arizona coach Ariel Prieto and the Diamondbacks have been fined by Major League Baseball for his wearing an Apple Watch in the dugout during the NL wild-card win over Colorado.
MLB announced the discipline two days after the game.
The commissioner's office said in a statement that it interviewed Prieto and examined his watch and cellphone. It said it “found no evidence that Mr. Prieto used the Apple Watch or cellphone for any purpose in the dugout, nor any baseball-related communication on either device, during Wednesday's game.”
Prieto and the team were fined because he violated a regulation, and MLB will donate the fine money to hurricane relief efforts in Puerto Rico.
Last month, the Boston Red Sox were fined by MLB for using an Apple Watch to relay signs to hitters.
COLLEGE BASKETBALL
LOUISVILLE, Ky. (AP) — Louisville has placed associate basketball coach Kenny Johnson and assistant Jordan Fair on paid administrative leave while the school handles its involvement in a national federal investigation of the sport.
Fair and Johnson didn't participate in practices conducted this week by interim coach David Padgett, who was named Sept. 29 as Rick Pitino's replacement. Pitino is on unpaid administrative leave and facing dismissal after 16 seasons.
Vince Tyra was named acting athletic director on Tuesday in place of Tom Jurich, who's on paid leave pending an Oct. 18 review by trustees. Tyra said in a release that the school is doing due diligence while cooperating with federal authorities and called the decisions regarding Fair and Johnson “an appropriate step at this time.”
Johnson is in his fourth season with Louisville; it's Fair's second season on the staff.
Basketball spokesman Kenny Klein said that staffers Michael Bowden, Logan Baumann and R.J. Evans have been placed in temporary coaching roles.
SOCCER
LONDON (AP) — The regional blockade on Qatar poses “no risk” to the 2022 World Cup going ahead, the tournament head said, maintaining that logistical obstacles are being overcome and building work is continuing with only “minimal” cost increases.
The energy-rich nation's land border and its air and sea routes have been closed off for four months since Bahrain, Egypt, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates launched an economic boycott. It has forced World Cup organizers to find alternative sources for materials to complete the venues being used by the region's first major soccer tournament.
The diplomatic crisis that has torn apart the Gulf Cooperation Council stems from allegations Qatar supports for extremist groups in the region, charges denied by Doha.
When Qatar's sole land border with Saudi Arabia was closed and sea traffic cut off, World Cup organizers were forced to instigate their “Plan B,” including brining in supplies from Turkey. The Qataris express confidence FIFA is not exploring a “Plan B” of its own for an alternate 2022 host.
OLYMPICS
ZURICH (AP) — After being arrested in Rio de Janeiro and accused of storing gold bars in Switzerland, Brazilian Olympic Committee president Carlos Nuzman was suspended by the IOC.
The decision came hours after Brazilian authorities investigating a 2016 Olympic vote-buying case asked for help from prosecutors in Switzerland.
The Brazilian Olympic Committee was also provisionally suspended and had its funding frozen. The world Olympic body also further cut ties with the Nuzman-led Rio Games organizing committee which still has unpaid debts.
Nuzman, a 75-year-old lawyer, was also removed from the IOC's panel overseeing preparations for the 2020 Tokyo Olympics.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
/
Your virtual storefront needs to be as inviting as a real one.
April 24, 2018 4 min read
Opinions expressed by Entrepreneur contributors are their own.
Running a startup in the social media space has led to numerous conversations with founders, professionals and others about the significance and value of social media. Social media is the digital representation of your brand. Whether you like it or not. It's the easiest way to communicate with your customers, users or fans of your brand. It's also the easiest way to shape the perception of your brand. I began to realize some intriguing similarities between how a business owner would treat the physical representation of a business such as a storefront and its representation on social media.
Related: The Modern Storefront: What Instagram Could Mean For Your Business
Name
One of the most exciting moments for a business owner is naming his or her business. It's typically an “AHA” moment when the right words roll off your tongue. Then you start to immediately think about the next steps in protecting your name. But what about social media handles on Instagram, Twitter, Youtube, etc.? It's important to make sure you reserve the name of your business on all social media platforms as soon as you can. This goes for your personal brand online as well. The brand consistency makes it easy for your fans to be able to discover your brand and engage. I've seen businesses (personal and company) begging Instagram owners with particular handles to retrieve them.
Related: 8 Ways to Pick a Great Name for Your Business
Location
Location is critical for any storefront. Deciding where to establish your business has an impact on the type of customer you will attract, how your storefront is perceived and how respected it is. When considering “location” for your social media content consider what your primary platforms are.
If you are creating content geared towards business professionals perhaps you should consider making LinkedIn a primary focus. That isn't to say there aren't business professionals on Twitter or Instagram, but there's a chance you can build an audience more quickly through Linkedin with written content appealing to a “business-centric” platform. If you are in the fashion industry or building a attractive aesthetic is important Instagram should play a role. Knowing where to focus your attention is crucial. Long form video content may make Youtube compelling. On the other hand short digestible video clips may be better served on Instagram.
Related: How to Choose the Best Social Media Platform for Your Business
Aesthetic/Brand
Think about all the business establishments you have gone to. If the decor seemed off or the branding wasn't well put together it would be quite noticeable. Whether it was the color scheme, logo, lighting, etc. These all play a role on our thoughts about the business. It can be somewhat of an indicator to us as to how seriously the company cares about its perception and may even affect our spending behavior. The same applies to social media. How carefully a brand depicts itself on Instagram gives users a good idea of how seriously they take their brand and its perception. On Instagram use consistent editing with regards to content (video or images). Consider following a particular style or format and stick with it. On Twitter use hashtags associated with your brand to help people keep tabs.
Related: 20 Tips to Organically Market Your Brand on Instagram (Infographic)
Consistent Content/Product
Consistency is key. Imagine going to a restaurant and every time you went they didn't have what you wanted on the menu. “Sorry we ran out.”
It would be pretty annoying and not to mention frustrating. Or every time you went to your favorite boutique shop for that shirt you want to wear on a date and they don't have it in stock. On social media if you aren't consistently creating and posting it makes it difficult to justify users or fans coming to your page. They never know if there will be content for them to consume or if you are just on hiatus. It doesn't always have to be original content. You can repost content and give credit to the original creator as well. Just make sure to have a content creation schedule and stick to the schedule.
A Denver jury found fully in pop singer Taylor Swift's favor Monday, delivering a unanimous verdict in a trial over whether she was groped by a former radio host during a Denver meet-and-greet. Wanting the trial to serve as an "example to other women," the star had sought a single dollar in damages, which she was granted.
In his closing statements, Swift's lawyer Douglas Baldridge referenced the example that Swift hoped her suit could be for others in similar situations "by returning a verdict on Ms. Swift's counterclaim for a single dollar — a single symbolic dollar, the value of which is immeasurable to all women in this situation."
In his own closing arguments, David Mueller's attorney Gabriel McFarland wondered why his client would introduce himself by name and then almost immediately after, reach under the skirt of "one of the planet's, one of the country's, the biggest superstars?"
The case was largely fought on the credibility of Swift and Mueller.
Late this past Friday, a federal judge threw out part of the case brought against Swift by Mueller, saying he had not proved Swift had set out to get him fired.
Swift countersued Mueller for sexual assault after his own suit was filed in 2015, leading to the Denver trial, which began jury selection last Monday. Swift initially had sought to keep the incident quiet.
By Friday, most of the principals in the case had been heard from — most notably Swift herself, who had several sharp rejoinders to questions from Mueller's attorney. Asked about Mueller's firing, Swift responded: "I am not going to allow your client to make me feel like it is any way my fault, because it isn't."
CHRISTMAS in Cooroy was another huge success, with thousands of people jumping into the cornucopia of Christmas activities, despite a little rain.
Friday night kicked off with the official turning on of the beautiful Studio Steel Christmas tree.
Year 6 Cooroy State School student Anjali, who had a stroke earlier in the year, had set herself a goal to be able to walk to do the official duty of turning on tree.
The crowd were touched by her tenacity and cheered her on as she made the walk to the tree.
Lane Hoffman and Alex Blake were the winners of the Great Santa Race, with about 30 competitors donned in Santa suits racing up the main street of Cooroy.
Spectators lined the street for the street parade and the floats were top quality again.
More than 30 businesses and community groups participated and the Stories, Books & Authors theme was a big hit with young and old alike.
Please fill out the information below to Subscribe to Hurleys Media LTD. This will allow you to post comments on articles, get notifications on upcoming events and MORE!
Naples, December 11 - A judge has been put under house arrest for allegedly giving friends favourable rulings, sources said on Monday. Judge Mario Pagano, who was working for the Reggio Calabria court after previously serving in Salerno, allegedly "acted for some time to favour entrepreneurs with whom he was linked by a consolidated relationship of friendship", according to Naples prosecutors. The prosecutors said this led to "favourable outcomes" for those friends and "various benefits" for the judge in exchange. photo: Reggio Calabria courthouse.
New Delhi: The Congress on Monday rejected as "entirely false, baseless and fabrication" a report that Priyanka Gandhi Vadra may be named the party's working president.
Congress spokesperson Randeep Singh Surjewala said the report was a "mischievous instance of fake news and unnecessary speculation".
Surjewala also tweeted:
Instead of false & baseless fake news & unnecessary speculation, pl see the challenges before Nation pointed by CWC. https://t.co/6gpvLoxJyO — Randeep S Surjewala (@rssurjewala) August 14, 2017
On the other hand, senior Congress leader Anand Sharma said the news report was "laughable" and "planted".
"This is laughable that the media takes planted news seriously. This is mischievous and a fabrication. We reject it but let me caution the media, don't walk into a trap of planted news. This is to distract attention and focus from what is happening - from the failures of this government, non-performance, non-deliverance, rising terror attacks and killings of soldiers and jawans," as per IANS.
Sharma added, "They don't want to discuss these issues and also what has happened in Gorakhpur."
On August 08, Congress president Sonia Gandhi had said that the party must defend liberty and freedom of individuals and institutions and had accused the BJP government of encouraging those who flouted the law and unleashed oppression.
Speaking at a special CWC meeting to commemorate the 75th anniversary of the Quit India Movement, she had also expressed concerns over the rise in cases of "self vigilantism" and had said that not a day passed when the liberty of individuals was trampled upon.
"The Congress party must always remain on the frontline in defence of liberty and numerous values associated with liberty, and the institutions that go with it. We must never bow before those who assault the liberty of the individual and of society," she had said.
Hitting out at the BJP and the RSS, she had said that as the Congress saluted the patriots who struggled, "we must not forget that there were organisations and individuals who opposed the 1942 movement and actually collaborated with the colonial government. Their political descendants are the very people who today hold high office and have arrogated to themselves the role of torch bearers of our freedom," as per PTI.
The CWC had passed two resolutions on the 75th anniversary of the Quit India movement and had rededicated itself to uphold and defend the idea of India as envisioned by the leaders of the freedom movement.
It had also resolved to fight back and defeat the forces which sought to destroy the country's heritage.
Party vice president Rahul Gandhi had skipped the meeting as he was down with a viral infection and Sonia had chaired it.
A number of top Congress leaders including AK Antony, Ghulam Nabi Azad, Mallikarjun Kharge, P Chidambaram, Ambika Soni, Karan Singh, Digivijay Singh and Anand Sharma had attended it.
(With Agency inputs)
The Worst Accents And Best Props From Movies In 2017 It's the time of year when you start hearing superlative lists — best of, worst of, least, most, etc. This week on All Things Considered you'll hear some "Highly Specific Superlatives." First up, a movie roundup including best prop trend, worst accent and best coats.
Deutsche Bank outlines organisation of revamped investment bank
FRANKFURT, June 15 Deutsche Bank has outlined clearly differentiated roles for the co-heads of its revamped investment bank to make it more efficient and is also creating a new global markets division.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Claude Puel aims to sign Porto right-back Ricardo Pereira as he prepares to replace Danny Simpson at Leicester.
The Foxes have dropped to ninth in the Premier League after one point from their last three games.
But boss Puel hopes to remain in charge and is urging the club's Thai owners to back his plans for a summer overhaul.
He wants a new attacking right-back and has worked with Portuguese international Pereira,24, previously on loan at Nice.
Pereira is believed to have a release clause of around £36million but his contract is up next summer and Leicester are offering around £22m.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: Getty)
He is in demand after two goals and six assists in 31 games across the Primeira Liga and Champions League.
While title-winning right-back Simpson, 31, who has just one year left on his contract, was dropped for City's last game when winger Marc Albrighton was preferred.
Leicester scouts are also closely monitoring Aston Villa attacking midfielder Jack Grealish, 22, who has been in fine form recently.
PinkMirror is the revolutionary tool that offers free photo editing solutions to people who are not comfortable with how they look in pictures. Using their marvelous highly technological methods it ensures that you are satisfied with the end results and you will become a recurring customer. It is a powerful and popular tool for it […]
Click here for SCORES
PLAYING XIs
SRH: Wriddhiman Saha (wk), Shikhar Dhawan, Kane Williamson (c), Manish Pandey, Shakib Al Hasan, Yusuf Pathan, Mohammad Nabi, Rashid Khan, Basil Thampi, Sandeep Sharma, Siddarth Kaul
MI: Suryakumar Yadav, Evin Lewis, Ishan Kishan (wk), Rohit Sharma (c), Kieron Pollard, Krunal Pandya, Hardik Pandya, M McClenaghan, Mayank Markande, Jasprit Bumrah, Mustafizur Rahman
TEAM NEWS
Good news for SRH. Shikhar Dhawan has recovered from his elbow injury and is back in the XI. Mumbai are going in with the same XI as their last match.
TOSS NEWS
Rohit Sharma wins the toss and MI have decided to field first.
Hello and welcome to the score updates from match No. 23 of IPL 2018 to be played between MI and SRH at Mumbai's Wankhede Stadium. While we wait for the toss news, here's the match preview to whet your appetite.
MATCH PREVIEW
Under pressure after slumping to their fourth loss in five games, defending champions Mumbai Indians have the onerous task of re-discovering their winning touch when they lock horns with Sunrisers Hyderabad in an IPL match here on Tuesday.
MI had started their campaign with three losses on the trot before a victory over Royal Challengers Bangalore arrested the streak, but the three-wicket defeat yesterday in Jaipur to Rajasthan Royals, their fourth last-over setback, has put them under tremendous pressure.
With nine games left before the play-off stage, MI find themselves in a difficult situation to win at least seven of them to improve their chances. As such, a win over SRH tomorrow is imperative to keep them in the hunt.
Sunrisers too have slipped from their earlier top perch after suffering back-to-back defeats, following three straight wins, and would be as keen to bounce back to winning ways.
MI's campaign has been led from the front by local product Suryakumar Yadav who has been the top batsman with a consistent run of good scores in the opening slot which has left him four short of reaching the 200 mark for the season.
However, lack of runs from Rohit Sharma barring one match-winning knock of 94 against Royal Challengers Bangalore has hurt badly the three-time champions' run and they need their inspirational captain to make it up with a big knock against SRH.
Another major disappointment has been the big West Indian Kieron Pollard who has mustered just 54 runs in five games. He is in danger of being left out at the bench.
The Trinidadian's compatriot Evin Lewis has been neither outstanding nor a total let-down with the bat, but the Pandya brothers -- Hardik and Krunal -- have not sparkled with the bat.
Pace bowler Jasprit Bumrah showed he is close to his best in yesterday's game against RR although he could not get MI across the finish line with a final burst of wickets, while Mustafizur Rahman has been a good foil.
Mitchell McClenaghan has got among the wickets but has leaked runs too while the Pandya siblings have done a decent job with the ball.
MI have not made too many changes to their playing eleven and could mull over it seriously before it is too late.
Sunrisers' campaign had begun in pretty impressive fashion with three wins on the trot but successive defeats to Kings XI Punjab and Chennai Super Kings have dented their progress and confined them to the lower half of the table.
While captain Kane Williamson has been in superb form, carrying the batting on his shoulders to amass 230 runs in five games, the other batsmen, including Shikhar Dhawan, have not given him adequate support.
Wridhiman Saha has been particularly below par with the bat with a tally of a measly 62 runs and needs to buck up quickly or lose the spot to Shreevats Goswami.
Yusuf Pathan showed glimpses of his old attacking self against RR with a quick 27-ball 45, but overall his batting has been below par.
Bhuvneshwar Kumar has been the stand-out performer in bowling and the visitors would be hoping for the others to chip in too.
SQUADS
Sunrisers Hyderabad: Kane Williamson (captain), Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Shikhar Dhawan, Shakib Al Hasan, Manish Pandey, Carlos Brathwaite, Yusuf Pathan, Wriddhiman Saha, Rashid Khan, Ricky Bhui, Deepak Hooda, Siddarth Kaul, T Natarajan, Mohammad Nabi, Basil Thampi, K Khaleel Ahmed, Sandeep Sharma, Sachin Baby, Chris Jordan, Billy Stanlake, Tanmay Agarwal, Shreevats Goswami, Bipul Sharma, Mehdi Hasan, Alex Hale
Mumbai Indians: Rohit Sharma (captain), Jasprit Bumrah, Hardik Pandya, Kieron Pollard, Mustafizur Rahman, Suryakumar Yadav, Krunal Pandya, Ishan Kishan, Rahul Chahar, Evin Lewis, Saurabh Tiwary, Ben Cutting, Pradeep Sangwan, Jean-Paul Duminy, Tajinder Singh, Sharad Lumba, Siddhesh Lad, Aditya Tare, Mayank Markande, Akila Dhananjaya, Anukul Roy, Mohsin Khan, MD Nidheesh, Mitchell McClenaghan, Adam Milne
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Leeds United will play on 'grounds soaked in the blood of innocent Rohingya children, women and older people' on a post-season tour of war-torn Myanmar, it's claimed.
The British Rohingya Community UK group released a strong statement after Leeds confirmed they'd play two games in the country which was formerly known as Burma.
There has been a bloody conflict involving the Myanmar military and the Rohingya people with the government in recent months being accused of ethnic cleansing.
The conflict has been so intense that the Foreign and Commonwealth Office is advising people against 'all but essential travel' to several areas of the country, reports LeedsLive .
(Image: X03805)
British Rohingya Community UK said: "This is absolutely disgraceful. Leeds United FC is going to play football on the grounds soaked in the blood of innocent Rohingya children, women and older people.
"Please visit Leeds United Football Club's Facebook page and let them know how disgusted we are with that.
"If need be, we will picket LUFC board meetings."
The club's controversial decision has also attracted the attention of Kate Allen, director of Amnesty International UK, who says it 'seems like an odd choice of country to choose to tour'.
She added: "The last year has seen the human rights situation in Myanmar deteriorate dramatically.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
“Hundreds of thousands of Rohingya have fled crimes against humanity in Rakhine State to neighbouring Bangladesh; those who remain continue to live under a system amounting to apartheid.
“The Myanmar authorities have continued the brutal crackdown despite a global outcry.
“Far too often sporting events have been used as a cheap PR tool to ‘sportswash' the stain of a country's human rights record.
“We're not going to tell Leeds United where they should and shouldn't visit, but if the tour does go ahead, the club should use its leverage to call for an end to the crackdown and raise with the Burmese authorities the plight of the hundreds of thousands of families who have been brutalised and forced to flee their homes.”
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Leeds United says it is disappointed with the reaction to the announcement and insists it is 'not a political tour'.
In a statement from the club issued to the Leeds United Supporters Trust, it said: “‘The two venues that we are visiting are both considered ‘Safe' to travel to and located in regions not affected by any political turmoil.
“‘These areas are described as ‘Westernised' and located far from the Northern areas affected by the unrest reported widely in the global media."
It continues: "‘In regards to the political viewpoint, Leeds United are not touring as guests of the government of Myanmar and this is not a political tour.
(Image: REUTERS)
“‘The club and the teams we are playing against are partnered with a local bank and of course the local football authorities, which under FIFA regulations must operate independently from the government.
“‘We see this as an opportunity for Leeds United to be pioneers and break down barriers and build relationships with the people and business community within a country trying to emerge from a difficult past.
“‘We believe that this represents a chance for those travelling to experience a new country and engage with its people.
“‘The club believes there is minimal risk involved in making this journey."
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
John Farr says he is ‘honoured' to have been made the new head coach of Crewe & Nantwich RUFC.
The Nantwich man has been elevated to the role in place of Peter Allen, who has stepped down.
John, who started out with the club and went on to play for the likes of Coventry and Newbury before stints as head coach at Stroud and Cirencester, will be supported by new team manager Dan Potts.
Now he aims to guide the club to promotion from Midlands Two West (North) after they lost in the Play Off Final last term.
John, a teacher, said: “I feel very honoured to take on the role at a club that I love.
“We have a very strong squad from last season and I would like to thank, personally and on behalf of the club, Pete Allen.
“He is an excellent coach and has put the club in a strong position moving forward.
“The future is looking incredibly positive.
“Targets for the forthcoming season are to win every game with a smile on our face – the perfect balance of competitive rugby and a great social side.”
John was backs coach last season, and his appointment is not the only change at the club, based at The Vagrants, Willaston.
New chairperson Nicola Joyce and vice chairperson Andrew Pemberton are part of an experienced group dedicated to moving the club forward.
A players' meeting was staged last week to allow everyone to have a say on how 2018-19 should be approached, and pre-season training will get under way tomorrow (Thursday).
A Crewe & Nantwich spokesperson said: “Peter took the difficult decision to step down from the role of head coach.
“We are most grateful to Pete and wish him the very best in his future career, and assure him that he will always be welcome at Crewe & Nantwich RUFC.
“We are delighted to welcome John as head coach, he brings with him a proven track record and a wealth of experience.
“John has played for, and captained, various rugby union and rugby league teams at Premier, representative and international level.
“He has also enjoyed a successful coaching career.
“John is an active member of the club, supporting our junior section coaches to develop our next generation of players.”
A thank tank headed by commerce minister Suresh Prabhu will submit its policy recommendations in six months' time. Photo: Pradeep Gaur/Mint
New Delhi: A think tank of key stakeholders headed by commerce minister Suresh Prabhu will finalize a framework for a national e-commerce policy in six months' time that will settle India's stand on key issues such as taxation, competition policy, foreign investment and server localization, among others.
India has been finding it difficult to arrive at a consensus on a domestic e-commerce policy to effectively respond to a proposal for multilateral discipline in e-commerce at the World Trade Organization (WTO) as various government departments have contradictory views on the matter, Mint first reported on 7 March, 2017.
For example, while the department of telecom wants server locations of global e-commerce companies operating in India to be based in the country, the ministry of electronics and information technology supports no such restriction.
Briefing reporters after stakeholder consultations on Tuesday, commerce secretary Rita Teaotia said she will head a task force which will go into the details of the inputs received from the stakeholders. “The task force will come out with a set of recommendations which will be brought before the think tank in five months from now. We expect the think tank to finally give its policy recommendations to the government in six months from now. We are also constituting specific sub-groups within the task force because the subjects are wide-ranging,” she added.
The meeting was attended by around 50 stakeholders including Competition Commission of India, Telecom Regulatory Authority of India, Reserve Bank of India and secretaries from key departments as well as industry players.
Asked whether India will have a more flexible approach in joining negotiations for a e-commerce treaty at the WTO now, Teaotia said discussions at the WTO on e-commerce are underway in four technical groups and it does not have a negotiating mandate as yet.
“We certainly engage in these discussions. As we flesh out our own policy, our position will be much more informed and clear,” she added.
Kunal Bahl, co-founder and chief executive officer of Snapdeal, said he raised the issue of e-commerce ventures providing heavy discounts to customers and violation of marketplace model where no inventory ownership is allowed. “There is obviously a lot of concern about whether this is effectively implemented or not. And if not what is going to be done about it,” he added.
Vijay Shekhar Sharma, founder, Paytm, said he suggested that data access, market access and platform access in India needed to be reciprocal. “While the open market access to India is a big advantage for the global companies, it is not necessary that it will always be an advantage for India. My suggestion was that we should have an obligation for localisation of servers. If we were a small country, it would be understood if we were served from outside. But we have enough infrastructure in this country and all servers and all data should remain only in India,” he added.
Affordability is a key factor in home-buying decisions and realty firms are desperate to bring more buyers into the fray. Photo: Aniruddha Chowdhury/Mint
Bengaluru/Mumbai: Homes across Indian cities are becoming more compact as developers are trimming apartment sizes and even resizing already built ones in some cases to target buyers with smaller budgets.
After launching its Greenfield project in east Bengaluru around two years ago, Shriram Properties Pvt. Ltd recently repositioned the project as O2 Homes, launching fresh stock with apartment sizes smaller by 10% and unit prices lower by 6-10%. “Sales had become dull after the first year of the project launch. The repositioning and tweak in unit sizes worked well. We sold around 450 units in recent months,” managing director M. Murali said.
In the 200-acre mixed-use Urbana township in Bengaluru, the Ozone Group is set to launch smaller homes priced at Rs25-40 lakh for one- and two-bedroom units. So far, the developer sold homes in the project's earlier phases at an average ticket size of Rs70 lakh.
“Prime is a new community in Urbana based on what customers clearly want today—small-sized homes. As developers, we have no choice but to build what will bring in cash flow. It is a somewhat myopic view because by the time the project delivery happens in a few years, affordability of buyers would improve,” Ozone Group chief executive Srinivasan Gopalan said.
Affordability is a key factor in home-buying decisions today and realty firms are desperate to bring more buyers into the fray. As unsold inventory levels peak following a five-year-long slowdown, home sizes are becoming more customer-centric across price segments, including the luxury space.
“The need of smaller flats is huge and compact homes are a possibility at all prices. Space efficiency is key and compact two-bedroom and 1.5 bedroom homes are in demand,” said Mumbai-based architect Hafeez Contractor.
After nearly 14 years, the Marathon Group has returned with one bedroom-hall-kitchen (BHK) in its project ‘Eminence' in suburban Mumbai's Mulund with one BHK homes of 450 sq. ft livable area and 650 sq. ft 2BHKs starting at an all-inclusive Rs95 lakh.
Graphic: Naveen Kumar Saini/Mint
Marathon managing director Mayur R. Shah said the company decided on the size and price, given that existing projects in the micro-market offer much larger homes.
“The impact of demonetisation and other regulatory changes have led to new projects being repositioned as per market needs. The Mulund project addresses both affordability and aspirational elements,” Shah said.
To be sure, property prices have corrected in the last few years. Resizing homes to smaller specifications means reducing ticket size or unit price by making them affordable without further dropping per sq. ft rate.
Sanghvi Realty has gone back to the drawing board to redesign and re-size two projects in south Mumbai, to be launched later this year.
One BHKs have been reduced to 400-450 sq. ft from 500-550 sq. ft, two BHKs to 650-750 sq. ft from 800 and three BHK homes are now 1000 sq. ft from 1100-1150 sq. ft.
“Today, buyers think in terms of their budget, not area of the apartment. So we have to come up products that fit that budget. We have changed all the plans and redesigned as per market demand, without compromising on the facilities,” said director Ramesh Sanghvi.
A lot of the resizing is not by choice, but by compulsion in the new Real Estate Regulatory Authority (RERA) regime.
“It was necessary for people to go back to the drawing board because 52% unsold inventory is not a happy situation, especially where you have to complete the project on time,” said Gautam Chatterjee, chairperson, Maharashtra RERA.
“...If you have to sell your flats, you got to have flats where there are takers. If there are no takers and if your unsold inventories remain, there will be no liquidity and then how will you complete the projects. A developer has no choice but to be professional and calculative in trying to bring out the right mix of products for which there will be takers,” Chatterjee said.
Not just smaller homes, it is easier to sell reasonably sized projects too, said Santhosh Kumar, vice-chairman of Anarock Property Consultants.
“One reason why unsold units got so huge is because builders never made homes that suit a buyers's budget. There is clear demand for smaller units between Rs45 lakh-Rs1.5 crore today,” he said.
In Gurugram, however, developers are unable to do smaller homes because building regulations don't allow these due to density concerns.
“Demand is for affordable, small ticket units but in Haryana, because of density issues, we have to build large units. It's a problem,” said Parveen Jain, chairman, Tulip Infratech.
O.J. Simpson is eligible for parole in July, and Sports Illustrated and a law professor from New Hampshire set out to answer the question of whether or not O.J. Simpson will actually get out. The short answer seems to be that Simpson's good behavior and other factors make him a good candidate for parole, but this is still O.J. Simpson we're talking about.
Currently in the eighth year of a 33-year prison sentence for convictions on 12 crimes stemming from a 2007 incident at at Las Vegas hotel, Simpson is 69 years old, has no prior convictions, no gang affiliations, and hasn't gotten into any trouble while he's been in prison.
SI laid out the scoring system that will be used to help decide whether Simpson is freed.
The decision to grant parole is, by definition, discretionary. But it is a decision that Thomas Patton, a former chairman of the parole board in Nevada, stresses is conducted through a “very comprehensive review,” weighing 11 largely objective factors. Between -1 and +2 points are allocated for each criterion. Inmates exceeding five points are classified as a “medium” or “high” risk and are unlikely to be granted parole. Score fewer than five points, and odds swing the other way. In 2013, Simpson scored three points, falling into the “low risk” category. He seems likely to do well again in 2017.
This, according to SI, is how Simpson scores on that scale:
Age at the time of first arrest (0 points)
Prior probation or parole revocation (0 points)
Employment history immediately before arrest (0 points)
Offense leading to current or prior convictions (2 points)
History of drug or alcohol abuse (0 points or 1 point)
Gender (1 point)
Current age (-1 point)
Active gang membership (0 points)
Completed education, vocational or treatment program during prison term (-1 point or 0 points)
Disciplinary write-ups (-1 point)
Custody level (0 points)
What this all means, as Las Vegas defense attorney Daniel Hill said to SI, is that Simpson, “is the kind of person who gets paroled.”
The prison that houses Simpson — Lovelock Correctional Facility in Nevada — is considered a medium-custody prison, where violence is relatively rare. He shares an 80 square-foot cell with another inmate. He gets to watch ESPN. And he makes himself useful be cleaning gym equipment and floors.
When he was sent to prison in 2008, Simpson promised the court he'd be the best prisoner they ever had, and he seems to have more or less kept his word.
The 33-year sentence was widely seen at the time as something of make-up call for Simpson's surprising acquittal in the trial over the 1994 murders of Nicole Brown-Simpson and Ron Goldman. The incident that got Simpson busted was, as portrayed in ESPN's award-winning documentary, “O.J.: Made in America,” a cartoonishly mismanaged attempt to recover some of Simpson's sports memorabilia. There wasn't much question as to whether Simpson had committed a crime, just as to whether the sentence was commensurate with the conviction.
Either way, Simpson has a good chance of living as a free man once again.
Plans are taking shape to secure a new £300,000 skate park in Warwick.
The group, Save our Skate Park, spent about five years planning and building the new skate park in Victoria Park in Leamington.
The new Skate Park in Victoria Park was officially opened in November 2016. People had fun trying it out. MHLC-05-11-16 Skate Park NNL-160511-220733009
The new facility, which was officially opened in November 2016 replaced the former ramp which was removed for health and safety reasons in 2011.
SOS (Save Our Skatepark), which is led by skater Alex Walker, spent years campaigning for the skate park in Leamington and shortly after it was completed they turned their attention to bringing a similar facility to Warwick.
There is currently a skate park in Warwick located at St Nicholas Park but this will be removed ahead of the 2nd Warwick Sea Scouts building their new headquarters on the site.
SOS are intending to create a new bespoke skate park that would still be on St Nicholas Park.
The new Skate Park in Victoria Park was officially opened in November 2016. People had fun trying it out. MHLC-05-11-16 Skate Park NNL-160511-220629009
Alex, who is also a youth worker for the Warwickshire association of youth clubs, said: “We are currently fundraising to build the skate park after we gained permission in principle from Warwick District Council.
“In a meeting, when we were in the process of creating Victoria Park, there was a discussion about relocating the old ramps in St Nicholas Park to another site with £50,000 and we suggested that they could just get something better with the £50,000 and scrap the old stuff.”
Warwick District Council has allocated a site for the new facility in Warwick that is 100 metres by 15 metres and it is set to go alongside the current bike track in St Nicholas Park.
Alex said: “We were originally looking at £200,000 for the new facility but after speaking to builders and looking at the area we now need £300,000.
“We are in the process of applying for grants, we have gained a grant of £1,000 from Warwick Town Council and we should have a minimum of £50,000 match funded from Warwick District Council. We will also apply to Heritage Lottery Fund and other organisations.
“We are looking at something twice the length and width of what is at Victoria Park subject to planning. We are looking at a large bowl with a 4ft and 7ft area and a fully bespoke street plaza with elements of park and real urban terrain.
“There would be a rideable barrier between the pumptrack and the skate park to not encroach on the existing dirt track.”
Skateboarding is set to feature in the 2020 Olympics and it is hoped that the district's new skate parks will play their part.
Alex continued: “We hope for it to be built by 2019 and my aim is for this to be something that can be used in summer 2020 to showcase the level of talent in this area and those Olympic hopefuls.”
Once the SOS group secure funding for the skate park the plans will then go through the council's planning process.
Alex said: “We would be more than happy to hear from anyone who has any fears, concerns or if they want to get involved, support the group or have ideas for funding. We are a community group about supporting the community.”
Anyone who would like to get in touch with Save our Skatepark (SOS) can email: saveourskatepark@gmail.com.
Qantas has just smashed its own speed record for the new Perth to London Boeing 787-9 non-stop flight slashing almost an hour off the scheduled flight time.
And for the first time the outbound flight to London (QF9), against the prevailing winds, was 6 minutes faster than the return trip (QF10).
The new record time was set on May 29 and was just 16 hours 29 minutes instead of the scheduled 17 hours 20 minutes.
QANTAS has slashed airfares from Perth to Broome in a bid to get more people heading to WA's north instead of Bali. The West Australian Video QANTAS has slashed airfares from Perth to Broome in a bid to get more people heading to WA's north instead of Bali.
In fact, it is understood that the flight crew of QF9 was cautioned on arriving too early. The 787-9 touched down at 4.36am…six minutes after Heathrow's curfew lifted.
Last month the outbound flight, QF10 from London to Perth set a record of 15.45 minutes stripping an hour off the published time.
The average speed for that journey was 938km/h but just before the descent into Perth, the plane was flying at a ground speed of 1114km/h.
The typical cruise speed for a 787 is 900km/h.
According to Flightradar24 the Qantas Perth to London and return service is now consistently beating the published schedule.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tory Michael Gove is considering a ban on boiling lobsters alive, the Mirror has learned.
The Environment Secretary is set to launch a consultation on the move, bowing to pressure from animal rights campaigners.
But it's likely to land him in hot water with chefs and foodies, who argue shellfish do not feel pain when cooked alive.
Lobsters are among the only creatures we eat in Britain that are sold alive for slaughter at home or in restaurants.
It comes after the RSPCA, the British Veterinary Association and a string of campaigners wrote to the Government calling for crabs and lobsters to be included in animal welfare law.
But a row is already bubbling among Tory MPs, who suggested the move was a cynical bid to boost his green credentials.
“It's Michael's latest crusade to woo the luvvies in his blatant leadership bid,” a Tory source told the Mirror.
“He's desperate to look like a planet hugging animal lover, but his foodie friends are going to be furious. It's the last claw!”
(Image: Daily Record/Runnacles Mark)
(Image: REUTERS)
The proposed ban would also include other shellfish, such as crabs and crayfish.
Many restaurants already now stun or kill crustaceans before they are cooked, to prevent them from ‘throwing their claws' when they're thrown in the pot.
Campaigners say scientific evidence shows it is “highly likely” crustaceans can feel pain in the same way as any other animal.
Maisie Tomlinson, Campaign Director of Crustacean Compassion said: “We welcome the government's intervention on this matter and we hope that the consultation concludes that decapod crustaceans should be subject to the same animal welfare protections as vertebrate animals under the Animal Welfare Act 2006.
“This certainly would include welfare at the time of killing, as many of the ways in which decapods are currently slaughtered are abhorrent. We also, however, urge tighter regulations on how decapods are kept whilst waiting for slaughter.
“A recent study found that lobsters were regularly crammed into bright, highly overcrowded tanks with little provision for the welfare needs of the species. We look forward to further engagement with the government in tackling this long-neglected animal welfare issue. "
(Image: PA)
A spokesperson for the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs said: “As Minister [George] Eustice has previously stated this is an issue the Government is considering.
“We are committed to the very highest standards of animal welfare and are taking strong action in this area, including raising maximum sentences for animal cruelty to five years and making CCTV mandatory in slaughterhouses.
"As the Prime Minister has set out, we will make the United Kingdom a world leader in the care and protection of animals as we leave the EU.”
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
David Artell said Crewe Alex have to roll their sleeves up and dig themselves out of relegation trouble, after a fourth straight defeat on Saturday.
The Railwaymen lost 4-1 at promotion-chasing Notts County. Manager Artell felt his side played well at times but were punished by soft defensive mistakes.
Now he called on his players to undo the damage created.
Artell said: "We had enough of the ball to create more, we were very good for half an hour. They scored a screamer, then a scrappy second, but we were the better team I felt, we certainly weren't outplayed.
"The third goal changed things massively, that was far too easy, then we chased the game. The last 20 minutes looked worse than what it was.
"Whether you all us ambitious or foolish, we'd rather lose 4-1 than 3-1 as long as we are trying to get back in the game.
"We've conceded 10 goals in three games, that's ridiculous. It's not acceptable, it's got to stop.
"It'll take hard work and practice, you only get better if you practice properly, that's what we have to keep doing.
"It's not a case of feeling sorry for ourselves, we have to get on with it and work our socks off to get ourselves out of the hole we are digging for ourselves.
"We have to get points against anyone we we can get them from, we can't just think we can get them from the Yeovils (Crewe's next opponents) of this world.
"We didn't come here just to turn up, we came to try to win a game of football and it hasn't quite worked out. We have to make sure whoever we play against we try to win the game, that will always be the aim."
There were 1,450 travelling Alex fans at Meadow Lane, and Artell praised their support.
He also apologised for a lack of appreciation shown to them at the final whistle.
Artell added: "They (the fans) were very good, I just wish we could have given them more to cheer about.
"I went down the tunnel, and I should have made sure we did (thank the fans). I apologise for that, it should have happened. I'll make sure it happens because we normally do.
"We are in it together, players, staff, fans, the board, loacal businesses, we all have to be in it together. I apologise to the fans on behalf of the players and myself, we should have gone over."
SAN DIEGO, Conn. (WTNH) — A Colchester man was shot dead by San Diego police after allegedly breaking into a home and threatening himself and officers with a knife.
Police say on Sunday morning around 6 a.m., officials responded to a call that a man was attempting to enter a home and retrieve a knife.
Officials located 24-year-old Kyle Zahacefski in the front yard of the residence and say he began throwing bricks at them before running toward the home.
Officers followed the sound of breaking glass and discovered Zahacefski inside the kitchen. He was allegedly holding a fixed-blade knife and pointed it at his throat.
Authorities say they repeatedly told Zahacefski to drop the knife, but that he refused and began walking toward the officers with the knife pointed at them.
Police say one officer fired several rounds from his AR-15 rifle while another discharged one round from his beanbag shot gun. The suspect was struck and collapsed to the floor.
Units provided first aid to the suspect who was later pronounced dead at the scene. Officials say two adults were asleep in the home at the time of the shooting and that neither were injured.
Officials are continuing to investigate the incident.
Experts Say Denuclearizing North Korea Is No Small Task
Enlarge this image toggle caption STR/Getty Images STR/Getty Images
Should President Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un meet after all next month in Singapore, their discussions will center on one seven-syllable word: denuclearization.
Trump sees denuclearization as North Korea giving up its entire nuclear weapons program. What he would like from the on-off possibly on-again Singapore summit, White House National Security Adviser John Bolton told Fox News, is "the complete, verifiable and irreversible denuclearization of North Korea."
Trump himself has allowed that may not be done in one fell swoop. Two days before declaring the June 12 Singapore summit was not going to happen, Trump was asked by a reporter if North Korea's denuclearization should be "all in one" or incremental.
"It would certainly be better if it were all-in-one," Trump replied. "Does it have to be? I don't think I want to totally commit myself, but all-in-one would be a lot better."
Many North Korea watchers doubt there is any possibility a North Korea denuclearization will happen all at once.
"If you look back at the nuclear negotiations that we had with Iran and how long that took and how many times that almost fell apart," says Lindsey Ford, a former Asia policy adviser at the Pentagon, "it gives you a sense of the degree of difficulty actually trying to roll back a nuclear program."
Ford, who's currently director of political-security affairs at the Asia Society Policy Institute, notes that unlike North Korea, Iran did not even possess nuclear weapons.
Step one for any denuclearization effort, according to Stimson Center senior fellow and 38 North website founder Joel Wit, would be removing the key elements of North Korea's nuclear arms.
"The weapons themselves, the materials associated with the weapons, which can be the actual nuclear material in the weapons and their non-nuclear components, " says this former State Department coordinator for implementing the 1994 nuclear accord with Pyongyang, "all of that has to leave North Korea."
Much remains unknown
Only North Korea knows for sure how many weapons it has and where they are kept. Still, Stanford University nuclear weapons expert Siegfried Hecker — the last American scientist to have seen North Korea's nuclear facilities from the inside — says some things are known about North Korea's stocks of plutonium, a man-made fissile material used in the relatively small nuclear warheads required for mounting on missiles.
Hecker, who's visited North Korea seven times, says he has "great confidence" in estimates of how much plutonium North Korea could have produced and how much it has today, "and that ranges in 20 to 40 kilograms — and it takes on the order of maybe five or six kilograms to make a bomb."
That would account for, at the most, eight nuclear weapons. Hecker says other evidence indicates North Korea may have 25 to 30 atomic bombs in all.
"Could they have an overall bomb program that's ten times as large? No," says the former director of the Los Alamos National Laboratory. "Could they have one that's twice as large as what we think? The answer is possibly."
Beyond those bombs, notes the Stimson Center's Wit, there's also the infrastructure associated both with the production of nuclear weapons and with research and development.
"All of that," he says, "would have to be identified and eventually dismantled."
Identifying what's been part of a program cloaked in secrecy could prove a real challenge. North Korea has revealed little about its nuclear program to outsiders.
One exception has been Stanford's Hecker. He recalls that during his last visit to North Korea in 2010, his hosts made a point of showing him around a cutting-edge uranium enrichment facility that appeared not to have been detected by spy satellites.
The needling message the North Koreans were sending by letting him inspect the facility, Hecker says, was, "We've done it in a building, you guys had no idea that we were doing it in this building. There may be other buildings like that." That's not exactly how they said it, he adds, "but that was certainly my sense — they have other buildings and we don't know where they are."
Which suggests North Korea could simply hide what it wants to keep. "The North Koreans are very good at tunneling and putting things below ground, a lesson they learned from the Korean War when they were bombed heavily," Terry Roehrig of the U.S. Naval War College says, offering his own view of Pyongyang's aims. "So they have buried a lot of facilities."
North Korea's nuclear scientists
It's not just those facilities that will have to be dealt with. "There are going to be folks still in North Korea who know and could restart this type of program covertly if they wanted to," says the Asia Society's Ford.
Removing that nuclear brain trust from North Korea would likely be far harder than relocating their work product.
"You can't be absurd and ask for 10,000 scientists to be shipped out," says Wit. "You could ask for them to be redirected into civilian work — and have some assurance that that's working by having an on-the-ground presence to make sure that's what they're doing."
What that means, says Stanford's Hecker, is North Korea would have to give outside inspectors unfettered access to its entire nuclear program - and facilitate that access. "Without cooperation from the North Korean side to prove that you have eliminated not only the nuclear weapons, the nuclear bomb fuels and the missiles," he adds, "it is essentially an almost impossible job."
In a plan for denuclearizing North Korea that Hecker and two of his Stanford colleagues published this week, ridding that nation of its nuclear weapons program is projected to take up to a decade or more.
"Considering the fact that it's taken at least 25 years to really put this nuclear arsenal in place," says Hecker, "the thought of turning it around and denuclearizing, so to speak, in a short period of time of a year or two is simply not possible."
Share 0
Tampa Bay kicked off 2017 the right way by ended its 2016 season with a winning record. The Bucs defense picked off Panthers quarterback Cam Newton three times and sacked him three more than Tampa Bay held off Carolina, 17-16, to finish 9-7. Bucs quarterback Jameis Winston found Mike Evans with the game-winning touchdown and the defense held off a last-second comeback by Carolina, which failed to convert a potentially game-winning two-point conversion at the end.
It's time for PewterReport.com's 2-Point Conversion post-game column, which features two statements, two questions and two predictions based on the latest Bucs game.
TWO BIG STATEMENTS
STATEMENT 1: WINSTON NEEDS BIGGER TARGETS IN 2017
Without 6-foot-5 tight end Cameron Brate in the lineup due to a season-ending back injury, quarterback Jameis Winston was without one of his bigger targets on Sunday, and he was sorely missed. On Tampa Bay's first drive of the game, 6-foot-1 wide receiver Russell Shepard couldn't haul in two high passes from Winston, including one in the end zone on third down.
It's no surprise that Brate and 6-foot-5 wide receiver Mike Evans have been Winston's top two receivers this season because both are big targets. Evans had a Pro Bowl season and led the team with a career-high 96 catches, while Brate finished the year as the team's second-leading receiver with 57 receptions.
Winston, who finished 2016 completing 345-of-567 passes (60.8 percent) could benefit from another big receiver with a wide catch radius. Until Winston becomes more accurate he would benefit greatly from another big starting receiver with height, long arms and leaping ability that can snare some of Winston's passes that are just off target. The Bucs attempted to assemble the “Dunkaneers” in 2014 with Evans, 6-foot-5 wide receiver Vincent Jackson and 6-foot-6 tight end Austin Seferian-Jenkins, but constant injuries to Jackson and ASJ prevented that from happening. With ASJ gone and Jackson likely not returning in 2017, it's time to try that approach again and find another big target to lineup alongside Evans and Brate.
There are two potential first-round receivers that fit the bill in Clemson junior Mike Williams, who has 90 catches for 1,267 yards and 10 touchdowns to lead the Tigers into a national championship rematch against Alabama next Monday, and Western Michigan senior Corey Davis, who has 91 catches for 1,427 yards and 18 touchdowns to lead the Broncos into a bowl game match-up against Wisconsin.
Williams is 6-foot-3, weighs 225 pounds and is expected to be a top-12 pick. He likely won't be on the board when the Bucs pick 19th in the first round. Davis, who is 6-foot-3, 213 pounds and is college football's all-time leading receiver at the FBS level, has 5,212 career receiving yards and 51 touchdowns on 326 catches. He is expected to be drafted in the latter stage of the first round, so Tampa Bay could have a shot at selecting him.
STATEMENT 2: BUCS WERE WISE TO LOCK UP ANGER
Don't you love it when a player who gets a contract extension comes out and has a dynamite game to show he deserves it? No, I'm not making a dig at Doug Martin and his 2.9-yard average this season, although that's warranted given the fact that he failed to earn anywhere close to the $8 million he was paid this year (minus Sunday's game check for his suspension). I'm talking about the day punter Bryan Anger had against Carolina.
Anger reportedly signed a five-year deal worth $17 million, which averages out to $3.4 million per season, according to NFL Network's Ian Rapoport. Anger had a great day against Carolina and that pleased head coach Dirk Koetter.
“What a great day. Five punts, five inside the 20,” Koetter said. “He had a heck of a year. Great job by Jason (Licht) to get him back. We're very excited about having him. Unfortunately, of our three specialists, Depo (long snapper Andrew DePaola) suffered a torn ACL today on that punt. That's a crushing blow in the last game of the year. I don't know how many people noticed but we had to go with our backup snapper, Adarius Glanton, on those last two place-kicks, the field goal that got blocked and the last extra point. That's not a good situation for Depo. But as far as Bryan goes, another fantastic day.”
Anger finished the year with a 45.9-yard average and a 42.7-yard net. He also had 37 punts downed inside the 20 against just five touchbacks. But Anger's biggest play of the year wasn't even on a punt. It was as the holder on Roberto Aguayo's blocked field goal in the fourth quarter. Anger raced after Panthers linebacker Shaq Thompson, who returned the ball 21 yards to the Carolina 49-yard line before being shoved out of bounds by Tampa Bay's punter.
Anger's tackle on Thompson saved a touchdown that would have put the Bucs behind 17-10 with 11:55 left in regulation. Instead, the Panthers drove 31 yards down to the Tampa Bay 18 only to see kicker Graham Gano miss his third field goal of the game – a 36-yarder that went wide left. In the grand scheme of things, Anger's tackle was just as significant as one of Lavonte David's two sacks or one of the Bucs' three interceptions – if not more because it saved a fourth quarter touchdown.
TWO PROBING QUESTIONS
QUESTION 1: WHAT WAS THE MOST IMPROVED UNIT IN TAMPA BAY?
The Bucs improved in a lot of areas. Jameis Winston threw the most TD passes in Tampa Bay history this year with 28 and also threw for the most yards in a single season with 4,090. Mike Evans had a Pro Bowl year with a career-high 96 catches for 1,321 yards and 12 touchdowns, which tied his record set during his rookie season.
The Bucs' front seven recorded 36 of the team's 38 sacks, which tied last year's mark, but the biggest improvement has happened in the secondary where better coaching from coaches Brett Maxie and Jon Hoke helped the unit record 14 of Tampa Bay's 17 interceptions this season. That's six more picks than the 11 interceptions the Bucs had a year ago. Tampa Bay finished with three INTs on Sunday against Carolina and could have had three more than safety Chris Conte, middle linebacker Kwon Alexander and cornerback Javien Elliott all dropped their chances at picks against Cam Newton.
Having better talent helps, too. Free agent cornerback Brent Grimes finished 2016 as a Pro Bowl alternate with a team-high four interceptions, including a pick-six against the Panthers on Sunday. That was twice as many as the entire cornerback unit had last year with two – one by Alterraun Verner and one by former corner Sterling Moore. Grimes also had a team-high 24 pass breakups, including four versus the Panthers. The cornerbacks finished with six interceptions.
Keith Tandy finished the season as a starting safety, and also had four picks, including two against Carolina. Fellow safeties Conte and Bradley McDougald also had two interceptions apiece for the secondary. Tandy will likely enter 2017 as a starter, while both Conte and McDougald will be unrestricted free agents in March.
Collectively, the Bucs had four pick-sixes this year, including Grimes' against Carolina, one by Conte against Chicago, one by linebacker Lavonte David at San Diego, and one by Alexander against Los Angeles. That's the most since 2002 when Tampa Bay had four interceptions returned for touchdowns during the regular season en route to winning the Super Bowl.
QUESTION 2: DID TANDY LOCK UP A STARTING JOB IN 2017?
If there is one player that put an exclamation point on his 2016 season on Sunday against Carolina it was safety Keith Tandy. The fifth-year defensive back finished an incredible season with a team-high 12 tackles and two interceptions versus the Panthers. Tandy ended his season with 57 tackles, nine passes defensed, four interceptions, which tied him with Brent Grimes for the team lead, and a fumble recovery.
I wrote about Tandy emerging as a starter down the stretch this year in Friday's SR's Fab 5 column, as he has played every single snap on defense over the last five games, including the Panthers game. So when you see Chris Conte in the game, know that he rotated with Bradley McDougald – not Tandy.
Both Conte and McDougald will be unrestricted free agents in 2017, and it will be interesting to see who gets re-signed. I could see the Bucs giving either player – or both – a one-year, prove-it deal for the right to start opposite Tandy, but Tandy should earn the right to head into the offseason as the starter due to his preparation and his production.
By moving 2016 fourth-round pick Ryan Smith from safety to cornerback this year, Tampa Bay will likely draft a safety in 2017 and there is a decent crop available this year. Although picking at No. 19 in the first round will likely keep LSU's Jamal Adams just out of reach as he's regarded as a top 15 picks.
Ohio State's Malik Hooker, who has seven interceptions this season, has said he's returning to the Buckeyes next year, but has two weeks to change his mind. Hooker is regarded as a top 20 selection. Utah's Marcus Williams, Washington's Budda Baker, Texas A&M's Justin Evans, Alabama's Eddie Jackson, Florida's Marcus Maye and Louisiana Tech's Xavier Woods are some other names to know at the safety position.
TWO BOLD PREDICTIONS
PREDICTION 1: LICHT WON'T BE VERY ACTIVE IN NFL FREE AGENCY
Bucs general manager Jason Licht had more hits in free agency than misses this past offseason, and that's harder to do because the success rate for free agency is actually considered to be a bit lower than it is for the draft in NFL circles. Licht had success with special teams aces like punter Bryan Anger and top gunner Josh Robinson and on defense with Pro Bowl alternate cornerback Brent Grimes, who had 24 pass breakups and four interceptions, including a pick-six, and defensive end Robert Ayers, who finished the year with 6.5 sacks, one forced fumble and one safety.
Licht's most expensive free agent came on the offensive side of the ball in guard J.R. Sweezy, who suffered a back injury and never took one snap in practice during the entire year. Sweezy is expected to be healthy for the Bucs' 2017 offseason and compete for a starting job next season. Sweezy was really the lone disappointment in free agency as the additions of Grimes, Ayers, Anger and Robinson all made up for it.
Hitting on four free agents again will be tough for Licht, and the initial crop looks weak at several of the Bucs' “need” positions, including wide receiver outside of DeSean Jackson, who still averaged 18 yards per catch at the age of 30. Instead, look for Licht and Tampa Bay to turn its attention to re-signing several of its own players, including Robinson, running back Jacquizz Rodgers, who led the Bucs with 560 yards rushing and two touchdowns, defensive end Will Gholston and wide receiver Russell Shepard among others.
The Bucs also want backup quarterback Mike Glennon to return, but won't break the bank to keep him if he is pursued by a team that will pay him starter money. Licht and director of football administration Mike Greenberg will spend most of free agency attempting to keep their own players rather than looking for additions outside of Tampa Bay.
PREDICTION 2: BUCS WILL MAKE THE PLAYOFFS IN 2017
A play here or there against Los Angeles, Oakland, Dallas and New Orleans and Tampa Bay could have finished at least 10-6 and in the playoffs this season as I predicted before the 2016 season. Instead the Bucs fell one game short.
Tampa Bay lost to three teams with losing records (Arizona, Los Angeles and New Orleans) and beat three teams that are in the playoffs (Atlanta, Kansas City and Seattle). It was definitely a step in the right direction for a team with a first-year NFL head coach in Dirk Koetter, whose 9-7 record is the second best for a coach in his first season in Tampa Bay behind only Jon Gruden, who went 12-4 and won a Super Bowl in his first year with the Bucs in 2002.
In the end, the Bucs had a tough schedule in 2016, playing in seven games against teams with winning records, including Atlanta twice. Tampa Bay will again play in seven games against teams that finished with at least nine wins in 2017, including Atlanta (twice), New England, Green Bay, the New York Giants, Detroit and Miami. It's early and there are a lot of pieces to the Bucs' 2017 puzzle that need to be added in the offseason, but it's not crazy to think this Tampa Bay team can win 10 or 11 games in 2017.
The difference for the Bucs next year is that Koetter, his team and the Bucs fans have once again made Raymond James Stadium a tough place to play and established home-field advantage with four straight wins, including Sunday's 17-16 win over Carolina. And with upsets scored against the likes of the playoff-bound teams like the Chiefs and the Seahawks, the Bucs now believe they can win any game.
“I love the advancement that we made first and foremost, winning more,” Bucs quarterback Jameis Winston said. “Everyone likes winning. We have to continue to get better. We have to continue to expect to win rather than hoping to win.
“I'm going to go back to that time when we won five games in a row. It was one of the most exciting times of my NFL career. I think that's what makes all of this worth it. When you see it can be done. When you see people buy in on what their coaches are telling them and make it happen.''
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Germaine Greer has sparked outrage after suggesting rapists should avoid jail because most rapes are "just lazy, careless and insensitive".
The feminist academic and author insisted some rapes are just "bad sex" and said society should not view it as a "spectacularly violent crime".
She suggested rapists should be given community service or a visible "R" tattoo on their hand or cheek to shame them.
The controversial 79-year-old Australian also scoffed at a study that says a majority of victims have suffered post-traumatic stress.
Greer has been criticised and called a "rape apologist" after her comments at a Hay literary festival event stunned audience members and caused an uproar online.
(Image: hayfestival/Twitter)
Safer London CEO Sherry Peck told how she was so upset that she walked out.
She tweeted: "Dreadful ramblings by Germaine Greer. I'm usually happy to listen to opinions different to my own but today after around 20 mins I had to walk out."
Anita Singh, the Daily Telegraph's arts and entertainment editor, wrote on Twitter: "Had the misfortune to listen to Germaine Greer yesterday. She seemed to be making it up as she went along."
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Greer told the crowd that "most rapes don't involve any injury whatsoever" and said the notion that it is "one of the most violent crimes" is "bulls***".
She added: “Most rape is just lazy, just careless, insensitive. Every time a man rolls over on his exhausted wife and insists on enjoying his conjugal rights he is raping her. It will never end up in a court of law.
“Instead of thinking of rape as a spectacularly violent crime, and some rapes are, think about it as non consensual … that is bad sex. Sex where there is no communication, no tenderness, no mention of love.”
(Image: Daily Mirror)
Greer said rape is so rampant in society that the legal system cannot cope with it, and victims become "bits of evidence" in court due to the issue of consent.
She called for a radical change to the way rape is prosecuted and punished, claiming many trials were not ending in convictions due to systemic failures.
She said a fitting punishment would be "200 hours of community service", adding: "I have suggested maybe a little tattoo would be a good thing, maybe an 'R' on your hand. I'd prefer it on the cheek, really."
Related video: Eamon Holmes accuses Germaine Greer of being the "wicked witch"
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Greer was speaking at the literary festival in Hay-on-Wye, Wales to promote her new book On Rape. She became a controversial figure after her first book, The Female Eunuch, was published in 1970.
During Wednesday's discussion at Hay Festival she admitted she knew her comments would be controversial and that she would be accused of “trivialising” rape.
She also told the audience about her own experience when she was violently raped and beaten at a party at the age of 18.
Greer said she decided not to report the crime to police because she felt it would be a waste of time, she would have been “discredited” and the details would have been made public.
She said she wanted to "get over it" and not live her life as a "rapee".
Her attacker later raped at least one other woman, she added.
Greer's comments about rape and her suggestion that rapists should be given lighter sentences sparked outrage online.
Prof Tanja Bueltmann, of Northumbria University, said people should stop celebrating Greer as a feminist.
She tweeted: I call for Germaine Greer to stop calling herself a feminist. Because she very clearly isn't.
"And the hailing of her as one needs to stop.
"It should have stopped a long time ago, really, but now is certainly a good time to really do it."
Writer Morgan M Page added: "Germaine Greer, whose disparaging remarks about trans women are constantly defended by English TERFs, just came out as a rape apologist."
The woes of a house hunter in India are many. The dreary process starts with circling classifieds in newspapers and collecting shiny brochures. You flip through the proposed and ready designs that launch a hundred daydreams on the spot. So far so good. But, every house hunter would attest to the soul-crushing experience of checking out a disappointing property.
The kitchen of a 2BHK is carved from the corner of the hall, the 3BHK is a converted 2BHK, the building looks much older than in the pictures…. after months of reading the fine line, and between the lines, you feel like all the diagrams and highlights seem to blur into each other.
After much mental stress, if you do manage to zero in on a decent property, there's a whole new world of knowledge to be navigated - home loans to be sifted through, taxes to be sorted and a finance degree to be earned for understanding it all.
Do you wish a real estate platform would address all your woes? Like a supermarket, where your every need (and want) is catered to? Imagine all your property choices nicely lined up and arranged with neat labels and offers. Imagine being able to compare all your choices side by side. Imagine viewing verfied listings and knowing what you see is what you get. Imagine having other buyers and experts guiding you along every step while you make one of the most important investments in your life. Imagine...
MagicBricks has made every Indian house hunters' daydream of a simplified real estate supermarket a reality. Now you have more than a pile of brochures at your disposal as the online real estate marketplace brings you lakhs of choices to your fingertips. Instead of bookmarking pages, you can narrow down your choices by area, budget, house type etc. Just so you aren't hit by FOMO, you can always add a suburb you've been eyeing or an extra bedroom to your filter. But there's more to a house than just floor space. On MagicBricks, you can check for good schools in the vicinity, a park for evening walks or at least an assured easier commute. Save time and energy by vetting properties based on the specs, pictures and floor plans uploaded and have all your niggling concerns addressed on the users' forum.
Shortlisted a property? Great! No need to descend down another spiral of anxiety. Get help from reliable experts on MagicBricks on matters of legalities, home loans, investment, property worth etc. You can even avail their astrology and Vastu services to ensure an auspicious start to life in your new home or office. With its entire gamut of offerings, MagicBricks has indeed brought the supermarket experience to real estate in India, as this fun video shows below.
Play
Get started with a simplified experience of buying, renting and selling property on MagicBricks here.
This article was produced by the Scroll marketing team on behalf of MagicBricks and not by the Scroll editorial team.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The first victim of a deadly van attack that left 10 people dead and 15 other injured has been identified.
Anne Marie D'Amico has been named as one of the people who tragically lost their lives as pedestrians were struck just before 1.30pm local time (6.30pm UK time) yesterday, CBC reports
Moving tributes have called her "a rock, a champion, a soldier, a nurturer" and described her as having 'one of the biggest hearts'.
Anne was reportedly an employee at Invesco, a US based investment management firm.
In a statement to CBC, Peter Intraligi, president of Invesco Canada, said: "Our thoughts and prayers continue to be with all those impacted by this tragic event,"
"I can now confirm that unfortunately one of our employees has succumbed to her injuries.
“Out of respect for her and her family, we will not be providing any further comments."
(Image: Facebook)
A moving tribute from Brodie MacDonald on Facebook says: "I am so angry at the world today and I am so sorry that this happened to you and as tears roll down my face thinking about the incredible person that you were, please know that you made a difference in so many peoples' lives.
"You were a rock, a champion, a soldier, a nurturer, a friend in Dominican... You were what we all needed, when we needed it."
Danielle Michaud wrote on Twitter: "My @TennisCanada family lost one of its brightest lights & biggest hearts in Anne Marie D'Amico.
"I'm devastated for her family...a big, loving, tight-knit group. No words for this tragedy."
Anne's next of kin have been informed.
The incident happened as people were enjoying a sunny afternoon on Monday.
Many left flowers at a makeshift memorial, which grew as commuters returned to work this morning.
(Image: MEGA)
(Image: MEGA)
Blank white posters left against a stone wall were covered with messages, and the Canadian flag was lowered to half-staff at parliament and at Toronto city hall.
Police have arrested a 25-year-old IT student over the van rampage.
Alek Minassian is a software developer from the Richmond Hill area of the Canadian city.
His LinkedIn profile shows he attended Seneca College of Applied Arts and Technology where classmates say he was still attending classes as recently as last week.
(Image: Linked In)
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: Getty Images North America)
Minassian was arrested at the scene of the massacre after being confronted by police following the horrific incident.
He was heard to shout "Kill me! Shoot me in the head!" at an officer who then bravely took him to the ground unharmed.
Minassian will appear in court at 10 am EDT (2pm UK time), Toronto police said.
Charges will be made public at that time.
Minassian, who was not previously known to authorities, attended a high school program where one classmate remembered
him as "absolutely harmless".
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
While the worst mass killing in Canada in decades has the hallmarks of other deadly vehicle assaults by Islamic State supporters in the United States and Europe, officials said it did not represent a threat to national security.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau called the incident a "tragic and senseless attack".
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jess Impiazzi has finished in fourth place on this year's Celebrity Big Brother .
The former Ex on the Beach star left Shane Lynch , Ann Widdecombe and Shane Jenek to fight for the crown.
The brunette beauty, 28, left the famous house after ballet dancer Wayne Sleep , who finished in fifth place.
Fans were gutted to see her go.
One said: "Absolutely loved jess wanted her in the top 3 but she's done so well"
"Jess was my winner," another commened.
(Image: Credit: Lia Toby/WENN)
(Image: Credit: Lia Toby/WENN)
As she chatted with host Emma Willis, Jess said she didn't expect to last so long in the house.
The reality babe revealed that she had to borrow her housemates' belongings because she ran out of face wipes and other toiletries.
Emma also told Jess that she was never nominated by any of her other housemates.
She said: "Flabbergasted! It's all so unreal to walk out and then people are all cheering at you. It is such a wonderful thing inside your tummy.
"It never really went through my mind [winning]. I knew I felt I was friends with everyone. Amanda is my idol. Ann would let me speak about some things, I thought be struck down as a stupid little girl. She never made me feel like that. She would let me speak and I would learn. And Maggie was like my mum in the house. I met some people that will be cherished forever. That experience will never get lost ever."
She added: "I do my stepdad's head in in the house so I thought for sure I would have annoyed someone."
Jess said she's really going to miss the house.
(Image: Credit: Lia Toby/WENN)
(Image: Credit: Lia Toby/WENN)
She said: "I was looking around today and I thought, 'I'm really going to miss this place'."
The 2018 series has been an epic on this year - but only one celebrity can be crowned the winner.
Transgender newsreader India Willoughby was the first contestant to be evicted, followed by journalist Rachel Johnson and the lovely Maggie Oliver being booted out in a double eviction. John Barnes became the first male evictee of CBB 2018 in a shocking backdoor eviction, shortly followed by Ginuwine in week three. A shock triple eviction saw Andrew Brady , Jonny Mitchell and Dapper Laughs evicted last week.
Shane Jenek , Shane Lynch , Ann Widdecombe , Jess Impiazzi and Wayne Sleep were confirmed finalists after a triple eviction on Tuesday night saw Amanda Barrie , Ashley James and Malika Haqq leave the house.
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jamie Redknapp fears Arsene Wenger has a tough task keeping Olivier Giroud happy at the Emirates this season.
The French striker came off the bench to net Arsenal's winner in their thrilling 4-3 opening night victory over Leicester City on Friday evening, report football.london .
That came after a summer which saw Giroud linked with the Emirates exit door with speculation that Everton and Borussia Dortmund wanted to sign the 30-year-old, but Wenger says the striker wants to remain at the club.
But after Alexandre Lacazette arrived for a club record fee this summer, it would appear that Giroud may have to settle primarily for a role on the bench this season.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
Despite turning the game around following his 67 minute introduction, Redknapp has said the striker is too good to be sitting on the bench.
"It was interesting to see Olivier Giroud look down his nose at suggestions he is a super sub after his winner for Arsenal," Redknapp told the Daily Mail .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
"Giroud is too good to be an impact man from the bench. He is behind Alexandre Lacazette and Alexis Sanchez and Arsene Wenger has a job on his hands to keep all his strikers happy.
"Giroud can remain a super-sub but it's a waste of his talents."
HIGHLIGHTS Montreal takes 2-1 series lead on strength of two power-play goals
Rangers have lost last six playoff games at Garden
In warm-ups before Game 3 at Madison Square Garden on Sunday night, Rangers coach Alain Vig neault showed some sweeping changes on all four lines. That turned out to be subterfuge. Or some overthinking. When the puck dropped against the Montreal Canadiens, Vigneault stayed with the same trios from the two previous games.
It's fair to say he should have made the changes.
The collectively out-of-sync Blueshirts were locked down by the quicker Canadiens, who won, 3-1, with basically their same lineup from the two previous games and took a 2-1 lead in the best-of-seven series. Henrik Lundqvist was valiant, making 26 stops, but the Rangers have put themselves in close to a must-win situation tomorrow.
“Their top players were better than ours, their bottom-line players were better than ours, they were sharper on special teams,” captain Ryan McDonagh said. “You add those three things up, you're going to lose 99 percent of the time.”
Said a subdued Vigneault: “At this time, our best line is our fourth line. So our top players need to find their game.”
The Blueshirts managed only six shots in each of the first two periods against goaltender Carey Price and failed to score on two power plays, so Vig neault then juggled the lines: Kevin Hayes, Rick Nash and Mats Zuccarello were on one and Jesper Fast was moved to the first line. Mika Zibanejad was with Michael Grabner and Tanner Glass. It didn't matter.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
“In order to create, you have to have everyone involved,” Marc Staal said. “We were a little disjointed.”
With the Rangers down 3-0 and Lundqvist pulled for an extra skater, Brady Skjei spoiled Price's shutout with a shot from the point with 2:56 remaining.
The Rangers have only six goals (one an empty-netter) in three games plus an overtime in this series. Both teams had been 0-for-7 with the man-advantage, but the Canadiens broke through with two power-play goals. The Rangers fell to 0-for-10.
“Early on, Oscar [Lindberg] hits the post, Kreids [Chris Kreider] has got an open net, we don't score. We take two offensive-zone penalties 200 feet from our net and they score,” Vigneault said. “Right now, we're fighting it, without a doubt.”
The one change that Vig neault did make was on defense, and it was a wash. Kevin Klein, who had replaced Nick Holden, had four giveaways and no shots on goal.
With the game scoreless in the second period, J.T. Miller was penalized for covering the puck with his hand on a faceoff at 16:05, and on a set play, Brendan Gallagher, from behind the goal line, found Artturi Lehkonen alone in the slot. He whipped a high shot past Lundqvist for his first NHL playoff goal and a 1-0 lead. “I take a penalty and they score,” said an annoyed Miller, who then ended the interview.
If anybody thought these Rangers could turn around their pedestrian 21-16-4 regular-season home record in the postseason, they were incorrect. In their last six home playoff games dating to the 2015 conference finals against the Lightning, the Rangers are 0-6 and have been outscored 21-4.
“I think we all feel like we can do better here at home,” Lund qvist said. “We were right there [down 1-0] going into the third. That's the killer, to give up that second goal on the PK. That kind of took the momentum away.”
advertisement | advertise on newsday
That was at 4:07. Zuccarello was sent off for four minutes for high-sticking Andrei Mar kov and Shea Weber was set up by Alex Galchenyuk for a 2-0 lead at 7:42. Alexander Radulov, who won Game 2 in overtime, scored at 15:35 to ice it.
And in the stands, fans in a playoff gloom began leaving.
Tablets may not be as popular these days, but they're still great devices. If you're in the market for one, Staples has a nice deal on the iPad mini 4 this week. For $299, you can pick up this diminutive iPad in all three available colors: gold, silver, and space gray. That's $100 off Apple's standard price.
The iPad mini 4 features a 7.9-inch display with 2048-by-1536 resolution at 326 pixels per inch. Under the hood, it has an A8 processor with the M8 motion coprocessor, an 8MP rear camera, and FaceTime front camera.
Attentive iOS fans will note that the iPad mini 4 is an old device that first appeared close to two years ago in October 2015. While Apple has a habit of slowly updating devices with the word "mini" in their names, there may be more to it than that. The latest rumors claim Apple has no plans for a fifth iPad mini, meaning this could be the last of its kind. On the plus side, Apple's good about supporting older devices, and the iPad mini 4 is slated to get iOS 11 later in 2017.
Staples' sale expires on Friday evening, or when supplies run out.
Apple
[ Today's deal: iPad mini 4 for $299 at Staples. ]
This story, "Staples has discounted the iPad mini 4 by $100" was originally published by PCWorld.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tom Heard has joined Cinderford from Hartpury.
The prop is the club's third signing ahead of their return to National One, following lock Ben So'oialo Chan and centre George Boulton in making the move from their local rivals.
Heard, 24, was a member of the Gloucester academy between 2011 and 2013, during which time he played for Cinderford as an England Academy Programme registered player.
He joined Plymouth Albion in 2014 and spent two years at Nottingham before returning to Gloucestershire to play for Hartpury in the Championship last season.
Heard has linked up with Cinderford for pre-season training though and head coach Adam Balding thinks he will be a good addition to the squad.
“He's a typical former Gloucester player,” said ex-Cherry and Whites captain Balding.
“He's physical, direct, good scrummager and generally just a good guy and I think that's also important when you're bringing players in because they need to be good eggs.
“He's pitched up, he's done well so far and looks in great shape so he'll certainly be competing for a starting place I would've thought.”
Cinderford have kept most of their squad together after winning the National Two (South) title and there could yet be further additions.
“We've retained the players we wanted to retain and we've also got younger players coming through who are a year older,” said Balding.
“It sounds daft but players go away at the end of a season, and during the off-season something happens and they become a different person, whether it's maturity or they start to grow into their bodies, whatever it is.
“But we've got a nucleus of some very good young players that we want to create a pathway for to get into the first team.
"I know Paul (director of rugby) is talking to people all the time but I think we want to make sure anybody at the Cinderford squad, either in the first team or United, all of those players are capable of playing first team rugby otherwise they shouldn't really be there.
“When everyone comes back into training I think we'll see competition go through the roof because there are a lot of good players fighting for the same position.
“There will be no complacency and it would be nice to get to a position where we can even rotate players but that's down to Paul. That's his baby!”
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Dumped dancer Brendan Cole has won the support of former Strictly judge Arlene Phillips – who likened his exit to “divorce by phone”.
In an exclusive interview Arlene recalled her own sacking and said Brendan would be going through the same experience.
TV favourite Brendan, 41 – a star on all 15 series of Strictly – announced last week that he had been fired by the BBC.
Arlene, 74, says TV chiefs didn't even tell her she was being sacked in 2009 – and that she only found out via the radio.
(Image: WENN.com)
Speaking at The Pure Package Wellness Awards at BAFTA on Thursday night, Arlene explained: “I message Brendan all the time and he calls me. It's like a divorce, isn't it. It happens, it's divorce by telephone, you get a phone call and suddenly it's like ‘hello, my family's gone'. I'm here and they are there.”
Arlene was 66 when she was replaced by former contestant Alesha Dixon, then 30, amid accusations of ageism at the Beeb.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
She continued: “The BBC won't change their mind. There was a big campaign to get me back but they have made their decision. The BBC will do what the BBC do. I understand what Brendan is going through. Suddenly you are dropped and all the big fish have swum away from you. The truth was that two days before it happened to me I had lost my closest friend and my manager.
“When I came to London, aged 23, he was my friend and agent. He passed away and he had negotiated my contract. I wasn't in a fit state to do anything. I was grieving.”
(Image: PA)
When asked if the BBC supported her, she said: “No. The BBC didn't even tell me (about her sacking). I found out from 5Live.”
Brendan's on-air row with head judge Shirley Ballas , 57, is said to be one of the reasons he was dropped.
It is believed they also rowed backstage and they stopped talking completely when the show was off air.
Despite getting the sack, Arlene reckons Brendan – expecting child No2 with wife Zoe Hobbs – will go from strength to strength. He is already being lined up to appear on ITV's I'm A Celebrity.
Arlene said: “He has the world at his feet. You pull yourself together and move on.”
For Lauren Brois, favoring secondhand clothes and stretching out the last drops of shampoo with water is part of her personal mission to reduce waste and protect Mother Earth.
“Throwing away fabrics and clothes into the trash is contributing to pollution,” said Brois, 27, of Bedford in Westchester County. “I don't buy clothes that I will wear only three times. Clothes must have a life, otherwise they are disposable.”
Her friend, graphic artist Joanna Levinger, 27, of Long Island City, said she does not use plastic bags, and brings her lunch to work instead of eating out using plastic containers, forks and knives.
“It makes me feel better that I am making less trash,” she said. “I donate my clothes. I carry a reusable water bottle and use water fountains.”
Brois said she hopes these and other environmental ideas will become “contagious” as Earth Day approaches on Saturday.
Leading up to Earth Day, the nonprofit Earth Day Initiative on Tuesday will be at Union Square Park with dozens of exhibits, including the latest models in electric and hybrid cars, a recycling collection drive for electronics and clothing, and an effort to enroll more consumers in green-energy programs.
John Oppermann, Earth Day Initiative's executive director, said the more people sign up, the more motivated energy companies will be to develop wind and solar power.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
“Customers pay a few cents more but you are supplied with clean energy sources,” he said. “Collectively, individual actions can make a difference.”
Both Brois and Levinger said they earmark a portion of their electric bills toward developing wind and solar energy.
“Making a choice for clean energy is a message to big oil companies that people want wind and solar,” Levinger said.
Brois minored in environmental studies at the SUNY New Paltz, where she was the recycling coordinator. Now she works for Energize NY, which assists homeowners and businesses in making their homes and offices energy-efficient.
“I was always interested in preventing waste,” said Brois, who said she saves cardboard paper to make greeting cards and eats leftovers. “My grandparents grew up in the Depression. We were always trying to find a purpose for something instead of just throwing it out.”
CAIRO, March 30 The African Development Bank has disbursed a $500 million loan to Egypt, the bank's representative in Cairo told Reuters on Thursday.
Leila Mokaddem said the disbursal, the second of three expected loan tranches from the bank to Egypt, came into effect on Thursday and the funds would be received early next week.
Egypt has been negotiating billions of dollars in aid from various lenders to help revive its economy, battered by political and economic upheaval since a 2011 uprising. (Reporting by Ehab Farouk; Writing by Dominic Evans; Editing by Lin Noueihed)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Biotech angels are backing a Cambridge University spin-out that makes proteins for stem cell research.
Qkine has closed an undisclosed seed investment round with Cambridge Enterprise, the university's commercialisation arm, and a team of five investors led by former Abcam chief operating officer Jim Warwick.
The company is a specialist manufacturer of proteins that are used for control of stem cell growth and differentiation. It is hoped the funding will help establish the company's UK manufacturing base and support its product development programme, using protein engineering techniques to optimise growth factors for stem cell and organoid biology.
Growth factors and cytokines are proteins that transmit signals from one cell to another in higher organisms, orchestrating organisation of the developing embryo and regulating biological functions and repair processes in adults. They are used by stem cell scientists to mimic the environment in the human body, allowing carefully synchronised messages to be sent to stem cells, telling them to turn into the desired cell type. Innovations in stem cell biology over the last decade have given rise to applications in disease modelling, drug screening, precision medicine and development of new therapeutics. In turn, this is driving demand for higher quality and innovative reagents.
Scientific founder Dr Marko Hyvönen, who has a wealth of experience in protein engineering to make high quality proteins for use in structural biochemistry, is joined in this venture by co-founder and CEO, Dr Catherine Elton, who will implement the company's growth strategy.
“I am very excited for Qkine to translate our basic research and expertise in protein engineering and growth factors to the benefit of stem cell research and regenerative medicine and to facilitate the development of new therapies," Hyvönen said.
Warwick will join the Qkine board bringing his extensive experience in the life science reagent and digital sectors to the company.
“I knew Catherine from working with her when she headed up the labs at Abcam. Her skills around process optimisation and organisation are precisely the ones needed to help capitalise on this clear market opportunity," he said.
Qkine is incubated in the university's department of biochemistry and has been supported by Cambridge Enterprise throughout its start-up phase, first by a Pathfinder investment and more recently by their commitment to the seed investment round.
Dr Anne Dobrée , head of seed funds at Cambridge Enterprise, added: “We are delighted to to be supporting Qkine as it takes its next step into the stem cell and regenerative medicine markets. The need for high quality growth factors continues to expand, and Qkine is poised to meet the demand”.
ROANOKE, Va. - It has been two months since the 10 News' "Home for Good" project in partnership with Habitat for Humanity and community sponsors started, and now it is two weeks away from completion.
Since May 9, Habitat staff and volunteers have put in a lot of hours and hard work to help expedite the construction process.
"We're usually planning about a 4 1/2 to 5-month build time frame," said Brian Clark, Habitat's construction director. "It just lets us work with scheduling volunteers, which is sometimes a little more tricky than scheduling paid contractors. Weather plays a big role. If we miss a day, and we normally only do two a week, then that can set you back a half a week already."
The "Home for Good" project will be finished in mid-July, about 10 weeks after construction started.
"It's just neat how it all comes together," said Jenny Lee, Habitat's development director. "It's this crazy puzzle, but somehow it all comes together and families get a house and community is built and everybody goes home happy."
10 News, Habitat and sponsors will gather on July 20 to present the keys to the family moving into the home and hold a dedication ceremony.
"It's amazing what will happen when people care about one another enough to roll up their sleeves, get their hands dirty and build what's truly important," said Rev. Paul Henrickson, Habitat's board president.
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
HAVANA - The eldest son of late Cuban revolutionary leader Fidel Castro, Fidel Castro Diaz-Balart, committed suicide on Thursday aged 68 after being treated for months for depression, Cuban state-run media reported.
The nuclear scientist, also known as "Fidelito", or Little Fidel, because of how much he looked like his father, had initially been hospitalised and then continued treatment as an outpatient.
"Castro Diaz-Balart, who had been attended by a group of doctors for several months due to a state of profound depression, committed suicide this morning," Cubadebate website said.
Fidelito, who had the highest public profile of all Castro's children, was born in 1949 out of his brief marriage to Mirta Diaz-Balart before he went on to topple a US-backed dictator and build a communist-run state on the doorstep of the United States during the Cold War.
Through his mother, Castro Diaz-Balart was the cousin of some of Castro's most bitter enemies in the Cuban American exile community, US Representative Mario Diaz-Balart and former US congressman Lincoln Diaz-Balart.
He was also the subject of a dramatic custody dispute between the two families as a child.
Cuba scholars say his mother took him with her to the United States when he was aged five after announcing she wanted a divorce from Castro, while he was imprisoned for an attack on the Moncada military barracks in Santiago.
Castro was able to bring Fidelito back to Cuba after the 1959 revolution.
A multilingual nuclear physicist who studied in the former Soviet Union, Castro Diaz-Balart was head of Cuba's national nuclear programme from 1980 to 1992, and spearheaded the development of a nuclear plant on the Caribbean's largest island until his father fired him.
Cuba halted its plant plans that same year because of a lack of funding after the collapse of Cuba's trade and aid ties with the ex-Soviet bloc and he largely disappeared from public view appearing at the occasional scientific conference or diplomatic event.
Fidelito had been working for his uncle President Raul Castro as a scientific counsellor to the Cuban Council of State and Vice-president of the Cuban Academy of Sciences at the time of his death.
A former British ambassador to Cuba, Paul Hare, who lectures at Boston University's Pardee School of Global Studies, said Castro Diaz-Balart had seemed "thoughtful, rather curious about the world beyond Cuba" at a dinner in Boston two years ago.
"But he seemed a bit weary about having to be a Castro, rather than himself," Hare said.
Jonathan Benjamin-Alvarado, a Cuba expert at the University of Nebraska in Omaha, said Fidelito had provided him with invaluable help in the 1990s while he was writing a book on Cuba's nuclear programme.
In 2000 they met again at a conference in Moscow and Fidelito worked "the room full of international nonproliferation experts, diplomats and journalists with aplomb, speaking no less than four languages -Spanish, English, Russian and French."
Benjamin-Alvarado said he suspected Fidelito's title as scientific advisor was largely ceremonial as his views on energy development were not incorporated into national policies.
"He had written extensively on Cuba's need for developing renewable energy resources," Benjamin-Alvarado said. "And yet almost all efforts by the Cuban government were geared to maintaining the status quo of oil dependency."
"I imagine that was disappointing for him."
Fidelito's death came just over a year after that of his father on Nov. 25, 2016, aged 90.
Airmen from the 386th Expeditionary Force Support Squadron carry sparkling grape juice through a storeroom Dec. 22, 2016 at an undisclosed location in Southwest Asia. These Airmen were assembling tri-walls of holiday meal items for forward-deployed service members (U.S. Air Force photo/Senior Airman Andrew Park)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 12.21.2016 Date Posted: 01.02.2017 03:03 Photo ID: 3082898 VIRIN: 161222-F-CA297-014 Resolution: 5568x3712 Size: 3.47 MB Location: (UNDISCLOSED LOCATION) Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, 386th AEW delivers holiday meals to forward-deployed service members [Image 1 of 20], by SrA Andrew Park, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jose Mourinho controlled the agenda in the build-up to t he Manchester derby .
The Manchester United boss, a master of the dark arts, accused neighbours City's players of going to ground too easily, of tactical fouling and even had a dig at opposite number Pep Guardiola for wearing a yellow ribbon in support of imprisoned politicians in his native Catalonia.
But when his United side took to the field against Pep Guardiola's City, that sense of control deserted Mourinho.
He and his players were subjected to a chastening lesson to slip 11 points behind the Premier League leaders and champions-elect.
(Image: AFP)
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
Mourinho's frustration at his side's 2-1 defeat boiled over in the ensuing bust-up with the City camp that erupted outside the away dressing-room, involving as many as 20 people from both clubs, into which the FA has launched an investigation.
Blues first-team coach Mikel Arteta was cut above an eye having been struck by a thrown object — believed to be a bottle — while Mourinho was said to have had a milk carton hurled at him after remonstrating with Guardiola's players for the over-zealous way they celebrated their win.
Mourinho was already angry at referee Michael Oliver failing to award United a penalty when Ander Herrera went down under a challenge from Nicolas Otamendi with 11 minutes remaining and the visitors leading 2-1.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The United boss seized on that perceived injustice as the reason for United's defeat, rather than accepting that, once again, the forward-thinking and progressive Guardiola had made his old foe Mourinho looks like a coaching relic, unable to adapt to the modern game.
Mourinho and Guardiola, whose toxic rivalry was forged during their respective spells at Real Madrid and Barcelona, have now met 20 times.
Guardiola has triumphed in 10 of those matches, with Mourinho winning on just four occasions — conclusive proof of who has the upper hand in their rivalry.
(Image: Getty)
While Mourinho bleated about decisions going City's way and Guardiola's team being “lucky”, most United fans were not so myopic, accepting they had lost to the better team and have a job on their hands to have any chance of reasserting their domestic dominance in the era of Guardiola.
Mourinho's players, too, shared their manager's sense of denial over the result and the manner of United's defeat.
Herrera walked through the interview area after the game, showing the assembled reporters a video clip of the penalty incident on his phone, imploring them to share his sense of disbelief over not being awarded a spot-kick.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
And even though City had 65 per cent possession to United's 35, more shots on and off target and took the game to their opponents, even though Mourinho's side had to win the game to effectively reignite the title race, there was a refusal to accept the better side had deservedly triumphed.
“It's hard to lose the way we did, because we lost with two unlucky goals,” said Herrera. “Apart from that, I don't think they created too much.
“I think we controlled the game. It's true we played most of the time in our half, but we didn't have too many problems. It's a real pity to lose the way we did.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“It's a big punch, because of the way we lost. When you play against City, you can expect to have problems when they have the ball. But we didn't have too many problems when they had the ball, that's why we feel even more disappointed.”
Yet even former United skipper Gary Neville, now working as pundit for Sky Sports, was candid enough to admit the visiting Blues were a different class to Mourinho's timid side.
"I thought City were on a different level to United," said Neville. “It's tough to do what City have done - to come here and play like they have, showing authority and confidence.
Get the Daily Mirror free for a month with our tablet edition You can get a whole month of Britain's most loved newspaper free of charge… if you simply sign up for the tablet edition. The app - which automatically downloads the full paper to your tablet - is ready for you each morning. All new users can take advantage of a FREE one month trial. Download it now! The offer is available on… The iTunes store Google Play Kindle Fire Available to new subscribers only.
“You're talking about Barcelona or Real Madrid. Not many teams come here and do that.
“I even saw some United fans at the end clapping off the City manager and players. Seventy thousand United fans have walked out of here today thinking the best team have won.”
If only Mourinho could be so honest in his appraisal of City and the huge chasm and gulf in class that now exists between them and United.
Until he does that, his team will continue to be second-best to the neighbours and he'll keep operating in the shadow of Guardiola.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A boy aged just three-years-old was beaten to death with a baseball bat by two sisters because he stole a cupcake, police say.
Officials say Kejuan Mason sneaked the baked good from the kitchen while at home with Glenndria and Lashirley Morris.
Lashirley beat the child with a baseball bat while her sister Glenndria, his legal guardian, spanked him with her hand, according to the police indictment.
A post mortem found the young boy died from severe blunt force trauma to his head and torso.
(Image: FULTON COUNTY SHERIFFÕS OFFICE)
(Image: xxxxxxxxxxx)
The two sisters provided police with conflicting accounts of what happened on October 31 last year.
They initially said he had choked on the cupcake.
The sisters, from Atlanta in the United States, are charged with two counts of felony murder, one count of aggravated assault and two counts of cruelty in the first-degree.
They face life in prison without parole if found guilty.
According to US media reports, the child's mother had lost custody of her son when she lost her home, but she was attempting to get him back.
She had asked a judge to remove Kejuan from Glenndria's care when she noticed he had scratches and bruises, but her request was denied three days before he died, reported the Atlanta Journal-Constitution, a newspaper in the Georgia state capital.
Global private financial wealth grew by 5.3% to $166.5 trillion in 2016, led by higher economic growth and strong equity markets in many parts of the world, according to the Global Wealth 2017 report by the Boston Consulting Group. Asia-Pacific saw the highest growth at 9.5% but this was lower than the previous year's 12.3% growth. Slower growth in China affected the wealth of countries such as Australia, the report said. India posted a 12% growth in private client wealth, reaching the $2 trillion level, with most of the expansion coming from new household savings. The report says significant growth in wealth is projected in India, contributing to Asia-Pacific's growth, which is expected to increase by 9.9% annually till 2021, compared to the world's 6% annual increase.
Robust growth in private sector insurance
Private sector insurance clocked a strong 42% year-on-year growth in annual premium equivalent (APE) for the month of May, led by ICICI Prudential, according to Edelweiss Securities Ltd. This translated into a strong 24% growth for the industry although the country's largest firm Life Insurance Corporation of India, which controls nearly half the market share, posted a 4% growth in APE. Another interesting development is the 32% growth in ticket size (quantum of insurance) that drives premium growth too. The post-demonetisation period appears to have seen an increase in flows towards financial savings which has contributed to healthy growth, according to Edelweiss.
India's marine exports hit a high in fiscal year 2017
India's marine exports touched an all-time-high of $5.78 billion in fiscal year 2017, said a recent CARE Ratings report. The surge in exports was on the back of robust demand for frozen shrimps in the international market. In the marine export basket, frozen shrimps have the lion's share; they contributed 65% of the total value of marine exports in the last fiscal year. The Indian fisheries industry is a substantial foreign exchange earner and accounted for 2% of total export earnings in the last four fiscal years, said the report.
INFIGHTING in Zanu PF reached fever pitch yesterday when Vice-President Emmerson Mnangagwa dug in his heels, maintaining that he had fallen ill due to poisoning despite an earlier dismissal of these claims by Vice-President Phelekezela Mphoko.
Elias Mambo/Tinashe Kairiza/Bernard Mpofu
Mnangagwa, currently feeling the heat from a rival faction within the ruling party, recently fell ill during a rally, fuelling speculation that he had been poisoned. His sympathisers claimed he had been poisoned through ice cream made by President Robert Mugabe's Gushungo Dairies. He dismissed these allegations, but subtly insists he had been poisoned.
Mnangagwa is leading a faction angling to succeed Mugabe, while Mphoko is backing a group coalescing around First Lady Grace Mugabe.
Mnangagwa told the media in the capital during a press briefing, where private media journalists were barred, that his medical doctors, in the presence of Mugabe, had confirmed that he had been poisoned, not food poisoned.
“During the Ordinary Session of the Politburo held on September 6 2017 and the Ordinary Session of the Central Committee held on September 8 2017, I informed the meetings that my doctors had said that I was not food poisoned. I did not state that poison had been ruled out. It is most disappointing that a person at the level of my colleague, Vice-President Cde R .P Mphoko would misunderstand and misrepresent the statements made by his Excellency, the President R.G Mugabe and myself,” Mnangagwa said in a statement which was later broadcast on state-controlled television.
“During the briefing with His Excellency, the President Robert Mugabe, the medical doctors who attended to me ruled out food poisoning, but confirmed that indeed poisoning had occurred and that investigations were underway,” he said.
Mnangagwa added yesterday: “It is further disconcerting that the statement is littered with subjective falsehoods, mischievous perceptions and malicious innuendos written in a language and tone which is disrespectful and contemptuous to my person and indeed, to the office I occupy, that of Vice-President of the Republic of Zimbabwe and the Party Zanu PF.”
On Tuesday, Mphoko castigated his counterpart in government and party, following remarks delivered by Mnangagwa while presiding at the memorial service of the late Masvingo provincial affairs minister Shuvai Mahofa.
Meanwhile, Mugabe reportedly publicly clashed with his deputy Mnangagwa at the Harare International Airport upon his return from a state visit in neighbouring South Africa.
The public spat emanated from remarks Mnangagwa made in Masvingo while attending Mahofa's memorial service.
“Mnangagwa questioned why Mphoko had to issue a public statement concerning his health when he could have called him to discuss the issue,” the source said.
“Mnangagwa also wanted to know why Mphoko suggested that he had undermined the authority of the president when the issue of his illness was well-known by the president after doctors gave him an hour-long briefing.
“The heated exchange subsided when Mugabe arrived. However, Mnangagwa went straight to Mugabe to register his displeasure.
“The president did not want Mnangagwa to explain his issue, but instead questioned him the motive of his Masvingo utterances,” said the source, adding: “when Mnangagwa wanted to explain how the Mahofa issue came in, Mugabe did not want to listen.
“While Mnangagwa was explaining his reference to Mahofa, Mugabe, who had lost his temper, saying ‘nonsense, nonsense' until he got to his vehicle. Mugabe then stopped at his vehicle and gave Mnangagwa a chance.”
Sources said Mnangagwa told Mugabe that he was waiting for his permission to respond and publicise his medical and toxicological reports
“It was at this point that Mugabe said it was not necessary to continue fighting in public. Mugabe told Mnangagwa that such an issue needed to be resolved amicably and not in the public.”
While addressing the Mahofa family and Zanu PF supporters, Mnangagwa opened up on his food poisoning scare, saying he experienced what Mahofa at a Zanu PF conference in 2015 experienced when she was taken ill after a poison scare in Victoria Falls.
“I have come to tell you that what happened to Mai Mahofa in Victoria Falls is what also happened to me. I am making tremendous recovery. Those who wished me dead will be ashamed because when God's time for one to die is not up, he will not die. I still have many years to live and the truth will come out,” Mnangagwa said.
However, Mphoko on Tuesday night, while he was acting president, responded to Mnangagwa with a scathing statement, accusing his counterpart of lying and undermining Mugabe's authority.
In a statement, Mphoko alleged that Mnangagwa was also using his poisoning saga to cause tribal divisions for political expedience within Zanu PF. He added that Mnangagwa's claim was a “calculated” challenge to Mugabe's “public account that Mnangagwa's medical doctor ruled out poisoning
“There's now little doubt, if there ever was any, that there appears to be an agenda to undermine the authority of President Mugabe and to destabilise the country by using lies to fan ethnic tensions for political purposes,” Mphoko said.
In August, Mnangagwa was airlifted to South Africa for urgent medical attention following the poisoning scare at Zanu PF's youth interface rally in Gwanda.
Mnangagwa last month dismissed speculative reports that he had eaten poisoned ice cream from the First Family's Gushungo Dairies, although he did not dispute the poisoning narrative.
Meanwhile, in Harare last night, Grace launched an acerbic attack on Mnangagwa, saying the vice-president had crossed the line by accusing the First Family of attempting to poison him.
Grace also said she would not bow down to Mnangagwa's allies threatening to stage a coup if Mugabe chooses another candidate to succeed him.
“Even these days when false claims are being peddled by politicians, you hear some saying someone has been poisoned by ice cream from Alpha Omega. It's unfair. That is unfair to say that. Can I prepare just one cup for Mnangagwa, to kill Mnangagwa? I'm the wife of the president. Who is Mnangagwa? Who is he? Who would kill who here?” Grace said during the launch of Empower Bank last night.
“My husband is someone who is very disciplined when it comes to women. He is not a bambazonke (grab everything) type, never ever. He keeps me and me alone. Why would I want to kill someone who was appointed by my husband? It is nonsensical. If politics gets to this stage, it means you have run out of ideas. If you have run out of ideas, go home and retire. It is not proper to say you like the President yet you hate his wife, it's not possible. I asked you in the Midlands whether the President erred by appointing you.”
Mugabe's wife also warned the military against using coercion to drum up support for Mnangagwa. “We don't like people who go around threatening people that if their preferred candidate or Mnangagwa is not elevated to the presidency, we will shoot you. Kill if you can, why aren't you? We must all agree if the President says he wants to resign. We must all agree as a party over who shall take over. We say no to those who threaten to use bazookas. We are being threatened night and day that if so and so is not appointed (president), we will shoot you. We will not bow down to that pressure, never. You will have to arrest all of us for you to rule,” Grace said.
“We don't want people who intimidate us. Don't force people to vote you by threatening. If you choose to stage a coup, no one will recognise you. The AU doesn't recognise such a government and don't even dare talk about it. You have to be grateful that President Mugabe is a good man, otherwise some people would have been serving time now. Don't take that tolerance too far.”
Waukegan police have launched a homicide investigation after a person was found dead in a Walmart parking lot Monday evening.Police said they were called to the Walmart in the 3900-block of Fountain Square Place around 6 p.m. for a reported hit and run, as well as reports of shots fired. There, they found a person dead on the east side of the parking lot."We've canvassed for witnesses, located some witnesses. We're reviewing surveillance footage in the area," said Waukegan Police Chief Wayne Walles.Police did not release details of how the victim died. They said the store was busy with shoppers at the time, but the incident was contained to the less-busy northeast side of the parking lot.Police said the death did not appear to be a random act, and that they do not believe there is a threat to the community, but that the investigation is in its early stages."It does appear to us that based on what we've learned at this time, that this was not, and I repeat not, a random incident," Walles said.No information about any suspects or any vehicle descriptions have been released.
Gone With A Shot? Hopeful New Signs Of Relief For Migraine Sufferers
Enlarge this image toggle caption Photographer is my life/Getty Images Photographer is my life/Getty Images
Humans have suffered from migraines for millennia. Yet, despite decades of research, there isn't a drug on the market today that prevents them by targeting the underlying cause. All of that could change in a few months when the FDA is expected to announce its decision about new therapies that have the potential to turn migraine treatment on its head.
The new therapies are based on research begun in the 1980s showing that people in the throes of a migraine attack have high levels of a protein called calcitonin gene–related peptide (CGRP) in their blood.
Step by step, researchers tracked and studied this neurochemical's effects. They found that injecting the peptide into the blood of people prone to migraines triggers migraine-like headaches, whereas people not prone to migraines experienced, at most, mild pain. Blocking transmission of CGRP in mice appeared to prevent migraine-like symptoms. And so a few companies started developing a pill that might do the same in humans.
Clinical trials of the first pills were effective against migraine but halted in 2011 over concerns about potential liver damage. So, four pharmaceutical companies rejiggered their approach. To bypass the liver, all four instead looked to an injectable therapy called monoclonal antibodies — tiny immune molecules most commonly used to treat cancer. Not only do these bypass the liver to block CGRP, but one injection appears to be effective for up to three months with almost no noticeable side effects.
Two manufacturers, Amgen (in collaboration with Novartis) and Teva Pharmaceuticals, have completed clinical trials and expect to hear from the FDA by June whether the therapies have been approved. Two more companies, Eli Lilly and Alder Biopharmaceuticals, plan to file for FDA approval later this year.
Current treatments don't always work
It's been a long time coming. Right now, the only available preventive treatments are accidental discoveries: A number of people prescribed medications for depression, high blood pressure and epilepsy discovered migraine relief, too. Now, many of those drugs, including propranolol and topiramate, have been tested and approved for migraine. But no one drug works for everyone, and side effects can prove intolerable or downright unpleasant.
Migraines are throbbing, one-sided headaches that can be accompanied by nausea as well as sensitivity to light, sound, smell, and movement. At their best, the headaches are an annoyance. At their worst, they can be completely debilitating. So for those of us who get numerous migraines each month, the prospect of a new approach feels almost life-changing.
According to one recent survey by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, about 10 percent of men and 20 percent of women in the U.S. reported having had a migraine in the last three months. And up to two percent of all Americans has at least 15 migraine days every single month. The toll such pain can take on health, morale, and productivity is substantial.
My own migraines started when I was 13. They struck a few times a week and I thought they were normal headaches. For a while, I tried the usual over the counter pain relievers but, one by one, they stopped working. By age 25, I started to wonder if there was something seriously wrong with my head. My general practitioner diagnosed me with migraines, gave me my first preventive medication — an antidepressant — then sent me to see a specialist.
Since that day more than 17 years ago, I have tried six preventive prescription medications. Not one helped. I alternated among four different, neurologist-recommended supplements, all to no avail. I received bi-monthly injections of magnesium and participated in one of the first clinical trials of Botox. And while Botox seemed to decrease my migraines by one or two per month, it wasn't enough to bother fighting about it with a new insurance company. I exercised regularly. I experimented with an elimination diet that left me eating nothing but broccoli and white rice, but still the migraines came. I averaged about 15 to 20 each month.
Still, I considered myself lucky. The headaches almost never came with nausea, and I had medications that typically ousted them within an hour or two. All told, I usually lost only a few hours of productivity a week.
When I grew older and had two children, my body changed and my migraines changed, too. I get them less frequently now, but when they come, they can stick around for a few days or even a week. Abortive medications still work, except when they don't. So when I heard about a new approach that was making its way through a number of pharmaceutical company pipelines, I began combing through the national clinical trials database to find a trial near me. I found one about 80 miles away, which didn't seem too far a trek considering the tantalizing reward of a migraine-free life. I made an appointment.
Clinical trials seem promising
David Dodick, a neurologist at the Mayo Clinic in Phoenix, Ariz., has been involved in multiple clinical trials with each of the four anti-CGRP antibody treatments in development. And, he admits, he's optimistic. He has good reason to be: Each of the therapies decreases migraine frequency by at least one to two days per month. "In a field where, over time, the progress and pace of research in understanding the underlying biology and mechanism of disease has been slow, this was very exciting," he says.
Because migraines are not life-threatening, most drugs have to pass a pretty high bar to be approved. And so far, patients on the experimental treatments report limited side effects that consist mostly of pain at the injection site. Unlike the current preventive medications, there is no nausea, no fuzzy thinking, no nerve pain, no weight loss or gain. And instead of remembering to take a daily pill, there is just a once-monthly injection.
Neurologists already have patients eager to test these therapies, especially when everything else they've tried hasn't worked. "There's a big hole to fill, both in prevention and acute therapies," says Alexander Mauskop, director of the New York Headache Center in New York City. (Full disclosure: He's my former neurologist.) "If I have someone who's really suffering and can't find a solution, I tell them that in June I might have something new for them to try." Right now, he says, he has a list of about two dozen such patients.
High price tag
Even if the new therapies are approved, however, patients may still have to jump through a number of hoops to get them. Biologic therapies like these are expensive, and treatment could reportedly range anywhere from $8,000 to $18,000 a year. At that price, Mauskop and other neurologists expect insurance companies to require patients to have tried just about everything else first.
The other hitch at this stage is a lack of long-term safety data. "If someone is well-controlled with Botox or another drug, I'd not suggest they switch," Mauskop says. "With Vioxx, it took 10 years before they discovered that it increased the risk of heart problems."
Side effects are a potential concern. Elizabeth Loder, chief of headache at Brigham and Women's Hospital in Boston, points out that because CGRP constricts blood vessels, there may be potential long-term effects on blood pressure or other cardiovascular function. In women of childbearing age, who are the ones most prone to frequent migraines, "you can imagine that might have effects on fertility or placental function."
Right now, the longest patients have been on one of these new therapies is one to two years.
I ask Mauskop whether he'd recommend I enroll in a clinical trial, given my failure to respond to most everything else. He pauses, noting that he's no longer my neurologist and that he can't really give me any suggestions. But then he says that, since I'd previously shown some response to Botox, perhaps I might want to give it another try. I think about my two young children and my risk tolerance. Perhaps in ten years I'll feel differently. For now, however, I pick up the phone and cancel my clinical trial appointment.
Lauren Gravitz is a science writer and editor in Hershey, Penn. Her work has appeared in Nature, The Economist, Aeon, Discover, The Oprah Magazine, and more. Find her at www.laurengravitz.com and @lyrebard.
In a 5-4 decision, the U.S. Supreme Court held today that foreign corporations, even ones with branches in the United States, cannot be held liable for damages stemming from claims they participated in some way in or facilitated terrorist attacks.
The court's conservatives, making up the majority, held that foreign corporations may not be defendants under the Alien Tort Statute, a law dating back to 1789, originally put in place to deal with piracy. They said that a decision the other direction could deter corporate development.
The case involved the Arab Bank, a Jordanian financial institution with a branch in New York, was sued by the victims of a terrorist act committed abroad. The bank is accused of allowing terrorists to maintain bank accounts and helping finance terror attacks.
This decision will effectively put an end to human-rights lawsuits against overseas corporations that have ties to the United States.
RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) - Jurors in North Carolina are getting a round-up of testimony in a lawsuit filed by more than 500 neighbors of an industrial-scale swine operation.
The plaintiffs contend that open-air cesspools inflict them with intense, putrid smells that can't be removed from clothing or household fabrics for years.
Lawyers for Virginia-based Smithfield Foods maintain that the smells, traffic and noise don't hurt the neighbors' ability to enjoy their own property.
The jury has heard three weeks of testimony. This is the first of a series of test cases against the low-cost, high-volume methods of hog-production division used by the Chinese-owned company.
Lawyers for the neighbors say alternative methods don't cause such a nuisance, but the company uses open-air cesspools because they're cheap.
P.C. Mahalanobis had the genius to see that statistics was an area that could help India, says statistician Stephen Stigler of Chicago University. Photo: Pradeep Gaur/Mint
New Delhi: Independence of statistical agencies is important to protect the authenticity of data, said Stephen Stigler, Ernest DeWitt Burton Distinguished Service Professor and chair of the department of statistics at University of Chicago. Stigler is in India at the invitation of the Indian Statistical Institute to participate in the 125th birth anniversary year of P.C. Mahalanobis, the renowned statistician who played a key role in devising the industrialization strategy in India's second five year plan. In an interview, Stigler talks about the pros and cons of basing policy decisions on statistics for a diverse country like India and the challenges for statisticians in the current era of technology. Edited excerpts:
In a geographically vast country like India, how important are good statisticians?
India is dependent on statistics in ways not every country is. It is so large that trying to get a hold of the immensity of the problem and the potential solutions does require thinking in terms of statistics. Mahalanobis had the genius to see that statistics was an area that could help the country, help him and young people express their talents. Mahalanobis was a principled statistician who had a very good understanding of his times. He was a very good statistician.
India had changed dramatically after 1948. But some parts were not changing dramatically. The speed of industry was different and this is were Mahalanobis helped.
Also Read: Why India needs another statistical revolution
But now it is not advisable to plan five years ahead and stick with it no matter what happens. Now people want to make plans five years ahead but then change them in three months so that you can adapt to changes.
You have easier access to data, faster results as well as a fast changing environment.
It is good to get people to think ahead but it is not good to lock yourself into that.
How do you make data more robust?
The best data on a national level are data that are gathered continuously under the same definition. So that you can realistically see what is the change rather than a change that has come only because someone started counting differently. Then the real problem becomes how can you make those definitions in a way that they can withstand changes in time and changes in use. That's a very difficult question and it is becoming more difficult with the passage of time. It is common now to run more than one time series so that when you find you really have to change it, you can also keep the old one so that you can measure what's the real change.
How do you protect the authenticity and sanctity of data?
In most countries, you have people in government agencies with vested interests who want the data to come out a certain way. But they understand the process very well too. When they make a suggestion on how they want to change the way data is handled, sometimes it is self serving and corrupting and sometimes its based on knowing something that will yield a more meaningful answer. How can you tell the difference between the two?
Also Read: Repairing the house that Mahalanobis built
In the US, we try to keep the best statistical agencies independent. This does not mean that they foolishly lock out everybody and don't listen to any complaints. The bureau of census and the bureau of labour statistics in the US are hallmarks of a good statistical operation.
Has the role of a statistician become easier with access to more technology?
It has become more difficult. Partly because some of the techniques of statistics are now available to anybody who has a laptop and they think they are statisticians. People think they understand statistics and they don't and this is dangerous.
To what extent, policymakers should rely on data to make major decisions?
I met with some of the policymakers during my trip. The fact is that any policy decision is difficult. To express what you really need to know and then to find a way to measure it is a very hard task. You may need to do compromises to do anything useful. I don't see any less talent in India to cope with those than I see in the US.
JAMSHORO: Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) chairman Bilawal Bhutto Zardari on Friday said that golden jubilee of PPP foundation day will be celebrated with enthusiasm and ‘jiyala fervour' on November 30.
Chairing a meeting at Bilawal House on Friday, the PPP chief said that the party zealots will reiterate their commitment, conviction and allegiance to the party and its ideology for a peaceful, prosperous, and democratic Pakistan.
He said that PPP founder Zulfikar Ali Bhutto had established the party 50 years ago to serve the people of the country without any discrimination.
Those who attended the meeting included Chaudhry Manzoor Ahmed, Senator Sherry Rehman and PPP leader Faisal Karim Kundi.
Washington: The man who shot a congressman and four other people had apparently volunteered for Bernie Sanders' 2016 presidential campaign, the Vermont senator said before assailing violence as "unacceptable in our society."
"I am sickened by this despicable act," Sanders said Wednesday.
Sanders, 75, unsuccessfully sought the Democratic nomination against Hillary Clinton. Sanders, an independent, ran a passionate, anti-establishment campaign that won support from many younger, liberal voters and gave Clinton a closer race than many expected, but he eventually backed her candidacy.
The senator spoke hours after a man identified as James T Hodgkinson of Belleville, Illinois, opened fire on Republican lawmakers, aides and others practicing baseball in suburban Alexandria, Virginia. Officers shot Hodgkinson, who later died.
Sanders issued a two-paragraph statement on the shooting and read it nearly verbatim on the Senate floor. He ignored a reporter's attempt to ask him questions, walking briskly out of the Capitol after a vote.
"Violence of any kind is unacceptable in our society, and I condemn this action in the strongest possible terms," Sanders said. "Real change can only come about through nonviolent action, and anything else runs against our most deeply held American values."
Robert Becker, director of Sanders' Iowa campaign, said staff workers could not recall Hodgkinson. Hodgkinson was said to have been among 1,000 volunteers around Davenport, but Becker said, "Nobody has a recollection of this guy coming in."
Conservatives immediately seized on Hodgkinson's support for Sanders, with commentator Ann Coulter, a frequent voice on conservative cable news and talk radio, describing the gunman as "some nut Bernie Sanders supporter."
Other conservatives praised Sanders for not using his time on the Senate floor to call for tougher gun restrictions. Unlike some liberals, Sanders has a complicated record on guns.
Sanders has opposed some gun restrictions, including the Brady Bill requiring background checks for individuals buying firearms. Clinton criticized Sanders on the issue as her husband, Bill Clinton, signed the bill in 1993.
The issue played well for Clinton with liberals, particularly African-American voters who ultimately tilted the nomination to her.
Sanders defended his record on gun restrictions, arguing that residents of the more rural states like Vermont view guns differently than many urban voters.
Mark Longabaugh, who worked on Sanders' presidential campaign, said the senator struck the right tone in his comments after the shooting, avoiding finger-pointing and not arguing for any legislative action.
"I think it's a sad state of affairs for people to exploit a tragedy like this for their own political ends," he said.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The cousin of footballer Jamie O'Hara was one of 12 acid attack victims in a packed nightclub.
The former Portsmouth and Tottenham Hotspur midfielder, 30, posted a picture of his relative on Twitter with burn marks on her face.
Hundreds of revellers fled the terrifying scene after an “unknown corrosive substance” was sprayed at clubbers at a venue in east London.
O'Hara, who appeared in Celebrity Big Brother earlier this year and was previously married to model Danielle Lloyd, wrote: "Sick that my cousin got burnt from this acid attack in Hackney, innocent people get injured for the sick act of violence, guy should get life."
Around 600 revellers were at the late-night Easter Sunday party, hosted by dance music promoters LoveJuice in a converted laundry in Hackney.
(Photo: Facebook/@WeAreLoveJuiceOfficial)
(Photo: Getty)
(Photo: Birmingham Post and Mail)
Police said an argument between two groups escalated when one side sprayed the “unknown corrosive substance” at the other.
Two victims were seriously injured, with another 10 caught up in the melee shortly before 1am.
Emergency services treated 10 patients for burns at the scene before taking them to hospital nearby. Two more arrived at hospital with similar injuries later on.
One witness, who asked not to be named, said: “In the party in the basement there were girls making noise, I saw their friends ordering a bottle of water - they were putting it on them, they were splashing it on their faces.
“It was like a war - the police were everywhere.”
(Photo: i-Images Picture Agency)
A spokeswoman for London Fire Brigade said: “The only information that we have is that it was an unknown corrosive substance thrown within the nightclub. It was identified by a PH paper test as a strong acidic substance.”
A Met Police spokesman said: “Two of those injured - Victims 1 and 2; both men aged in their 20s - remain in a serious but stable condition. The others were treated for minor injuries.
“Officers believe a dispute between two groups of people developed inside the venue, resulting in a noxious substance being sprayed by a male suspect directly at Victims 1 and 2. Other people inside the venue suffered the effects of the substance.
(Photo: i-Images Picture Agency)
“The substance is yet to be identified, but it is believed to have been acidic.”
The road around the Mangle club, in a basement underneath a restaurant, was closed off and other local businesses locked their doors to allow a hazardous area response team to work around the venue.
Police are still searching for the attacker but said there was nothing to suggest it was gang-related.
'Primal Scream' Psychologist Arthur Janov Dies At Age 93 Psychologist Arthur Janov introduced the idea of a 'The Primal Scream' as a therapeutic tool. His work is still carried out today, though it remains a contentious technique.
ORGANIZATIONAL SCHOOL BOARD MEETING
NORTH BRANCH AREA EDUCATION CENTER ROOM 126
JANUARY 12, 2017
The School Board of North Branch Independent School District 138 held its Organizational meeting on Thursday, January 12, 2017, at 7:00 p.m. in the North Branch Area Education Center.
Roll Call: Kirby Ekstrom, Tim MacMillan, Cathie Pascavage, Darryl Goebel, Sarah Grovender, Mindy Michaud, and Superintendent Henton
Others in Attendance
Derrick Knutson, Jeff Andres, Lori Zimmerman, Becca Johnson, Diane Solberg, Scott Schraufnagel, Stacy Johnstone, Kirstin Perales, Coleman McDonough, Rebecca Chambers, Sonja Mueller, Joanne Kreitz, Joel Santjer, Anne Neu, Randi Johnson, Pat Tepoorten, and Arle Chambers
The Pledge of Allegiance was said by all.
The Oath of Office was read and Darryl Goebel, Sarah Grovender, Tim MacMillan, and Miranda Michaud were seated at the board table.
Nomination of Officers
Chair
Motion by Pascavage, seconded by Michaud to nominate Kirby Ekstrom as Chair. After a call for more nominations and none being received, Kirby Ekstrom was elected as Chair unanimously.
Vice Chair
Motion by Grovender, seconded by Goebel to nominate Tim MacMillan as Vice Chair. After a call for more nominations and none being received, Tim MacMillan was elected as Vice Chair unanimously.
Clerk
Motion by Ekstrom, seconded by MacMillan to nominate Mindy Michaud as Clerk. After a call for more nominations and none being received, Mindy Michaud was elected as Clerk unanimously.
Treasurer
Motion by MacMillan, seconded by Michaud to nominate Pascavage as Treasurer. After a call for more nominations and none being received, Cathie Pascavage was elected as Treasurer unanimously.
Setting Of Board Salary
Moved by MacMillan, seconded by Pascavage and carried unanimously to keep the current reimbursement of $60 per meeting and $125 for all day meetings lasting more than four hours and to keep the current reimbursement for officers at the following amount: Chair at $800 annually; Vice Chair at $500 annually and Clerk and Treasurer at $300 annually.
Designation of Official Newspaper
Moved by Ekstrom, seconded by MacMillan and carried unanimously to designate the Post Review as the official newspaper.
Appointment of Law Firm Knutson, Flynn & Deans
Moved by MacMillan, seconded by Michaud and carried unanimously to keep Knutson, Flynn & Deans as the district law firm.
Designation of Official Depositories Wells Fargo Bank, Associated Bank, MN Trust Bank, Minnco Credit Union, Neighborhood National Bank, and North Star Bank
Moved by MacMillan, seconded by Pascavage and carried unanimously to designate Wells Fargo Bank, Associated Bank, MN Trust Bank, Minnco Credit Union, Neighborhood National Bank, and North Star Bank as the official depositories.
Delegation of Authority to Make Electronic Funds Transfers on Behalf of the School District. Designate Randi Johnson, Paula Vaughn, Jennifer Thompson and Susan Shockley
Moved by MacMillan, seconded by Michaud and carried unanimously to designate Randi Johnson, Paula Vaughn, Jennifer Thompson and Susan Shockley the authority to make electronic funds transfers on behalf of the school district.
Setting Board Meeting Dates for 2017
Moved by Michaud, seconded by Goebel and carried unanimously to set the board meeting dates for 2017. The meeting dates for 2017 are as follows:
Meetings will be held at 5:30 pm.
Appointment of Board Committee Representatives
Moved by Goebel, seconded by Michaud and carried unanimously to approve the following committee assignments for 2017:
Authorization to use current check signer plate until new plate is processed
Moved by MacMillan, seconded by Pascavage and carried unanimously to use the current check signer plate until a new plate is processed.
Approval of Resolution Providing Limited Authorization for the Superintendent and Director of Finance and Human Resources to Sign Contracts
Member McMillan introduced the following resolution and moved its adoption:
RESOLUTION PROVIDING LIMITED AUTHORIZATION FOR THE SUPERINTENDENT AND DIRECTOR OF FINANCE AND HUMAN RESOURCES TO SIGN CONTRACTS
WHEREAS, Independent School District No. 138, North Branch, Minnesota (the School District) is an independent school district duly formed and organized pursuant to Minnesota law; and
WHEREAS, Minn. Stat. 123B.52, subd. 2 allows a school board of an independent school district to authorize the superintendent and business manager to sign contracts within the school districts adopted budget, and
WHEREAS, Minn. Stat. 123B.52, subd. 1 stipulates that contracts made without compliance with that statute shall be void.
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the School Board that the Superintendent and Director of Finance and Human Resources shall have the authority to execute and deliver contracts within the School Districts adopted budget, as approved by the School Board. Any transaction in an amount exceeding the minimum for which bids are required must first be specifically authorized by the School Board and must fulfill all other applicable requirements.
The motion for the adoption of the foregoing resolution was duly seconded by Member Michaud, and upon vote being taken thereon, the following voted in favor thereof: Ekstrom, MacMillan, Pascavage, Goebel, Grovender, Michaud
and the following voted against: None
whereupon said resolution was declared duly passed and adopted.
Adoption of School Board Policy Book
Moved by Pascavage, seconded by Grovender and carried unanimously to adopt the School Board Policy Book.
Adjournment
Chair Ekstrom adjourned the Organizational meeting at 7:30 p.m. to go into the Regular Board Meeting.
Mindy Michaud, Clerk
Published in the
ECM Post Review
February 15, 2017
653024
http://ecmpostreview.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/35/2017/02/653024-1.pdf
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It never fails to be a huge pull in the world of reality TV.
And it seems that after BB's dismal display in the ratings war with Love Island, this year's Celebrity Big Brother has brought a plethora of famous faces to the new series.
The show first launched on Channel 4 back in 2001, and for Series 20, show bosses will be pulling out all of the stops, and then some.
Celebrity Big Brother kicked off on Tuesday 1 August 2017 - just days after the civilian Big Brother ended to continue are TV-filled summer.
When is Celebrity Big Brother's next eviction?
The next CBB eviction takes place on Friday 18 August.
Emma Willis will present the live eviction which airs at 8.30pm on Channel 5.
When is the Celebrity Big Brother 2017 final?
Since the launch night took place on 1 August, we should expect a winner to be announced around September 1. However, Channel 5 are yet to confirm the exact date for the final.
While the winter series in January tend to be almost exactly a month long, in summer Celebrity Big Brother has often been a little bit shorter.
So fans could see one of the 15 celebrities crowned the winner by the end of this month.
(Image: Channel 5)
Before series 18 the summer edition had always kicked off either in mid or late August.
The brand new CBB logo was unveiled ahead of the new series and this time features a glamourous gold design.
Who is in the Celebrity Big Brother 2017 line-up?
15 celebrities entered the house on launch night - and there are some very famous names on the bill.
You can see the full list on confirmed contestants here.
Who is hosting Celebrity Big Brother 2017?
Once again the reigning queen of all things CBB, Emma Willis, is hosting the show with Rylan leading his spin-off Celebrity Big Brother's Bit on the Side.
Naturally, they'll be joined by a host former housemates, such as Coleen Nolan, Vanessa Feltz and Aisleyne Horgan-Wallace.
(Image: Channel 5)
What is the Celebrity Big Brother house like in 2017?
A statement from Big Brother producers reveals the celebrities will be living in either a holiday haven or holiday hell.
"This summer, our celebrities will take a break from their hectic schedules for a stay in the country's top celeb retreat - the Celebrity Big Brother house," says Channel 5.
"Here they can let down their guard and unwind away from the paparazzi. It's sure to be holiday heaven for some celebrities and a holiday from hell for others."
"The Big Brother house is undergoing a complete redesign ready for its new star guests. It will become a high-end retreat inspired by celeb hotel hang-outs.
"But while the celebs kick back and let their hair down, Big Brother never takes a day off – after all, he wants to ensure that the celebrities will have an experience that they will NEVER forget!"
Celebrity Big Brother's Bit On the Side is on weeknights with Rylan Clark-Neal. Joining him will be a variety of celebrity panellists, talking heads and an audience of CBB fans to debate hot topics, reveal exclusives and go behind the scenes of the main show.
Last summer's Celebrity Big Brother saw Stephen Bear crowned winner after four weeks of huge drama in the house.
That's about the normal length of time celebs are kept in the CBB house before the victor is announced.
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool fans have reacted to the news that Loris Karius will remain as the club's No.1 for next season.
With no target available, Jurgen Klopp has decided to back the under-fire shot-stopper and trust in his abilities.
Karius has been heavily linked with a move away from Liverpool ever since his disastrous display in the Champions League final.
The German made two blunders to gift Real Madrid the win and hand Zinedine Zidane's men their third major European trophy in as many years.
News of Klopp's decision to back Karius didn't take long to reach fans' ears - and the reaction was mostly negative.
(Image: Liverpool FC)
One Reds supporter tweeted: "As if Karius is staying as number 1. Pointless any outfield signings we make, going nowhere with that clown in the sticks."
Another posted: "If Klopp's decision to back and trust Karius backfires, then I think it will become clear that Jurgen Klopp is simply not ruthless enough. And it's impairing his ability to make the needed ruthless decisions to improve the team. Most managers know when a player's not good enough."
(Image: Andrew Powell/Liverpool FC via Getty Images)
But there were some fans who agreed with the Liverpool boss's decision.
One supporter tweeted: "Prove em wrong Loris Karius."
Another in favour of the decision posted: "If Jurgen is going to continue to trust in Karius and it's his choice he's the manager, then our next most important signing will be Nabil Fekir. We need to replace what the team lost when PC left us. We missed that in the final. Firmino was completely offline and missing"
Technological development in heat exchanger and growth in HVACR (Heating Ventilation Air Conditioning and Refrigeration) process equipment are pushing the market towards growth. Recent study shows that emerging trends in HVAC and its applications, have a direct impact on the dynamics of the heat exchanger industry, such as the development of waste heat recovery heat exchangers and the introduction of exhaust gas recirculation coolers. However, fluctuating prices of raw material acting as a major barrier to the growth of the heat exchanger market.
Increasing stringent environmental regulations across the globe is the major factor driving the demand of market. Additionally, technological advancements in heat exchanger also have the positive influence on the growth of the market. However, fluctuating prices of raw material and high cost of synthetic may restrict the growth of the market.
Global Heat Exchanger Market – Competitive Analysis
Global Heat Exchanger Market appears to be highly fragmented and competitive owning to the presence of numerous large and medium players active in regional market. The key strategies traced from the analysis of recent developments of the key players include Product Launch, Agreement & Partnership, Acquisition and expansion. Strategic partnerships between Key players support the growth and expansion plans of the key players during the forecast period. On the product and sales side, companies are investing in innovation/R&D, brand building, and fostering strong relationships with customers to support their competitive position.
Get Sample Report for more Information @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/2963
THE hallowed turf of Anfield has seen some pretty special scenes in its 126 years of housing Liverpool Football Club.
But the theatre and sheer entertainment value of what Jurgen Klopp, Mohamed Salah and a simply rampant Reds side dished up, on what will quickly become another famous European night, was on another level.
“The Liverpool fans are certainly used to the extraordinary on European nights at Anfield. But they have never experienced anything quite like this,” wrote Sky Sports analyst Adam Bate while The Guardian's Barney Ronay was equally incredulous to the action he had just witnessed, “But this was something new. Liverpool and Salah did not just accelerate away from Roma, they eviscerated them.”
All the build up to the highly anticipated semi-final clash – which ended in an astounding 5-2 mauling in favour of the Premier League giants – centred around Mohamed Salah.
Roughly 10 months ago, the Egyptian swapped the crimson of AS Roma for the red of Liverpool and in joining forces with Klopp quickly and magnificently transformed into one of the world's most devastating attackers.
At Anfield, he turned in one of his best performances – and considering the stage, the history, the pressure and the expectation – it is quite possibly the best in a number of years.
Ronay suggested that “There may be a more breathtakingly brilliant attacking performance in Europe this season but, given the game and the stage, there has not been one yet.”
While Paul Hayward of The Telegraph paid the prolific wide man the ultimate compliment for any Liverpool player, by adding that “you could feel the PFA Player of the Year easing into the company of Kenny Dalglish and Steven Gerrard.”
Camera Icon Liverpool's Egyptian midfielder Mohamed Salah celebrates after scoring their second goal with teammates Picture: AFP
Salah's two goals and two assists showcased the completeness of this game and prompted Gerrard himself to label the recently awarded Premier League top performer “Without a shadow of a doubt, he's the best player on the planet right now.”
According to The Telegraph's Sam Wallace, “the belief seems to prevail that when Salah is on the pitch then anything is possible.”
And it's really hard to argue otherwise. His opening strike was almost as outrageously simple as that he decided to score. Salah picked up the ball with nothing happening and took it upon himself to slot it in the top corner past a stopper, Alisson Becker, lauded as ‘The Messi of goalkeepers.'
Speaking of Messi, it's hard to argue that the Reds magician isn't surging ahead of the Argentine and closing on Cristiano Ronaldo in the race for the Ballon d'Or.
Camera Icon Liverpool's Egyptian midfielder Mohamed Salah celebrates after scoring Picture: AFP
“If Mo Salah keeps on doing what he's doing, he's not only in the conversation, he's got a very good chance of winning it,” said former Arsenal striker Ian Wright on The Debate.
With his brace against the Serie A side, Salah moved ahead of Ronaldo to assume top spot in the European goal scoring rankings, albeit with the ridiculously in-form Portuguese superstar due to line up in a semi-final of his own against Bayern Munich on Thursday morning AEST.
“In this form it would have taken half a dozen Roman centurions to stop him,” wrote Hayward, and the inability of even his ex-teammates to stop him was a telling indication of just how rampant nick he's in.
“Indeed, at times it was like watching a second-rate matador at constant risk of being gored,” Bate said of the stunning shellacking that was largely dictated by the winger who, alongside his attacking lieutenants Roberto Firmino and Sadio Mane, completely dismantled a side who had shut out the likes of Lionel Messi and Luis Suarez two weeks earlier.
Camera Icon The scoreboard show the result at the end of the Champions League semifinal Picture: AP
The Reds carry an equally grandiose lead as the Catalans brought into their now infamous capitulation at the Stadio Olimpico, however BBC head football writer Phil McNulty expects their visit to go differently.
“Liverpool, however, have surely come too far and possess too much weaponry to fall foul of the same fate as Barcelona,” he wrote with the expectation that Klopp's side will be lining up against one of Real and Bavaria in Kiev on May 27.
And we're almost to the point where it would take a brave individual to bet against them getting the job done – even against such colossuses of European football.
“Behemoths of the game they may be – and they will certainly not walk blindfold into battle like the Romans – but they will feel vulnerable in the face of the most prolific and devastating attacking trio in Europe,” weighed in Sarah Winterburn of Football365.
Liverpool is just 180 minutes from lifting the Champions League for a sixth time. Let that sink in.
The quest to save feline fire refugees: Rescuers stalk burned-out Santa Rosa zone
Photo: Lea Suzuki / The Chronicle Image 1 of / 5 Caption Close Image 1 of 5 Jennifer Petruska (left), founder of the pet rescue project, hugs Nancy Mazzoni after telling her that her lost cat, Spicey, has been spotted on a video camera. Mazzoni lost her house and another cat. Jennifer Petruska (left), founder of the pet rescue project, hugs Nancy Mazzoni after telling her that her lost cat, Spicey, has been spotted on a video camera. Mazzoni lost her house and another cat. Photo: Lea Suzuki / The Chronicle Image 2 of 5 Jennifer Petruska (left), founder of the pet rescue project, and Katrina Phillips head out of a supply tent as Phillips gets ready to restock cat feeding stations. Jennifer Petruska (left), founder of the pet rescue project, and Katrina Phillips head out of a supply tent as Phillips gets ready to restock cat feeding stations. Photo: Photos By Lea Suzuki / The Chronicle Image 3 of 5 A photo of Jorgeanne LaBou of Santa Rosa reunited with Mittens after she took it out of the trap is seen on a Reunited poster in the Found Pets kiosk on Thursday, May 24, 2018 in Santa Rosa, Calif. A photo of Jorgeanne LaBou of Santa Rosa reunited with Mittens after she took it out of the trap is seen on a Reunited poster in the Found Pets kiosk on Thursday, May 24, 2018 in Santa Rosa, Calif. Photo: Lea Suzuki / The Chronicle Image 4 of 5 Jennifer Petruska, founder of Sonoma and Napa Fires Pet Rescue and Reunification, displays a cat caught on camera on the lot where the Mazzoni's home used to stand on Thursday, May 24, 2018 in Santa Rosa, Calif. Mazzoni (not shown) is a volunteer and lost her her home and her cat, Precious, in the North Bay fire and are hoping to be reunited with their other cat, Spicey. less Jennifer Petruska, founder of Sonoma and Napa Fires Pet Rescue and Reunification, displays a cat caught on camera on the lot where the Mazzoni's home used to stand on Thursday, May 24, 2018 in Santa Rosa, ... more Photo: Lea Suzuki / The Chronicle Image 5 of 5 Jennifer Petruska (l to r), founder of Sonoma and Napa Fires Pet Rescue and Reunification, and Nancy Mazzoni hug after Petruska informed Mazzoni that her cat Spicey had been spotted on a video camera the day before on Thursday, May 24, 2018 in Santa Rosa, Calif. less Jennifer Petruska (l to r), founder of Sonoma and Napa Fires Pet Rescue and Reunification, and Nancy Mazzoni hug after Petruska informed Mazzoni that her cat Spicey had been spotted on a video camera the day ... more Photo: Lea Suzuki / The Chronicle The quest to save feline fire refugees: Rescuers stalk burned-out Santa Rosa zone 1 / 5 Back to Gallery
They call them fire cats.
There are hundreds of them, wandering the flame-blasted Wine Country landscape, driven from their homes in those awful October days when fires tore through the homes, backyards and streets they know so well.
When the blazes finally backed down and the fire cats crept back, they found their humans gone and their houses turned to ash. So they've wandered the fields and streets ever since, some with fur still burned off, others with melted ears or heat-shattered claws.
For domesticated kitties, this feral life is a nightmare compared to curling up on the couch with a human companion. So a plucky — some might say compassionately obsessed — group of more than 100 volunteers has made it their mission to set things right.
Founded by 48-year-old cat lover Jennifer Petruska of Santa Rosa, the group is a batch of amateur but determined cat wranglers who spend their days and nights setting out food and cameras in the fire zone, then capturing roving kitties with clever traps.
Their effort goes by the unwieldy name of Sonoma & Napa Fires Pet Rescue and Reunification, and over the past eight months volunteers have trapped 350 felines and ferried them back to their owners. Another 200 cats were trapped and “re-housed” with new owners when nobody claimed them.
That still leaves 427 cats listed as missing on the rescue group's Facebook database. Petruska and her friends started compiling the list by scouring posters and web postings from grieving owners looking for their cats, and then, as word of their crusade spread, the pleas for help poured in and the list swelled exponentially.
The group knows that some of those 427 may have perished in the flames. But they're determined to keep searching and trapping until they get every living cat back to its keeper.
“I just love being able to do this — when someone's life has been utterly destroyed, you can hand them back a piece of it, a piece of their family, a cat that they love,” Petruska said the other day as she tended to one of the 35 feeding stations the group has set up around Santa Rosa's devastated Coffey Park neighborhood.
“That moment is a life-altering event,” she said. “And I've been privileged to do this many, many times with fire cats — many of us have. It's wonderful.”
Petruska's home was on the edge of Coffey Park and barely missed being one of the nearly 8,000 structures that burned in October throughout Sonoma and Napa counties. She fled that night with her own cats, Sophie and May, but the next day she came back and was floored by the destruction of her neighborhood.
In the days that followed, she noticed something else: wandering cats, looking dazed. Flyers for missing cats on poles everywhere, postings on the web. It tore at her heart.
“About four days after the fire, my mom and I set up about 100 feeding stations all over Coffey Park,” said Petruska, who works in finance. She started talking to groups like Forgotten Felines, which helps feral cats, and Wine Country Animal Lovers, going to meetings of pet owners, and soon she'd started a cause.
Within weeks more than 100 volunteers were setting out 250 feeding stations with dry cat food and water bowls, along with cameras to record which cats came to which stations at what time of night. When they determined which kitties showed up regularly, they set out yummier stuff — mackerel, cooked bacon — in a trap and waited in a nearby car.
When a cat came for the extra-good stuff, the trapper waited until it crept into the trap to dine, and then pulled a rope or pushed a remote-control button to lower the door. Volunteers then matched the cat to a “missing” posting, and soon after came the usually tearful reunions.
One of those came on the morning of Nov. 22, when Petruska called Jorgeanne LaBou of Santa Rosa to tell her she had captured what looked like the black-and-white, 6-year-old Mittens shown in a “missing” poster.
“It was one of the happiest days of my life,” said LaBou, 55. She had driven away from her house on Shelbourne Way in Coffey Park the first night of the fires with cat Prince and dog Grommet in carrying cages, and though she hadn't been able to find Mittens in time, she figured she'd return to an intact house.
“My mom and I went back that next day and everything was burned up,” she said. “My mom said, ‘The cat's dead, honey,' but I didn't believe it, and I went back for six weeks, looking over and over.”
When Mittens finally came home to the apartment LaBou rents while her home gets rebuilt, her fur and whiskers had been singed short, and her front claws were mostly burned off.
“She hid under the bed for a month and ate as much as four cats, but she finally came back to being herself again,” LaBou said. “Thank God those people are out there in the middle of the night catching cats. They are heroes.”
One of the group's volunteers is actually still looking for her own cat.
Nancy Mazzoni, 62, obeyed orders to evacuate her home on Mocha Lane in Santa Rosa, and when she couldn't find her two cats to take along, she told herself they'd be fine — along with the house — the next day.
She came back to find her home destroyed; Precious, her tortoiseshell cat, dead in the ruins of a cabinet where she had hidden; and black Spicey gone. Mazzoni now wears a locket with some of Precious' ashes in it.
The other day, she set out a feeding station on her home lot after Petruska told her someone had seen Spicey hanging out in a nursery nearby. It was time to put out a trap.
“Oh my God, I am so glad to hear this,” Mazzoni said, collapsing in tears into Petruska's arms.
“It'll be soon, now, you'll see,” Petruska said, hugging her. “Spicey will be home.”
As the months went by, the rescue group has taken on a leaderless, collective form, with everyone happily pitching in to do what needed to be done. Petruska said she's ecstatic that she now has so many new friends with the same love for cats — and it's been all cats, really, even though the group name is for pets. Turns out dogs don't bolt into the wild quite the same way cats do.
The group doesn't have an end date in mind for wrangling fire cats.
“None of us knew what to do when we started this thing,” volunteer Katrina Phillips, 43, said. “We all learned on the way. But we shared knowledge and we got it down, and I think we'll keep doing this until we don't find any more cats.”
Kevin Fagan is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: kfagan@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @KevinChron
By The Associated Press
All Times EST Eastern Conference Atlantic Division W L PCT GB Westchester 11 5 .688 — Long Island 9 5 .643 1 Maine 8 7 .533 2½ Raptors 4 9 .308 5½ Central Division W L PCT GB Fort Wayne 10 4 .714 — Wisconsin 9 5 .643 1 Grand Rapids 7 9 .438 4 Canton 5 7 .417 4 Windy City 5 7 .417 4 Southeast Division W L PCT GB Lakeland 9 5 .643 — Greensboro 5 10 .333 4½ Erie 5 10 .333 4½ Delaware 3 11 .214 6 Western Conference Midwest Division W L PCT GB Oklahoma City 8 7 .533 — Sioux Falls 6 7 .462 1 Memphis 6 8 .429 1½ Iowa 4 8 .333 2½ Pacific Division W L PCT GB South Bay 10 3 .769 — Santa Cruz 10 6 .625 1½ Agua Caliente 8 6 .571 2½ Reno 5 8 .385 5 Northern Arizona 5 9 .357 5½ Southwest Division W L PCT GB Rio Grande Valley 13 3 .813 — Austin 9 7 .563 4 Texas 7 7 .500 5 Salt Lake City 3 11 .214 9
___
Saturday's Games
Memphis 112, Greensboro 94
Lakeland 109, Fort Wayne 108 OT
Texas 127, Maine 105
Long Island 109, Wisconsin 105
Sunday's Games
Austin 111, Santa Cruz 104
Oklahoma City 127, Memphis 123
Westchester 123, Northern Arizona 103
Reno 133, South Bay 100
Monday's Games
Texas at Long Island, 7 p.m.
South Bay at Salt Lake City, 9 p.m.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Topshop is reportedly set to remove till displays from more than 300 stores across the country following the death of a 10-year-old schoolboy who was crushed when one fell on top of him.
Meanwhile, one employee of the retail giant has claimed the till display barrier should not have been able to fall if it was properly secured to the floor.
Tragic Kaden Reddick suffered severe head injuries and died after the horrific accident on the first day of half-term.
It is believed Kaden may have somehow pulled the heavy display unit onto himself at a branch of the clothing giant in Reading.
Located near the tills, the display barriers usually contain smaller items such as socks, purses, hair accessories and sometimes sweets.
(Photo: INS News)
One Topshop employee told The Sun a 'company wide' order had been sent out to remove the till displays.
The staff member added: "That [one that toppled over] shouldn't be possible as they should be properly fixed to the floor."
A spokesman for Topshop refused to confirm or deny the recall and said it was "not making any further comment" beyond a statement issued on Tuesday
The statement said: "The Topshop board together with thousands of staff are deeply saddened by the horrific accident that occurred in our Reading store yesterday afternoon.
"All our thoughts are very much with the family at this difficult time.
"We are thoroughly investigating all the events surrounding this extremely sad situation."
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in Scene at Oracle Shopping Centre after fatal Topshop accident Share this video Watch Next
Thames Valley Police say detectives are continuing to investigate the accident which happened at the Oracle Shopping Centre.
Onlookers were left in tears as paramedics rushed to treat Kaden on the floor of the Topshop at around 4pm.
He was then rushed to hospital but died hours later.
The store remained closed for business on Tuesday.
(Photo: INS News +44 (0) 1189440600)
Kaden's parents, Lisa Cooper Mallett and Ian Reddick, were last night being comforted by family and friends.
Kaden's aunt Chantelle, who lives in Plymouth, confirmed her nephew's death and added: "Kaden only ever made me laugh and smile.
"He had an infectious personality and the world is now truly missing the sweetest boy it could have asked for.
"I just want people to know, on this Valentine's, to take life by the horns because literally every second is sacred.
"Kaden never knew how many people truly loved him."
Another auntie Chantellie Lace paid tribute to Kaden on Facebook.
She wrote: "My heart has been breaking from the moment I got the news and it hits home how fickle life really is.
"Never take anything for granted because it can disappear so quickly.
"From naming my cat Merlin to stealing my DS for an entire evening, Kaden only ever made me laugh and smile.
"He had an infectious personality and the world is now truely missing the sweetest boy it could have asked for."
Witness Erika Fabiane Silva told of the moment she was asked to leave the shop.
(Photo: PA)
She wrote on Facebook that she was at the store when the accident happened.
She said: “They asked for us to get out of the door and the people that were inside were all crying.”
She described it as an “accident with furniture” and said that the youngster had “hurt his head”.
A lone Police Community Support Officer and a security guard were posted on a scene watch outside the store on Tuesday although the shop was closed for business.
Roller shutters were pulled half-down over the entrance to the shop as customers were turned away from the first floor outlet at the Oracle, alongside the River Kennet.
Thames Valley Police said the boy's death is being treated as unexplained but not suspicious.
In a statement the force said the child "suffered serious head injuries after an incident involving a store display barrier".
Detective Superintendent Paul Hayles said: "We are supporting the boy's family to assist them at this very difficult time.
"We continue to investigate the circumstances surrounding this death.
"A scene watch is in place at the Topshop store and is likely to be in place for some time."
"Detectives are now working with the local authority and the store owners to gather all of the information on how this incident happened."
Officers are working with Reading Borough Council, which has responsibility for health and safety issues in retail outlets in the town.
A spokesman for the council said: "As the enforcing authority for health and safety within retail premises, we will be working closely with the police, who are, at present, leading on the investigation.
"We are contacting all parties involved in order to carry out our investigation into this tragic incident."
A spokesman for the Health and Safety Executive said that the organisation did not have the powers to investigate in shops at the Oracle.
A pathologist was due to carry out a postmortem examination before the case is passed to the corner.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Some people do quite bizarre things during sex. Or just before, immediately after.
Be it fetish or fantasy, or even just the desire the knock up a bowl of crab gnocci while other people get to it, some humans are unquestionably sexually adventurous.
Women on Mumsnet have been sharing the more peculiar encounters they've had in the bedroom. Most of them are cringeworthy, while some are simply hilarious.
(Photo: E+)
The discussion came to light around the same time cult magazine Popb**** shared an incredible anecdote about an unnamed former cabinet minister who allegedly says to his wife while in the throws of passion: "Do you want want more? Because there is more".
Well! Here are some more stories...
The most amusing come from NotTheFordType , who writes: "I've got one guy who exclaims 'Holy macaroni!' at the point of orgasm.
"Another one who said very formally 'Thank you' before dismounting.
"A very posh ex-public schoolboy who declaimed "Here it comes. HERE. IT. COMES!" in cut glass tones, as he ejaculated."
They say their current partner isn't quite so vocal, but looks rather like internet feline 'Grumpy Cat' at the vital moment.
Others chime in. VoyageofDad writes: “I knew a guy who used call out random bits of kitchenware.
"‘Kenwood mixer'. ‘Ceramic hob' etc.”
(Photo: Getty)
And on the other end of the spectrum, one woman explains: “Had one who didn't make a single noise. Most disconcerting. Didn't see him again.”
While Saleorbouy writes: “After a friend took back a girl from the club they ended up in the bedroom.
“Naked on all fours on the bed she turned to say ‘None of yer fancy stuff, just horse it into me!'”
Another woman shares: “I overheard my uni housemate cry ‘smash my pasty' when she was having sex.
“I've never been able to go into Greggs without thinking of it!”
(Photo: Getty)
And, finally, this, which is just... absolutely incredible, really: "A very odd man I once dated got out of bed mid-dtd [sex] to look for a pound coin which he'd dropped in the hallway and had rolled into the hallway cupboard.
"He literally was emptying this cupboard out, standing naked with a big pile of stuff around him, a tent, old rucksacks, towels etc (the sort of crap a single bloke in his thirties would keep in his airing cupboard). Even when I offered to give him a different pound, he still wouldn't come back to bed.
"He said he couldn't even think about finishing until he'd found it."
Okay then.
© Jon Nazca / Reuters
The Spanish Constitutional Court has ordered a suspension of a Catalan parliament session on Monday, at which the local MPs planned to announce the region's unilateral independence from Madrid.The court ruling cameand opposes secession from Madrid, according to El Pais.Earlier,due to the referendum it is planning to address, which was outlawed by the Constitutional Court, AP reported.Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy has again called on Catalan leaders to give up on any unilateral declaration of independence."Is there a solution? Yes, there is," Rajoy said in an interview with Efe news agency. "And the best one would be a return to legality and the swiftest possible confirmation that there won't be a unilateral independence declaration because that way greater evils could still be avoided."Catalan regional leader Carles Puigdemont reiterated on Wednesday that that the local authorities "have to present the results of the referendum to parliament" in the next couple of days.An independence referendum was held in the prosperous Spanish region of Catalonia on Sunday, despite the central government in Madrid labeling it "unconstitutional."According to local authorities, around 90 percent of the voters said "yes" to cutting ties with Spain in the plebiscite, in which less than half of the Catalan population participated.The EU has urged both sides to refrain from steps that would provoke more unrest, as seen last Sunday.European Commission First Vice President Frans Timmermans said on Thursday, however, that EU member states have the right to use "proportionate" force defending the rule of law.Earlier, the European Commission backed the Spanish government's stance that the referendum was unlawful, calling the police crackdown an "internal matter" for Spain.The comments by the EU led to accusations of "hypocrisy" by Serbian President Aleksandar Vucic, who said: "How come that in the case of Catalonia the referendum on independence is not valid, while in the case of Kosovo, secession [from Serbia in 2008] is allowed even without a referendum?"
The government ‘needs' to take leadership on forging a more dynamic environment for ultrafast broadband and wireless networks
Ramping up digital connectivity is crucial for the UK to remain competitive following exit from the European Union, according to a new study from industry body techUK.
The report recommended the government take actions including amending Ofcom's statutory duties to improve the regulatory environment for innovative digital services.
Other recommendations included supporting a higher and sustained level of investment in fixed and wireless communications networks from industry, boosting collaboration between the government and industry, considering innovative spectrum licences and ensuring the UK continues to participate in European and international technology development efforts.
‘Global Britain'
The study emphasises the importance of connectivity to emerging digital applications across all sectors of the country, including farming and policing.
“As the UK looks to reposition itself as Global Britain, improving digital infrastructure will also incentivise investment and innovation necessary to raise productivity and deliver economic growth for the whole country,” said techUK chief executive Julian David.
He said boosting the UK's connectivity would require setting up “more effective and efficient partnerships across all levels of government and with public agencies and industry”.
Targets recommended by the study for 2020 include near-universal availability of superfast broadband and at least 90 percent availability of ultrafast broadband, widespread geographic coverage by a variety wireless networks along with early 5G commercial deployment, near-ubiquitous mobile broadband on roads, on-board mobile broadband and Wi-Fi on all major rail routes and seamless Wi-Fi connections in airports.
What is your biggest cybersecurity concern? Ransomware
Humans / Social Engineering
Out of date tools
DDoS
State sponsored hackers
Malware
Other View Results
Loading ... Loading ...
techUK argues the UK must remember that it's competing not only with other European countries, but also with aspiring nations that may have fewer regulatory constraints, a lack of legacy networks and significant public sector investment.
“As a result, the benchmark for great connectivity is continuously shifting,” the report finds. “To remain in the top league, we need to continue to expand and enhance our capability in digital connectivity, which will require higher but sustainable levels of investment.”
Emerging applications
On farms, the group argues the widespread use of internet-enabled precision techniques allowing farmers to work on a per-plant and animal basis could help overcome revenue and labour challenges.
“Great connectivity will drive the uptake of automated agribots, the use of a variety of low-cost sensor packages, including the use of drones,” the report states. “Cloud computing will enable the better use of data analysis as well as the reduction of costs incurred due to reporting.”
Advanced networks could allow police to instantly share information including DNA and fingerprint data and to livestream video footage to control rooms.
techUK praised Ofcom for promoting “pioneering, innovative and dependable regulatory approaches”, but argued reworking its statutory duties could aid in creating a more flexible regulatory environment that could include localised, licence-exempt or dynamic spectrum access mechanisms.
The group cautioned that the UK will need to continue to align itself with EU-led spectrum approaches and to collaborate with the EU and member states on wireless and digital standards initiatives. But it argued the UK could ideally find itself “at liberty to align its policies with the EU where it sees fit but also able to diverge where benefits arise”.
“As we forge new trading relationships with our neighbours in Europe and across the world, it is a priority that the UK remains one of the top locations for developing and using digital technology,” techUK wrote in the report. “To achieve this, we must set ourselves an ambition to have great connectivity, not only in comparison with our European counterparts but across the world.”
Do you know all about broadband and the ultra-fast future? Try our quiz!
Updated at 10:58 a.m. ET
President Trump and French President Emmanuel Macron will field questions from reporters on Tuesday, in between talks on the Iran nuclear deal and a lavish state dinner.
Macron is the first of two European leaders Trump is hosting this week. German Chancellor Angela Merkel will be in Washington, D.C., on Friday. Both France and Germany joined the U.S. in a six-nation pact with Iran to halt its nuclear program in exchange for sanctions relief. Trump has threatened to pull the U.S. out of that deal. Macron and Merkel want him to stay in.
Trump's former advisers struggled to make the case for the nuclear deal, and the newest members of Trump's national security team are as skeptical of the agreement as he is.
"People know my views on the Iran deal. It was a terrible deal. It should have never, ever been made," Trump said Tuesday during an Oval Office photo opportunity with Macron. "It's insane. It's ridiculous. It should have never been made, but we will be talking about it."
Macron argues the nuclear agreement is worth preserving.
"We have a common objective, we want to make sure there's no escalation and no nuclear proliferation in the region. We now need to find the right path forward," Macron said, through an interpreter.
Macron has skillfully courted Trump, inviting the U.S. president to be his guest last year at an elaborate military parade marking Bastille Day in Paris. Trump was so impressed, he ordered his own military parade this November, marking the 100th anniversary of the end of World War I.
The two presidents and their wives celebrated the wartime alliance between the U.S. and France on Monday by planting an oak tree on the South Lawn of the White House. The sapling comes from Belleau Wood, where more than 9,000 Marines died in the final months of the first world war, according to a White House statement.
Later, the two couples took a sightseeing helicopter tour of Washington, then held a private dinner at George Washington's historic Mt. Vernon estate.
Despite their evident personal chemistry, Trump and Macron have significant policy differences to discuss. In addition to the Iran nuclear deal, Macron wants a permanent exemption from the president's new steel and aluminum tariffs. And he'd like to see a more lasting commitment from the U.S. to stabilization efforts in Syria. Military forces from France and the U.K. joined the U.S. in launching air strikes on Syria earlier this month in retaliation for a suspected chemical weapons attack. But Trump is impatient to withdraw U.S. troops from that country as quickly as possible.
"What you do have are two leaders who have a great deal of respect for one another, who have a great friendship," said White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders. She added that friendship allows the two men to have "very open and candid conversations."
Sanders said she expects "a very productive and very positive state visit for both countries."
The visit will be marked by the first state dinner of the Trump administration. The White House has been decorated for the event with cherry blossoms, sweet peas and white lilacs. The menu is American with French influences: spring lamb and jambalaya.
On Wednesday, Macron is set to address a joint session of Congress.
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Black Friday is almost upon us – the US sales extravaganza that has been big news in the UK for the past five years. The trouble is, even with the Black Friday deals on offer, lots of things are still cheaper at their full price in the US.
Historically, we've seen goods ranging from phones to cameras to clothes and cosmetics frequently sell for less than half the price Stateside. And that's before the mega discounts US shops unleash on Black Friday.
Take iPads. In 2014 a string of retailers like John Lewis knocked a few pounds off the popular tablets for Black Friday. But even with money off, they still came nowhere near their price if you'd just bought them in America, where they were almost £70 cheaper on Amazon US at £140.85 vs a price of £209 on the UK store (based on exchange rates at the time).
The good news is that with a bit of careful planning you can – in effect – double your discount, not just getting the Black Friday sale price, but the US Black Friday sale price.
poll loading Are you excited for Black Friday? 1000+ VOTES SO FAR Very much so! I love the deals Not really, it all seems a bit of a con I might buy a few things if they take my fancy, but I'm not overly hyped
How to get US Black Friday prices in the UK
(Image: Reuters)
Shopping online from US stores is frequently as simple as shopping from the UK versions. Just add “US” to a search for the shop you're looking for – be it Amazon , Apple or direct from the manufacturer.
Then there are stores like Walmart, Target and more that aren't over here at all. There's a list of the top US online shops here .
“The biggest hassle is still shipping,” Ramesh Bulusu, chief executive at MyUS , told Mirror Money .
(Image: REUTERS)
Shipping an iPad Mini to the UK costs about £30. That said, you'll still save a significant amount overall. An iPad Mini 4, 16GB, with WiFi only, costs £68.15 less from the US version of Amazon.
The better news is that you don't need to pay for shipping for each and every thing you buy. You can get them all delivered to one US address, then boxed up there and sent on to you in one package – cutting as much as 80% of the shipping cost overall.
Shipping companies like MyUS and USGoBuy give you a secure US address to have all your items delivered to , let you store packages there free for a set period (typically 30 days) until all of your orders have arrived, then box them up and ship them to you in one package.
You also get cheaper deliveries, because the size of these companies – with hundreds of thousands of customers – means they negotiate better deals with delivery services.
Generally packages arrive in two to four days.
What to watch out for
Shipping might be the biggest concern – not to mention cost – but it's not the only one.
First, you need to watch out for customs charges.
“Anything posted or couriered to you goes through customs to check it isn't banned or restricted and you pay the right tax and ‘duty' (customs charges) on it,” the official gov.uk site explains.
You could end up being charged VAT, customs duty or excise duty on anything shipped to the UK – and if you don't pay up in three weeks, the goods get sent back where they came from.
The good news is that things costing less than £135 are exempt from customs duty – and the cost is waived if it comes to less than £9.
You'll also pay VAT on the goods at the standard UK rate if they're worth more than £15 (or £36 for a gift) or on any alcohol, tobacco or fragrances.
You'll also be charged excise duty on any alcohol or tobacco you receive.
The whole process is a lot faster if you include customs forms with the packaging (something specialist shipping firms normally do automatically) stating what's in the package and its price in dollars. If this isn't done, there's also a risk the goods could be seized.
There's a full explanation of the rules here .
This is what you're not allowed to ship to the UK while here's a list of things that you aren't allowed to export from the US .
That seems hard – is there an easier way?
Yes, yes there is.
Firstly, but using a shipping company like MyUS they'll automatically inform you if what you've bought is banned as well as provide full customs documentation.
Secondly, head to a site like http://www.dutycalculator.com/ and they will work out exactly how much you'll pay. You get three free calculations, but can sign up from more than one email address if you need more.
The good news is that the more items you buy, the lower the shipping cost is and that a great deal of items doesn't attract VAT, so will be far, far cheaper in terms of duty.
If you make sure you do your sums first you can still make huge savings .
The good news is that tools to separate real results from random noise exist. The bad news is that many researchers in afflicted fields never learnt to use them correctly.
There's a common thread to the dubious claims and irreproducible results that have plagued some fields of science. In most of these cases, scientists saw illusory patterns in the randomness of our world. It's the same error that led people to be captivated by an octopus named Paul who, in 2010, correctly predicted the outcomes of eight German World Cup matches.
It might seem surprising that a cephalopod could make so many predictions from mere random guesses. But as statistician David Hand explains in his book The Improbability Principle, if enough people ask enough animals to predict the outcomes of enough sporting events, eventually it is likely that some will guess correctly a few times in a row. Something similar happens when thousands of scientists go looking for weird, headline-grabbing results—a common practice in psychology. For a while, it looked like you could make yourself happier by holding a pencil in your teeth, become more empathetic by spending three minutes reading classic literature, or gain power by assuming special “power poses”. All have gone the way of poor, discredited Paul the Octopus.
The good news is that tools to separate real results from random noise exist. The bad news is that many researchers in afflicted fields never learnt to use them correctly—a conclusion echoed by reformers from within, and reflected in a statement issued last year by the American Statistical Association.
Statistical analysis falls into two major schools—frequentist and Bayesian statistics. The frequentist school of thought hinges on the idea that the probability of something happening corresponds to the number of times it would happen given many chances. Roll a die often enough and five will come up exactly one-sixth of the time.
Back in 1865, mathematicians Benjamin and Charles Peirce, a father-and-son team, used the concept to help settle a dispute involving Hetty Green, who would later become known as the richest woman in America. The story, told in detail by journalist Louis Menand in his book The Metaphysical Club, starts with the mathematicians getting called as expert witnesses to determine whether Green (then Hetty Robinson) had forged her aunt's signature on an alternative will that would have bequeathed her a fortune of $2 million. The signature in question was perfectly identical to a signature on the original will, suggesting that Robinson had traced it. Most authentic signatures vary a bit. What were the odds these two signatures would be identical by chance? The Peirces noted that the signature had 30 down strokes. They found 44 other examples of the aunt's signature, measured down strokes, and calculated that a given down stroke matched across two signatures 5% of the time. They calculated odds of one in 68 that three down strokes would match in two signatures, 1 in 144 that four would match, and odds of one in trillions that all 30 would match. This calculation bears some resemblance to what scientists do to determine what they call statistical significance—which is expressed as something called a p-value. The technique was invented to help researchers separate real results from noise by giving them a sense of whether they should be surprised enough by their data to take a closer look.
But there, psychologists and medical researchers usually use an arbitrary cut-off point of .05 (1 in 20) to define what's statistically significant—a standard far less stringent than the one-in-trillions calculated by the Peirces. This porous filter was originally intended to flag preliminary results that deserved a second look—not as a proxy for truth. The problem with p-values goes beyond that. Gerd Gigerenzer, a psychologist and long-time science critic at the Max Planck Institute for Human Development, points to a survey published in 2002, which indicated that most professors of psychology don't know what p-values represent. They think they know, but they don't (in an interview, Gigerenzer said he didn't think the situation had improved in the last 15 years). And because they don't understand it, they routinely calculate it incorrectly, he said, allowing the publication of lots of high-profile noise under a veneer of statistical rigour.
In a 2004 paper titled Mindless Statistics, Gigerenzer illustrated the crux of the problem with an anecdote from the writings of physicist Richard Feynman. In exploring various fields of science and pseudoscience, Feynman had been working with a psychologist who was putting rats in a T-shaped maze, testing whether they preferred to turn right or left. The psychologist didn't get the result he was looking for, but he did notice that the animals alternated directions, right-left-right-left, and asked Feynman if he could calculate the statistical significance of that result. Feynman tried to explain that the psychology professor would have to set up a new experiment to test his new hypothesis. If you're wondering why, consider the fact that drawing a pair of threes is just as unlikely as drawing a pair of kings or aces in your poker hand. But the odds of drawing a particular pre-specified pair is much lower than drawing any pair.
If researchers comb through their data fishing for weird things, that's fine, but to calculate their statistical significance requires a separate experiment. Otherwise they'll end up with the same problem that afflicted one of Paul's successors, a koala named Oobi-Ooobi, who was fired last year after his sports prediction powers suddenly—and not so mysteriously—disappeared. Bloomberg View
Faye Flam is a Bloomberg View columnist.
Comments are welcome at theirview@livemint.com
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Finding a unique Christmas gift takes lots of time and careful planning.
Gift shopping for something unique doesn't have to be a chore - and thankfully there are few companies offering a personalisation service that makes sending an extra special gift that little bit easier.
Here are some original ideas for the woman or man in your life that are guaranteed to put a smile on their face on Christmas morning. We've even found a few suggestions for the kids too.
Check out our handy present guides on gifts for him, gifts for kids, Secret Santa and even Christmas hamper gift ideas for foodies.
For her...
Personalised wallets, Aspinal of London, from £50
Luxury leather goods label Aspinal of London offer an amazing personalisation service. Choose from an incredible selection of handbags, purses, wallets, trinket boxes, photo albums, diaries, cuff links, key rings and an extensive range of gifts.
Once you have made your selection you can get your gift personalised with your loved ones name or initials in silver or gold or add a special message. The perfect way to make a chic, stylish gift that little bit extra special.
Embossing starts at £15 to add initials and the engraving service starts at £25. Available online at aspinaloflondon.com - but remember to allow at least 5 days.
Engraved cologne, candle or bath oil, Jo Malone, from £15 (cost of engraving only)
(Image: www.johnlewis.com)
Premium British perfumer Jo Malone offers an engraving service for £15 that allows you to not only customise your scent, but also personalise the luxe packaging too.
Whether you opt for initials, a special date or message, make sure you do something unique and meaningful - we guarantee she'll love all the extra thought and effort you've made.
For him...
Monogrammed leather satchel, The Cambridge Satchel Company, from £7 (cost of engraving only)
Personalise your purchase by adding his initials or symbol to a beautifully crafted leather satchel he can use forever from The Cambridge Satchel Company.
Along with customising the lettering, you can also pick out the colour, style and placement too.
Customised trainers, Nike ID, from £90
(Image: Nike)
If he is made about trainers, chances are at some point he's wished he could personalise his favourite style.
Well, now he can with the NikeID service online which allows you to customise all aspects of your shoe - from the material down to the colour of the shoe laces. He'll love them so much, he might never take them off!
For kids...
Mickey mouse soft toy, Disney, £25 (was 49.99)
Kids will love this Mickey Mouse large cuddly toy, or one of Disney's other iconic characters from the Disney Store's collection. Why not add an extra special sentimental touch with a personal message for free?
Personalised Nutella jar, Etsy, from £2.36 + delivery
This is definitely a gift for the serious chocolate lover in your house - whatever their age.
Order from etsy.com and personalise your Nutella jar with the name of your giftee - the perfect way to ensure other family members keep their mitts off the tasty breakfast spread favourite.
Monogrammed mobile phone case, HB London, £34
Victoria Beckham is a fan of HB London and can often be seen on her Instagram account holding her initialed VB phone. Tempted? We thought you might be.
You can choose letters in rose gold, monochrome, marble or a selection of autumnal colours. If you really want to make a statement then you can opt for 22K gold monogramming. And they don't only do phone cases, you can choose from notebooks, key rings and wallets too.
Prices start at £34, so you don't need to be flash with your cash to snap one up. Available from hblondon.uk and at Fenwicks of Bond Street in London.
For pets...
Twenty Seven dog treat baubles, Selfridges, £11.95
Make sure your family pet doesn't feel left out on Christmas day by picking up this personalised bauble from Twenty Seven filled with dog treats.
Simply go online at selfridges.com and order this bauble with your chosen name. It's as easy as that.
AN ANGRY mum who says her kids were threatened by a woman on Facebook took the law into her own hands and organised mates to storm the woman's house in the middle of the night.
When the woman saw a masked man in the gloom outside her Ipswich house at 1am on Anzac Day last year, she fled terrified as intruders smashed their way in through a back door.
She was tackled from behind in her yard, beaten and hit with timber.
Three of the offenders have spent a year in jail on a range of charges and went before the District Court in Ipswich to plead guilty to the charges related to the home invasion.
Judge Alexander Horneman-Wren SC heard mother of three Rebecca Louise Reynolds was the chief organiser behind the attack in Churchill on April 25, 2017.
Reynolds, 34, pleaded guilty to assaults causing bodily harm while armed/in company; and enter dwelling with intent by break at night and damage property.
Two co-accused - Damain Douglas Murphy, 33, and Isaac David Hopkins, 35, pleaded guilty to the same two serious charges although the Crown case against the men said their role had been much less than Reynolds.
Neither man went into the woman's house that night with the others or had committed actual violence.
But Crown prosecutor Noel Needham said both Murphy and Hopkins had more serious criminal records than Reynolds.
Mr Needham said there was ongoing disagreement by the victim and Reynolds over money.
On the night of the assault the victim locked her door but the intruders smashed the glass back door and a man inside was accosted before the woman ran out the front door and past a masked man.
As she ran toward Warwick Road she was struck from behind and fell to the ground.
She covered her face with her arms and was hit by fists and bats as she tried to protect her dog.
Mr Needham said the woman recognised Reynolds voice and face and heard Reynolds say "you want to threaten my kids".
"(The victim) was hit by large clubs timber or baseball bat," Mr Needham said.
Mr Needham said it was fortunate her injuries were not serious.
When police located Reynolds, a metal pole and a length of timber was found in her car with the words "f***ing dog" written on it. Reynolds said she'd "just lost it" and used the piece of wood to hit the woman.
"She wanted to hit her anywhere she could. There was premeditation as she organised people to come with her," Mr Needham said.
He said Hopkins first denied then admitted going to the house. He said he tried to stop it but Reynolds was "hot-headed".
Hopkins knew there were weapons but says he was there to break it up and did not take part in any violence.
Mr Needham said Murphy first told police he'd never been at the house then says he stayed in the car the whole time, which was accepted by the Crown.
Defence barrister John Jacob said Reynolds, who was raised in Maryborough, admitted using methylamphetamine and had used ice on the night.
He said there were Facebook messages that upset Reynolds as she believed they were threatening to her children.
Hopkins' defence barrister Mal Harrison said Hopkins was not armed, did not go inside the house and did not assault anyone.
"He went along for the ride. He wasn't part of the dispute," Mr Harrison said.
He conceded Hopkins' criminal history was not good but he was now a father and professional cultural dancer. Mr Harrsin said sadly Hopkins had lost two brothers in recent years with the low point 2016 when he was using drugs like ice.
Murphy's defence barrister Damien Gates said the Ipswich born father of four stayed in the car and did not get out. Murphy apologised to the woman for the trauma they caused.
He outlined Murphy's "prejudicial" background he had as a child in care, and suffered abuse when a Boystown resident. He used marijuana and alcohol from the age of 10.
Judge Horneman-Wren took into account their various backgrounds and offending, saying Reynold's attack was vicious at a time when she was "addled" by ice.
Judge Horneman-Wren noted Reynolds acted upon a perceived threat but what she did was inappropriate and inexcusable. She had used her time in jail well finishing various courses.
Reynolds was sentenced to two and a half years jail, immediately suspended for four years. Time was taken off because of the year she'd spent in custody.
Hopkins was sentenced to 20 months jail suspended for three years.
Murphy was sentenced to two years jail released immediately to parole, but stays in custody because of other matters.
Rep. Adam Schiff Weighs In On How Memo Could Affect House Intelligence Investigation NPR's Ari Shapiro speaks with Rep. Adam Schiff, D-Calif., who is the ranking member of the House Intelligence Committee, about the newly released GOP-Nunes memo, the Democratic memo and how this affects the committee's investigation.
Mumbai: Filmmaker Karan Johar, who is a father to twins Roohi and Yash, said his priority is not to give his kids fashionable and trendy clothes but to imbibe right values in them.
Asked being a fashion conscious father, does he ensure to dress his kids in the trendiest clothes, Karan told IANS: "I don't think so. Although that's the expectation when it comes to me."
"Right now, I am focussing on them being good and being well brought up children. I am giving them the right value system rather than the right clothes. Fashion is really not on the priority list for me," said Karan, who became father to the twins via surrogacy in 2017.
But what about paparazzi continuously chasing celebrity kids?
"Well it's the order of the day and it is not a hazard really. It is what it is. We are in the business called show business so everything in our lives is now inclusive.
"Nothing can remain private and that's what it is. And if it is collateral damage and it comes with a territory then we have to accept it with open arms," Karan told IANS.
The filmmaker, who is known for creating fashion trends with his films like Kuch Kuch Hota Hai, Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham... and Kabhi Alvida Naa Kehna, turned showstopper for designers Shane and Falguni Peacock's debut men's wear line along with actress Sonakshi Sinha.
Talking about how Bollywood influences fashion, Karan said: "Bollywood has always been the impressionable medium that has really dictated fashion trend."
"When you go back to the 60s and beyond, everything that happened on celluloid always had a deep impact on the way people presented themselves, They emulate and imbibe the fashion on screen, so I think that's the kind of relation fashion has with films.
"Of course nowadays everyone is so exposed to the internet, social media, which teaches so much about trends.
"But I still feel that films have their own niche place in modelling the fashion and DNA of our times," he added.
Karan, who tried his hands in designing as well, in the past in association with a fashion brand, however, said he has no plans to get into that anytime soon.
"Not for a while. I would rather just wear other people's clothes and enjoy it as there is too much happening on the work front for me," said Karan, who is currently seen on small screen judging "India's Next Superstars" along with director Rohit Shetty.
Talking about designers Shane and Falguni's debut men's wear line, Karan said that their "clothes look fabulous and flamboyant".
"I had a lot of fun walking on the runway. Also, since I am Half Sindhi, bling goes with my territory. I think men should never shy away from shinning. Men should stop thinking that plain clothing is the way forward for them," he said.
So is this his personal taste, too?
"Fortunately with the presence of Ranveer Singh in the industry, people will accept every trend because he has raised the fashion bar so high.
"I applaud him and I adore him for completely taking men's fashion to an all different level. He is the brand ambassador of edgy fashion," said Karan.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A suspected paedophile was forced to kneel and apologise for sending a school girl sexually expplicit text messages.
The alleged vicitm's father had set up a supermarket ambush after he is reported to have seen one of the messages.
The man is accused of watching explicit videos with the girl, who is in the sixth year of primary school in China.
The clip, which has been watched three million times online, shows the girl's father slapping the suspect as he kneels on the floor and is surrounded by dozens of witnesses.
According to Chinese investigators the accused allegedly chatted with the girl and sent her suggestive texts and videos.
(Image: AsiaWire)
(Image: AsiaWire)
(Image: AsiaWire)
(Image: AsiaWire)
One of the messages, in which the man is said to have invited the child to watch pornography with him, was reportedly seen by the girl's father, who decided to set up an ambush at a supermarket.
Posing as his own daughter, the dad agreed to meet the man at an RT-Mart chain.
And when he identified the man, the father flew into a frenzied rage.
The video filmed by a witness shows the accused red-faced and being slapped by the angry dad.
He falls face first to the floor during the abuse and does not get up again before the video ends.
Local authorities said they were investigating the case and were questioning both parties.
No arrests had been made at the time of writing.
Whaleoil Backchat is brought to you by use coupon code WHALE OIL to get 10% off e-cigarettes and e-liquids
Good evening, welcome to Whaleoil Backchat.
You don't have to stay “on topic” in these posts like you do in all others. Feel free to share your own stories, discuss other news or catch up with friends. If you haven't tried it before, signing up for a Disqus account is free, quick, and it is easy.
New commenters should familiarise themselves with our Commenting and Moderation rules. Thank you.
>> Trouble commenting on Whaleoil? Read this first. You can receive free help. Do not email via the Contact Page
By MIKE CHAIKEN
EDITIONS EDITOR
Things are going to be spooky… and swampy… for the next few weeks on the border of Bristol and Southington.
That's because Lake Compounce's Haunted Graveyard has cleared out the Zombie Forest.
And they've dug up a Voodoo Swamp.
Ernie Romegialli, the creative force behind the Halloween attraction at the nation's oldest continuously operating amusement park, was keeping the new dimension of the spooky attraction under wraps until opening day. But he said the Voodoo Swamp, which replaces the Zombie Forest, had a pair of inspirations. First of all, it was logistics. The performers who worked the old Zombie Forest had some concerns that needed addressing. Secondly, Romegialli said a trip to New Orleans gave him an idea.
He was told about the swamp tours that are conducted in Louisiana. It gave him visions of gators and more creatures from the dampness of the Big Easy.
From there, the ideas flowed.
Scary ideas.
For Romegialli, the key to the Haunted Graveyard is classic horror thrills and chills.
“He really likes his scares,” said Lake Compounce's general managerGerry Brick. “(Haunted Graveyard) is not too gory.”
“Gore is easy to do,” said Romegialli. “All you have to do is splatter something.”
Classic horror scares give him the opportunity to spend time on details, said Romegialli.
Brick said, Romegialli revels in misdirection. While you're paying attention to one thing, the scare comes from somewhere else unexpected.
That said, the Haunted Graveyard is not completely gore-free, Romegialli said. He said there are two spots that may cause you reason to pause—the Slaughterhouse and Trail 2 near the Saw Mill.
So beware.
Haunted Graveyard also has attracted a good deal of talent to populate the scares, said Romegialli. People from as faraway as Lyme, Conn. have made the trek to Bristol to spook the pants off th patrons on the trails or create the frightening characters by providing the facepainting needed for an affective human to ghoul transformation.
Brick said Haunted Graveyard first started at Compounce in 1999 after being moved from Romegialli's house in Middletown.
Romegialli said, “We were an amateur show in 1999 compareed to what we do now.”
Even if you came to see Haunted Graveyard five years ago, said Romegialli, you haven't seen anything like what it has become.
For instance, Romegialli noted the detailing on the painted brickwork and the higher walls that make the attraction seem more foreboding. “It feels different when you walk inside.”
The Haunted Graveyard brings in patrons who normally wouldn't head into the amusement park, said Brick. The patrons of the Graveyard tend to be older—- teens and young adults—out with friends or on a date night and looking for scares, he said. The amusement rides typically tend to bring in a more family-type crowd. And some of the typical patrons don't go into the Haunted Graveyard, said Brick. For instance, his own 11-year-old daughter and his wife will not visit the Haunted Graveyard.
The Haunted Graveyard at Lake Compounce is open weekends through Oct. 29.
Lake Compounce is open each night of Haunted Graveyard and will feature special Halloween décor and live actors roaming the midway streets, dressed to scare. Lake Compounce opens at 5 p.m. and will have 17 rides available. The Haunted Graveyard is a separate attraction located at the north end of Lake Compounce and will open at dusk. All guests must enter via the main gates, and are encouraged to arrive early.
Haunted Graveyard and Lake Compounce tickets are available for purchase online, www.LakeCompounce.com or at the main gate.
By The Associated Press
All Times Eastern Eastern Conference Atlantic Division GP W L OL SOL Pts GF GA Providence 24 16 6 2 0 34 72 59 Charlotte 25 16 8 0 1 33 93 72 WB/Scranton 22 13 7 1 1 28 77 68 Lehigh Valley 26 15 8 1 2 33 95 88 Bridgeport 24 12 10 1 1 26 75 70 Hershey 26 12 11 0 3 27 74 85 Hartford 26 9 12 3 2 23 69 93 Springfield 27 10 16 1 0 21 74 85 North Division GP W L OL SOL Pts GF GA Toronto 25 20 5 0 0 40 83 47 Rochester 25 14 5 3 3 34 85 75 Syracuse 25 13 9 1 2 29 82 73 Utica 24 10 10 3 1 24 68 77 Laval 27 10 11 4 2 26 82 97 Belleville 25 10 12 0 3 23 68 91 Binghamton 24 8 13 3 0 19 62 83 Western Conference Central Division GP W L OL SOL Pts GF GA Manitoba 26 18 5 1 2 39 99 57 Rockford 25 15 9 1 0 31 84 71 Iowa 24 11 8 5 0 27 75 77 Milwaukee 24 12 11 1 0 25 67 75 Cleveland 21 8 9 2 2 20 44 64 Grand Rapids 24 9 12 0 3 21 73 82 Chicago 24 7 12 4 1 19 64 76 Pacific Division GP W L OL SOL Pts GF GA Stockton 22 14 6 0 2 30 77 54 Tucson 20 12 5 2 1 27 68 55 Texas 26 16 9 0 1 33 80 86 San Antonio 25 13 10 2 0 28 81 79 Ontario 21 10 10 0 1 21 48 50 San Diego 22 10 11 1 0 21 69 80 San Jose 20 9 10 0 1 19 50 60 Bakersfield 23 9 11 3 0 21 61 70
NOTE: Two points are awarded for a win, one point for an overtime or shootout loss.
___
Saturday's Games
Chicago 3, Cleveland 0
Toronto 5, Laval 2
Milwaukee 4, Manitoba 3, SO
Hershey 4, Lehigh Valley 2
Syracuse 6, Belleville 0
Rockford 7, Grand Rapids 2
Springfield 4, Bridgeport 3
Charlotte 7, Binghamton 1
Providence 3, Utica 2, OT
Hartford 3, Rochester 2, SO
San Diego 4, Iowa 3, OT
San Antonio 5, Bakersfield 2
Texas 4, Ontario 2
Stockton 5, Tucson 2
Sunday's Games
Rochester 4, Bridgeport 1
Manitoba 6, Milwaukee 1
Providence 4, Utica 3, OT
Ontario 3, San Antonio 2, OT
WB/Scranton at Hershey, 5 p.m.
Springfield at Hartford, 5 p.m.
Grand Rapids at Iowa, 6 p.m.
Monday's Games
No games scheduled
Tuesday's Games
Lehigh Valley at Charlotte, 7 p.m.
Chicago at Rockford, 8 p.m.
San Jose at Tucson, 9:05 p.m.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
For the past few days now I have been noticing flocks of ducks and geese going by overhead making their long way south.
Lately too, I have noticed that like the ducks and geese, the days and weeks, the months and years, seem to be going by ever more swiftly – like birds on the wing. One day it's the first day of spring, the next day the leaves on the trees are beginning to turn from green into shades of yellow and red. I also find myself contemplating the passing of the season with a degree of longing akin to sadness.
As a young kid contemplating the fact that summer was coming to an end and school would be starting in a matter of days, I would sometimes lie out in the tall grass of a field not far from my grandmother's house and watch the clouds go by in the blue, blue sky, hoping that dreadful first day of school might never come. But it always did.
During those now long ago summer months, I didn't really have a care in the world. Perhaps it was over the course of those early summers that I became such an expert at squandering time. Now I spend my time sitting in my adirondack chair out in the backyard watching the clouds go by. Some things never change.
The summers of my youth were mostly spent goofing off and having fun. I remember I couldn't wait for school to be over.
Back then, the summer months meant freedom to go fishing pretty much whenever I wanted. It meant being able to ride my bike like a crazy person, all the while not giving a rat's behind as to when I had to be home – just as long as I was there for supper. It also meant spending time watching great blue herons fishing in the slews and garter snakes sunning themselves on the trail leading down to the creek where I would cast my line to little 10- and 12-inch trout hiding in the shadows of overhanging branches. Like the song says, to liven' was easy.
Although the end of summer meant having to go back to school, I still found ways to goof off. What I may have lacked in math and Latin skills in the classroom, I more than made up for in the ability to look out the classroom window and daydream. The only good thing about summer's end was being able to spend Saturday and Sunday mornings helping my grandmother in the garden, pulling carrots and potatoes and eating apples off the tree. For her, the coming of autumn meant canning season and getting ready for winter. For me, it meant six months of drudgery ahead.
I still have little or no use for winter. It is but an inconvenient interruption between fall, when fishing is at its best, and spring, when I can look forward to the arrival of the new fishing season.
Of course, the fall of the year does bring back memories of my mother's freshly cooked pumpkin pies set out on the window sill to cool ,and dancing with the devil without ever having to look him in the eye on all hallow's eve. I apologize right here and now for any outhouse that my older brother and I may have accidentally knocked over.
Even today I enjoy a warm lazy summer's afternoon sitting out in the boat, dragging a line or casting to the possibility of the occasional trout. But nothing comes close to the fall for fishing. The lakes are alive with trout eager to bite at whatever comes their way due to the fact that they are trying to fatten up for the winter months ahead. Salmon are running as are winter steelhead and river fishing is at its best.
My hair may be grey and my step a little slower, but I still get excited when I'm loading up the vehicle to head out and cast my line to all fishing opportunities that the autumn season has to offer.
Over the past 68 years of warm, summer days and cool, crisp autumn winds, and through all the changing of the seasons, I have come to understand that in life, as in nature, everything has its season. What I don't quite understand is how the summers of my youth have somehow turned into the autumn of my life.
As you read this column, I will be casting my eight-weight fly rod to pinks and spring salmon on the Fraser River.
For the last 18 years, the Veterans Affairs Department has flunked its cybersecurity examine. The agency's inspector general, for 18 years, has found cybersecurity as a material weakness.
And for the last 18 years, the assorted chief information officers, at least 10 during this time, have promised they would be the one finally to fix these long-standing issues.
Despite 18 years of failure, the light at the end of the tunnel is getting brighter. The most recent evidence came Dec. 7, during the latest congressional committee to seek answers and assurances from VA.
Scott Blackburn, the executive in charge for information and technology and acting CIO in the Office of Information Technology at VA, brought some good news to members of the House Oversight and Government Reform Subcommittee on IT, which held a hearing on Dec. 7.
Advertisement
Blackburn held up a note from acting Federal CIO Margie Graves telling VA it had fixed 11 troubled areas highlighted by the CyberStat process.
“A lot of the 11 areas were sort of lingering issues for VA. We have a lot of lingering issues that have gone on for years and years. Back in 2015, we established an enterprise cybersecurity strategy to look at these lingering issues and try and put them to bed once and for all,” said Dominic Cussatt, VA's chief information security officer, in an interview with Federal News Radio after the hearing. “We did institute 35 plans of actions to get all of those things accounted for and get some capabilities on board to address those issues systematically. We're happy to say by Dec. 15, we will have all 35 of those closed. There were about 3,000 line items in that integrated master schedule.”
Cussatt said among those 11 areas under the CyberStat process that were removed included continuous diagnostics and mitigation, identity management, network defense and access control.
All of which were long-term problems for VA. For instance in June, the IG reported for 2016 that VA had security weaknesses that were not remediated from prior years, including ineffective enforcement of its agencywide information security risk management program and ineffective communication from senior management to individual field offices.
“The use of weak passwords is a well-known security vulnerability that allows malicious users to easily gain unauthorized access into mission-critical systems,” the IG stated.
VA doubled down on many of these long-standing cyber problems in 2015 when former CIO LaVerne Council created a new enterprise cybersecurity strategy with a specific focus on ending the agency's run of cyber being a material weakness.
Council, who left in January 2017 and recently joined Grant Thornton, should be credited with putting together many of the initiatives to address the IG's annual report that included 30-plus recommendations. She also changed VA's culture, which had hit a low-point in 2013 when former CISO Jerry Davis went public with accusations that the agency was “rubber stamping” IT system authorities to operate (ATOs) in order to get them completed before they expired.
Cussatt said another one of the CyberStat issues that OMB said is now resolved is around the ATOs of systems. When Cussatt arrived at VA in May 2016 from the Defense Department, he said the agency had a “relative large” number of systems without a valid ATO. Now, all systems are certified and accredited to operate on the network.
“We're already starting to see the benefits of these [cyber] efforts,” Cussatt said. “We've seen an improvement in our FISMA audit scores. The IG when they recently briefed our secretary on the outcome of our annual FISMA audit that just concluded at the end of the summer, they noted they've seen a measurable improvement to our posture. There are still some issues to resolve, but they made a point to note that they have seen a lot of progress.”
Cussatt said VA still may face a 19th straight year in which cyber is a material weakness. The IG wants to see beyond an issue being resolved once, and instead see a long-term trend that VA has turned the corner.
“I think we are on that path to get that trend in place that we need to resolve it,” he said.
And current VA executives, including Blackburn and Cussatt, are continuing the improvements, which includes transitioning to a new risk management approach called the enterprise cybersecurity strategy program.
“With the issuance of the president's cybersecurity executive order in May, where we were asked to align ourselves with the NIST cybersecurity framework, we are looking to take the cybersecurity framework to heart, use it with our existing NIST risk management framework program that we have implemented within VA and use that as our mechanism to move from this tactical approach of setting up this integrated master schedule with these short-term plan of actions to a more proactive, security control lifecycle risk management, risk assessment approach to keep track of all the things we put in place and make sure they are keeping up to speed with the threats and vulnerabilities and bringing new capabilities to bear,” Cussatt said.
There is little doubt that VA is a different place today than five years ago when it comes to cybersecurity. The executives recognize problems exist and seem to be giving them the proper attention, and therefore are getting the results.
While a 19th year of material weakness seems likely, that may be the last one, which would be good news for veterans, especially as VA launches its the new electronic health record system.
Put me down for “less is more” when it comes to the NBA and expansion. Give me fewer regular season games. And instead of expanding beyond 30 teams, I'm all for contraction. For almost four decades now, there's been an elite tier of NBA teams, a jumble in the middle, and then dregs at the bottom. In no other professional sports league is the star player more important.
So why is Adam Silver embracing Mexico as a potential target for expansion, even if it's 5-10 years down the road? This is almost as bad as Roger Goodell trying to make London happen. Both are so far down the list of needs, and when you get to them, there are so many better options, you have to wonder why it came up in the first place.
Here's Silver on Mexico:
“We're not looking at expansion at the moment, but at the time we do turn to expansion, just as we've had enormous success in Canada with the (Toronto) Raptors, we do see enormous opportunity in Mexico City and think it could become the franchise for Latin America,” Silver said. “Mexico City is a city with over 20 million people, a country of 130 million people, and a huge Mexican American population. We're only looking at it from a more general standpoint – and we're playing games (there) again in Dec. (the Brooklyn Nets are playing against the Oklahoma City Thunder on Dec. 7 and the Miami Heat on Dec. 9). It's something we'll continue to keep eye on.”
High-profile free agents won't consider Portland or Phoenix, but sure, let's entertain Mexico as an option for a franchise!
Yes, things are cyclical, but look at this list of playoff droughts:
Sign up Like this article? Sign up for the The Big Lead email newsletter to get our top stories in your inbox every morning. Success Thanks for signing up.
You'll be waking up a little more awesome tomorrow. Whoa! Something went wrong. Try again?
Minnesota Timberwolves, 13 seasons
Sacramento Kings, 11 seasons
Phoenix Suns, 7 seasons
Philadelphia 76ers, 5 seasons
Orlando Magic, 5 seasons
The Timberwolves should snap that streak this year. Same with the 76ers. The list gets worse when you add franchises that haven't won a playoff series in forever:
Milwaukee Bucks, 16 seasons
Charlotte Hornets, 13 seasons
New Orleans Pelicans, 9 seasons
Detroit Pistons, 9 seasons
Related Ranking the Western Conference Playoff Teams After 2017 Free Agency
Imagine if the NBA took one or two teams away from each conference, and in a nod to socialism, distributed them to the rest of the league, worst teams first.
You'd raise the low end of the NBA significantly.
Just say no to NBA expansion.
And all that being said, the first city that should get a team has to be Seattle.
Malaysian authorities say they have detained a woman in the suspicious death of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's half-brother, Kim Jong Nam. Kim, who was in his mid-40s, was the eldest of former dictator Kim Jong Il's children. He died en route to the hospital Monday after some sort of encounter at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport.
The woman detained was carrying Vietnamese travel documents, according to police, and was alone at the time of the arrest. Malaysian media cite government sources saying closed-circuit cameras at the airport caught two women approaching Kim. One of them covered his face with a cloth before walking away. Police say Kim fell ill and asked a counter clerk for help.
Sources tell NPR his body was transported earlier Tuesday from one hospital to a larger one — Hospital Kuala Lumpur. An autopsy will be performed.
After growing up in Western countries, Kim had been living outside North Korea for decades. He was believed to have homes in Macau, Beijing and Paris. In 2001, Kim was detained trying to enter Japan on false travel documents. He later said he was trying to bring his family to Tokyo Disneyland.
The big mystery, if he didn't die of natural causes, is why Kim Jong Nam was attacked, and why now.
"I don't think we will know the full story about the death of Kim Jong Nam for many years," says Michael Madden, a visiting scholar at the Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies, who runs the site North Korean Leadership Watch.
Chan Kok Leong contributed to this post, from Kuala Lumpur.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Peter Crouch was sitting pretty with his latest foray into the world of comedy.
As the nation was gripped by Royal baby fever, Crouchy pounced.
Hours after the birth of their third child, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge stood on the step of the hospital in Paddington waving to the crowd with the new arrival.
A lovely picture that the striker - known for his height - quickly found something to quip about.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: PA)
There they are, waving high into the air as supporters were seen waving Union Jacks flags and joined in an atmosphere of celebration.
And Crouch - all 6ft 7inches of him - had this great comeback.
His whimsical musings didn't go unnoticed with loads of retweets and thousands of likes.
But it didn't stop there.
Hours after his quip - retweeted over 22,000 times - celebrity model wife Abbey Clancy hit back.
And she was brutal.
Underneath the tweet Crouch felt so happy about, Clancy answered with this simple reply:
Simple, yet effective. He was ruined, with people replying: "OMG that made me laugh. Abbey I mean,"
But have to admit that Crouch's original was quite amusing. And the comments were something too...
But one person didn't really get it...
Yesterday Crystal Palace were the fastest out the trap with a brilliant tweet after Kate Middleton gave birth to her third child.
The Duchess of Cambridge delivered the baby boy, weighing 8lbs, 7oz, at the Lindo Wing at St Mary's Hospital, Paddington, on St George's Day.
Her husband William was present for the birth, and both mum and baby are "doing well", Kensington Palace said in a statement.
The happy news was announced by thousands of news outlets on numerous social media channels, including AFP, who took to Twitter to write: "BREAKING Prince William's wife Kate gives birth to son: palace".
(Image: @CPFC/Twitter)
Pretending that the word following 'son' was in fact revealing what Kate and Wills has decided to call their baby , Crystal Palace's official Twitter account wrote: "Great name!"
16 Interesting Things We Saw at the New York Internatio...
16 Interesting Things We Saw at the New York Internatio...
Can Pay Media Ever Earn Your Customer's Trust?
Understanding the forms of media and what they can and cannot do will help you optimize your ad spend.
When Dating In The Era Of Divisive Politics, Both Sides Stick To Themselves
Enlarge this image toggle caption dane_mark/iStock dane_mark/iStock
They say opposites attract. But these days, maybe not so much.
A growing number of singles are adding a clause to their online dating profiles telling either Trump haters or Trump supporters — depending on their political preference — that they need not apply.
"This was like a dealbreaker for me," says 50-year-old Elizabeth Jagosz from the Detroit area. "If you are Trump supporter, I'm not even going to consider meeting you for coffee."
It's not just an issue of party politics, Jagosz says. It's about core values. Love, she says, cannot conquer all.
"If you don't care about a person who says you can grab women by the pussy and that's OK — I don't wanna date you if you think that behavior's OK," Jagosz says. "If that's not a dealbreaker for you, then you and I have nothing to talk about."
As another single put it in her profile, "Red hats need not apply."
But the people wearing those red hats — the ones stamped with "Make America Great Again" — have been feeling the same way.
This lack of desire from liberals and conservatives to date each other is what David Goss says prompted him to launch TrumpSingles.com.
"Yeah, it's both ways," Goss says. "You know, like a liberal doesn't want to date a Nazi. And a republican doesn't want to date, well, a whiny snowflake, and that's what they're viewing each other as."
TrumpSingles.com is a kind of safe space for Trump supporters who say they're sick of the "lefties" refusing to even give them a chance.
Trump Supporters Evaluate The First 3 Weeks Of President Trump Trump Supporters Evaluate The First 3 Weeks Of President Trump Listen · 11:12 11:12
"[The liberals] are just repeating this left echo chamber of 'Oh, you must be a racist; oh, you must be a homophobe; oh, you must be a misogynist,' " Goss says. "They're judging the people based on who they voted for without actually getting to know them."
Helen Fisher, the chief scientific adviser to the Internet dating website Match.com, says new research from the website shows both liberals and conservatives are moving away from the center of the political spectrum.
"There's a real distinct difference that we're seeing today, and all singles are becoming more rigid in their views," she says.
The data also shows that singles are more likely now to shun those who are at the other end of the political spectrum. And liberals are more likely to spurn conservatives than the other way around.
"I think it's very natural to the human animal to bring it into the idea of 'OK, you like this person, well, you must be like that person then,' " Fisher says. "America is taking this very, very personally. No question about it."
Looking back now, it seems almost unfathomable that even two opposing campaign advisers could cross the aisle and then actually walk down the aisle as James Carville and Mary Matalin did in 1993.
As Carville famously put it once, "You can love the sinner and hate the sin."
The couple says their secret to survival and harmony at home is simply agreeing to disagree.
But today, singles seem to be saying they just can't do that.
"I mean, I wish I could just go out and tell everyone to knock it off and be cool with each other, but it's just not going to work that way," Goss says.
His Trump Singles dating site is up to 35,000 members. LiberalHearts.com, founded by Salvatore Prano, is up to nearly 50,000.
"There's more activity now than ever," Prano says. "I knew liberals would only find comfort in each other's arms."
But there is one other option for lonely liberals. Single Joe Goldman founded MapleMatch.com, a dating site that helps Americans find Canadians "to save them from the unfathomable horror of a Trump presidency." Goldman became his own first client.
"I can't tell you the sinking feeling I felt [after the election]," he says. "That's not the country I want to live in. So why not consider places that might be more in line with my values, like Canada."
It may be better than the alternative. According to the new Match.com survey, a growing number of liberals today are simply choosing to not date at all.
Lucy's
Logan Eats
City Rock Korean Kitchen
MOD Pizza
If you've got fast food on the brain, you're in luck: we've found the freshest Chicago eateries to quell your cravings.Here are the newest places to check out the next time you're in the mood for burgers, pizza, and other quick eats. Lucy's food truck has settled into a brick-and-mortar location, offering burgers, fries and other quick bites.Husband and wife Jessica and Damian Warzecha, who run three food trucks, opened Lucy's in the space that previously housed their now-closed Pierogi Street eatery, per DNA Info The casual spot has a retro vibe and features a classic burger (double patties, American cheese and red onion on a brioche bun), a mozzarella veggie burger, barbecue pork shoulder, and cheese fries. Old-fashioned donuts, milkshakes and soda floats round out the menu.With a five-star Yelp rating out of one review, Lucy's has been getting positive attention.Yelper Nila R., who reviewed Lucy's on April 20, wrote , "I was so excited to see that the food truck was now an actual restaurant! The food was amazing, as always. Unlike the food truck, the restaurant has more options. We ordered a chocolate shake, which was really good! Service overall was great and food was out super quick."Lucy's is open from 11 a.m.-8:30 p.m. Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday and Sunday, and from 11 a.m.-9 p.m. Friday and Saturday. (It's closed on Monday.) Logan Eats is serving up flame-grilled chicken, burgers, gyros and more in the former location of Cemitas Puebla.The quick-service eatery says it "takes fast food to another level" with freshly prepared offerings made to order.On the menu, look for chicken kebab with rice, salad and pita, a single or double patty burger and a skirt steak sandwich on a toasted French bun. There's also a selection of hot dogs, salads and sides like cheese fries, mushrooms and Greek fries.Logan Eats currently holds five stars out of seven reviews on Yelp, indicating good reviews.Yelper Michael R., who reviewed Logan Eats on March 19, wrote , "The food was amazing and the service impeccable! We tried out the many different options on the lunch menu, which suited our budget perfectly. It is a lunch I won't forget. Best in Chicago!And Jenny H. said , "This place rocks! I've been twice (in two days because I'm obsessed), and have ordered the chicken kebab dinner both times. For $10 it's enough food to make a dinner and next day lunch for me."Logan Eats is open from 10:30 a.m.-9 p.m. on weekdays, 11 a.m.-9 p.m. on Saturday, and noon-8 p.m. on Sunday.In the mood for fast, fresh Korean fare? City Rock Korean Kitchen has taken a spot inside Thompson Center's food court, offering bibimbap and poke.On the menu, look for kimchi, Korean-style sushi or build-your-own bowls with protein, veggies and sauces served over glass noodles or greens.With a 4.5-star rating out of 12 reviews on Yelp, City Rock Korean Kitchen has been getting positive attention.Yelper Maritza V., who reviewed City Rock Korean Kitchen on April 19, wrote , "A gem in a food court at the Thompson Center! Everything is affordable, filling, delicious and fresh."Yelper Emily H. wrote , "Pretty good fast-casual place serving Korean-style food. Liked the sauce and the glass noodle base. The protein is good too."City Rock Korean Kitchen is open from 10 a.m.-5 p.m. on weekdays. (It's closed on weekends.)The second Chicago-area locale for MOD Pizza specializes in individually sized artisan pizzas, salads and more.On the pizza menu, look for the Tristan (mozzarella, asiago, roasted red peppers, mushrooms and pesto), the Calexico (gorgonzola, chicken, jalapenos and hot buffalo sauce), and the barbecue chicken with red onions. Diners can also build their own pies, with a large selection of ingredients on hand. (You can check out the full menu here .)With a five-star rating out of 10 reviews on Yelp, MOD Pizza has been getting positive attention.Yelper Michael S., who reviewed MOD Pizza on Feb. 17, wrote , "They have an extensive menu of different pizzas or you can create your own. The pizza was very delicious and for sure worth trying. They have fresh squeezed lemonade, which is also great. Definitely come give MOD a try and you will be glad you did."And Eve H. added , "The pizza crust was extra thin and crisp, it was delicious! The staff was great, very eager to please and very knowledgeable about the product. This is a great place to stop in for a snack or bring your children."MOD Pizza is open from 10:30 a.m.-9 p.m. on Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, and Sunday and 10:30 a.m.-10 p.m. on Friday and Saturday.
When Shyaira Dineen was in first grade, a teacher of hers told her to mark her race as African-American on a standardized test. Dineen remembers that day clearly because she says it confused her. She has a black mother and a white father.
"I didn't argue with her," says the 23-year-old, but she did think it was weird. "Why do I feel like I only have to choose one? You know, if I chose two, would I get in trouble?"
Dineen is now a student at the University of Delaware and says she often thinks about how people might react if she introduced herself as a white woman. "They would be like, 'She's crazy.' "
Last year, after President Donald Trump's administration withdrew guidance on transgender students, Democratic Gov. John Carney issued an executive order to develop a policy protecting minors from discrimination in Delaware.
The administration proposed giving public school students the right to self-identify their race and gender without parental consent. But after facing a tidal wave of backlash, an unparalleled 11,000 comments from people in Delaware and around the country, and threats of legal action, the administration pulled back.
Delaware education officials revised the plan. This time with language to include the need for parental consent and opened the proposal again for public comment.
"We are extremely concerned about the revision," says ACLU of Delaware Executive Director Kathleen McRae. The revisions let schools isolate transgender students by making them use separate bathroom and locker room areas, she says. Civil rights groups have also said the revisions may force schools to out transgender students to unsupportive parents.
But Gov. Carney defends the changes saying that he understands the risks to students, but he also has to respect the rights of parents.
"I think if we start from the idea that every student ought to be cherished and every student ought to be respected, then we're going to end up with a good result," he says.
According to GLSEN, a group that champions LGBTQ issues in K-12 education, 16 states have considered legislation to restrict bathrooms and other gender-segregated facilities based on people's sex at birth. Eighteen states have laws prohibiting bullying based on gender identity, but there aren't any other states that have proposed allowing minors to choose their own race.
In Delaware, that idea divided members of the NAACP. The State NAACP Conference supports it, but President of the Central Delaware NAACP, La Mar Gunn, opposes it. He's also a father.
"I am raising my kid as a strong, young, black male. Period. Does my child have the right to say he's a young white male? Not in my house. No."
Some Delaware high school students are split on the proposed anti-discrimination rule. Amaya Williams, a junior at Mount Pleasant High School, says being mixed race is different than someone switching to their race to something they're not.
"If you're not going through the struggles that a black person faces on a daily basis, there's no way for you to feel black," she says. "You can appreciate black culture, you can have black friends and you can listen to black music, or whatever you do, but you're not black."
Delaware education officials are accepting public comments on the revised anti-discrimination policy through July 6th.
Delaware Public Media's Sophia Schmidt contributed to this story.
Final pieces of evidence are expected to be given today in the trial of Ian Stewart who is accused of murdering the children's author Helen Bailey.
Lawyers will then start to make their closing speeches in the hearing at St Albans Crown Court which is in its sixth week.
The trial has been told that Stewart, fiancé of the wealthy writer, allegedly slowly drugged her for months before killing her and dumping her body, together with her pet dog, into a hidden underground cesspit at their £1.5 million Royston home.
Stewart, of Baldock Road, Royston, is accused of drugging Helen Bailey with the sleeping drug Zopiclone before carrying out the murder and concealing her body in the cesspit.
Stewart denies murder, fraud, preventing a lawful burial and three counts of perverting the course of justice.
The 56-year-old said that two men named just Joe and Nick were responsible for the murder and disposal of Ms Bailey's body.
He told the court that he initially kept her kidnapping a secret because of threats to Ms Bailey and later his own sons and admitted lying about it.
Stewart also denied reducing Ms Bailey to a state on unconsciousness with Zopiclone before smothering her with a pillow.
Yesterday the court heard how witnesses reported seeing Helen Bailey on the day of her disappearance.
A 2015 study suggested that 36% of Indian companies and 25% of MNCs in India were not compliant with the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace Act. Photo: iStock
Early this year, former Uber employee Susan Fowler's act of courage had a $70 billion company reeling and sparked a movement in Silicon Valley. In India, the revolution was seeded a few decades earlier. In 1992, Bhanwari Devi, a saathin (social worker) in Rajasthan, was gang-raped for stopping the marriage of an infant girl child. Her prolonged legal battle saw activists and lawyers coming together to file a public interest litigation (PIL) in the Supreme Court.
This PIL brought to light the vulnerabilities that Indian women were exposed to in the workplace. In 1997 came the Supreme Court's landmark judgement, which came to be known as the Vishakha Guidelines. These guidelines have now been superseded by the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013, making them mandatory for companies with more than 10 employees. In addition, Bhanwari Devi's case led to a clearer definition of sexual harassment; earlier, it was left to the subjective understanding of the authority assessing the incident.
Sadly, 25 years later, Bhanwari Devi has not received justice for the violence her employment exposed her to—but her fight changed the law for Indian women across industries. Despite these advances, a 2015 study by the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry and EY suggested that 36% of Indian companies and 25% of multinational corporations in India were not compliant with this Act. Perhaps the situation has improved since then—but it is unlikely to be where it needs to be.
My work with companies has led me to observe that the delayed compliance with this law is due to a lack of awareness, coupled with misconceptions about implementation. There are three common myths surrounding the law.
The first is that the law will change the dynamics of an informal company culture. Organizations are increasingly subscribing to informal work cultures. Work is now seen as an extension of the home, with one encouraged to bring their “whole self to the workplace”. But when employees are asked to explain what company culture is, the common response indicates a confusion between perks and ethos. Beer nights, foosball tables or office décor are often confused as culture.
An informal set-up helps employees feel comfortable and included so that they take professional risks, voice their ideas and perform better.
This description of an open culture is not in conflict with the Prevention of Sexual Harassment Act. Implementing this law offers a tangible strategy to ensure safety and respect as defined by an open culture. Thus, the approach for communicating the policy or conducting awareness training must include a holistic focus on culture, a respect for consent and an empathetic conversation on different cultural beliefs of what is acceptable and what isn't. It should have an emphasis on bringing the best version of one's whole self to the workplace.
The second myth involves worrying about false complaints. If that is the very first thought that comes to mind when reading this Act, it indicates how little the organization knows about the enormity of the issue.
Unlike school, when complaining to the teacher meant consequences only for the person committing the act, in a workplace, making a complaint demands immense courage from the complainant. A survey by the Indian National Bar Association (Inba) of 6,047 participants suggested that 38% had faced harassment at the workplace and 69% of them did not complain about it. These unreported incidents can be attributed to a lack of faith in the organization or ability of the internal committee, fear of retaliation, self-doubt, and the stigma of seeming like you cannot take care of yourself.
Statistically, even cases that do get reported are ones where the incident has occurred more than once. Given the stigma around making a complaint, women are more likely to brush off the first few incidents by questioning their own judgement or giving the respondent the benefit of doubt. This silence does not add to their productive contribution to the organization.
An inclusive company doesn't warn employees against false cases but instead builds their faith in the ability of the internal committee to address an incident fairly and with confidentiality.
The third myth is that awareness workshops will increase the number of complaints. But isn't this level of comfort the basis of an open culture? Given the hurdles in making a complaint, if an employee does report to the internal committee, it is a sign that employees have faith in the organization.
Inclusive organizations are concerned not about the additional paperwork involved in an inquiry but about the best way to help employees understand the company's commitment to safety. This commitment communicates two messages to employees. One, that any careless action has consequences and two, the company is invested in the employee's safety and well-being.
But attitudes are changing. Recently, we started working with a start-up that had hired its 14th employee. It was one of the most encouraging moments to see such a small organization recognize the importance of defining their “open culture” and creating an environment in which diverse employees could feel respected and work towards achieving higher company goals.
Chryslynn D'Costa is head, diversity and inclusion, Serein Inc.
Comments are welcome at theirview@livemint.com
NEW HAVEN, Conn. (WTNH) — When it's hot outside who wouldn't enjoy a cold and refreshing drink.
Health and wellness expert Bianca Jade stopped by to talk with Ryan Kristafer, and Teresa Dufour about popular drinks with a little fizz.
Bianca says talked about how to cut back on sugar and sodium with several different options for drinks.
Fizzy Thyme Lemonade Strawberry Mint Sparkling Water Watermelon Jalapeno Crush
For more on these drinks, how to make them and how you can add an adult spin on these recipes just watch the video above.
Rome, December 11 - Snow, rain and high winds hit road and rail links in Italy with the centre and north most affected Monday. Train traffic was disrupted in Piedmont because of snow and rain, while there was a risk of avalanches in Trentino, 150km winds near La Spezia, and ferry links suspended to and from many islands. Rivers were also being watched for the risk of breaking their banks. "The situation is more critical in Liguria and Piedmont," said rail network company RFI. In the northern Piedmont city of Alessandria and the surrounding area, schools were ordered closed because of ice and snow. Near the Ligurian seaside resort of Sanremo, several families were evacuated because of the risk of an avalanche or a mudslide. A car that skidded off the road and into a stream in the Apennine foothills near Bologna was recovered by divers late Monday afternoon. No one was hurt. In Veneto to the north, many mountain passes were closed because of the risk of avalanches. In Tuscany, a "prolonged" red alert over ice and snow was issued. In Marche, strong winds and icy gales blew trees and branches onto roads but no one was hurt. There was flooding and damage to electrical power networks in southern Campania and near Isernia. "The situation is complicated, patience is needed," said Transport Minister Graziano Delrio. Delrio spoke of the risk of ice forming on rail transport wires and lines, stopping traffic. "New technologies always improve the performance of the lines and the tracks," he said. "Therefore, it is clear that with new technologies and more investments they are making in in modernisation, it will be increasingly easy to tackle this problem," said the transport minister. "The investments of (rail network company) RFI in the last three years amount o around 30 billion euros which we have at our disposal. "Over the previous three years they were six billion, and this shows the effort they are making to modernise the network, a very important effort," said Delrio.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Arsene Wenger has hinted that Alexis Sanchez is earning even more than £600,000-a-week at Manchester United.
The forward swapped the Emirates for Old Trafford last month after United blew rivals Manchester City out of the water with their reported wage offer.
Henrikh Mkhitaryan moved in the opposite direction before Arsenal also signed Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang from Borussia Dortmund.
And during a Q&A session for the club's executive box holders, Wenger pointed to the ceiling as if to signify Sanchez's contract was worth even more than has been reported.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: Arsenal FC via Getty Images)
The Frenchman also admitted he made a £60m mistake not selling the Chilean last summer.
Wenger insisted if he “had his time again” then he would have allowed Sanchez to join Manchester City after they made a mega bid on deadline day last August.
Wenger was careful not to use the word regret but suggested it was difficult to keep an unhappy player.
It comes in the week Leicester's Riyad Mahrez went AWOL after missing out on a move to Manchester City.
Wenger admitted that he should have sold Sanchez because his contract was running down but said he was determined to bring in a replacement and ran out of time to sign Monaco's Thomas Lemar.
(Image: REUTERS)
Sanchez endured an unhappy four months at Arsenal after being made to stay at the Emirates and Wenger pointed to his drop in goals and assists compared to the previous season as to why the gamble to keep him backfired.
Wenger also left the room wondering about his own future as he evaded questions as to whether he would remain in charge for the final year of his contract.
But Wenger, 68, insisted he was focused on reaching the Champions League through the Premier League and claimed it would be tough to do via the Europa League.
By The Associated Press
BC-BKW–T25-Kent St.-Michigan Box
NO. 24 MICHIGAN 54, KENT ST. 41
KENT ST. (6-5)
Korinek 4-12 1-2 10, Stephens 3-8 0-0 8, Barber-Smith 1-3 2-2 4, Cross 1-3 2-2 4, Golden 6-16 0-0 15, Poole 0-3 0-2 0, Smith 0-0 0-0 0, Totals 15-45 5-8 41.
MICHIGAN (8-2)
Brown 4-7 2-4 11, Dunston 2-4 0-0 4, Thome 4-6 3-4 11, Flaherty 2-12 0-0 4, Munger 3-8 2-2 10, Robbins 2-3 0-0 5, Church 2-5 4-4 9, Johnson 0-2 0-0 0, Totals 19-47 11-14 54.
Kent St. 15 4 9 13 —41 Michigan 5 14 19 16 —54
3-Point Goals_Kent St. 6-17 (Korinek 1-4, Stephens 2-5, Golden 3-6, Poole 0-2), Michigan 5-19 (Brown 1-2, Flaherty 0-7, Munger 2-6, Robbins 1-1, Church 1-2, Johnson 0-1). Assists_Kent St. 10 (Cross 7), Michigan 12 (Dunston 5). Fouled Out_None. Rebounds_Kent St. 32 (Korinek 8), Michigan 28 (Dunston 7). Total Fouls_Kent St. 12, Michigan 18. A_2,164.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Cybertraining Election Officials For This Year's Voting
Enlarge this image toggle caption Pam Fessler/NPR News Pam Fessler/NPR News
If anyone knows how easily voting can be disrupted, it's a county election supervisor in the state of Florida. That's one reason several dozen of them gathered in Orlando recently to discuss ways to protect against the most recent threat — cyberattacks by Russia or others intent on disrupting U.S. elections.
Marion County elections supervisor Wesley Wilcox said he realizes the threat has evolved far beyond the butterfly ballots and hanging chads that upended the 2000 presidential race. And even beyond the lone hacker.
"It's no longer the teenager in his basement eating Cheetos that's trying to get into my system," said Wilcox. "There are now nation states that are, in a coordinated effort, trying to do something."
CIA Director Mike Pompeo is the latest intelligence official to warn the Russians will likely try to interfere in this year's elections, as they did in 2016. And Florida was among at least 21 states that intelligence agencies say had their election systems probed by Russian hackers during the last election cycle.
There's no evidence that any votes were affected, but everyone at the Orlando meeting was well aware that they're now on the front lines of a serious international conflict.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Pam Fessler/NPR News Pam Fessler/NPR News
Elections How To Protect The Next Election From Hacking How To Protect The Next Election From Hacking Listen · 3:51 3:51
"The reality is all of us are going to be impacted at some point in time by a cyber incident. All of us," Matt Masterson, chairman of the U.S. Election Assistance Commission, told the group. His agency is working with states and localities to beef up election security.
Masterson displayed a news article about hackers targeting nuclear facilities to drive home the significance of the threat.
"I share this because you're now in good company," he said. "As part of the nation's critical infrastructure, you're now in a group with nuclear facilities."
The Department of Homeland Security last year designated elections as part of the nation's critical infrastructure.
Since 2000, most jurisdictions have replaced their old equipment with more computerized systems, including electronic voting machines, vote tabulators and on-line registration systems. Ryan Macias of the Election Assistance Commission said new technology carries new risks and vulnerabilties.
"We have denial of service, which is a disruption attack, your website going down," he said, noting that if that happens on Election Day, it can shake voter confidence, even if no actual votes have been changed.
He said it's also important to make sure that vendors and contractors are using secure systems. And to screen temporary election workers who might have access to sensitive information and passwords.
Ransomware is another problem. "What happens if somebody takes your data, takes your election night reporting data, and holds it ransom on election night?" Macias asked. "What are you going to do? How are you going to recover from that? What are you backup processes?"
The election supervisors and some of their IT staffers broke into small groups to work out their responses to several hypothetical attacks. They had to figure out whom to call first, how to contain the damage and whom to tell about the incident. Should law enforcement be informed?
"Alright, so it appears one of our employees has been successfully phished," Will Boyett, of the Alachua County elections office, said in presenting one of the scenarios.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Pam Fessler/NPR News Pam Fessler/NPR News
Phishing attacks are something most of the people in the room are very familiar with. According to a leaked intelligence report, Russian hackers, posing as a Florida vendor, tried to get local election office workers to open e-mail attachments containing malicious software. So far, there's no evidence anyone did.
It was clear that many of those gathering in Orlando already have protections in place and are well aware of the risks. But some county election offices are extremely small, with no IT staff of their own. Dana Southerland runs elections in Taylor County, which has only 13,000 voters. She said she picked up some useful tips, such as changing passwords and being careful about opening e-mails.
"Making sure that it's not a phishing e-mail or something like that. I had no idea what that was until we started having some of these workshops," she said.
Southerland — who is also President of the Florida State Association of Supervisors of Elections and helped organize the session — said perhaps the most important message is that no one is immune from attack, and they have to be prepared.
As Trump Inquiries Flood Ethics Office, Director Looks To House For Action
Enlarge this image toggle caption Claire Harbage/NPR Claire Harbage/NPR
Office of Government Ethics Director Walter Shaub Jr. is calling on the chairman of House Oversight Committee to become more engaged in overseeing ethics questions in the Trump administration.
In an interview with NPR on Monday, Shaub said public inquiries and complaints involving Trump administration conflicts of interest and ethics have been inundating his tiny agency, which has only advisory power.
"We've even had a couple days where the volume was so huge it filled up the voicemail box, and we couldn't clear the calls as fast as they were coming in," Shaub said. His office is scrambling to keep pace with the workload.
But while citizens, journalists and Democratic lawmakers are pushing for investigations, Shaub suggested a similar level of energy is not coming from the House Oversight Committee, which has the power to investigate ethics questions, particularly those being raised now about reported secret ethics waivers for former lobbyists serving in the Trump administration.
Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz, a Utah Republican, has "authority to investigate these things and compel responses, so hopefully we'll see some action from him," Shaub said.
"OGE, however, has no investigative authority, so we're limited as to what we can do if these waivers are not being released publicly," he said.
Chaffetz' office said he had no comment.
The New York Times, in collaboration with ProPublica, published a story on Saturday saying Trump has been filling the White House and federal agencies with former lobbyists, lawyers and consultants, and has been generously waiving ethics requirements without even posting the waiver information on the Government Ethics website.
But while Chaffetz has generally been quiet on Trump-related ethics issues, the public has been hammering OGE with questions and complaints.
How big is the jump in public contacts, such as calls, letters and emails? During the six months between October 2008 and March 2009, as the Obama presidency was taking shape, the OGE got 733 contacts.
During the October 2016 to March 2017 period, it got 39,105 contacts from citizens — an increase of 5,235 percent.
Comparing those same two time periods, the number of Freedom of Information Act requests — typically from journalists and public-interest groups — shot up to 280 from 39. That's an increase of 618 percent.
Shaub said that, for example, when a top Trump adviser recommended certain fashion lines on Fox & Friends, the public outcry and media interest rocketed up.
"When Kellyanne Conway had endorsed Ivanka Trump's product line, our phones rang off the hook, and they practically melted the system," he said. "This is a level of attention that we haven't seen before in terms of public interest."
Shaub said Trump is correct when he says, as he did back in January, that presidents technically are not covered by law from having conflicts of interest. "I have a no-conflict situation because I'm president," Trump said at the press conference. He added, "I didn't know about that until about three months ago, but it's a nice thing to have."
There are ethics rules that do apply to members of his administration, though. Those are the ones keeping Shaub's small staff busy, according to the director.
"When you get 39,000 calls coming into a 71-person agency, the best they can do is log the calls," he said.
The statistical analysis, comparing the Obama and Trump eras, have not previously been released. Shaub says his office is "understaffed right now," compared with the massively increased workload involving FOIA requests and the congressional requests, coming mostly from Democrats. "I've never seen anything like this," he said.
Still, the office is keeping up with the advisory work — trying to guide Trump appointees on ethics laws and suggesting solutions to conflicts of interest they may face. Other routine business, such as doing staff training or writing new guidelines, has been put on hold as the staff focuses on moving along Trump staffers, he said.
By Koushik Das
February 03, 2018 “Information Clearing House” – Poisoning toothpaste….triggering explosion through cell phones…… bombs dropped from flying drones! Since its creation in 1948, Israel has carried out nearly 2,700 ‘secret' assassination operations in the last 70 years. Although many of these attempts have not been successful, the success rate of Israel is far better than the Western countries.
After a long interaction with the Israeli spies, journalist Ronen Bergman has penned a book – ‘Rise and Kill First: The Secret History of Israel's Targeted Assassinations'. In his publication based on 1,000 interviews and thousands of documents, Bergman narrates various ‘strange' methods – adopted by the Israeli spies over the years – to eliminate personalities who in some way or the other proved to be threat to them.
Before writing the book, the 45-year-old Israeli journalist met a number of agents of Mossad and Shin Bet – the two intelligence organisations of his country. Bergman also interviewed some senior Army officers who were allegedly involved in such ‘expeditions'. The 600-page book has enough information to ‘surprise' the readers.
The essence of those secret missions of Israel was: “If someone comes to kill you, rise up and kill him first” (an ancient Jewish Talmud admonition). The Army officers argue that such missions help avoid ‘costly' warfare. They claim that a person will die within a month, if someone mixes poison in his/her toothpaste. Bergman – the intelligence correspondent for ‘Yediot Aharonot' daily – mentions in his book that Mossad killed an Iranian nuclear scientist by using this method. An Israeli Army officer has admitted that they killed at least 12 Iranian scientists through various methods after receiving the information that Tehran was secretly implementing nuclear programmes. He further revealed that Mossad assassinated an Iranian scientist through explosives kept in the spare tyre of his car. The Israeli intelligence agency killed another Iranian scientist by dropping a bomb on his car from a home-made drone.
Israel also killed a number of Islamist leaders who backed the Palestinian movement. Interestingly, Bergman's publication hints that the Israeli spies secretly killed former Palestinian President Yasser Arafat on November 11, 2004. However, it has not been possible for the author to narrate the death of Arafat in his book. Bergman said that Israeli military censorship prevented him from revealing the facts.
Koushik Das, based in the Indian capital of New Delhi, is a senior news editor with more than 15 years of experience. He also runs a blog – Boundless Ocean of Politics. E-Mail: koushik@inserbia.info
This article was originally published by “In Serbia” –
http://www.informationclearinghouse.info/48716.htm
Guwahati: Low-cost carrier SpiceJet today said it is exploring possibilities to introduce seaplanes on the Brahmaputra in Assam, making the river the largest waterways in the world.
"We are exploring possibilities for introducing seaplanes in Assam. With the seaplanes, Brahmaputra can be the largest waterway in the world," SpiceJet Chairman and Managing Director Ajay Singh said at the inaugural function of the Global Investors Summit 2018 here.
Seaplanes have immense potential in the form of tourism, adventure travel as well as improving connectivity, he said but did not elaborate on the company's plans on introducing them.
Seaplanes are typically fixed-wing aircraft with a much fewer number of seats and can take off from and land on water.
While they have been in use since the 19th century, they have lagged behind full-fledged aircraft after heavy investments were made in setting up airports in the 20th century. They have been re-emerging as a niche segment.
On the air network, the Singh said, "We propose to connect Assam to Thailand, Myanmar and other ASEAN countries. This will surely help the region grow economically."
SpiceJet also aims to help the agriculture sector of Assam and has begun transporting consignments of fresh vegetables and fruits from it to other parts of the country, Singh informed.
"Going forward, SpiceJet will invest in creating a modern supply chain network and build storage capacities across Assam. We want to help the government actively in its 'Act East Policy'," he added.
Singh had said at the World Economic Forum Annual Meeting in Davos that seaplanes can boost the country's tourism sector in a big way as they can convert any pond into an airport and can make any river a runway.
(With PTI inputs)
ATLANTA (AP) — Atlanta is a bit closer to having an official record of how close its mayoral election runoff was.
Fulton County election officials on Monday certified the county's portion of the votes from the Dec. 5 runoff. Officials in DeKalb County, which also includes part of Atlanta, planned to certify their results later Monday.
The official Fulton County results show Keisha Lance Bottoms with 42,887 votes, or 51.33 percent, and Mary Norwood with 40,668, or 48.67 percent.
That represents a slight bump for Bottoms in Fulton County. She had 42,747 votes, compared with Norwood's 40,612, in unofficial tallies released the day after the election.
Norwood said Monday she plans to ask for a recount.
Fulton elections director Richard Barron said a recount could be completed by the end of the week.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A new weather warning for ice has been issued for Cambridgeshire this evening (March 19).
Despite today's clear skies tonight Cambridgeshire will be cold, with lows of 1C feeling more like -3C in the wild chill.
The yellow level alert is in place from 7pm on Monday to 9am on Tuesday and covers many parts of the country, except for Scotland.
The warnings state: “After a clear start in many areas with the temperature falling below freezing through Monday evening, it will turn cloudier from the north, with the possibility of some wintry showers in places.
Download the Cambridge News app We've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you're interested in. To download the IOS app click here.
To download the Android app click here. Find out more about the app here.
“The temperature may come back above freezing in some places for a time, but will fall below again where the cloud breaks.
“Therefore, ice is likely to form where untreated roads, pavements and cycle paths are left wet after snow melts during the day, or partly melted snow refreezes, and where wintry showers occur overnight.”
Gritters will be out tonight
Gritters will be out in force across the south and west of Cambridgeshire tonight from 6pm.
Temperatures are still dropping tonight, watch out for our gritters who will be out on the roads in the south and west part of the county from 6pm #GritterTwitter pic.twitter.com/h5HOUVGrNI — Cambridgeshire CC (@CambsCC) 19 March 2018
Some evening showers or rain sleet or snow will also continue to affect the east of England through the night with some moderate north to north-easterly winds over North Sea coasts.
It will be dry for the rest of the UK and Ireland, clear skies in the west.
A cold night in the clearing skies in the west with lows of -2 or -3C. and between 1-2C in the east.
Tomorrow will be much like today, bright and sunny but remaining cold through the day with temperatures not pushing higher than 8C.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
© The Associated Press
Facebook shut down a support page for veterans with post-traumatic stress disorder,According to the Daily Mail , Facebook "closed Fill Your Boots UK (FYB UK) after claiming its content, which included discussions with mentally ill soldiers who were considering ending their lives, breached 'community' guidelines.""Soldiers suffering from combat-induced traumas after serving in Iraq and Afghanistan would post 'cries for help' on the page on an almost daily basis," they explained, adding, "FYB UK would then issue SOS messages, asking other veterans to rush to their aid.""Facebook's actions have put soldiers' lives at risk. Guys use the page to express feelings which are really troubling them," declared FYB UK founder and former paratrooper Alfie Usher. "They're desperate for help. It is very hard for them to discuss issues relating to their experiences in Iraq and Afghanistan with their families.""They'd rather talk to people they meet on FYB UK who have probably experienced the same thing," he continued. "I tried explaining this to Facebook but they just ignored me.In a statement to the Daily Mail, Facebook stood by their actions, continuing to claim that the page's content "violates our Community Standards."The Daily Mail itself was previously temporarily banned for violating community guidelines, along with the page for a men's rights event.Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington , or like his page at Facebook
Meanwhile, the international [US-led] coalition was focused on impeding [activities of] Syrian government troops including direct attacks on its positions in Deir ez-Zor,"
by destroying Raqqa along with the civilians
allowing the core Daesh terrorists to leave Raqqa
these actions not being authorized either by the government of President Bashar Assad or the UN Security Council
The Russian Defense Ministry has compared the operations against Daesh carried out by the US-led coalition and the Syrian army, which had recently announced the complete defeat of Daesh.According to the Russian military, "in three years of its presence in Syria,.""That is why,, like it did with Raqqa," the statement read.The credit for the victory against Daesh terrorist group belongs to the Syrian government and its troops, in the first place, the Defense Ministry said, commenting on a statement of French Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian."It is at least strange to hear from the French foreign minister that Russia assigns victories against Daesh to itself."The Russian Defense Ministry's statement follows a remark by a representative of the Combined Joint Task Force - Operation Inherent Resolve's (CJTF-OIR) press service, who told Sputnik that the Pentagon disagrees with the Russian military's assessment of US warplanes' actions in the Euphrates Valley as attempts to prevent the destruction of terrorists.The statement referred to the announcement made by Russian Defense Ministry spokesman Maj. Gen. Igor Konashenkov, who reported thatThe report was made in the wake of President Vladimir Putin's Wednesday's announcement, saying that that Daesh terrorist group had been completely defeated on both banks of the Euphrates River in Syria, following a similar Russian Chief of the General Staff Valery Gerasimov's statement, declaring that the remaining terrorists had been defeated in Deir ez-Zor
Taylor oversaw the development of key technologies including the Internet, the graphical user interface, an early search engine and Java
Robert Taylor, who was involved in the development of everything from the modern computer mouse to the Internet, has died.
Taylor, who had Parkinson's, died aged 85 at his home in Woodside in the San Francisco penninsula, his son, Kurt Taylor, told the Los Angeles Times and The New York Times .
The computer mouse and the Internet
He studied psychology at university, but went on to work as an engineer at several aircraft companies before joining Nasa.
As a project manager there in 1961 he directed funding to Dougles Engelbart at the Stanford Research Institute, who contributed to the development of the computer mouse.
Taylor joined the US Department of Defense's Advanced Research Project Agency (Arpa) in 1965, at a time when it directed most of the country's computer technology development.
As director of Arpa's Information Processing Techniques Office, Taylor set out to standardise the way the Pentagon communicated with the timeshared mainframe computers at three research institutions.
At the time each of the organisations used a different, and incompatible, communications system.
Arpanet, the system he devised, later became the basis for the Internet.
The networked, graphical PC, Word, Internet search and Java
Once Arpanet had been activated in 1969 Taylor left the Department of Defense and in 1970 he founded the Computer Science Laboratory of Xerox's Palo Alto Research Center (Parc).
At Parc Taylor's team built the Alto, designed to provide individual researchers with access to a personal workstation, instead of sharing time on a room-sized mainframe.
As the prototype for the personal computer, the Alto included a number of groundbreaking innovations, such as a graphical user interface, a network link and a ball-driven mouse.
Steve Jobs and Bill Gates were both famously inspired by their glimpses of the Alto to develop the Macintosh computer and Windows.
Development of the Alto's Bravo software, a what-you-see-is-what-you-get (WYSIWYG) word processor, was led by Charles Simonyi, who later joined Microsoft and created Word.
Taylor left Xerox in 1983 and took some of its staff to Digital Equipment Corporation (DEC), where he helped create AltaVista, an early Internet search engine, and a computer language that became Java, finally retiring in 1996.
He is survived by Kurt as well as two other sons, Erik and Derek, and three grandchildren.
Windows 10: what do you know about the one operating system to rule them all? Try our quiz!
JUNEAU, Alaska (AP) — A company behind a stalled attempt to develop a copper and gold mine near a major salmon fishery in Alaska has unveiled plans for what it says will be a smaller, safer project.
Pebble Limited Partnership announced Thursday that it wants to reintroduce a project that for years has been the subject of fierce debate because of its location in the Bristol Bay area of southwest Alaska and its potential impacts on fish.
Under the Obama administration, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency proposed restrictions on development, but those limits were never finalized while Pebble and the EPA fought in court.
As part of a legal settlement earlier this year, the EPA under President Donald Trump pledged to initiate a process for withdrawing the proposed restrictions. Public comment is now being taken on that issue.
Critics of Pebble, who say the Bristol Bay region is not the place for the mine, worry that the revamped project might only be a starting point for a larger operation in years to come.
“This is just a wolf in a sheep's clothing,” Alannah Hurley, executive director of the United Tribes of Bristol Bay, said in a statement.
Pebble compared its proposed plan to scenarios analyzed by the EPA and said the footprint for major mine facilities, such as a tailings storage facility and pit, would cover about 5.4 square miles (13.99 sq. kilometers).
Pebble spokesman Mike Heatwole said that would put the project “within striking distance” of the smallest footprint EPA analyzed in proposing the restrictions.
Pebble said the entire project footprint would cover 12.7 square miles (32.89 sq. kilometers).
Heatwole said Friday that the project has proposed ways to reduce the potential impact on fish. Additional steps are being proposed to minimize wetland impacts and address other concerns, according to Northern Dynasty Minerals Ltd., which owns the Pebble partnership.
With respect to earthquakes, the company says the mine would be designed to withstand “the greatest possible seismicity predicted by science.”
Heatwole said the project being considered would operate for 20 years.
Pebble plans to submit a permit application to the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers in December.
Hurley sees Pebble's new plan as a marketing ploy and an attempt to rebrand the controversial project and woo a new partner.
“At the end of the day, Pebble cannot be developed in Bristol Bay without impacting fish. And no matter what they do to try and disguise that, we're not falling for it,” she said in an interview.
She also points to what she sees as contradictory statements by mine officials. She noted recent comments by Ron Thiessen, Northern Dynasty Minerals' president and CEO, who has called the project a “multigenerational opportunity.”
Heatwole said Pebble does not have plans beyond what it has outlined. Any future development would require another permitting process, he said.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Commentary: WASHINGTON, D.C. (April 24, 2018) - Today, U.S. Senator Martin Heinrich (D-N.M.) met with Federal Communications Commission (FCC) Commissioner Mignon Clyburn to discuss improving access to high-speed internet in Tribal communities and protecting net neutrality.
“Access to a free and open internet is essential to fostering innovation and education, and promoting civic engagement,” said Senator Heinrich. “Commissioner Clyburn has been a champion of defending net neutrality and closing the digital divide in our rural and Tribal communities. I'm pleased to have the opportunity to work with Commissioner Clyburn on improving broadband infrastructure and grateful for her support for our Tribal communities.”
Earlier this month, Senator Heinrich convened a panel with the American Library Association and Commissioner Clyburn on improving access to high-speed internet in Tribal and rural communities. The Tribal Connect Act, a bipartisan bill Senator Heinrich introduced with U.S. Senator Dean Heller (R-Nev.), would improve broadband infrastructure and connectivity in Indian Country. The bill would improve and increase access to the FCC's $4 billion schools and libraries universal service support program, known as E-rate, and establishes a $100 million Tribal E-rate pilot program for broadband access in Indian Country to tribes without libraries. While most of the nation's public libraries have received E-rate support, only an estimated 15 percent of Tribal libraries have received critical E-rate funds.
Senator Heinrich is a cosponsor of a Congressional Review Act (CRA) resolution to reinstate net neutrality. The Senate resolution has more than enough support to force an up or down vote on the Senate floor, and is just one vote away from the simple majority of 51 senators needed for passage.
Turin, December 11 - Juventus coach Massimiliano Allegri expressed optimism on Monday after his side were drawn against Tottenham Hotspur in the Champions League last 16. "Wembley, one of this sport's holy temples, awaits us," Allegri said via Twitter. "Spurs are young and they have talent but if we are (the real) Juve, we'll do it!".
ROSE McGowan has cancelled her upcoming public appearances after a heated confrontation with a transgender woman.
The meltdown happened during a reading of McGowan's memoir Brave at a Barnes & Noble store in New York, according to the New York Post .
McGowan tweeted, “I was VERBALLY ASSAULTED for two full minutes @BNBuzz by an actor paid to verbally assault a woman who has been terrorised by your system.
“And no ONE in that room did anything. And everyone from my publicists, assistants, managers and every person sitting in their chairs frozen by their weakness, a weakness called COMPLICITY. The truth is you all failed me. Again. And again. And again.”
In a pinned tweet from yesterday, McGowan outed the transgender heckler, who allegedly has multiple sexual assault claims against her.
The fight began when the transgender woman asked McGowan about comments she had made on RuPaul's What's the Tee? podcast in July.
“Trans women are dying and you said that we, as trans women, are not like regular women,” the woman told her.
“We get raped more often. We go through domestic violence more often. There was a trans woman killed here a few blocks (away). I have been followed home — …”
McGowan interrupted her to say, “Hold on. So am I. We are the same. My point was, we are the same. There's an entire (channel) called ID (Investigation Discovery), a network dedicated to women getting abused, murdered, sexualised, violated, and you're a part of that, too, sister. It's the same.”
But the situation escalated when the woman asked what McGowan had done for transgender women.
Camera Icon Rose McGowan was promoting her memoir Brave at a bookstore in New York City when she was heckled by a transgender woman. Picture: Getty Images, Getty
The heckler, since identified as Andi Dier, was asked by McGowan, “What have you done for women?”
The exchange soon devolved into a screaming match.
“Don't label me, sister,” McGowan called out after the woman who was asked to leave by security.
“I do not subscribe to your rules. I do not subscribe to your language. You will not put labels on me or anybody. Step the f**k back. What I do for the f**king world and you should be f**king grateful. Shut the f**k up.”
Last Thursday, during a panel discussion with Ronan Farrow in New York, McGowan alleged that the woman was a plant from Harvey Weinstein's camp.
Camera Icon Rose McGowan and Ronan Farrow on February 1, 2018 in New York City. Picture: Getty Images, Getty
McGowan told the crowd, “There was a plant last night at my first book reading … definitely a paid plant that got up and was screaming at me,” and claimed, “I saw. I had people who were watching the exchange.”
McGowan also stated she is scared of “assassination … I know my life and I know my reality, and I know that people like me get killed”.
Camera Icon Harvey Weinstein and Rose McGowan in 2007. Picture: Getty Images, Getty
A rep for Weinstein told the New York Post on Friday that those claims are “absolutely, 100 per cent false. No one is monitoring her whereabouts”.
“It's unfortunate that she is choosing to marginalise a community that is fighting to have their voice heard by claiming that the individual was a ‘plant' of my client. It's simply untrue and disrespectful to the transgender community,” the rep added.
This story was edited and republished from New York Post with permission.
IWC Schaffhausen, which sells watch priced at $5,000-25,000, is working ‘extensively' to achieve that dream by shifting focus to women consumers in the country.
New Delhi: Luc Rochereau, brand director, Middle East and India at one of the oldest Swiss luxury watch brands IWC Schaffhausen, sees India as one of its top 20 markets by 2022.
IWC Schaffhausen, which sells watch priced at $5,000-25,000 (excluding special collections), is working “extensively” to achieve that dream by shifting focus to women consumers in the country.
Recently, the brand, a part of the €10,647 million Richemont group that also owns brands such as Cartier, Montblanc and Piaget, has launched a new line of watches for women in India called 2017 Da Vinci Collection.
The collection comes with a round case studded with crowns. The company will also be offering selective models with added diamonds, straps and bracelets.
This is IWC's second launch targeted at women in India. The company had launched its first line Portofino in 2014, which, according to Rochereau, has done very well.
IWC Schaffhausen also appointed Bollywood actor Sonam Kapoor as its brand ambassador earlier this year. “We are working extensively in India. India is a very high potential market for us. That's why we chose Sonam Kapoor. We wanted to highlight feminity, luxury and class at the same time. At present, India is one of our top 40 markets,” Rochereau said, without disclosing the exact rankings.
IWC Schaffhausen is retailed at seven points of sales in India and 51 globally. However, the company has presence in almost all the countries across the globe via e-commerce. “We have also started our own platform in a few countries including America. We are currently selling through Net-a-porter and Mr. Porter (online marketplaces),” he said.
In India, the company has partnered with multiple retailers for different cities, including Johnson Watch Co. (Delhi), Kapoor Watch Co. (Gurgaon), Ethos Watch Boutiques (Bengaluru), Art of Time and Rose (Mumbai), The Helvetica (Chennai) and Exclusive Lines (Kolkata).
Going forward, the company is setting up its second manufacturing facility in Schaffhausen in Switzerland. IWC is also planning to sell its products through its own e-commerce platform in China and Europe.
According to data from market research firm Euromonitor, luxury timepiece industry in India was estimated at Rs1,404 crore (at sales value) in 2016, growing at a compounded annual growth rate (CAGR) of 17.7%. Between 2016 and 2022, the industry is expected to grow at a CAGR of 6.9%.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
From Lake Garda to Lake Como, Italy is well blessed when it comes to stunning tourist ­destinations at the water's edge.
Garda in particular will be familiar to many British holidaymakers – but what happens when you want to try something different, or less touristy?
Well, the beautiful Lake Levico in the province of Trentino could well be your answer.
Located in the northeast of the country, it's around 100 miles from the border with Austria and its proximity definitely gives it a different feel, with a noticeably more Germanic influence than other parts of the country.
Amid the mountains and tall trees you could even be forgiven for thinking you were in Switzerland at times, and lakes and mountains specialist Inghams is now offering seven-day breaks flying to Verona, which is about 70 miles away by road.
(Image: Getty)
Everything in Levico is centred around the lake itself, and what a cracker it is.
Often compared to a Norwegian fjord in appearance, it's reportedly one of Italy's cleanest and also one of the quietest.
It's separated by a small hill from neighbouring Lake Caldonazzo, and both have been awarded the prestigious European blue flag.
Boat trips are available for tours on the water, allowing you to soak up all those glorious views of the Lagorai mountain range.
If you prefer your ­activities on dry land, this is the perfect setting too.
There are walks and hikes into the hills to cater for every level of fitness – with serious trekkers able to take on the three-day High Path of Granite, to the highest summit of Cima d'Asta at 2,847m.
There are also plenty of cycling ­opportunities available, from the gentle 80km Valsugana path following the water, to the 300km of mountain routes on the Dolomiti Lagorai Bike Circuit.
For those of us who aren't quite so physically gifted, e-bikes are highly recommended.
They look just like regular bicycles but have a power pack and a motorised ‘boost' setting that makes going up hills or a rocky path a breeze – think Knight Rider when Mr ­Hasselhoff hits the turbo boost.
Regardless of whether you're on two feet or two wheels, there's more to heading into the hills than ­spectacular views.
The landscape is dotted with mountain huts and, on occasion, farms where cheese and other forms of produce have been churned out for countless decades.
You're also likely to stumble across the remains of military barracks or trenches dating back to the First World War.
But arguably the highlight of the region is the truly impressive Arte Sella near Borgo Valsugana, a huge outdoor art gallery in a forest on the southern slope of a mountain that features dozens of natural sculptures made by artists from around the world.
They use only natural ­materials, and integrate their pieces into the trees and thickets with the intention of leaving them until they degrade by themselves over time.
Visitors follow a route called ­Artenatura – art in nature – that also includes a theatre which provides the perfect setting for outdoor performances of plays and concerts.
You could spend days discovering everything the park has to offer, and given the woods will look completely different depending on the season, it is absolutely worthy of repeat visits (artesella.it/en/).
After all that exploring, you'll need to recharge and the Grand Hotel Imperial Levico Terme is definitely worth consideration.
Opened in 1900, it's the former summer residence of the Austrian royal family and with its bold yellow frontage it's certainly eye-catching.
If you've seen the acclaimed Wes Anderson film The Grand Budapest Hotel you will have an idea of what to expect – an opulent building with a fascinating history, decidedly ­old-fashioned but with a charm all of its own.
Thanks to the Levico's thermal spring water it also has a spa with all the facilities you'd expect from a four-star hotel.
Another absolute must while you're in the Levico area is spending an evening at the 235-year-old family-run restaurant Rifugio Crucolo (rifugiocrucolo.it/en).
Even in a country full to the brim with culinary excellence, this wonderful establishment stands out.
An inn on the mountain road halfway between Valsugana and Val Campelle, Rifugio has the perfect location with views across the lush green valley.
The hearty food will have your belt straining across a never-ending series of courses, all topped off with their signature parampampoli – a mixture of various liqueurs and coffee that's set alight like a Christmas pudding.
And if that wasn't enough, guests can visit the cavernous cellars below the kitchen where delicious meats, cheeses and wines can be bought to take home.
Just make sure you have plenty of room left in your suitcase.
After all, no one goes to Italy to lose weight, do they?
Get Chelsea FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Oscar was given a hero's welcome as he touched down in China after completing his £60million switch from Chelsea to Shanghai SIPG.
The former Blues midfielder was greeted by hundreds of fans desperate to catch a glimpse of the Brazilian international.
He was handed bouquets of flowers and stopped to sign autographs as he was escorted through the excited crowd by a club official.
Oscar will earn more than £500,000-a-week across the four-year deal he has penned in the Far East.
(Photo: REUTERS)
(Photo: REUTERS)
(Photo: REUTERS)
He will play under former Chelsea manager Andre Villas-Boas in the Chinese Super League after featuring just 11 times under Antonio Conte this term.
The Blues made a £35million profit on the playmaker, and SIPG general manager Sui Guoyang believes it was Oscar's lack of first-team football at Stamford Bridge that persuaded him to make the switch to China.
"Oscar has fallen out of favour with Conte because he has no place in Chelsea's 3-4-3 formation," Guoyang said.
"It played a key part in his desire to leave. He felt terrible to sit on the bench and not be involved. He is so young.
(Photo: REUTERS)
(Photo: REUTERS)
"Oscar wants to come back to the Brazil national team. Some of his compatriots play in the CSL and they still get called up to the national team. So it helped him to make the decision to move to China."
The 25-year-old netted 38 goals in 2013 games for Chelsea, and joins former Blues teammate Ramires in China, along with ex-Premier League stars Graziano Pelle, Paulinho and Papiss Cisse.
Oscar said: "I'm very happy to sign to SIPG. This is an important day for me to join to my new family in China."
Ridgefield Crossings will host a family day and car show Friday, Sept. 8, from 3 to 8 p.m.
The event will help kick off Assisted Living Week and Grandparents' Day.
Trophies for cars include: antiques, classics, customs, muscle cars, import cars, trucks, motorcycles and more. There will be a DJ, door prizes and raffles. Grilled food and refreshments will be available.
All proceeds to benefit the Alzheimer's Association and Benchmark's One Company Fund.
Car entry is $10.
For more information, contact Kerry Cardinal, 203-431-2255 ext 118.
Ridgefield Crossings is located at 640 Danbury Road.
/
Anchal Lamba fought for franchising rights for two years and has found big success since then.
April 24, 2018 1 min read
Anchal Lamba and her family have been big fans of bubble tea, a drink popularized in Taiwan made with tea, milk and tapioca balls. When her father returned from a business trip to Hong Kong, he told her that a company named Gong Cha made the best bubble tea he ever had.
On that tip, Lamba sought franchising rights from the Taiwan-based company. It took two years.
Related: Meet the Entrepreneur Behind the Healthy, Clean Snack Loved by Googlers
But that persistence paid off, as the 28-year-old New York resident now operates 22 Gong Cha locations across New York, New Jersey, Massachusetts and Texas.
In this edition of The Digest Live, she shares how she got her start in franchising, her biggest challenges and her tips for others who want to do the open franchises.
BARCELONA, Spain — February 2, 2018 — Born in Lebanon and living in New York, Reem Acra is one of the most prominent bridal and eveningwear designers in the world. Responsible for the look of international celebrities such as Angelina Jolie, Taylor Swift, and Jennifer Lopez, Acra will participate in this year's Barcelona Bridal Fashion Week. The event will take place April 23 to 29 at the Barcelona Montjuïc de Fira venue. Ms. Acra will present her spring 2019 bridal collection at Barcelona Bridal Night, the gala event of Barcelona Bridal Fashion Week.
Discovered by a fashion editor while studying at the American University of Beirut, Acra decided to dedicate herself to design and continued her education at the Fashion Institute of Technology in New York, and later at the École Supérieure des Arts et techniques de la Mode (ESMOD) in Paris, France.
In 1997 she launched the Reem Acra New York brand, and in 2001 her ready to wear line. Since then, members of royalty, heads of state, and celebrities such as Angelina Jolie, Beyoncé, and Halle Berry have worn her designs on the red carpets of the Oscars, Grammys, and Golden Globes, among other events. Her carefully crafted creations, of delicate lines and impeccable embroideries, are sold in the most exclusive stores in the world, such as Bergdorf Goodman, Neiman Marcus, and Saks Fifth Avenue in the United States, as well as more than 20 countries.
“I am thrilled to show my Spring 2019 bridal collection in Barcelona, a place of beauty and culture like the women who embody my designs,” says Acra. The fashion show, which will present a total of 30 outfits, will take place during the hall's gala evening on April 25.
Barcelona Bridal Fashion Week, organized by Fira de Barcelona, thus continues its strategy for reinforcing its brands and contents at an international level, and for attracting creators, companies, and purchasers from the main bridal fashion global markets.
Barcelona Bridal Fashion Week is preparing its first major and most international edition with the fashion shows of some 25 wedding and gala fashion companies, and with the presence -according to projections- of more than 300 exhibitors, 60% of them international exhibitors, who will show the 2019 collections to purchasers, media, and guests from all over the world.
Posted February 2, 2018
Source: Fira de Barcelona
Rahul Gandhi's comment comes a day after sources said China maintained a sizeable presence of troops near the site of the Doklam. Photo: PTI
New Delhi: Congress vice president Rahul Gandhi took a swipe at Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday and asked him to explain reports of road construction activity by China in Dokalam if he was done “thumping” his chest.
Gandhi's comment comes a day after sources said China maintained a sizeable presence of troops near the site of the Doklam standoff with India and had started widening a road, around 12 km from the area of conflict.
“Modiji, once you're done thumping your chest, could you please explain this?” Gandhi tweeted, tagging a news report headlined, “With 500 Soldiers On Guard, China Expands Road In Doklam”.
Troops of India and China were locked in a 73-day standoff in Doklam that began from 16 June over road construction activity at the India-Bhutan-China trijunction. The tension eased after talks between top officials of both the countries.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Atletico Madrid defender Diego Godin has been singing Jamie Vardy's praises as the two teams prepare for their Champions League quarter-final second leg.
The La Liga side visits the King Power stadium tonight with a 1-0 lead from the first leg and Godin has earmarked the Leicester striker as the Foxes' chief threat.
"He is a great player," Godin told the Daily Mail .
"He fights and competes in every game and never gives a single ball up for lost. A striker like that is fundamental for a team that plays the way Leicester do. They wouldn't be the Leicester we know without him."
(Photo: David Ramos)
The Uruguayan also believes that Vardy would be good enough to make it in Diego Simeone's side.
"Of course he would," said Godin. "I think he would fit in at the vast majority of teams in the world. Who wouldn't want a striker who kills himself for the team and then gives you so many attacking solutions?"
(Photo: Michael Regan)
The 31-year-old admitted that he was taken in by Leicester's fairytale story last year, when Claudio Ranieri's unfancied team who had been tipped for relegation upset to odds and landed the Premier League title.
"It's wonderful for football," Godin continued. "I was pleased; really delighted to see a modest team that no one expects to win the Premier League do that and I think the vast majority of football people felt the same way.
"Everybody had fallen in love with Leicester. How could you not take them to heart. It's good that things like this can still happen in football."
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jessica Wright was flung to fame as the shy and retiring sister of Mark Wright in the very first TOWIE series in 2010.
The ITV2 show documented her first brush with plastic surgery when she decided whether or not to have a boob job to give her the plunging cleavage of her dreams.
Like many of her castmates, Jessica, 32, succumbed to the surgeon's knife - but later revealed she regretted going from a 32C to a 32DD.
That didn't stop her from having multiple Botox injections, starting in her mid-20s to get a head start on the ageing process.
(Image: Daily Mirror)
And fans are wondering what else Jess has had done after she was seen looking totally unrecognisable at the Wellness Awards in London last night.
The former TOWIE star and singer wore a silver and gold metallic bodycon dress with a dusky pink satin coat over the top.
She held a grey clutch bag in one hand and accessorised her glitzy outfit with simple strand earrings.
But it wasn't her outfit commanding all the attention - it was her face.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: Splash News)
The star's skin looked unusually taut, especially over her forehead and cheeks, and there wasn't a single wrinkle in sight.
Her cheeks appeared to be plumper than ever, sparking speculation she may have had a little help with fillers.
And her pout seemed fuller than usual, which could be the result of lip fillers.
It came after Jess revealed her summer body was "made in the winter" when she posted underwear pictures of herself in November.
(Image: Instagram)
(Image: jesswright77/Instagram)
Jess launched her new home fitness plan, Fi7ness, in May last year after admitting her weight had "crept up over the past year".
"I went to the gym every now and again and I ate what I wanted and for me to have the body that I want I can't do that," she revealed.
"Now I feel so much better in myself – I've got abs and biceps, I never had that before."
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Jess was joined at the Wellness Awards by a number of TOWIE co-stars, including Lydia Bright and her mum Debbie Douglas, who both wore black floor-length gowns.
Chloe Meadows showed up in a navy jumpsuit with fluted sleeves, wearing her long blonde hair in a side ponytail.
And Sinitta arrived looking gorgeous in a white pencil dress and a chain belt to cinch in her tiny waist.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It's the sort of place you'd expect to find if you were in the heart of Ireland, but instead it's hidden away in the Welsh countryside.
One man has spent more than a decade painstakingly piecing together an unofficial shrine dedicated to all things Guinness - in his garage.
Geoff Williams, from Powys in Wales, has gathered thousands of items of unique memorabilia from Ireland's most famous brand.
The 74-year-old told our sister website Wales Online how the collection started when he bought a Guinness ashtray from his years spent working at a brewery.
(Image: Western Mail)
Now 40 years later his home is a shrine to his favourite drink, with prized items including a Guinness superbike and tens of thousands of one-of-a-kind glasses, lighters, watches, and signs.
Former lorry driver Geoff said: “People collect anything and I just happened to collect Guinness and it went from there.
(Image: Western Mail)
(Image: Western Mail)
This could be the weirdest flavour of sausages ever made - but would you eat them?
“The first thing I had was some ashtrays which were given to me at Eagle [Brewery] to put in the pubs and there was one or two spare. I've got that much of it I had to have a bigger building.”
Attending antique fairs, car boot sales and auctions, Geoff has travelled across the UK over 12 years to grow his collection.
(Image: Western Mail)
(Image: Western Mail)
Quiz: Beanz Meanz Heinz but can you remember what products these 60 slogans were selling?
Including three Guinness teddies bears thought to be the only versions in the world, he can name the history of each item and where it is from.
And with his daughter Sian living in Ireland for five years the stout enthusiast has made countless trips over the Emerald Isle to get his memorabilia from its homeland.
The father-of-one said: “When we went to Ireland when my wife was alive to see Sian we would do the best part of 2,000 miles in a week. We could go anywhere just looking about.
“People come here and give things to me as they would rather it be in my museum.”
(Image: Western Mail)
Speaking about his the Guinness-themed motorbike he added: “There's only one I know of built-in that design. I heard about it by word of mouth – it was used for different races to promote Guinness.
“I took if off the road because the temptation was always there to ride it. It's only done 20,000 miles.”
Despite refusing to advertise his rural tourist attraction, the pensioner receives weekly visitors through word of mouth to admire his work.
(Image: Western Mail)
Geoff said: “I've had people here from all over the world from when they are visiting other people - there's been people from China, Hong Kong, a few Americans, and a few Australians.
“If you need to advertise you are struggling – I've never advertised in my life.
“If people see my lights on in the lane they come and have a look. I make nothing out of it but I'm amazed it's been so successful.”
(Image: Western Mail)
With more than 5,000 individual possession in his collection and more than one version of many items, Geoff now houses his sprawling collection in a special room made from his former workshop.
And with his own Guinness-themed pool table and darts boards, Geoff has the perfect place in his own private bar for a quiet pint at the end of the day.
He said: “I don't drink anything else. If you are going to have good Guinness you have to work hard to keep the lines clean.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Horrifying images have been released which show a monster father whip his young child who is suspended by a rope tied to the ceiling - and all because he soiled his clothes.
The abusive parent, identified by police as Chain Singh, 33, was filmed as he beat his half-naked son, who is believed to be five-years-old.
He also whipped his young daughter who cowered by a wall while a baby crawled nearby in horrifying video footage said to be shot by the cruel man's brother.
Police have now arrested both Singh and his brother Vatta, whose age is unknown.
The shocking video shows the angry dad brutally bash his crying children with a cane after they ate mud and soiled themselves in the village of Phukiyathar in the northern Indian state of Rajasthan, local media report.
Police Inspector Mangi Lal said: "He said he was beating them because they used to eat mud and defecate in their pants. The video was shot by Singh's brother."
(Image: CEN)
(Image: CEN)
Singh, who has four daughters and a son, is seen beating two children while a third witnesses the abuse.
Footage shows him caning his son, who hangs helplessly from a rope tied around his chest.
Singh can also be seen hitting his daughter and grabbing her when she attempts to escape. The girl toddles unsteadily but was reported to be three years old.
The children can both be seen writhing in pain and crying in distress but Singh seems unmoved. A baby crawls over to investigate but escapes a beating.
(Image: CEN)
(Image: CEN)
The video was later posted online by an unknown person, prompting the authorities to intervene.
Bhavna Paliwal, president of the district child welfare committee, said of Singh: "He had beaten them ruthlessly. The kids have marks all over their legs.
"The man is not accepting his mistake. He keeps saying that he was doing it only to scare the children.
"Who scares kids like that?"
(Image: CEN)
The children's mother and their other siblings were in the house at the time but were too scared to intervene, it is reported.
Singh's brother Vatta has also been arrested for filming the abuse rather than helping the children.
The pair have been charged with child cruelty offences as police investigations continue.
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
When it comes to Valentine's Day, Pandora is a go-to gift for girls all around the country.
So it's unsurprising that the jewellery favourite has decided to launch a freebie deal especially for the occasion, offering every customer that spends over £99 a special heart-shaped jewellery dish.
The pretty dish comes nicely presented in a little gift box, and is the perfect place to store all your rings when they're not in pride of place on your fingers.
(Image: Pandora)
Available both online and in store, the Pandora gift set will also be available from famous Pandora stockists Argento and The Jewel Hut, who are renowned for selling genuine Pandora pieces for a significantly lower price.
We've picked out our favourite picks from the high street jeweller below.
(Image: JewelHut)
(Image: JewelHut)
(Image: JewelHut)
(Image: JewelHut)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A former resident at a Catholic-run orphanage was raped by a priest and repeatedly abused by a nun, an inquiry heard.
Helen Holland, who has bravely waived her right to anonymity, described years of "sadistic" treatment at the Nazareth House home in Kilmarnock while resident there in the 1960s and 1970s.
Speaking at the Scottish Child Abuse Inquiry on Wednesday, the 59-year-old told how the sexual abuse began when she was eight years old.
She said a nun at the home had told her the "the devil was inside" of her.
She said: "She took me into her cell and told me to take my clothes off."
(Image: PA)
Ms Holland said she was then assaulted with a "hand brush".
She said: "She took the hand brush ... and asked if I could feel the devil. That was the start."
Ms Holland said she told a priest in confession what had happened and that she "had to get the devil out".
The inquiry heard he then "marched" her back to the orphanage, describing her as the "most wicked child he had ever met".
She said the nun joined them and they went into a room.
Ms Holland said: "He told her what I'd said. They looked at each other, the way people do when they have got an understanding but without language.
"I ended up over what looks like a boardroom table with (the priest) raping me.
(Image: PA)
"She was holding my hands across the table. I was told I was a brazen hussy and I must learn to keep my mouth shut."
The inquiry heard the witness was sexually abused over a four-year period and that she was raped by several men.
She said she knew at least one of them was a priest.
The inquiry heard children were subjected to vicious attacks by the nun, who punched, kicked and used a bamboo cane known as a "switch" because of the noise it made.
The inquiry heard she reported the hand brush attack to social services when she was a child, but nothing was done.
As an adult, she said she went to the procurator fiscal but was told the case would not be pursued because the nun was "too old and too infirm", which the witness said she had challenged.
Ms Holland is now chairwoman of In-Care Abuse Survivors group, which campaigns for justice for those affected by such issues.
The witness, who took her therapy dogs Pippa and Willow with her to the inquiry, called for the care system to be "stripped back" and for the Scottish Government to take note of the inquiry's advice.
The inquiry before Lady Smith in Edinburgh continues on Thursday.
While touring WA's grain-growing region, a global expert has warned growers that managing costs are key to staying competitive with Black Sea wheat.
During his visit to Broomehill on March 8, Rabobank global grains strategist Stefan Vogel said there was some good news in the outlook for wheat prices, with a reduction in global stocks outside China and a dry winter across US wheat-growing areas elevating wheat prices on US exchanges.
However, he said with the Black Sea region's wheat crop, currently in dormancy, expected to be in good shape, it would be Black Sea, and primarily Russian, exports into South-East Asia, Australia's primary wheat export market, that would determine the price prospects for WA growers.
And in order to ensure they remained competitive with the low-cost Black Sea region producers, WA grain growers would need to keep a close eye on their own cost structures while at the same time maintaining the high-quality grain for which Australia was renowned, he said.
London-based Mr Vogel, who is on a two-and-half-week tour of Australia for a series of presentations to grower groups and at the 2018 Wagin Woolorama, said his job was to educate growers on the supply and demand of grains around the world, but especially in the key importing and exporting countries.
“We had a very good discussion in Broomehill — I think the group was overall very appreciative,” he said.
“There were a lot of interesting questions raised around the current political situation in the US but at the end of the day, the Russian crop will tell us where prices need to be.
“It might not matter how long there is dryness in the US — it will be a matter of what your export competition is doing and that will come out of the region of Russia”
Mr Vogel also touched on African and South-East Asian import growth as key and a continued focus for Russian wheat exports.
Mr Vogel, who is touring Australia as part of Rabobank's Visiting Experts program, spoke to grain growers and industry representatives at a series of presentations across WA, including to grower groups Liebe Group and Stirlings to Coast.
President Trump has caused outrage with his response to the white supremacy march in Charlottesville, Virginia this weekend.
The president addressed the violence at the alarming nationalist rally at a press conference Saturday afternoon and has been criticized for the weak response, which failed to explicitly condemn far-right groups.
Speaking from his Bedminster golf resort on Saturday afternoon, he said in a prepared statement: “We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry, and violence. On many sides. Many sides. This has been going on for a long time in our country. Not Donald Trump, not Barack Obama. It's been going on for a long long time.”
We will continue to follow developments in Charlottesville, and will provide whatever assistance is needed. We are ready, willing and able. pic.twitter.com/mCTYBgUePi — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 12, 2017
He also posted a series of videos from his statement to Twitter and again failed to directly mention the white supremacists: “We ALL must be united & condemn all that hate stands for. There is no place for this kind of violence in America. Lets come together as one!”
“We must remember this truth: No matter our color, creed, religion or political party, we are ALL AMERICANS FIRST.”
We will continue to follow developments in Charlottesville, and will provide whatever assistance is needed. We are ready, willing and able. pic.twitter.com/mCTYBgUePi — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 12, 2017
15 people were injured and one woman was killed on Saturday during the “Unite the Right” March organised by alt-right leader Jason Kessler when a car rammed into a group of protesters opposing the rally.
Trump's response caused outrage not only from the public but even his Republican colleagues, with Ted Cruz condemning his failure to mention the white supremacists directly. He wrote: “Mr President – we must call evil by its name. These were white supremacists and this was domestic terrorism.”
His daughter Ivanka, who is a senior adviser to the president, also used stronger language when condemning the events, writing: “1:2 There should be no place in society for racism, white supremacy and neo-nazis.”
1:2 There should be no place in society for racism, white supremacy and neo-nazis.— Ivanka Trump (@IvankaTrump) August 13, 2017
The mayor of Charlottesville Mike Signer blamed Trump's divisive presidential campaign for firing up far right groups claiming “these anti-Semites, racists, Aryans, neo-Nazis, KKK” have “been given a key and a reason to come into the light.”
A spokesperson for Trump denied the President had been soft on the right, insisting that his condemnation referred to white supremacists: “The president said very strongly in his statement yesterday that he condemns all forms of violence, bigotry and hatred. Of course that includes white supremacists, KKK, neo-Nazi and all extremist groups.”
So what's “red and white, red and white, red and white?”….lol, well you ‘ll have to listen for the answer (HERE).
Do your kids have a SANTA FUNNY that we can share? Well text JOLLY to 37667 and have them share so they can make Santa laugh too! And the jokes will live on our WARM 106.9 APP for all to share.
SAN JOSE, Calif. (AP) — A Texas couple whose 5-year-old daughter died in a crash involving a driver who was allegedly using Apple‘s FaceTime video chatting app is suing the tech company.
The lawsuit filed this month in Santa Clara Superior Court accuses Apple of not implementing iPhone features that would automatically disable FaceTime based on technology that calculates highway speeds.
Apple hasn't responded to the lawsuit and didn't immediately respond to an email Saturday seeking comment.
Moriah Modisette was killed in a 2014 Christmas Eve accident near Dallas. The lawsuitobtained by California television KTLA claims police found FaceTime running on the iPhone of the driver who struck the Modisette family at 65 mph.
The family claims Apple knew the risks of using FaceTime while driving because the company patented “lock-out” technology in 2008.
Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Get Chelsea FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Make that 14.
Manchester City extended their incredible winning run with their victory in the Manchester derby on Sunday, with strikes from David Silva and Nicolas Otamendi earning a titanic 2-1 success to leave rivals United devastated.
It was the fourth time in succession City had won a Premier League game 2-1 - with recent successes against Huddersfield, Southampton and West Ham keeping Pep Guardiola's side on their title march.
This win would doubtless have been the sweetest, though, with City fans celebrating long into the Manchester night.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
But how does their 14-match run compare to others in Premier League history?
Here's a look at the top-flight teams who loved the winning habit:
11 wins in a row
Chelsea - April to September 2009
(Image: Getty)
Guus Hiddink's first spell as the Blues' interim manager ended - in league terms at least - with successive wins over West Ham, Fulham, Arsenal, Blackburn and Sunderland.
Carlo Ancelotti then opened up with six straight wins to establish a then club record, before the run was surprisingly ended by Wigan with the help of a Petr Cech dismissal and goals from Titus Bramble and Paul Scharner.
Yep, Titus Bramble.
Manchester United - December 2008 to March 2009
(Image: Matthew Peters)
Following United's return from the Club World Cup and against the backdrop of the famous press conference at which Rafael Benitez, then manager of title rivals Liverpool, read out his list of "facts", the Red Devils won 11 in a row.
Liverpool themselves ended the run by winning 4-1 at Old Trafford but Sir Alex Ferguson's men finished four points ahead of their rivals to claim a third straight title.
Liverpool - February to April 2014
(Image: John Powell)
Liverpool's 2013/14 title challenge was powered by the club's longest winning run in the Premier League era, which in itself brought 38 goals for a free-flowing side fronted by Luis Suarez.
It was then of course ended with defeat to Chelsea at Anfield, as the title slipped out of captain Steven Gerrard's grasp.
Manchester City - April to September 2015
(Image: Alex Livesey)
City finished as Premier League runners-up to Chelsea despite winning their final six games of the 2014/15 campaign, and they then opened last season with five more.
Just as everybody was tipping them to run away with the title they lost at home to West Ham to end the run,and then they failed to mount a serious challenge as Leicester remarkably won the league.
12 wins in a row
Manchester United - March to August 2000
United won the 1999/2000 title by a thumping 18-point margin, rounding it off with 11 straight wins in which they scored 37 goals in the process.
They opened the following season with a 2-0 win over Newcastle before the run came to a close with a 1-1 against Ipswich Town.
13 wins in a row
Chelsea - October to December 2016
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
After Antonio Conte struggled to make his mark on new club Chelsea - who looked all at sea in back-to-back losses to Liverpool and Arsenal - the Italian switched his formation to his favoured 3-4-3 and the Blues never looked back.
The first six of the wins were achieved without conceding a goal, with a 4-2 victory over Stoke on New Year's Eve stretching the run to 13 games, before Dele Alli's brace ended the run as Tottenham won 2-0.
14 wins in a row
Arsenal - February to August 2002
(Image: Mirrorpix)
(Image: REUTERS/Ian Hodgson)
Arsene Wenger's side finished their 2001/02 title-winning campaign with 13 successive wins - including a title clinching success at Old Trafford - and then beat Birmingham 2-0 in the opening game of the next, before a 2-2 draw with West Ham ended the run.
It is the longest ever winning run in the English top flight, equalled only in the second division by Manchester United in 1904/05, Bristol City the following season and Preston in 1950/51.
For Future Retail, the HyperCity acquisition means adding 19 stores in prime locations of the top five metro cities of India. Photo: Mint
Mumbai: Kishore Biyani's Future Retail Ltd, which has agreed to purchase HyperCity Retail India Ltd for Rs655 crore from Shoppers Stop Ltd, is expected to fold the acquisition into its largest retail network, Big Bazaar, analysts said.
The deal, announced on Thursday, will be beneficial to both Future Retail and Shoppers Stop, the analysts said.
For Future Retail, it means adding 19 stores, largely in prime locations in the top five metro cities of India, and 1.4 million sq. ft of retail space. For Shoppers Stop, it lets go of a difficult business that was yet to turn a profit and had nearly Rs400 crore of debt.
Analysts said HyperCity is likely to be rebranded Big Bazaar NXT. Future Retail runs 235 Big Bazaar department stores spread over 10.1 million sq. feet, according to its annual report. HyperCity stores have an area of 25,000-40,000 sq. ft, the typical size of a supermarket.
“We expect the deal to be a win-win proposition for both players,” Abneesh Roy, senior vice-president at Edelweiss Financial Services, said in a note on Friday.
“FRL (Future Retail Ltd) will gain access to prime locations in metros (an issue due to slow mall development) and HyperCity's private labels. The company can easily turn HyperCity profitable in the first year (-1.5% Ebitda margin in FY17) itself by enhancing apparel share (~35% gross margin) and pruning headquarter cost,” he said.
An analyst with an equities broking firm noted that nearly 85% of Future Retail's revenue comes from Big Bazaar.
“HyperCity will be rebranded as Big Bazaar NXT and it will see its own contribution from apparel rise from 16% currently to around 30%, the same as that of Big Bazaar,” the analyst said on condition of anonymity.
“Big Bazaar has the maximum revenue contribution from apparel among the retail chains, and HyperCity definitely has a higher contribution from apparel than D-Mart does,” the analyst said.
D-Mart is the country's most profitable retail chain and has the highest market capitalization of Rs69,000 crore.
There is plenty to do in Denver this week. From comedy, to community, dance and theatre, there is bound to be something for everyone. Whether or not you want to laugh, learn about refugees, stretch with some libations, attend a concealer carry class or see the regional premier of Priscilla Queen of the Desert, then this is definitely the week for you. Go out and have a wonderful time.
Monday, April 17
The Resettled Screening and Discussion
When: April 17, 5:30 to 7:30 p.m.
Where: University of Denver, 2199 S University Blvd., Denver
Cost: Free
The Lowdown: For this event, the University of Denver presents the film The Resettled in honor of “No Lost Generation” — Refugee Awareness Week. This short film delves into the lives of refugees and their families from Iraq, Burma, Vietnam, Congo and Liberia and the challenges they continue to face as they adjust to their new lives in a new land. Pay witness to these stories and engage in powerful discussions about this global refugee crisis.
Tuesday, April 18
Sexpot Comedy Lucha Libre & Laughs: Cheap Pop!
When: April 18, 7:30 to 9:30 p.m.
Where: The Oriental Theater, 4335 W 44th Ave., Denver
Cost: $5
Tickets: Available Here
The Lowdown: “Lucha Libre & Laughs” is a fun mashup of Mexican lucha libre, pro-wrestling and stand up comedy. For this event, they present a special Tuesday installment featuring Cody Devine and Japanese comedy wrestling legend, Kikutaro, as well as Allie Gato, Nanny AC, Delta Junior, Tony, Los Vatos Locos and the Left Coast Guerrillas. The headlining comedian will be Andy Peters, featuring Cody Spyker, Preston Tompkins and Andrew Bueno. Nathan Lund and Mitch Jones will be on commentary. This event is 18+ due to R-rated comedy. You don't want to miss this Cheap Pop! comedy extravaganza.
Ratio Quiz Show ('90s Jams edition)
When: April 18, 8 to 10 p.m.
Where: Ratio Beerworks, 2920 Larimer St., Denver
Cost: Free
The Lowdown: For those of you who don't know, the Ratio Quiz Show is not for the faint of heart. It is said to celebrate all that is “bigger, badder and more inappropriate.” It is a trivia game show that pits teams of audience members against a panel of “experts.” This month it's all about '90s jams. If the “expert” team wins, the prizes for the audience teams won't be fun. But if the audience teams win, then the prizes will, of course, be awesome. Throughout the night, videos of these famous jams will be played. It will be hosted by Ian Douglas Terry and Andrew Bueno, and co-hosted by DJ James Jonesy Wilcox.
Salsa, Bachata and Cha-Cha Dance Party!
When: April 18, 9 p.m. to 12 a.m.
Where: Denver Masonic Events Center, 3550 Federal Blvd., Denver
Cost: $5 at the door
The Lowdown: Edie, the Salsa Freak is salsa instructor and performer. For this event, she presents this salsa, bachata and cha-cha dance social to Colorado, to all beginner, intermediate and advanced dancers. Come ready to dance and have a fabulous time.
Wednesday, April 19
Rishi Yoga at Brewability Lab
When: April 19, 6 to 8 p.m.
Where: Brewability Lab, 12445 e 39th Ave #314, Denver
Cost: $15 at the door
The Lowdown: Brewability Lab trains and hires adults with developmental disabilities to work at their brewery. For this event, they present a beer and yoga mashup for all of those who like a little libation with their stretching. This is an all-inclusive class. Be sure to bring your own yoga mat. Your ticket includes one pint of craft beer brewed by their talented and dedicated staff. You won't want to miss this unique event.
The Laramie Project
When: April 19, 7 p.m.
Where: George Washington's Patriot Players, 655 S Monaco Pkwy, Denver
Cost: $8 at the door
The Lowdown: For this event, The George Washington High School Theatre Department presents The Laramie Project that follows and documents the story of Matthew Shepard and how he was brutally murdered by two men in Laramie, Wyoming in 1998. This renowned play had its premiere in Denver and was mostly crafted by the interviews of everyone affected by Matthew's murder. This play covers adult content and topics like homosexuality and murder so it won't be appropriate for anyone under the age of 18. Be sure to see this poignant play.
Ratio Comedy Presents: Andy Peters
When: April 19, 8 to 10 p.m.
Where: Ratio Beerworks, 2920 Larimer St., Denver
Cost: Free
The Lowdown: For this event, Ratio Comedy presents Andy Peters. “Peters is a stand-up comedian who enjoys getting to the audience like no other. Along with his typically irreverent topics, he has the skills to go off script and still get the laughs,” says Peter's Official Website. Throughout his upcoming career Peters toured the country performing in cities all over the US. He was a recipient of the Rocky Mountain Laugh-Off award. After making a name for himself in the Seattle comedy scene, he moved to Los Angeles to grow and expand his career. This show will be hosted by Andrew Bueno, featuring Ramon Rivas and more. Come and enjoy Peters' fearless and often off-the-cuff humor. You'll be sure to have a enjoyable time.
Thursday, April 20
The Princess Bride: An Inconceivable Evening with Cary Elwes
When: April 20, 7:30 to 10 p.m.
Where: Paramount Denver, 1621 Glenarm Pl., Denver
Cost: $29.50+
Tickets: Available Here
The Lowdown: If you haven't seen The Princess Bride, you should definitely give it a watch before attending this event. For this event, Cary Elwes, who portrayed Westley in the movie, presents an evening of behind the scenes stories, Q&A and of course a screening of the film itself. This night will be moderated by radio and TV personality, KOSI 101.1 and Colorado & Company, Denise Plante. For all you diehard fans and soon-to-be fans, be sure not to miss this unique opportunity.
Mark Normand
When: April 20 to April 23; 7:30 p.m., 8 p.m., 9:45 p.m.
Where: Paramount Denver, 1621 Glenarm Pl., Denver
Cost: $14 to $22
Tickets: Available Here
The Lowdown: For this event, Comedy Works presents comedian Mark Normand. Norman has made a name for himself as an internationally known touring comedian with his “relentlessly punchy writing and expert delivery” (The Laugh Button). He's made multiple appearances on TV shows like Horace and Pete, Inside Amy Schumer and Conan. You won't want to miss his off-the-cuff comedy and engaging storytelling.
SuicideGirls Blackheart Burlesque
When: April 20, 8 to 11 p.m.
Where: Summit Music Hall, 1902 Blake St., Denver
Cost: $20 to $80
Tickets: Available Here
The Lowdown: Suicide Girls Blackhearts Burlesque combines stripteases and performances while poking fun at Game of Thrones, Planet of the Apes, Star Wars and all the like. For this event, they present a pop-culture extravaganza that'll surely have you looking for all the references throughout the show. You don't want to miss this fantasy spectacular and sexy burlesque as they tantalize your geeky tastebuds.
Friday, April 21
EarthLinks' Spring Art Show
When: April 21, 4 to 7 p.m.
Where: EarthLinks, 2746 W 13th Ave., Denver
Cost: Free
The Lowdown: EarthLinks is a non-profit organization that provides a work program for homeless people to learn the necessary skills to create earth-friendly products that sustain people and the planet. For this event, they present a unique pop-up art show geared towards helping those affected by homelessness. This art show gives them the opportunity to show their art and share their unique talents with the community while raising money for organizations like Emergency Loan Fund that deals with housing transitions for the homeless. Be sure to meet the artists and buy an art piece or two, including paintings, jewelry, woodworking items, cottage foods and more. Light snacks and beverages will be provided. This event is free and open to all who wish to help out with this wonderful cause.
Moving Forward and Looking Back
When: April 21 to April 22, 7:30 to 9 p.m.
Where: Cleo Parker Robinson Theater, 119 Park Ave W., Denver
Cost: $18 to $20
Tickets: Available Here
The Lowdown: The Hannah Kahn Dance Company is a professional, modern dance troupe. For this event, they present Moving Forward and Looking Back. This performance will feature six pieces of choreography created and conceptualized by their nine-member dance company. The six pieces include “Quicksilver,” “Hunky Dory,” “Storm Serenade,” “Flock,” “Bring Us Home” and “Go.” “I am often inspired by music that comes from cultures I know little about intellectually. It seems trite to say that music crosses boundaries, but for me there is a deeply moving truth in the fact that we can immerse ourselves and feel one with the rhythms and harmonies of music from far off places,” said Kahn, with regards to her music choices.
Regional Premier of Priscilla Queen of the Desert
When: April 21 to May 28, 7:30 to 10 p.m.
Where: Aurora Fox, 9900 E Colfax Ave., Aurora
Cost: $16 to $37
Tickets: Available Here
The Lowdown: The Aurora Fox is one of Colorado's premier Equity Theatre's that puts on exemplary productions ranging from classic larger-than-life musicals to edging and intimate plays. For this event, they present the regional premiere of Priscilla Queen of the Desert The Musical. This musical follows three drag queens, Bernadette, Mitzi and Felicia who decide to take a road trip across the country outback of Australia. Along the way they meet a slew of crazy characters, as well as face the harsh realities of expressing their truth in a world that still doesn't accept them. There will be extravagant costumes, colorful makeup and a whole lot of dancing. “Priscilla Queen of the Desert isn't merely about being gay, or being trans. It's about being yourself. It's about being open to love. It's about the things I try to do everyday: Express love. Make art. And give thanks” said, Eden Lane; director and choreographer. Be sure not to miss this glitter-filled confection.
Editor's Note: Author of this list is an ensemble member of the production.
Saturday, April 22
51st Annual Biker Ball
When: April 22, 7 p.m. to 12 a.m.
Where: Potenza Lodge, 1900 W 38th Ave., Denver
Cost: Free
The Lowdown: For this event, Denver Red & White presents their 51st Annual Biker Ball. This year the ball will have a 1920s theme featuring flapper girls and dapper dudes. Time period costumes and attire are encouraged — you might even win an amazing prize (like a 55″ TV) if you're voted best-dressed courtesy of Exhaust Pros of Commerce City. There will be pizza, photo booths and games. See you in the 1920s.
DIVISIONS with the Flobots
When: April 22 to April 23; 7:30 p.m., 2 p.m.
Where: PACE Center, Parker Arts, Culture & Events, 20000 Pikes Peak Ave., Parker
Cost: $35 to $40
Tickets: Available Here
The Lowdown: Wonderbound is an American dance company that, “uses dance to deepen humankind's common bond through uncommon endeavors of discovery and creation.” For this event, they are coming together with one of Denver's top hip-hop bands, Flobots, to celebrate their brand new original music from their new album set to be released this spring. This show will explore identity, community, freedom and power, by looking back at the musical and movement influences of human history. This is the second installment of a three-weekend production run. Check out this collaborative performance that is sure to insight revelations and intrigue.
3MCS with Billy Wayne Davis and Ramon Rivas II
When: April 22, 9 to 10:30 p.m.
Where: Blackbird Denver, 305 S Downing St., Denver
Cost: $5
Tickets: Available Here
The Lowdown: 3MCS: 3 Mic Comedy Show is a stand-up and sketch comedy show hosted by Ben Bryant, Alan Bromwell and a special guest each week. For this event, their comedian lineup features Billy Wayne Davis, Ramon Rivas II, Josh Lathe, Jeramy Westbrook, Matt Raney, Kira Magcalen and Alejandro Morales. You'll be sure to be a laughable good time.
Laganja Estranja Takeover Party
When: April 22, 9 p.m. to 2 a.m.
Where: Trade, 475 Santa Fe Dr., Denver
Cost: $5 at the door
The Lowdown: Known for her standout moments on Rupaul's Drag Race, Laganja Estranga is a working drag queen, choreographer, performer, cannabis activist and entrepreneur. At the end of the day, she is all about versatility and fun. For this event, Trade is celebrating their anniversary with Estranja for a night of fierce fabulosity and crazy trap music. If you want to party all night, you don't want to miss this.
Sunday, April 23
Yogi + Baere
When: April 23, 10:30 to 11:30 a.m.
Where: CorePower Yoga (Broadway), 277 Broadway, Denver
Cost: Free
The Lowdown: For this event, be sure to join CorePower Yoga and Baere Brewing Co. for a fun combination of alcohol and vinyasa yoga. This class will be lead by Abby Burt. With your attendance, you will receive a dollar off of a pint of brew. What could be better than that?
Women Only Conceal Carry Class
When: April 23, 2 to 5 p.m.
Where: Mountain West Dental Institute, 925 Lincoln St, Unit B., Denver
Cost: $48
Registration: Available Here
The Lowdown: Women Protection Services is a group of certified instructors who's mission is to “empower women & give the knowledge, skills and attitude to safely and effectively defend themselves.” For this event, join them as they host a three hour women only conceal carry class. You and a friend will learn the basic laws and fundamentals, as well as how to get your Colorado conceal carry permit. You will also learn about situational awareness and how to protect yourself. At the end of the class you will receive a certificate for your concealer carry license. “You don't shoot to kill, you shoot to live!”
Laganja's Dance School
When: April 23, 3 to 4 p.m.
Where: Cherry Creek Dance, 2625 East 3rd Ave., Denver
Cost: $20
Registration: Available Here
The Lowdown: After you're done partying with Laganja at Trade, be sure to come to this event and enjoy her dance class that'll have you feeling like a superstar in no time. Although this class will be taught at a professional level, it is indeed for all ages and dance levels. So get ready to WERK out as you do warmups, dance across the floor and learn funky dance combinations. Because space is limited, purchase tickets through eventbrite. Ticketed attendees will be guaranteed first entry with some tickets still available for purchase at the door.
Mark Your Calendar
A Day of Remembrance
When: April 24, 7 to 10 p.m.
Where: Sturm Hall DU, 2000 E Asbury Ave., Denver
Cost: Free
Screening of LION
When: April 25, 7 to 9 p.m.
Where: Sie FilmCenter, 2510 E Colfax Ave., Denver
Cost: Free
The Blue Bench Thing
When: April 26, 5:30 to 8:30 p.m.
Where: Rackhouse Pub, 2875 Blake St., Denver
Cost: $50
Tickets: Available Here
Movie at the Symphony: E.T. The Extra-Terrestrial
When: April 27, 7:30 to 9:30 p.m.
Where: Boettcher Concert Hall, 14th St & Curtis St., Denver
Cost: Price Level 1 – $89.00, Price Level 2 – $67.00, Price Level 3 – $51.00, Price Level 4 – $29.00
Tickets: Available Here
THE BOTTOM LINE Readers weigh in.
Seeing enemy's point is essential
Compliments to Lane Filler for his column on trying to see things according to the enemy's point of view [“Can you see through al-Qaida eyes?”, Opinion, March 29].
It's difficult to understand the reasons for an enemy's actions without appearing to condone what we consider to be atrociously inhumane behavior — but Filler was able to separate understanding from agreement, and for that he deserves congratulations on his intelligence and integrity.
Most of us could not fathom any justifiable reason for the destruction of the World Trade Center on that infamous date of 9/11; but from the perspective of a member of al-Qaida, they had their reason: Our country supported the powerful sheiks and shahs who controlled Saudi Arabia.
Osama bin Laden didn't want our troops stationed in Saudi Arabia; he wanted us out of there. If bin Laden had been successful, his revolutionary ideas might have spread to other nations.
Of course he took the wrong action, and he should have stated his grievances before the UN General Assembly where he might have won support. Killing 3,000 innocent American civilians is not justifiable in any court of law — be it on Earth or in heaven.
Robert Shorin, Syosset
advertisement | advertise on newsday
State money for Suffolk septic?
I can't understand why the state has to borrow funds to fix aging septic systems on Long Island [“Meeting of minds on water plan,” News, March 30].
Long Islanders pay some of the highest property taxes in the country. You would think by now they would have installed a sewer system. Oh wait, that's right, the cops become wealthy when they retire, not to mention the corruption and nepotism on Long Island.
Why should my tax dollars pay for Long Island septic systems? I live in Queens.
Joseph Gross, Flushing
Opt-out rates make test useless
When will we stand up to the state and end this farce called the 3rd- through 8th-grade New York State Assessments? [“97,000-plus opt out of exams,” News, April 1]. The opt-out numbers continue to be close to 50 percent.
The test has no statistical value for assessing students, and yet it is called an assessment. It does, however, waste valuable instructional time for our children and wastes our tax money. Wasted time is a reason our children graduate unprepared for college.
For the record, I am not an opt-out parent. I believe tests and test-taking can have value, but not when no one takes them.
This test would be better given after school or as a take-home test. Teachers and students wouldn't waste in-class time and energy, and those parents who want their children to experience test-taking can accomplish that.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Michael Castellano, Oyster Bay
Parking fee just tip
of Nassau iceberg
I'm surprised that people were astonished by the $40 parking fee at Nassau Coliseum [“Lot of outrage at parking fee,” News, April 7].
Nassau County charges its residents $1,000 to file a deed when they buy a house, and $500 to file a satisfaction of mortgage document when you finally pay off it off.
The politicians brag that they haven't raised taxes, but the cost of everything else is going up.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Tony Fleck, Farmingdale
Use of U.S. flag in cartoon insulting
Newsday published an editorial cartoon on April 2 depicting Russian President Vladimir Putin with his feet on a desk [“Truth and consequences,” Editorial]. The desk was the roof of a miniature White House.
The cartoon contained a very offensive image of an American flag in a garbage can. I am no fan of Putin, yet the syndicated cartoonist could have made his point without showing such a disrespectful image of the flag.
Our flag and what it represents means a great deal to me, my family, veterans and millions of Americans. The U.S. flag in this cartoon was treated like a trashy rag.
Joyce Behr, Farmingdale
While clearly not the only draw to Coney Island on the Fourth of July, the 102nd annual Nathan's Famous Hot Dog Eating Contest does get people up and out early to watch competitive eaters go bun-to-bun.
Reigning champion Miki Sudo held onto the coveted Mustard Belt in the women's group, with 37 hot dogs (and buns) in 10 minutes. And, once again, Joey Chestnut eats fast and furiously enough to win the men's – his 11th.
Take a look at the action at this year's competition (and check back for updates). Then go eat a hot dog.
Men compete during the annual Nathan's Hot Dog Eating Contest on Wednesday.
Joey Chestnut broke his own record of 72 hot dogs, set in 2017, to scarf down 74 -- and that's with buns, people.
Miki Sudo eats her way to the winner's circle on July 4.
My Mustard Belt: Joey Chestnut wins the men's division of the 2018 annual hot dog eating contest.
Joey Chestnut wins the 2018 men's contest, his 11th time clutching the Mustard Belt in the last 12 years competing.
Miki Sudo wins the 2018 women's contest after downing 37 hot dogs in 10 minutes.
Women dressed as hot dogs wait in line on Wednesday for the annual hot dog eating competition in Coney Island.
Ketchup, friend of hot dog.
Fans await the start of the Nathan's Hot Dog Eating Contest on Wednesday in Coney Island.
The hot dogs await their fate on Wednesday.
The crowd awaits the start of the competition.
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Roma put in the final preparations for their Champions League clash against Liverpool at a local leisure centre - where it costs just £75 to hire a pitch!
The Italian giants booked space one of the grass pitches at the Lifestyle Sports Centre in Walton on Tuesday morning, just a mile away from Anfield.
All of the Roma squad took part in the session, as they stretched their legs ahead of the semi-final first leg.
The leisure centre, which is situated in the middle of residential housing, doubles up as the headquarters for Liverpool County FA.
Roma arrived in Liverpool on Monday and examined the playing surface at Anfield that evening.
(Image: CHRIS NEILL/MAVERICK PHOTOGRAPHY)
(Image: CHRIS NEILL/MAVERICK PHOTOGRAPHY)
(Image: CHRIS NEILL/MAVERICK PHOTOGRAPHY)
(Image: CHRIS NEILL/MAVERICK PHOTOGRAPHY)
They will return to the stadium around two hours before kick-off, where a team coach is expected to be greeted by passionate Liverpool fans, just like the Manchester City coach was.
Roma midfielder Kevin Strootman says that his side are well prepared for the game, which will see them reunited with their former wing wizard Mo Salah.
And Strootman admits Roma have dedicated plans for his former teammate.
(Image: CHRIS NEILL/MAVERICK PHOTOGRAPHY)
(Image: CHRIS NEILL/MAVERICK PHOTOGRAPHY)
(Image: CHRIS NEILL/MAVERICK PHOTOGRAPHY)
(Image: CHRIS NEILL/MAVERICK PHOTOGRAPHY)
"Now he has so much confidence and he just creates the chances himself and finds it easy in front of the goal," the Dutchman told the Independent.
"I think it is confidence which is the main difference. It did a lot when he played here but now you see if he has a chance and he misses it, the next time he knows he will score.
"We have special tactics [for Salah] but I'm not going the share it! Italian defence, that is what I'm hoping for."
Cleveland-Cliffs will make the last shipment of iron ore from its Koolyanobbing operations near Southern Cross by the end of June in a blow for the Goldfields-Esperance economy.
Cliffs formally notified contractors yesterday it would wind down the 11-million-tonne-a-year iron ore business by June 30, which supports hundreds of jobs at the mine, along the railway and haulage route and the Port of Esperance.
The US miner flagged in January the operations would close by the end of the year, blaming declines in profits caused by growing discounts from Chinese buyers for its lower-grade iron ore.
But the end has come sooner than expected, with Esperance Port operator Southern Ports informing employees yesterday Cliffs had given it notification of the closure date.
Southern Ports chief executive Nicolas Fertin described it as a “big change”.
“As a result, the confirmation of this action will result in a big change, not just to the port, but to the broader Goldfields-Esperance community,” he said in a memorandum to staff.
“We understand this is an unsettling time for many Southern Ports employees and their families, many of whom have worked on the export of iron ore and with Cliffs.”
Iron ore from Koolyanobbing has been exported continuously through Esperance since 1994, and made up 75 per cent of its export tonnage in the last financial year.
About 130 Southern Ports staff are based in Esperance.
Rail haulage contractor Aurizon, which employs about 90 people on the haulage route, along with rolling stock and assets in Kalgoorlie-Boulder and Esperance, said it would keep staff informed over the coming weeks.
“We will be working through operational issues as part of the ramp-down to June, including redeployment opportunities for our employees and for rolling stock,” an Aurizon spokeswoman said.
“A formal consultation process with employees on the required changes will commence in coming weeks.”
The Kalgoorlie Miner understands redundancies are expected at Arc Infrastructure, which owns and maintains the Leonora-Esperance railway line, of which Cliffs was a major customer.
Mining contractor BGC declined to comment yesterday.
Nationals Member for Roe Peter Rundle said the State Government should establish a working party to minimise job losses.
“I'm disappointed it has happened so quickly so families will be worried, and that's why I think it's really important that all members of Parliament from all sides need to do whatever they can to help out to assist community members,” he said.
A spokeswoman for Mines Minister Bill Johnston said the department was talking to the unions of workers affected by the decision, and that Transport Minister Rita Saffioti had been in “regular discussion with the Southern Ports Authority and affected workers”.
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Manchester United have sealed their £30million move for Swedish defender Victor Lindelof - and that means Maja Nilsson will also arrive.
United have signed the former centre-back from Benfica to kick-start their summer transfer activity.
And behind every good footballer is a beauty standing right behind him, and Lindelof is no different.
The star will be bringing stunning girlfriend Maja with him.
Maja works in marketing and writes for Swedish blog Femme - where she has recently written about toiletries and a guide to Lisbon.
The Swedish beauty also has a regularly updated Instagram page which often sees her posting pictures in Benfica shirts and attending games.
All the signs point to Maja being a major presence in the WAGs United at Old Trafford.
Evelina Kamp, Melanie Da Cruz, Candy-Rae Fleur and Francesca Eleonora - partners of Juan Mata, Anthony Martial, Daley Blind and Matteo Darmian respectively are all queens of Manchester, with Maja expected to join them.
But who exactly is this blond bombshell? Well, we perused her Instagram page to get to know her a bit more.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
With Reggie Lambe coming in as Cambridge United's fourth permanent signing of the season, fans were keen to know a little bit more about their new man.
His eclectic career – featuring the likes of Toronto, Ipswich and the Bermudian national team – certainly paints an interesting picture, but not too much information was available about the midfielder.
We caught up with Jon Colman, Carlisle United reporter for the News and Star, who watched the last two years of Lambe's career, and asked what he thought of the U's latest acquisition.
What is his best position?
“He played as an out-and-out winger sometimes, but he was usually more of an central attacking midfielder, edging towards a wide man.
“He wasn't ever really a striker but he got forward and picked up a goal or two around the box. So he has two or three positions, but he played for Carlisle between winger and centre attacking midfielder. He even deputised as a wing-back when called upon.”
What was his time at Carlisle like?
“Lambe was part of a real recruitment drive in 2016/17 and a key part of the team that got towards the top of the league at the start of the season.
“They went on an unbeaten run until November and he chipped in with a few goals.
“He scored the first goal of the season at Portsmouth and then the winner on his home debut too. He started that season pretty well and last season too on the goal front. When the team was at its best he was a key part of it.
“He attracted criticism when they were struggling. A few fans felt he sometimes went missing, maybe didn't show enough fight. But that's not his game, that's not what he's best at.
“But over the two seasons his goal return was good for an attacking midfielder, he's clearly got some real qualities. He is quite a clever player.
“Consistency – that's what frustrated fans a bit because they could see what he could do.”
How was his relationship with Jabo Ibehre?
“Jabo is obviously still popular here and he started his first season started like a train in 2015/6, but they were both part of a team that did really well and got some good results the next year.
“Jabo led the line and players like Lambe and [Nicky] Adams were creative midfielders playing behind him.
“They didn't exactly have a partnership, but they knew each other's games pretty well and have both been around for a while now.”
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Happy New Year - and happy January transfer window!
The winter sales are upon us and Premier League sides up and down the country are scouring the market as they bid to avoid relegation/push into the European places/chase the title.
There are players across the top flight, and further afield, who could leave their current clubs in January, with some big names facing an uncertain four weeks.
So - who could be on the move in January? And where are they likely to end up?
Our man Darren Lewis has picked out 10 big names who are set to be targeted between now and the end of the month...
Daniel Sturridge - Liverpool
(Photo: Reuters)
The Reds' faithful will not hear of him leaving but a number of clubs - including West Ham - know that he wants to play more regularly and are set to target him. The interested parties may opt for loans but Liverpool are unlikely to sanction his departure unless they get a big-money offer they can't refuse.
Virgil van Dijk - Southampton
(Photo: Julian Finney)
He was sent off in Saturday's home defeat to West Brom. Could that be the last time his club's fans see him in a Saints shirt? He has interest from Manchester City and Everton who are keen to strengthen in defence. The Saints may ultimately end up surrendering their best players but they tend not to do so in January. Could this window be the exception?
Jermain Defoe - Sunderland
(Photo: Action Images via Reuters)
David Moyes remains adamant that he won't be sold but West Ham are in no mood to give up and the battle for his services is set to continue over the next few weeks. Defoe continues to do his job, netting his ninth goal of the season on Saturday despite the Black Cats' inability to defend at Burnley.
Morgan Schneiderlin - Manchester United
(Photo: Reuters)
Unwanted by Jose Mourinho but sought after by both Everton and West Brom. The former Southampton midfielder has been out in the cold at Old Trafford but will surely recapture his form either working under countryman Ronald Koeman at Goodison or bringing his class to West Brom. Both clubs want him. He'll go if the money is right.
Memphis Depay - Manchester United
(Photo: Gareth Copley)
Everton lead the chase but French league leaders Nice are also interested in the Dutchman whose career has disintegrated since he moved to Old Trafford. United could favour selling to Nice to ensure that Depay doesn't come back to haunt them.
Modou Barrow - Swansea
(Photo: Athena Pictures/Getty)
Sam Allardyce has taken a shine to the 24-year-old Gambian winger who has a £5million relegation clause in his contract. The Swans may have been awful so far this season but Barrow has managed to attract a few admirers with his performances so far. He has a relegation clause of £5m but the Welsh club - who look bang in trouble - might cash in if they get a offer too good to turn down.
Francesco Acerbi - Sassuolo
(Photo: Matthias Hangst / Getty)
Leicester boss Claudio Ranieri is keen on the 28-year-old Italian who plays in central defence. The Foxes are understood already to have had a £9million bid rejected but Ranieri is actively seeking a new centre-half this month. He has already wrapped up a £15million deal for highly-rated Genk midfielder Wilfred Ndidi and clearly means business this month.
Callum Wilson - Bournemouth
(Photo: Dan Mullan)
Interesting one this. Newcastle are interested despite the fact that Bournemouth would want a monster offer to even consider selling their star striker. Wilson has scored five times this season and remains a key part of Eddie Howe's plans.
Last season the Cherries rejected a combined bid of £25million for both Wilson and wideman Matt Ritchie. Ritchie is now at Newcastle but it would take a huge offer to tempt Wilson into joining him.
Rudy Gestede - Aston Villa
(Photo: Neville Williams)
Impressive stats for Blackburn but his move to Villa Park hasn't worked out. Just four goals so far this season, all in the Championship but Middlesbrough boss Aitor Karanka has seen enough to want to offer Gestede a return to the Premier League.
Talks are ongoing with a deal expected to be reached this month.
Gerard Deulofeu - Everton
(Photo: Alex Livesey)
Did well for Roberto Martinez at Goodison but it hasn't worked out this season under Ronald Koeman. The 22-year-old has options in Spain and Italy with AC Milan the club leading the chase for his signature.
Toby's Dinner Theatre's production of Dreamgirls includes 32 infectious song and dance numbers, as well as more than 25 shimmering cast members in a show that focuses on three young R&B singers and the producers who scheme to get them to the top of the charts. Photo by Jeri Tidwell Photography
Dreamgirls, the musical melodrama, is glittering again at Toby's Dinner Theater in a production that is scintillating, exhilarating and, finally, exhausting — though not in a bad way.
This is Toby's third production of the multiple Tony Award-winning play. And the cast, both newly minted and repeat performers, puts heart, soul, guts and more soul into the almost-always singing and dancing action that storms across the dinner-theater's stage for nearly three hours.
Of course, we old-timer followers of the 1960's-‘70s entertainment scene are led to think of Diana Ross and the Supremes, James Brown, Little Richard, and those offstage movers and groovers like Berry Gordy Jr. — all of whom the creators of Dreamgirls have insisted over the years are not the real-life models for the characters of the musical.
Let's just say coincidences abound between the real-life and stage-life purveyors of the pop R&B scene who are rolled out for this show about three young women who go through lots of manipulating, mostly by scheming guys, to get to the top of the charts. In the star-building process, lives are damaged and forever changed.
The audience- and critics-pleasing play was directed and choreographed on Broadway in 1981 by Michael “A Chorus Line” Bennett, winning six of its 13 nominated Tonys.
It was transferred to the big screen in 2006, and featured Beyoncé, Eddie Murphy, Jamie Foxx and Rachel Hudson, who picked up an Oscar for best supporting actress.
It skipped across the waters for a London premiere late last year, and that production is reportedly going to skip back to Broadway in 2018.
Emotional story line
Much emotional wrenching, shouting and tear-flowing goes on in the story line and within the wonderful songs that are sung and danced to.
Romances between the young women and their managers heatedly ebb and flow, including the pairing (then breakup) of the Dreamgirls lead singer Deena Jones and the group's manager, Curtis Taylor Jr. (A coincidence, of course, that this resembles the comings and goings of one-time business and romantic partners Diana Ross and Motown chief Berry Gordy Jr.)
Played down, but what perhaps should have been accented more, is how the talents of soulful black performers had to be toned down for them to make the bright lights in a still mostly square white America.
There are a few mentions of the big-hit “covers” by white performers of songs first soulfully emoted by black performers. An example: “Hound Dog” — an all-time hit by Elvis Pressley — was “borrowed” from Big Mama Thornton, who had fashioned it as an original bluesy lament.
Also just hinted at is the way many black R&B performers were short-changed by record producers in those far-off days when records were still being “cut.”
Energetic performances
Anyway, in this current production, the performers are the thing.
Let's point out — while feeling somewhat apologetic for not noting so many others in the top-notch cast — the outstanding performance of Bryan Jeffrey, who's certainly got the feelin' as he goes slippin' and slidin' through his James Brown-Little Richard character of James Thunder Early.
Crystal Freeman also excels as Effie, the former Dreamgirl who is shaken awake when she is given her walking papers by the trio's very controlling manager. She brings down Act 1's (figurative) curtain, as well as the dinner theater house, as she emotes to the song “(And I Am Telling You) I'm Not Going.”
Then there's Sequina DuBose as Diana, er, Deena Jones, who sweet sings her way to night club stardom before quitting the trio to go on to something “more important” (like the movies and a solo act).
And there's DeCarlo Raspberry, as Curtis Taylor Jr., who is as sharp and knowledgeable in the music business as he is creepy and manipulating in his personal relationships.
Kevin McAllister is the director who moves it all along at an almost breathless pace, while the sequined and beautifully draped costumes by Lawrence B. Munsey sparkle and glitter.
Much of the latter is due to lighting designer Lynn Joslin's flashing colored globes and cubes, which come alive along the walls to give added sparkle to the costumes and the performers on the minimal dinner theater stage.
The music is directed and orchestrated by Ross Scott Rawlings, and the dancing is choreographed by Shalyce Hembey. There are 32 — count ‘em, 32! — musical numbers in the show, including reprises.
The singing and dancing to such numbers as “Cadillac Car,” an ode to making it big in the big time, and the wild and wooly “Steppin' to the Bad Side,” are performed by just about everybody in the 25-plus member cast.
The solo shout-outs — the aforementioned “I'm Not Going,” as well as “I Am Changing,” by Effie, as well as the James Brown-Little Richard-James Thunder Early take on “Baby-Baby” — had the couple hundred audience members movin' and groovin' in their seats.
It's too bad there's not enough room at Toby's for dancing in the aisles.
Performances and tickets
Dreamgirls continues through Nov. 12 at Toby's Dinner Theatre, located at 5900 Symphony Woods Rd. in Columbia.
Doors open at 6 p.m. for dinner prior to the evening performances Tuesday through Saturday, which begin at 8 p.m. For Sunday evening performances, which begin at 7 p.m., doors open at 5 p.m. for dinner.
On Wednesdays and Sundays, there are matinee performances, which open for brunch at 10:30 a.m., with shows beginning at 12:30 p.m.
Reservations are required. Ticket prices range from $45.50 (for children under 12) to $64, depending on the performance. Tickets for those 65+ are available Tuesday and Wednesday nights, as well as Wednesday matinees, for $51.85. Ticket prices include buffet dinner or brunch, tea and coffee. Specialty alcoholic drinks are priced separately.
Toby's buffet-style meals offer something for everyone. Dinners feature roast beef, BBQ ribs, fried chicken, roast potatoes, cocktail shrimp, a variety of vegetables and salads, and more. Cake and unlimited ice cream are also included. You can also arrange to have coffee or alcohol brought to you during intermission.
At Toby's, the show's actors also wait on tables. Their tips constitute much of their pay for their performances, so be sure to tip well.
For more information or to reserve tickets, call (410) 730-8311 or visit www.tobysdinnertheatre.com.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ant McPartlin might be keen to get back to work, but the ITV star must reportedly prove to doctors that he has beaten his drug addiction before he can return to TV.
The TV star left rehab last week and is clean of all drugs , except paracetamol, for the first time in three years but won't be able to make his TV comeback until doctors are happy that he has made a full recovery, according to reports.
Ant hopes to be back on top of his game in time for this year's I'm A Celebrity . . . Get Me Out Of Here! that will film in Australia in November.
But the 41 year old doesn't feel pressured to rush back - and will only do so on the advice of his doctors.
(Image: Getty)
"Ant obviously wants to be back if he can be, but in the end it will come down to what the doctors say — and he won't go against their advice," a TV source told The Sun .
"His recovery is ongoing and for insurance reasons he'd have to be fully signed off by a doctor before heading to Australia this year.
"Everyone is hopeful and things are going in the right direction, but ITV have made it clear they aren't going to rush him and he'll take the advice he is given.
"Nobody wants to see him do himself more harm than good by racing back too soon."
Mirror Online have contacted ITV and Ant's representative for comment.
(Image: Rex Features)
Meanwhile, it has been revealed that Ant will spend the next few weeks with his devoted wife out of the limelight after he admitted his marriage may not survive his addiction .
The'm A Celebrity presenter was forced to reveal all in a tearful confession to wife Lisa Armstrong and TV partner Declan Donnelly , after breaking down about about his addictions.
Speaking for the first time since checking into rehab, Ant revealed childhood sweetheart Lisa, who is a make-up artist on Strictly Come Dancing, has been 'fantastic' as she supported him in his recovery.
(Image: Getty)
(Image: Getty)
The couple will now spend the next few weeks together with close friends and family out of the public spotlight while he continues his recovery.
Ant took to Twitter on Sunday evening to thank fans for their kind words after he broke his silence following his stint in rehab.
He wrote: "Have to say I'm overwhelmed by everyone's love, support and well wishes today. Thank you one and all. I'm sending all my love back. A xxx"
In an interview with The Sun Ant said: "I've put Lisa through hell with mood swings and depression and how it affects you.
“I'm very sorry about the effect it has on partners. This kind of stuff puts strains on any marriage.
“In hindsight, I should have mentioned it earlier but you're embarrassed about it.”
“All I can say at the moment is that she's been amazing — fantastic throughout, Ant added.
(Image: FilmMagic.com)
Lisa, who married Ant in 2006, is believed to have discovered her husband's drug use after he broke down in an emotional meeting with her and best pal Dec.
Speaking now, Ant confessed: "I was desperately worried about Lisa in rehab.
“But they start introducing phone calls after a few weeks."
The TV presenter added: “This is something that I've gone through, I've done it. I've stuck to it. I'm proud of doing it. There's a very positive outcome which is great.
“Lisa has gone back to work. She's got all the pre-filming for Strictly next week.
“She's been very supportive. As has Dec. Time will tell (about the marriage). It's very personal, isn't it.”
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Lisa revealed she''d been overwhelmed with support in a touching Twitter message shortly after Ant checked into rehab.
She wrote: "Completely overwhelmed by all your love & support it means so much. I'm relieved he's receiving the help he needs, we just need him better."
In his latest interview, Ant reflected: “Money doesn't make you happy. That's been well documented over the years — but it helps to have a good life, though. I'm very lucky. Happiness for me is eventually being pain free."
The star also spoke about best pal and TV partner Dec.
Ant said: “Because we've got such a great working relationship. I enjoy my job so much. I love it.
“It would be hell during the day in terms of the pain (from the knee).
“But when you go live there's an adrenaline buzz, your professionalism kicks in and you just get through the job.
He admitted: “I would take stuff so I was in no pain whatsoever during the show so that I could perform, especially on shows like Saturday Night Take-away where it's very energetic.
“You just don't think about it. It's not until late at night when the pain kicks in again and you're on your own and depressed about it.”
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
UK consumers are sitting on over £1billion in 'lost' money according to research, with thousands of current accounts holding forgotten cash which has never been reclaimed.
As much as £1.2 billion is lying untouched in "zombie accounts" according to Compare the Market - in other words unclaimed cash left abandoned in bank accounts that are no longer in use.
Research by the comparison website found one in three Brits (37%) hold multiple bank accounts, yet almost half of these (49%) only use one on a daily basis.
With 49 million people using current accounts in the UK, this means that around eight million accounts are sitting idle and unused.
With each of these accounts holding an average of £141, this equates to £1.2 billion across the UK.
Forgotten money - how does it happen?
The investigation by Compare the Market found that the primary reason for these 'lost' accounts is consumers failing to close down unwanted ones - especially when switching.
Nearly a third of those surveyed said they'd opened another current account to take advantage of different rewards offered by different accounts , however one in five people admitted they had opened an account a long time ago and simply had not been bothered to close it.
A bank may deem an account as dormant after a period of prolonged inactivity. At this point, they may send out letters to verify you still hold the account - and wish to keep it open. If they receive no response, or the letter has been 'returned to sender', it is likely the account will be archived until further notice.
Jody Coughlan, Head of Money at compare the market .com said: "It is concerning to see how many people have over £100 sitting in these unused zombie accounts.
Whilst it is a good idea to have a "rainy day fund" set aside in case of emergencies, the fact that so many people don't regularly check their additional accounts is a risky move to take.
"It is really important to regularly check your personal finances for unusual activity and prevent financial losses.
"Unused accounts are easy targets for hackers who might be able to steal hundreds of pounds without it being detected.
"Similarly, recurring direct debits from forgotten accounts can cause customers to unknowingly go into their overdraft and incur hefty fines."
How to find out if you've got 'lost' money stashed away
(Photo: Getty)
If you think you may have forgotten Premium Bonds, or even a lost savings or current account stashed away, there's a handy website called Mylostaccount.org.uk that can help you rediscover it.
It's a free service by the British Bankers' Association (BBA), the Building Societies Association (BSA) and National Savings and Investments (NS&I). All UK banks and building societies are included in its database - to start a search, you'll have to complete an online form here .
The service aims to help consumers discover accounts that are no longer on the 'live' or 'open' part of the bank or building society's customer records and instead are being maintained as part of their record of 'lost' or 'dormant' accounts. This includes accounts belonging to the deceased - which may qualify as part of a will - or vulnerable adults that may be unaware that the accounts even exist.
If you are aware of a bank or building society holding an account then you should first approach that bank or building society direct to see whether the account is still open. If it is not, then you should follow their guidance or use Mylostaccount to search for a 'dormant' or 'lost' account.
If you're tracking down Premium Bonds, you may want to check if you've got any winnings to claim. You can do this using the NS&I Premium Bonds prize checker .
Bonds that were bought more than 30 years ago are unlikely to have a Premium bondholder's number associated with them - you're likely just to have the individually-numbered bonds. If that's the case, you can write to NS&I to ask for one.
What about pensions?
(Photo: Getty)
Lost money is not just about lost savings and old banks accounts, you may also find there's money hidden away in old pensions.
While it is always advised that you keep in touch with your pension schemes throughout your career, if you've changed jobs on a number of occasions, it's possible you may have lost track of what's locked where.
There are over 200,000 pensions schemes in the UK. The government's online Pension Tracing Service helps you track down any lost money you have available elsewhere. You can use the tool to:
Find contact details for your own (or previous) workplace or personal pension scheme
Find contact details for someone else's scheme if you have their permission
Remember if a close relative has died without taking their pension, you may be eligible for that pension fund cash too.
If you're dealing with someone's affairs after their death, you should check their paperwork to see if they had any personal or workplace pension schemes in place.
If they did, contact the pension provider to find out how much they had and what to do next.
If you don't know who the pension provider is and the deceased was employed, contact their employer to see if there was a workplace pension in place.
The amount you can claim and when you can claim it depends on which type of personal or workplace pension it is. The Pensions Tracer tool can help you find out this information, to make a claim or contact the pension provider, the Money Advice Service has a handy letter template you can follow.
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Alan Pardew will limit new signing Daniel Sturridge's training schedule to get him fit and firing for West Brom... and England.
Pardew is thrilled to have got Sturridge on loan for the rest of the ­season to help the Premier League's basement club in their relegation fight.
He says the striker can build up his fitness during matches, and won't always have to train with the rest of the squad.
Sturridge, 28, has started only five games this term and was desperate for first-team football, with the World Cup just four months away.
(Image: Getty)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Albion have scored only 19 times in 25 Premier Leagues games this term, and Pardew feels keeping Sturridge on the pitch will be key to their ­survival hopes.
And he thinks England counterpart Gareth Southgate, a pal from their Crystal Palace days, could reap the benefits in Russia this summer.
Pardew said: “Daniel's deal runs until the summer and we will be managing him maybe a bit more carefully.
(Image: Getty)
“He is fresh because he hasn't had a lot of game time, so he could be that ­rarity for Gareth — a player who is fresh going to the World Cup. He won't be pushed in training. We will slowly build his stamina over games.
“I think senior players will accept that only if there are special circumstances — this boy has missed training for a long period.
“We might do the same with James Morrison and Nacer Chadli when they come back so Daniel won't be the only one.”
(Image: Getty)
Sturridge made his Albion debut as a 78th-minute sub in Wednesday's 3-0 defeat at Premier League leaders Manchester City — one of his old clubs.
But the Birmingham-born forward, who snubbed Newcastle to join Baggies, is now pushing to start Saturday's crunch relegation battle at home to Southampton, with Pardew admitting the striker is fired up.
The Albion boss added: “He knows he has a better chance here of starting games than at Liverpool. Sometimes if you are only getting bit-parts in games it can be demoralising and your focus goes.
“I think he is very much ­focused on his work and I have really enjoyed the moments I have had with him in terms of talking to him and getting to know him.
“Already he showed a couple of flashes at City but we have seen more than that on the training ground.
“I have already seen little flashes that have not just lifted me but everyone at the ­training ground because he can do things with the ball that are ­special. If we can see that on the pitch I think our fans are going to be very excited by him.”
Braun Strowman and The Big Show were in a very beefy match at the conclusion of Raw tonight. Strowman suplexed Show off the turnbuckle and the whole ring fell apart. The crowd went absolutely walnuts.
It's presumable that this was the plan all along — sidenote: how on Earth do they calibrate the ring so that stunt will work? — given how fast WWE's social team capitalized on the video.
Strowman's work has been a lot of fun of late.
Charlottesville Looks To Move Forward From Violent Protests
White marchers carried swastika flags and chanted racist slogans. Counterprotesters gathered to stage their own demonstration. A driver plowed into a group of the counterprotesters — killing a woman.
RACHEL MARTIN, HOST:
The town of Charlottesville, Va., is trying to look forward to this morning after a weekend of racist protests and counter-demonstrations that all turned violent.
(SOUNDBITE OF PROTEST)
UNIDENTIFIED PROTESTERS: (Yelling, unintelligible).
MARTIN: That's sound from those clashes on Saturday. The event was called Unite the Right. White marchers carried swastika flags and chanted racist slogans. Counter-protesters gathered to stage their own demonstration. At one point, a driver plowed into a group of the counter-protesters, killing one woman and injuring 19 others. That man is now in custody and will be arraigned today.
We're going to hear from the governor of Virginia, Terry McAuliffe, in a moment. But first we turn to NPR's Sarah McCammon, who is in Charlottesville. Sarah, you have been on the ground covering all this for the last few days. What have you been hearing from people?
SARAH MCCAMMON, BYLINE: Really just a lot of sadness and shock throughout the day, Rachel. It was - the weekend's events were a big theme of a lot of church services Sunday morning. And throughout the day, people were leaving flowers and other mementos at the intersection in downtown Charlottesville, where Heather Heyer died - the 32-year-old who was killed by a car that slammed into a crowd of counter-protesters on Saturday.
People gathered for a candlelight vigil last night. They were singing softly and remembering her and honoring the others who were injured. I also visited Lee Park, where the statue of Confederate General Robert E. Lee still stands. And I met people who were just kind of milling around in small groups, talking to each other. I met a man who said his daughter was Heather Heyer's age, and he was just, you know, expressing a lot of sadness.
MARTIN: Yeah. So what does happen today? This man - the driver - is in custody.
MCCAMMON: That's right. He is due in court today. He's facing several charges. And something else to watch out for going forward is the civil rights investigation into this incident, which is being conducted by the FBI and the Department of Justice. And the community, of course, is continuing to mourn.
MARTIN: NPR's Sarah McCammon in Charlottesville. Thanks, Sarah.
MCCAMMON: Thanks.
Copyright © 2017 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
New Delhi: The Day 2 of the third Test between India and Sri Lanka closed with the visitors well in charge of the match, thanks to Hardik Pandya blistering maiden century. With his knock, the all-rounder equaled Wasim Akram's record of scoring the fastest ton in Lanka by a visiting player. (IND vs SL, 3rd Test - Live Blog | Full Coverage)
The Pakistani cricket great had completed his century in the island country in 86-balls during a series in 2000 at Galle International Stadium.
On Day 2 of Pallekele Test, Pandya equaled that record, going past Virender Sehwag, who had completed his century in Sri Lanka in 87 balls during a series in 2008.
Here are some other statistical highlights from second day of third Test between India and Sri Lanka:
1. Sri Lanka's first innings score of 135 is the second lowest in Tests at Pallekele. Sri Lanka had scored 117 vs Australia last year.
2. The aforesaid total is their second lowest score vs India in Tests in Sri Lanka behind the 134 at Colombo (PSS) in 2015.
3. Sri Lanka faced 37.4 overs in the first innings of the Test. Just two times in the first innings of a home Test, they have faced even less overs - 28.2 when totalling 71 vs Pakistan at Kandy in 1994 and 34.2 when posting 117 vs Australia at Pallekele last year.
4. India have taken first innings lead of 309 in the first Test, followed by 439 in the second and 352 in the third.
5. Vishwa Fernando (2/87) has produced his best bowling performance in Tests, surpassing the 1 for 16 vs Australia at Galle last year.
6. Hardik Pandya became the fifth Indian player to post a maiden first-class hundred in a Test match, joining Vijay Manjrekar, Kapil Dev, Ajay Ratra and Harbhajan Singh.
7. Pandya's previous highest Test score was 50 on Test debut vs Sri Lanka at Galle last month.
8. Pandya has batted in three innings so far in Tests, maintaining strike rate of 100-plus everytime he came to the crease. His runs' tally in three innings is 178 (ave.59.33) at a strike rate of 107.87.
9. Kuldeep Yadav and Hardik Pandya were involved in a 62- run stand - the highest by a visiting pair for the eighth wicket in Tests at Pallekele.
10. Lakshan Sandakan (5/132) has recorded his best bowling figures, outstripping the 4 for 58 on Test debut against Australia at Pallekele in July 2016
11. Sandakan is the second Sri Lankan bowler after Rangana Herath (5/54 vs Australia last year) to produce a five-wicket haul in Tests at Pallekele
12. Hardik Pandya during his maiden century (108 off 96 balls) hit seven sixes. He has equalled an Indian record for most sixes in a Test innings by a number 8 or lower order batsman. As number eight batsman, Harbhajan Singh, in the course of his brilliant unbeaten knock of 111 off 116 balls vs New Zealand at Hyderabad in 2010-11, had posted seven sixes.. Pandya had scored 107(1* to 108*) before lunch on the second day in an extended session and became the first Indian batsman to make 100 runs or more before lunch on any day of a Test match.
13. Thirty six sixes have been posted in the current rubber - a record in any Test series played in Sri Lanka, eclipsing the 29 between Australia and Sri Lanka in the three-Test series in 2003-04.
14. Pandya posted 26 runs (446660) off Malinda Pushpakumara - the most by an Indian batsman in an over in a Test innings, surpassing the 24 each hit by Sandeep Patil (at Manchester in 1982) and Kapil Dev (at Lord's in 1990) - both against England.
15. Kuldeep Yadav's excellent figures of 4 for 40 are his best in Tests, eclipsing his 4 for 68 vs Australia at Dharamsala in March 2017.
(With PTI inputs)
Who are the most likely candidates from the Eagles' roster to be traded during the draft?
Who are the most likely candidates from the Eagles' roster to be traded during the draft? Apr 23
Nick Foles wants to start, but the Eagles QB is ready to back up Carson Wentz again
Nick Foles wants to start, but the Eagles QB is ready to back up Carson Wentz again Apr 24
Eagles' quarterback Nick Foles talks during his news conference at the NovaCare Complex in Philadelphia, PA on April 24, 2018.
Nick Foles wants to start again. He wants to walk into the huddle as the starting quarterback and help lead his team to a championship.
Again.
The restructured contract the Eagles gave Foles last week prepares for that possibility. But as it stands now, he won't have that opportunity with the Eagles. The reigning Super Bowl MVP is slated to return to his pre-title position of backup – a scenario that even the unassuming quarterback admitted was bizarre.
“It is a crazy situation,” Foles said Tuesday. “I don't know how many times it's happened.”
Poll Which position will the Eagles target with their first-round pick? Running back
Offensive line
Tight end
Receiver
Defensive line
Linebacker
Cornerback/safety
They'll take the best available player Vote Results
How about never?
Foles said he isn't bitter. He said he's “not banging on the table” to force a trade. He said that when he thinks about how it would be to start again, he looks at the arc of his career and how fortunate he is to play in Philadelphia, and realizes he can't worry about what he can't control.
He was originally signed to be Carson Wentz's backup and he's under contract. And while he will hold down the fort and maybe even start a game or two until Wentz returns from a knee injury – a role Foles said he is comfortable filling – he is not the franchise quarterback.
But make no mistake, he wants that chance again. Not that it should come as any surprise.
“I shouldn't have to come out and say, ‘Hey, I should be a starter again,'” Foles said at the NovaCare Complex. “There are a lot of guys that say that, that shouldn't be starters. The key is to go out on the field and lead your team to show people that, ‘Hey, this guy is a good guy in the locker room. He can lead a team. He did it on the field. He's shown it.'”
The Eagles, obviously, see that value; otherwise, they wouldn't have placed such a high price tag on Foles this offseason. They reportedly sought at least a first-round draft pick when the new NFL year opened last month.
But there was more to their demands than just Foles' talent. The Eagles still don't have a concrete timetable for Wentz's return – he said last week that his goal was still to be back by Week 1 – and they understand better than most teams the value of having a starting-caliber backup.
They also had a potential insurance policy in place should something further happen to Wentz, something beyond just this season. Wentz is expected to make a full recovery, and barring an unforeseen setback, he should continue his path toward cementing his place among the league's best quarterbacks.
But the revised deal the Eagles and Foles agreed to last week was about more than just rewarding him for his championship contributions and for being a loyal soldier.
Foles received a $2 million signing bonus and with various incentives – for playing time, wins, and awards – he could earn up to $23 million for 2018. The Eagles, in turn, received an option year for 2019.
“It benefits me, it also benefits the team, as well,” Foles said. “They have an option on me.”
But the option year is mutual, meaning the Eagles can pick up the additional year at $20 million, but if Foles wants to buy his way to free agency he must give back the $2 million bonus.
“We were able to create something that basically protected me and protected the team because it is a unique situation we're in now,” Foles said.
But the Eagles can still use their franchise tag on Foles. He would earn about $5 million more for 2019, but he would be unable to become a free agent. The only reason the Eagles would exercise the tag was if something was to happen to Wentz.
And who could blame the Eagles for protecting themselves? Under different circumstances, they might not have been able to give out such a contract. They might have thought it best to trade Foles, for whatever they could get, to avoid any awkwardness.
But the quarterbacks seemingly have a relationship devoid of selfishness. Wentz put his own self-interest aside and was one of Foles' greatest supporters even though Foles would step into his shoes and fulfill his boyhood dreams. And when Foles said that he hoped his teammate would “get healthy, get back to Carson Wentz,” it appeared genuine.
“It could be tricky, for sure,” Foles said. “But he and I are close. [Third-string QB] Nate [Sudfeld], Carson and me – we have such a great group that works like a dynamic.”
The dynamic could be tested over the next several months. As Wentz rehabs, Foles will run the first-team offense, starting next month when formal practices begin. He will likely retain that role through training camp, the preseason, and possibly into the regular season.
“My mind-set won't change,” Foles said. “There's definitely times when I'm tempted to look at the future, like any of us are. I'd be lying if that wasn't the case. But you have to reel back in and stay in the present.”
As far as the past, Foles said he's still coming to grips with the fairy-tale finish to last season. He said he's still the same person – “Just can't go many places” – but there are constant reminders of his and the Eagles' recent accomplishments.
“I don't know if it will really ever set in,” Foles said. “I don't know if it's really meant to.”
He aspires to win another, but he said he would be content repeating as a backup.
“The grass isn't always greener on the other side,” Foles said. “Do I want an opportunity to lead a team again? Absolutely. But am I trying to run away and do it now? Well, I'm grateful to be here. I'm grateful that the team was able to work through a restructured that benefited me and the team. … I love it here.”
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Slaven Bilic slammed Mike Dean's decision to send off Sofiane Feghouli and claimed the referee's early red card “killed” West Ham .
And Hammers boss Bilic accused Manchester United defender Phil Jones of “making a meal” of the challenge that led to his winger's dismissal.
Feghouli was sent off for lunging in on Jones after just 15 minutes and the visitors eventually capitalised on their lengthy one-man advantage to canter to a sixth straight league win.
But after the 2-0 defeat Bilic said: “It was never a red card. It was a challenge from both of them.
"The more times I've seen it, it's the other way round — it was Jones who made a more dangerous tackle than Feghouli. He got the ball, but went with the scissors. Feghouli's foot was not high in the air, it was not deliberate.
(Photo: West Ham United via Getty)
(Photo: ikimages/REX/Shutterstock)
(Photo: Man Utd via Getty)
(Photo: PA)
“It was the key decision and it killed us. It put the game in a different perspective and was totally unfair for us. Phil made a meal of it, but you cannot blame him. Maybe he made a meal because he is the one who went dangerously and he is saving himself.
“I was very surprised. I wouldn't have been happy with a yellow card [for Feghouli].
“I said to the fourth official and [Man United boss Jose] Mourinho, 'It's not a yellow.' If it was yellow I'd say, 'Why so early in the game for nothing?”
Bilic was also fuming about the Red Devils' second goal, which Zlatan Ibrahimovic scored from an offside position.
He said: “It was a big offside for the second goal. When the players are sprinting it is hard for the referees. I am the first to say that. But the players were walking. They should spot this.”
Mourinho had little sympathy for the Hammers and claimed their Cheikou Kouyate could have seen red too, for an over-the-top challenge on Henrikh Mkhitaryan.
He said: “I don't feel sorry for West Ham. If you talk about decisions, we are the champions of bad decisions.
(Photo: Getty)
“When I play at home I have in my office everything recorded. After the match I can watch.
“I know immediately Zlatan versus Middlesbrough [an effort United had diallowed on Saturday] is a goal. I know minute 76 is penalty on Rashford [which was not given].
“When I play away, I don't have access so I can't comment [on those decisions] — or on Kouyate's tackle on Mkhitaryan.”
BIlic insisted West Ham are “on the way up” despite slumping to a second successive defeat.
He saw enough in his 13th-placed side's spirited response after going down to ten men to convince him they have nothing to worry about in terms of relegation.
Man United needed goalkeeper David De Gea to keep them in the game with vital stops from Manuel Lanzini and Michail Antonio before Juan Mata's opener and Ibrahimovic's late strike sealed all three points.
Bilic said: “I'm proud of the team, I told them after the game. If we continue to work hard and play for each other and play so good on the ball we don't have to worry.
(Photo: Getty)
“We're going to be high in the table. We showed today we can do it. We're on the way up. I told my players that if we do this we will be alright in the table.
“Ten men against a team like this is very hard, but we had chances. We had that clear-cut opportunity [through Antonio]. They had one man more and their quality it drains you.
“We had to score the goal when you had the chance. That would have lifted us up but even with 10 men we didn't sink. Or we didn't crumble like in the last 10-15 minutes against Arsenal.
“I am disappointed with the result and frustrated by how we lost it, but I am proud of my players.”
Bilic also reiterated West Ham's stance that star man Dimitri Payet is not for sale, following fresh talk of interest from his former club Marseille.
(Photo: West Ham United via Getty)
“We said that he started the season and we are moving up and forward and we want to keep our best players. He is definitely our best player and we want to keep him. He's playing well, playing good. Recently he's playing really good. He worked really hard today.
“Don't forget we put in this amount of energy two days after a game [Saturday's loss away to champions Leicester]. He showed his quality and energy for the team. He had to defend a lot, very deep against [Antonio] Valencia. He doesn't look troubled [by the speculation].”
Share. The Parent Deathtrap The Parent Deathtrap
The first episode of Marvel's Runaways was screened at New York Comic Con. This is a spoiler-free review based on what we saw.
Marvel's Runaways delivers a promising start with its adolescent, coming-of-age story where a group of teenagers finds out their parents are super villains. Finally, a reason to be angry with your parents that doesn't have to do with homework or chores. Sometimes the show leans a bit too much into melodrama, but otherwise it captures the essence of the excellent source material and knowingly plays to its biggest strength: it's completely unlike anything else currently in the superhero TV genre.
Yes, DC's Arrowverse has strong parent/hero relationships and Marvel's Netflix shows have a flair for the dramatic, but not quite like this. The Marvel Comics series created by Brian K. Vaughan and Adrian Alphona that Runaways is based on won readers over not just with its juicy, shocking hook but with its rich cast of diverse, troubled teen characters.
The age demographic, ethnic diversity, and male to female ratio are enough to make this show stand apart from everything else in the Marvel Cinematic Universe -- it stars young teens with various backgrounds and the ladies outnumber the guys two to one -- but there's also its surprising emotional maturity. Whereas the MCU movies have made a name for themselves with their nonstop gags and jokes, Runaways plays everything earnestly. Tense moments and dramatic confrontations aren't cut short for a laugh, making this series feel more akin to the Netflix shows than the movies. That said, in place of the more adult themes and subjects tackled by Daredevil, Jessica Jones, and Luke Cage (sorry, Iron Fist), Runaways' overall tone is one of sadness and pain caused by, well, being a teenager.
The brainy but emotionally detached Alex (Rhenzy Feliz) tries to get out of his sad funk by getting the gang back together for a hangout. Easier said than done with each character belonging to a different high school clique. Nico (Lyrica Okano) is the sad, loner goth kid. Purple-haired Gert (Ariela Barer) is a feminist/activist/protestor all about celebrating self-worth while taking down the man. She's sad because she has a crush on Chase (Gregg Sulkin), the most handsome jock in school who may be too dumb to get a good grade in Spanish class but nevertheless has a knack for engineering. He gets his sadness from living under the rule of his intimidating father. There's also beautiful blonde Karolina (Virginia Gardne), who has been raised in a religious cult to be the perfect smiling teen role model, but that smile is just hiding sadness underneath. And Molly (Allegra Acosta) is Gert's adopted sister, the youngest of the group, who just wants to try out for the dance team despite her body going through some interesting changes. No sadness for Molly yet, but there's still time.
Marvel's Runaways: First Look Photos 8 IMAGES Fullscreen Image Artboard 3 Copy Artboard 3 ESC 01 8 Marvel's Runaways: First Look Photo 01 8 Marvel's Runaways: First Look Photo Marvel's Runaways: First Look Photos Hulu Download Image Captions ESC
The writers don't try to make a comment on these teen stereotypes, but rather use them as a way of showing how fast kids can grow apart during their adolescent years. The Runaways aren't so much a superhero team as a group of young people who are forced to face a shocking reality together, despite how different they appear to be. Unique and intriguing personalities are hiding under the stereotypes they wear, you just have to go through a thick layer of sadness to get to them.
And I just have to throw it out there that initially it's hard to feel too bad for these teens given that they all go to a cushy private school (it has a freakin' meditation room) and live with rich parents in lavish Los Angeles homes. This isn't really addressed, but could definitely be fodder for a future episode.
As far as the adults go, Alex's parents Catherine (Angel Parker) and Geoffrey Wilder (Ryan Sands) have great chemistry and a sense of both tenderness, as they try to get through to their troubled son, and power, as they head up the Pride foundation, a group the parents use as a front for their unsavory activities. Chase's parents, on the other hand, feel too one-dimensional; Victor Stein (James Marsters) is the genius inventor with high expectations and zero chill, while his wife Janet (Ever Carradine) seemingly exists just to be afraid of him. To be fair, Chase's parents feel less like oversights and more the result of having 10 parents to introduce on top of everything else.
For those who are fans of the comic book series, worry not, because the show fully embraces the source material. It looks like every member of the cast got up off the comic book page and walked onto set. There are even hints at all the signature powers and abilities, from a special staff to a pair of gauntlets and even a certain character's trusted pet. Showrunners Joshua Schwartz and Stephanie Savage wisely put the teen drama first and slowly mix in the superhero-y elements as the plot unfolds. That they made their name on The O.C. and Gossip Girl won't surprise anyone given Runaways' natural dialogue, teenage yearnings, and engaging character dynamics.
There are several changes from the comic and it's plain to see how each one was necessary to make the show a strong adaption. Now, there is one huge change from the comic that fundamentally alters the story. I won't spoil it here, but suffice to say that it was clearly added to start things off with a more dramatic oomph. It often works, driving characters to act out and make hard decisions, but it's also laid on pretty thick and can occasionally send things into melodramatic overdrive. It's this addition that causes nearly every scene to be so gosh darn sad.
While the show generally works well, a few elements hold it back. Things like a few odd lines of dialogue and a pair of parents who are too awkward for their own good can be ironed out in later episodes, but one extremely uncomfortable scene brings the show's momentum to a screeching halt. For a show that seems to understand its characters so well and add such a richness to the teenage experience, it's shocking to see it use such a serious teen subject as nothing more than a story beat.
Aside from that, the part that most definitely could have benefited from some fine-tuning was the big reveal at the end of the episode. It's not much of a spoiler to say that it ends with the kids learning the truth about their villainous parents, but the way it's done is more confusing than anything. Whereas it should leave viewers shocked and shaken, like when Jaime pushed Bran out the window at the end of the first episode of Game of Thrones, it instead creates a haze of uncertainty over what was just shown on screen. With such an excellent concept to work with, it feels like a huge misstep to not nail that pivotal moment.
Still, the show still has some strengths to fall back on. The dynamic between each child and their parents feels authentic. Some kids get along fine with mom and dad, whereas others have a genuine reason to fear or mistrust their parents -- and this is before the supervillain twist. Also, it's a relief to have a Marvel story where the stakes are both small scale and intensely personal. This show is more in the realm of Spider-Man: Homecoming than The Avengers, just with far less humor than either.
Xiaomi fans we have some good news for you. If you are looking to purchase a new device then this might just be the right time for it. Well, your favorite gadget can be bought at a much cheaper price.
If you are wondering how then GearBest, one of the popular Chinese e-commerce sites is currently running its mid-year sale on all Xiaomi gadgets. So the e-commerce website is giving discounts of up to 60 percent on Xiaomi smartphones, tablets, cameras, headphones and other products that are sold on the platform.
To highlight some of the offers, the Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 is getting 18 percent off on its original price and is being offered at $152.99, (approx Rs. 9,768). The Mi Mix is up for just $665.69 (approx Rs. 42,739) and is getting 11 percent off. Some of the other phones include Mi Note 2 which is available for $487.69 (approx Rs. 31,299) with 8 percent off. Redmi 4A is currently going for $99.99 (approx Rs. 6,362) and is getting 22 percent off. Xiaomi's flagship smartphone, the Mi 6, is also available and is retailing at $429.99 (approx Rs. 27,571) with 28 percent off. Its predecessor, the Mi 5, is selling for $222.99 (approx Rs. 14,267) and is getting 40 percent off.
In addition to smartphones, there are a bunch of other great deals available too. The Xiaomi Mi Pad 3 tablet is available for $223.99 (approx Rs. 14,332) and is getting 27 percent off. The popular Mi Band 2 can be bought for $22.99 (approx Rs.) while Xiaomi Air 13 Laptop is priced at $659 (approx Rs. 42,353) while its original price is $2158 (approx Rs. 1,38,693).
However, there are many deals to choose from and we can't mention all those here. But you can visit GearBest's website and check out the deals for yourself.
It is also worth mentioning that most of the items on sale will be shipped from China. And this basically means that you might have to pay some import fees and other charges. While this can significantly increase the payable amount, it is better to check all the details before making a purchase.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Authors of the long-awaited report into an alleged “culture of fear” at British Cycling have denied their probe was a whitewash.
The 69-page dossier was highly critical of the sport's leadership and treatment of axed sprinter Jess Varnish.
And a panel including former England rugby coach Stuart Lancaster and led by Brtish Rowing chair Annamarie Phelps concluded former technical director Shane Sutton operated in a “power pocket” with the accent heavily on winning medals.
Varnish, dropped from the elite programme after she failed to qualify for the Rio 2016 Olympics, lodged claims of bullying, discrimination and sexism against Sutton, alleging he told her to “go and have a baby.”
(Photo: Getty)
But the published report is a toned-down version of a draft document leaked earlier this year, with Sutton cleared of eight out of the nine claims against him.
Phelps insisted: “I don't believe it's a whitewash. It's quite a strong report with very strong recommendations and very strong criticisms.
“And I don't think there'sa shift in tone (from the original draft). I think we have been as strong. We have changed some of the wording.”
Varnish is expected to pursue legal action against British Cycling to try and force them to release the performance data which vindicates her being dropped from the elite medal programme.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A man who kicked a shopper to death in front of children at a Morrisons supermarket has been sentenced to 11 years detention.
Lee Monk, 20, attacked Nick Rogers, 26, near a till after following a long-running dispute over a debt.
He repeatedly punched his victim before delivering “a powerful kick to his head” as he lay on the floor.
The blow caused a catastrophic brain injury and Nick died in hospital the following day. His devastated mum said her son had been "wiped off the planet for no reason" as she spoke of feeling like her 'heart had been ripped out'.
Monk, of Wymondham, was cleared of murder but convicted of manslaughter and was told yesterday he will spend 11 years in a young offenders institution.
(Image: PA Real Life/Norfolk Constabulary)
(Image: PA Real Life)
Judge Stephen Holt said: "This attack occurred in a very public area; there were children present.
"Children were heard screaming at the violence they witnessed."
The judge added: "It was vicious, cowardly and it was inflicted on a helpless man lying on the floor.
"He did not present any sort of risk to you. You could have walked away but you didn't."
Norwich Crown Court heard how the attack happened at 7.30pm on July 17 last year at the Morrisons store in Wymondham, Norfolk.
Nick had gone into the supermarket with a friend to buy water and fruit when he bumped into Monk.
(Image: PA Real Life)
A verbal dispute quickly escalated into a fight and CCTV recorded the entire incident.
Monk, of Wymondham, was convicted of the manslaughter after a two week trial in December.
Nick's mum Susan Rogers fought back tears as she read a victim impact statement to the court.
She said: "My heart felt as if it had been torn out of me."
Susan said she arrived at the supermarket to find police and an air ambulance outside.
She added: "My beautiful boy died right there on a cold supermarket floor. I watched as his life faded away right in front of me."
The devastated mum said she hoped the thug whose deadly punch and kick killed her son “rots in jail” after he was handed an 11-year sentence.
(Image: PA Real Life)
Sue, 45, of Wymondham, Norfolk, said: "I will never feel sorry for Lee or understand what happened that day, but I hope he rots in jail and I can now get some closure and find some peace.
“When the judge said he had got 11 years I looked at the sky, kissed the air and said ‘that's for my baby'.
“I really felt I had done my boy proud, I've done the best I can for him.”
Before the fatal attack on July 17 last year, Nick had turned his life around, losing an incredible 10 stone in weight and training to be a bouncer.
(Image: PA Real Life/Nick Ansell)
His mum added: “Lee got what he deserved. I feel joyous. I feel for the first time I have got some justice for my boy.
“As his mum, I feel proud of the outcome. I thought he would get five years. People shouldn't be able to do that to someone and get away with it, and the 11-year sentence shows you you will not.
“Nick went to Morrisons to buy some water, but lost his life.
“You always think, as a mum, that your children might be hurt in a car accident, or at a nightclub, but there was never a time when I thought I would have to look out for my children in the supermarket.
“Nick had a life, he counted and he has just been wiped from the face of the planet for no reason - and that is heartbreaking.”
(Image: PA Real Life)
This was the last conversation Sue - who will never forget it - had with her son.
She recalled, tearfully: “Nick walked to the end of the garden and called back to me, ‘Can you wash my shirt while I'm out?'
“I said, ‘How old are you? Wash your own bloody shirt,' before saying, ‘Of course I'll do it.' He laughed and left.
“That was the last conversation we had. My lasting memory is of his smiling face.”
Tragically, two hours later, Sue's phone rang and everything changed.
She said: “My heart felt like it had fallen from my chest. That feeling has not gone away and will stay with me forever.”
Speaking about the moment she rushed to the supermarket to see her son, she told: "I hurtled out of the car and into the supermarket, desperate to be with my boy.
“Straight away, I spotted him, lying on the floor by the customer service desk, receiving CPR.
“All I remember is having to get to him, wanting to hold him and make him better, but it was too late.”
The family held his funeral at Colney Wood burial ground on the outskirts of Norwich, before he was cremated at Earlham Cemetery.
Around 120 people paid their respects to Nick. His beloved bulldog, Winston, led the funeral procession, before Charlie Puth's, See You Again, played him into the service and friends paid their respects by writing on the casket.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Weinstein Company filed for bankruptcy protection on Monday.
The company also announced on Monday that it was releasing any victims of, or witnesses to, Weinstein's alleged misconduct from any non-disclosure agreement that would prevent them from speaking out.
In a statement, the company says it "expressly releases any confidentiality provision" to the extent that it has prevented anyone who "suffered or witnessed any form of sexual misconduct by Harvey Weinstein from telling their stories".
The Weinstein Company says it has entered into sale agreement with a Texas equity firm, Lantern Capital Partners, subject to approval by the US Bankruptcy Court in Delaware.
(Image: PA)
The offer from Lantern - the first bidder - will set the floor for higher and better bidders in a court-supervised auction.
Lions Gate Entertainment Corp had made an earlier offer for some of the company's assets, as had Qatar-owned film company Miramax, which was founded by Harvey Weinstein and his brother Bob Weinstein. Both could be among potential bidders in the auction.
More than 70 women accused the company's co-founder, Harvey Weinstein, who was one of Hollywood's most influential men, of sexual misconduct, including rape. Weinstein has denied having non-consensual sex with anyone.
(Image: AFP)
(Image: WireImage)
"Since October, it has been reported that Harvey Weinstein used non-disclosure agreements as a secret weapon to silence his accusers.
"Effective immediately, those 'agreements' end," the company said in an emailed statement.
In February, New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman sued the Weinstein Company, Harvey Weinstein and his brother Bob Weinstein, alleging that Harvey Weinstein sexually harassed employees and the company failed to respond.
(Image: WENN.com)
Bob Weinstein co-founded the company and is the co-chairman.
"This is a watershed moment for efforts to address the corrosive effects of sexual misconduct in the workplace," Schneiderman said in a statement after the Weinstein Company's announcement on Monday.
Launched in October 2005, the studio produced and distributed critically acclaimed hits including The King's Speech and Silver Linings Playbook, as well as TV series such as long-running fashion reality competition Project Runway.
In what's become one of each season's most creative evenings, "Dancing with the Stars" brings back "Disney Night."Before the nine remaining couples begin the competition, previous champ Alfonso Ribeiro leads the charge in a song-and-dance number featuring everybody associated with the show right now. And a few Disney characters to boot! But it all comes back to dances and scores and viewer votes and who gets eliminated. Here's a rundown of the night's scores, from highest to lowest:We learn "Mulan" is one of Normani's favorite characters and she was overjoyed to get to dance to a song from that Disney movie. Val offers an inspired bit of choreography, mixing the paso doble with a bit of martial arts in order to show Normani's strength. Head judge Len Goodman said he wasn't ready to go overboard with praise, but still gave them a 9 and said he enjoyed the attack and spirit of the dance. Carrie Ann Inaba, Julianne Hough, and Bruno Tonioli agreed it WAS in fact perfection and each gave them a 10."Moana" comes to life via a contemporary dance by Simone and Sasha. They dance to the anthem "How Far I'll Go" and it fits for Simone right now; Sasha's pushing her out of her comfort zone to go as far as she can. He thinks, like the movie's character, Simone is finding her voice. Len said the dance floated his boat; Carrie Ann said it was powerful yet poetic. It was Julianne and Bruno who each gave the couple a 10; with Bruno calling the dance triumphant.It's a jazz assignment for Nancy and Artem is excited to get to show a fun, lighter side to his partner. The routine to a song from "Enchanted" will feature several of the troupe dancers and that worries Nancy. Her age and inexperience intimidates her. But Artem, and the rest of the dancers, keep encouraging her and it looks like what we're learning about Nancy's work process is she gets it together at performance time. The judges give her 9s across the board, with Carrie Ann calling the dance effortless and exuberant; Len thought it captured the spirit of Disney; and Bruno told Nancy she's turning into a leading lady.Heather danced to a song from "Frozen" that wasn't "Let it Go!" Her jazz routine to "For the First Time in Forever" divided the judges. (She still got great scores!) Bruno and Julianne thought she and Alan brought out the characters in the dance perfectly, and the dance was vibrant and alive. Carrie Ann thought it was a missed opportunity and Heather (the real dancer) should have killed in the jazz category.Nick takes on the role of "Pinocchio" for this week's jazz routine. He says he really wants to continue getting better, and promises Peta he will commit to the comic-filled role, no matter how goofy and ridiculous she asks him to be. Her choreography is fun and Len said simply made him feel better for watching it. Carrie Ann called this Nick's breakthrough week, and Bruno thought he was living, or rather dancing, in the moment.Who was this with Gleb tonight? Erika introduced us to a totally different side of herself. It seems she broke down a wall or two and actually showed some vulnerability in her lovely, flowing Viennese waltz. Her song was the Nat King Cole classic "Unforgettable" (which Disney utilized in "Finding Dory") and Erika said is a favorite of her and her husband. After the routine, Bruno said he felt like he met Erika for the first time; Julianne told her to just keep swimming; and Carrie Ann praised her for finally opening up and said she was not a princess but a queen.Rashad channels more of the Prince rather than the Beast for his foxtrot to the tune "Evermore" from Disney's latest hit film. Emma makes the perfect "Beauty," aka Belle. Her goal: more 10s! We learned last week she earned her first 10s EVER. Len thought Rashad channeled Prince Charming, and the dance had a lovely and elegant flow, even though the music was difficult. Len also told the NFL great that he hasn't seen him do a bad dance yet! Bruno thought the duo captured the classic Disney feel.It was tricky for Bonner this week because he had a more obscure (less recognizable) Disney song ("When can I see you again" from "Wreck-It Ralph"). But Bonner "cowboy-ed up" and threw himself into learning the tango. He told Sharna he never thought he'd enjoy dancing so much! Len applauded Bonner for not taking the easy way out, and Sharna for putting lots of content into the routine. All the judges thought Bonner nailed being able to stay in hold and kept his frame solid.David is lamenting that now without Mr. T he's the oldest man in the competition. He says his body feels like it's August in the baseball world. David also admits he never thought he'd make it this far! So of course, they give him the fastest dance this week, the jive! Lindsay choreographs a routine to a brand-new song from the upcoming Disney sequel, "Cars 3." While Julianne and Len thought he was a bit flat-footed, they admired his energy. Carrie Ann complimented David for keeping up with his onstage "pit crew," Lindsay and two other pro dancers.The producers sprinkled the "you're safe" and "you're in jeopardy" announcements throughout the two-hour show. The three couples who were told they were in the bottom three: Normani and Val, Nick and Peta, and Erika and Gleb. Normani is saved first; we quickly learn it was Erika's last dance and she is sent home.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
COPS probing the Sergei Skripal poisoning were accused of bungling the case after seizing the car used to ferry his daughter from the airport – two weeks later.
Forensics officers swooped on the silver Isuzu D-Max truck which was used to pick up 33-year-old Yulia - just a day before she and her dad were found paralysed on March 4.
It was driven by former neighbour and close family friend Ross Cassidy, 61, who kindly stepped in after Sergei's BMW got stuck in the snow .
It has been theorised Yulia could have unwittingly brought the deadly nerve agent with her into the UK in her luggage.
(Image: Daily Mirror)
Last night Ross's step-son Russell Loveridge, 37, said: “It's a farce. It's 15 days later and they take the first car away.
“It was the first car they were in in this country and it's the last car the police have taken away.
“He's got a pick-up truck, they went to the airport and all the luggage goes in the back of the pickup truck not in the car.
“If it (the nerve agent) was in the luggage then it wasn't in the car with them.
“Ross has been driving it for 15 days, he would've got it by now.
(Image: Getty)
“I just think it's stupid how they've taken so long to take it away.
“Ross is fine but he's p***ed off that they've taken his car away but there's not a lot he can do about it.
“They were good friends, we all are of Sergei. Sergei couldn't get his car out because of the snow.
“Rear-wheel drive BMWs don't want to go up that hill.
“So his nearest and dearest gave him a lift to the airport.
“They didn't know at that point that she could have been carrying the nerve agent.
“He's been driving around in it since. He's been going to work.”
(Image: pixel8000)
On Monday concrete firm worker Mr Cassidy confirmed it was his car that has been seized by investigators.
It was seen quarantined in the yard of his employers Cemex in the village of Durrington ten miles north of Salisbury.
Much of Larkhill Road in the village was closed off and tents were erected as both the military and police examined the scene on Monday afternoon.
An MoD spokeswoman said the military presence was “part of our ongoing support to help police in the investigation” and that services were “removing the vehicle from the area”
One theory is that Yulia could have unwittingly brought the nerve agent with her and then exposed herself and her 66-year-old father to it in his home.
Although over the weekend sources in the USA claim Mr Skripal and his daughter may have been exposed to a deadly nerve agent through his car's ventilation system.
(Image: Daily Mirror)
The pair is still fighting for their lives after being exposed to Novichok two weeks ago in the Wiltshire city.
Mr Cassidy's car is the latest vehicle to be taken away over the past few days.
Emergency vehicles which responded to the incident have been taken for forensic analysis as was Mr Skripal's maroon BMW, which was found in a Sainsbury's car park, just a few yards from the main crime scene.
It is believed they are all being taken to the top secret Porton Down research facility for further testing.
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn turned up in Crewe to meet up with local MP Laura Smith and residents in the Leighton area.
Mr Corbyn spent time on Saturday talking to residents before addressing a crowd of supporters in Leighton to talk about Labour's vision for a fairer Britain.
Ms Smith has organised community engagement activity in the ward over a four-week period. This has involved local volunteers litter-picking in the area, knocking on doors and providing a stall for residents.
(Image: David Bloor)
Speaking after the visit by the Labour leader, Ms Smith said: “I promised to be an accessible Member of Parliament. I represent everyone in the Crewe and Nantwich constituency, so I think it is important that I spend time in every ward talking to my constituents and getting to know the issues that matter to them.
“Surgeries are a great way of engaging but if you have to come to me, to my office, at a time of my choosing, that isn't me being accessible. I want to be the type of MP who comes to you, to where you live, so I can see things for myself.
“It was great to have this last-minute support from Jeremy. It is exactly a year since he visited the town centre during the general election campaign and it shows that the Labour Party's leadership cares about this constituency”.
(Image: David Bloor)
The Billington family were among the many people to meet the Labour MPs.
Nicola Billington: “It was a pleasure to meet him [Mr Corbyn]. He was very sincere and a man of true integrity”.
Neil Billington said: “Laura was really nice and it was clear that she genuinely cared about Crewe. She must be very busy with children to look after so it was nice for her to take the time to spend in Leighton.”
Amy Billington said: “It's refreshing to see an MP that lives in the area and understands the issues.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Declan Rice insisted England would be wasting their time in asking him to change allegiances.
The West Ham starlet has flown out to Turkey with the Republic of Ireland squad, and is adamant he will not turn.
This will be his first involvement with Martin O'Neill's side proper, having previously trained with them before last year's trip to America.
He is poised to win his first cap in Friday's friendly in Antalya, before linking up with the Under-21s for a Euros qualifier against Azerbaijan on Tuesday.
(Image: Getty)
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
England boss Gareth Southgate said in January he was keen on London-born Rice, who can play in midfield or defence.
But the 19-year-old said: “There's no decision to be made. I have not had a call from the FA and England have never wanted me at under-age level — it's always been Ireland.”
Asked if he would meet Southgate for a chat, Rice added: “No, not at all. I'm fully focused on Ireland.”
MADRID (AP) — Catalan president Carles Puigdemont on Friday asked to address the regional parliament next week amid growing challenges for his government to deliver on its pledge to declare independence for the prosperous northeastern region in Spain.
A disputed independence referendum in Catalonia last Sunday has led to Spain's biggest political crisis in decades, with the government condemning the vote as illegal, unconstitutional and invalid.
Puigdemont's separatist ruling coalition for the region suffered a setback Thursday when Spain's Constitutional Court suspended a Monday session of regional lawmakers assessing the vote's results. Some lawmakers had said that Puigdemont would declare Catalonia independent then.
Puigdemont says the vote is valid despite a Constitutional Court ban on holding it and the fact that only 40 percent of the region's 5.5 million eligible voters turned out amid strong police pressure to shut down the vote. Catalan officials say 90 percent of those who did vote favored independence.
Spain's conservative government, which is under political and social pressure after police violently tried to halt the banned vote, has rejected any dialogue with Catalan officials unless they drop plans for secession.
Puigdemont has asked now to address the regional parliament on Tuesday to “report on the current political situation.” The speakers' board of Catalonia's regional parliament was to meet Friday afternoon, likely to discuss the request.
Spain's main stock index, meanwhile, was slightly down at the end of morning trading Friday, with Catalan banks leading losses amid uncertainty of what's next in the regional independence bid.
In Madrid, Spain's National Court unconditionally released two senior officers of Catalonia's regional police force and the leaders of two pro-independence civic groups who are being investigated for sedition in connection with the referendum.
The four are to be questioned again in coming days, once the court studies a report by the Civil Guard police about incidents surrounding the referendum.
The case is linked to demonstrations on Sept. 20-21 in Barcelona, when Spanish police arrested several Catalan government officials and raided offices in a crackdown on preparations for the referendum..
The four being investigated are Catalan police chief Josep Lluis Trapero, Catalan police Lt. Teresa Laplana, Jordi Sanchez, the head of the Catalan National Assembly, and Jordi Cuixart, president of separatist group Omnium Cultural.
After being questioned for about an hour, Trapero left the courthouse to applause by Basque and Catalan party representatives and insults from bystanders. Sanchez also answered questions related to his defense.
“I ask strongly that the Spanish government, the national parliament and the head of state (the king) understand that time and the hours are very important to find a debated solution and give way to a political solution,” Sanchez said.
Laplana, who had remained in Barcelona, declined to testify for medical reasons while Cuixart refused to testify, saying he didn't recognize the court's capacity to question him for a crime he didn't commit.
Spanish authorities say the demonstrations hindered the Spanish police operation, and that Catalan police didn't do enough to push back protesters blocking Spanish police officers from leaving a building. Two police cars were vandalized and officers were caught inside the building for hours.
Ahead of Friday's hearing, Catalan pro-independence supporters, including politicians, stood outside as Trapero, Sanchez and Cuixart walked into the National Court. Carles Campuzano, the spokesman for the Democratic Party of Catalonia, described the hearing as an outrage, saying that the demonstrations last month can in no way be considered illegal.
“It's just another expression of the absolutely mistaken, authoritarian, repressive response by the (Spanish) state to the pacific, democratic and civic demand of Catalan society,” he told reporters.
On Thursday, Spain's Constitutional Court ordered Catalonia's parliament to suspend a planned session next week during which separatist lawmakers plan to declare independence.
Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy has urged Puigdemont to cancel plans for declaring independence in order to avoid “greater evils.”
___
Parra reported from Barcelona. Frank Griffiths contributed from London.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
One person was killed and at least five others injured after a tree branch collapsed on them during a fireworks event in Rock Island, Ill.It happened suddenly Tuesday night at a celebration while dozens of people were sitting under a tree. Many got away safely and others tried to lift up the giant branch to help those trapped beneath it.Some spectators who heard the sudden collapse thought it was part of the fireworks display. Some of those hit by the branch remain hospitalized.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A former detective has revealed how he was reprimanded by his own force after he found CCTV footage which was missed by officers investigating an attack on his son.
Even though he helped nab the assailant, Pete Jackson, who was a detective superintendent before retiring, was investigated by Greater Manchester Police after conducting the probe on his own time.
The former officer was left stunned as he was subjected to an internal disciplinary inquiry for grilling colleagues over the standard of the investigation into the assault.
Mr Jackson's whistleblowing prompted detectives to reopen the case and sparked a three year probe by a police watchdog, the Manchester Evening News reports.
(Photo: Greater Manchester Police)
GMP closed down the investigation into the attack on 18-year-old student Thomas Jackson within hours of the incident after officers missed key CCTV footage of the brutal city centre assault.
His furious father walked from his bedside at Manchester Royal Infirmary - where he was being treated for two fractures to his jaw - and immediately found the footage he says his colleagues had missed near Albert Square.
It showed the attacker get out of a taxi and knock Thomas out, leaving him unconscious on the road for five minutes.
The key evidence helped police bring violent Anthony Bamgbose to justice.
Bamgbose was jailed for 23 months after he admitted the unprovoked assault on Thomas and his friend, who had also been knocked unconscious.
(Photo: Greater Manchester Police)
But Mr Jackson, then the head of GMP's major incident team, ended up in trouble with his own force.
The six-month internal probe concluded there was no evidence he had directly accessed information on Bamgbose on GMP computer systems while his anger had been ‘poor judgement' rather than a disciplinary offence, according to an internal GMP report.
Mr Jackson was recommended for ‘constructive developmental feedback'.
He said: “I was disgusted by the police response to an incident which could have resulted in my son's death and the death of his friend. I just didn't believe there would be no CCTV in Albert Square. I walked from the MRI down Oxford Road and conducted my own enquiries.
“I went and stood in what was left of the pool of blood where my son lay, looked up and within seconds I saw two CCTV cameras which captured the whole incident.
(Photo: Manchester Evening News)
“I asked the pub manager and he played the CCTV back. The first frame I saw was my son unconscious on the floor. That's what should have happened already as part of normal enquiries.
“The standard of the investigation was a disgrace. In fact, there was no real investigation at all. Without my intervention, a really dangerous man wouldn't have been brought to justice."
Deputy Chief Constable Ian Pilling conceded there had been ‘poor investigative practice' which resulted in ‘management action' for those who missed the CCTV.
He added: “Separately the conduct of another officer was investigated following concerns about his inappropriate involvement in the inquiry and he received constructive developmental feedback.”
Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the opening ceremony of the U-17 FIFA World Cup at Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium in New Delhi on Friday. Photo: PTI
New Delhi: The FIFA under-17 World Cup, one of the biggest sporting events hosted by India, kicked off on Friday sans the high-decibel advertising that marks a cricket tournament played in the country.
“With limited budgets from the organizers and sponsors not activating marketing budgets, there is very limited buzz around the event, restricted to the football community in the country,” said Indranil Das Blah, chief operating officer at Kwan Entertainment and Marketing Solutions.
Media buyers estimate that a total of 900 seconds of inventory will be on offer per match on the sports channels of Sony Pictures Networks India (SPN), the official broadcaster of the event. While global brand partners are expected to spend around Rs2-3 crore through the event on television advertising, the national sponsors are expected to shell out Rs4.5-5.5 crore, with Sony expected to clock around Rs50-60 crore.
These numbers are nowhere close to a money-spinning cricket property like the Indian Premier League (IPL), which churns out upwards of Rs1,000 crore in media spending.
“It is not a big property from an advertiser perspective. We have brought Hero MotoCorp and LIC (Life Insurance Corporation of India) as on-air sponsors and have got a couple of spot buys as well but it is not (a) big revenue driver for us. We have the rights to FIFA events and since this time it's happening in India, we are promoting it,” said Rohit Gupta, president, network sales and international business, SPN.
The 22-day tournament will be played in six venues across New Delhi, Navi Mumbai, Kolkata, Goa, Kochi and Guwahati.
To be sure, it has managed to attract 13 international and national on-ground sponsors. The six Indian partners have paid between Rs8 crore and Rs13 crore to bag the sponsorships. They include cement maker Dalmia Bharat Ltd, Bank of Baroda, learning app Byju's, Coal India Ltd, NTPC Ltd and Hero MotoCorp Ltd.
The tournament also has seven on-ground global brand partners: Coca-Cola Co., Adidas AG, Hyundai Motor Co. Ltd, Qatar Airways Ltd, Visa Inc., Beijing-based Wanda Group and Russian energy firm Gazprom PJSC.
A variety of campaigns have been launched by these sponsors to woo fans to the stadiums. Hero MotoCorp has released a television ad, Adidas is running a digital campaign and Coca-Cola has set up booths and hydration zones in stadiums.
Sony remains upbeat that the tournament will find viewership. The channel will be telecasting the matches in three language feeds—English, Hindi and Bengali—on Sony Ten 2, Sony Ten 3 and Sony ESPN channels. Viewers will also get to livestream the matches on the Sony LIV app and website.
The network has tied up with Hero MotoCorp as the ‘presenting sponsor' for the World Cup while LIC has come on board as the on-air ‘powered by' sponsor.
“I don't think comparing football with cricket is fair, whether in terms of viewership or ad inventory. Unlike cricket, which has ad breaks after every over, in football there are only ‘pre', half-time and ‘post' slots where ads can be run. So, the size of available inventory is far less,” said Jigar Rambhia, national director, sports partnerships, Maxus India, a GroupM owned media agency.
Ashish Bhasin, chairman and chief executive, South Asia, Dentsu Aegis Network, agrees. Almost 84% of sports-related spending, including sponsorship and team sponsorship as well as media money, is spent on cricket, he said.
“Several leagues including kabaddi, football and badminton have come up in the last few years. While interest levels are increasing in these sports, unfortunately advertising money is not following. Unlike other countries, the difference between cricket and other games in India are huge and I do not see it changing anytime soon,” he added.
Blah of Kwan Entertainment says that properties like IPL have more flexible regulations for sponsorships.
“The minimum ticket size to be associated with a FIFA property is way too high and therefore acts as an entry barrier. Unlike in IPL, where a brand can pay a crore and become a sponsor of a team, FIFA commands a far bigger sum of sponsorship money. Also, it only allows Indian companies to become national sponsors as well. There are many constraints when it comes to marketing and media with international events,” he added.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
British holidaymakers could face a series of flight delays and cancellations this summer as London Luton airport workers consider industrial action over "paltry pay" and zero-hours contracts.
The union Unite has said that passengers "could experience significant disruption" to their travel plans as the strikes would take place during the summer - one of the busiest travel seasons of the year.
The airport is served by plenty of airlines, most notably easyJet which has a base there.
Meanwhile other budget airlines including Ryanair, Thomas Cook Airlines, TUI/First Choice, Vueling and Wizz Air all offer routes from the London-based airport.
The union says it has been negotiating with Luton Airport over pay, but that the company offered an increase of 2.15% to its workers, which was rejected in a consultative ballot, and then backed by an industrial action ballot.
As part of its case, Unite highlighted that Luton Airport's directors' remuneration has increased by 59% and the highest paid director received a pay increase of 48%.
The ballots are currently open until Friday 11th May 2018, but if workers vote in favour of the strikes these could take place as soon as the end of May.
(Image: PA)
Unite will be balloting members at Menzies Aviation, where baggage handlers who say the "company failed to revisit pay rates, breaches of the recognition agreement, poor working conditions and a lack of communication".
Meanwhile a separate vote will take place regarding members employed by Clece Care Service Ltd, who provide assistance at the airport to passengers with reduced mobility, over zero-hours contracts and bullying.
Finally, a third ballot will be held for employees of Luton Airport's branches of International Currency Exchange who are disputing a failure to pay a premium/ antisocial hours payment for staff working before 6am.
(Image: PA)
A spokesperson for Luton Airport said in a statement: "Given we have made a revised pay offer in-line with the current rate of inflation at 2.5% and negotiations are ongoing, it is disappointing to see Unite balloting for industrial action.
"Our staff receive a remuneration package in-line with the rest of the market, including a competitive salary, private health insurance and a generous pension scheme.
"In addition, our staff receive a share of profits, which this year is likely to be in the region of £5,000 for every qualifying employee."
(Image: Universal Images Group Editorial)
Meanwhile, Unite regional co-ordinating officer Ian Maidlow said: “Luton Airport workers regardless of their employer deserve a decent rate of pay for their work and to be treated fairly by management.
"These ballots demonstrate that members will no longer accept paltry pay packets and unfair treatment while their bosses constantly squeeze every last penny to boost profits.
"Workers employed directly by Luton airport have announced a strike ballot because they are justifiably up in arms over pay. They are being offered a pay cut in real terms when the airport's bosses have enriched themselves with sky high pay increases.
"Turnover at Luton airport is up, company profits are up and passenger numbers are up, but the workers on the front line are being given a pay cut.
"London Luton Airport now faces the prospect of a total shutdown if workers vote for strike action. It's time for management to get around the negotiating table and resolve this dispute.”
First Lt. Sylvester Fernandez de Castro, 436th Aerial Port Squadron flight commander of the Passenger Service Flight and Fleet Flight, along with fleet service personnel demonstrate the use of the baggage conveyor to load bags containing blankets, pillows and supplies onto a C-5M Super Galaxy Feb. 8, 2017, on Dover Air Force Base, Del. Members of Air Mobility Command's “Aerial Port of the Future” study team from Scott Air Force Base, Ill., observed the loading of the bags through the “7 Left” troop door that are loaded when carrying passengers in the troop compartment. (U.S. Air Force photo by Roland Balik)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.08.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 08:26 Photo ID: 3167012 VIRIN: 170208-F-BO262-1129 Resolution: 4256x2832 Size: 3.08 MB Location: DOVER AIR FORCE BASE, DE, US Web Views: 1 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, AMC paves ground for Aerial Port of the Future [Image 1 of 9], by Roland Balik, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Petr Cech admits Arsenal need to address their slow starts in the Premier League.
The Gunners fell behind early at Southampton as Charlie Austin gave the hosts a third-minute league following some indecisive Arsenal defending.
Eight days earlier Arsene Wenger's side found themselves 2-0 down to Manchester United with just 11 minutes on the clock.
United went on to win that game 3-1 while Olivier Giroud came off the bench to head home a late equaliser to earn Arsenal a share of the spoils with a 1-1 draw at St Mary's.
Those dropped points leave Arsenal 17 point adrift of leaders Manchester City and a point outside the top four and Cech knows the sluggish starts need to be eradicated.
"One thing that is really gutting is that we lost the game against Man United in the first 10 minutes," the goalkeeper told the club's official website.
"We could have been 3-0 down after 10 minutes again (at Southampton) and I think this is something we need to improve.
"In this league, if you give other teams the advantage in the first five minutes, you make it far more difficult for yourselves.
"We were lucky to get a point, even if we deserved to get one in the end, because we put them under pressure. But we wanted all three"
Southampton, who also hit the bar through Oriel Romeu, appeared to be on for one of their better results of the campaign to date.
Austin hit his fourth goal in three starts to put Mauricio Pellegrino's side on course for a place in the top-half of the table, only for Giroud to strike late on.
"I was delighted with the goal, but it was just instinct really. It got us a great start, but it's one of them where we should've got the three points," Austin told southamptonfc.com
"We've got one and in hindsight, if we'd drawn against Man City we'd be four games unbeaten.
"It is a sense of massive frustration. We started off like a house on fire, with four chances in the first seven minutes, but we needed to get the second goal."
Saints entertain Leicester on Wednesday night as former boss Claude Puel returns to the south coast following his year in charge of Southampton last season.
"We'll go again - we've got big games coming up and a quick turnaround with Leicester at home, so hopefully we can give a good performance again," Austin added.
"I feel like I'm going to get chance after chance, so I'm putting myself in the right positions and luckily I've been putting the ball in the net."
UPDATE 8.44am: THREE more traffic incidents have been reported on the Northern Rivers.
A caravan has broken down on the Pacific Highway, slowing down traffic heading south.
There are also reports of another car crash at Station St, Mullumbimby, which may be affecting traffic.
Police are on scene at the final incident - a car roll on Clothiers Creek Rd, near Pottsville.
TUESDAY 8.10am: DRIVERS heading south from Bangalow are in for a slow drive following a crash on Lismore Road.
Emergency services were called this morning to the intersection with Dudgeons Lane following reports of a single vehicle crash.
Southbound traffic has been impacted and motorists are advised to reduce speed and exercise caution.
The global fabric filters market has been meticulously and comprehensively evaluated in a report by Transparency Market Research (TMR). The analysts authoring the report have identified some of the leading names of the industry, including Siemens AG, Affinia Group, Cummins, Hamon Corporation, and Parker-Hannifin Corporation. The authors have done a brilliant job of deeply assessing the nature of the vendor landscape and how it could take shape in the near future. Furthermore, the report profiles key players of the market based on their recent developments, revenue, products and services, and other factors deemed significant for their growth during the course of the forecast period 2017-2025.
TMR has envisioned the global fabric filters market to post a 6.18% CAGR to be valued at a US$16.34 bn by the completion of the final forecast year. In 2016, the market had held a valuation of US$9.6 bn. By type, pulse jet has been foreseen to make its presence known in the market considering its dominant share of 55.0% attained in the same year. Asia Pacific could showcase its prominence in the coming years while expanding at a 6.89% CAGR.
Need for Best-quality Indoor Air to Make Workplaces Healthier Improves Growth
The demand for fabric filters has been anticipated to gain from regulations that make it mandatory to maintain pure air indoors. This could be evident with the emphasis laid upon the need to maintain the health and safety of workplaces by aiming for top-quality indoor air. The Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) and Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) have been especially keen on stressing on the maintenance of indoor air quality.
Furthermore, fabric filters find application in particle collection because of their 90.0% rate of efficiency. From submicron diameter to hundreds of microns, particles of various sizes could be collected with the use of fabric filters bearing in mind their impressive efficiency. Fabric filters have been expected to put behind other gas filters considering their ability to periodically renew filtering surface using the cleaning process. Control technology could be one of the most demanding applications that fabric filters are used for particulate matter.
Get PDF Brochure for more Professional & Technical industry insights: https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=15860
Steep Cost of Manufacturing Fabric Filters Interferes with Rise in Demand
The manufacture of fabric filters could take its toll on capital investment or revenue of players operating in the market because the cost has been predicted to be quite expensive. This could hamper the demand in the foreseeable future, although the market has been cashing in on some positive growth factors in the recent years. Nevertheless, the application of fabric filters in the pharmaceuticals industry to mitigate issues such as the risk of chemical and health hazards to workers due to the formation of dust as a by-product during the manufacture of drugs and other products.
About us:
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a U.S.-based provider of syndicated research, customized research, and consulting services. TMR's global and regional market intelligence coverage includes industries such as pharmaceutical, chemicals and materials, technology and media, food and beverages, and consumer goods, among others. Each TMR research report provides clients with a 360-degree view of the market with statistical forecasts, competitive landscape, detailed segmentation, key trends, and strategic recommendations.
Contact us:
Transparency Market Research
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany
NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
There are two things all the Black Mirror actors who have spoken to Mirror Online say.
Firstly: there's nothing like reading that script for the first time, and experiencing the story the way the audience will.
Secondly: you won't be able to tell anyone about it for weeks, if not months.
It doesn't matter if that person is the person who gave birth to you, the love of your life, or Oscar-winning superstar and Arkangel director, Jodie Foster.
For Milanka Brooks, receiving the full USS Callister script meant that she had a bigger secret than most to keep, and for longer - the episode shot in January 2017, but was only released by Netflix that December.
Subscribe to our Black Mirror Cracked podcast here
She tells the Black Mirror Cracked podcast: "Once I got the script, I read the front page, and it said:
"'Elena Tulaska, the glamorous Head of Security of the USS Callister, and also a bald blue alien'.
"This wasn't actually something that was mentioned in my audition script."
(Image: Netflix)
The blue paint did leave Milanka embarrassed in a few ways.
Firstly, filming had to be halted - and assistance provided - anytime she needed the loo, as the blue on her hands would've gone everywhere.
Secondly, her alien look scared any children of the crew who visited the set, including the Brooker kids.
(Image: AFP)
Thirdly, one evening at dinner with the whole cast and crew, she found herself facing Hollywood icon Jodie Foster, who was in town to edit her episode, Arkangel.
Milanka found herself having to explain her stubbornly green hands
While not being able to talk about the show they were filming. Awkward.
Still, at least this was all for a great role.
(Image: Netflix)
As Milanka says, "I'd already seen Shut Up and Dance, which Will Bridges co-wrote with Charlie, so I knew that the script would come in at a pace, and be strong."
Echoing Gina Bramhill, the voice of Coach in Hang the DJ, Milanka adds, "Any chance to play two characters in something - yes, I'd take it every time!"
Milanka goes on to praise her colleagues for making the transitions between sets easy.
(Image: PA)
She says: "Cristin Millioti brings such depth to the role of Nanette Cole.
"As a crew, we became very close, very quick and ended up doing a lot of things together both on set and off.
"So when it flipped from Callister back into Callister Inc., it was nice because, as actors, we had a chance to continue playing with each other on set.
How to subscribe Make sure you never miss an episode of the Black Mirror Cracked podcast. Subscribe on iTunes
Subscribe on Audioboom Wherever you're subscribing, add a rating and review to let us know what you think.
"The production design on this episode is out of this world.
"On the first day, we all had the honour of turning up to this wonderful spaceship, that was built in London - sadly not some exotic place, or space.
"We then snap right into this sleek, grey-ish set, which is where we end up after the wormhole.
(Image: Netflix)
"Everything was given to us in terms of adapting our characters to which world we were then in, because of the extravagance with which they created these sets."
That's not to say that the Callister Inc. office set was without details that would reward the keen, eagle-eyed viewer - and Milanka's character ends up holding a big Easter Egg .
"I'm on reception and flipping away on my iPhone on what ended up being, in the final cut, the Hang the DJ app .
(Image: Netflix)
"So I'm actually looking at a dating app while I'm on reception, but I think that's something that they decided later on."
Milanka spent three weeks - the vast majority of her time on the USS Callister set - painted blue.
As she recalls, "Every single day I was blue, my hands were spray-painted blue, so I was drinking coffee through straws; I was eating nuts with a spoon.
(Image: Netflix)
"I had to make sure the blue didn't get on anyone, or get on the set.
"Especially for the kiss with Jesse - that came at a time in the day when , essentially, there was nothing else left to film.
"You just didn't know how much blue was going to end up on him, how long it would take it get it off, how long it would take to re-do me...
"But I absolutely loved every moment of it.
"When the blue came off, I wasn't really sure who I was anymore...
"I didn't see daylight for those three weeks!"
For more behind-the-scenes tales - including one on exactly how little Charlie Brooker likes to be hugged onset - have a listen to the podcast.
Holly Sloey
News Editor
Two academics from the University of Glasgow have been awarded OBEs in this year's New Years Honours List. Professor Jeremy Bagg, Head of the Dental School, and Professor Sally-Ann Cooper, Professor of Learning Disabilities, received the honour for services to dental education and services to science and medicine respectively.
Head of the Dental School since 2005, Professor Bagg is also Vice-Dean of the Dental Faculty of the Royal College of Physicians & Surgeons, President of the Glasgow Odontological Society, Chair of the Steering Group of the Scottish Dental Clinical Effectiveness Programme, and a member of the UK Advisory Panel for Health Care Workers Infected with Blood-borne Viruses. He joined the University of Glasgow as a lecturer in 1991, after leaving his lecturer post at Cardiff Dental School. He was previously Chairman of the National Dentistry Advisory Committee at the Scottish Government Health Department, and was awarded the Fellowship of the Faculty of Public Health for his contribution to public health microbiology in 2004.
He said: “Since 2005 I have been privileged to work with an outstanding team of staff and students at Glasgow Dental School and, with support from both the University of Glasgow and NHS Greater Glasgow & Clyde, we have built a vibrant and strongly-performing school. This award reflects the hard work and commitment of a large number of colleagues and friends and I see it very much as a team result. I am delighted.”
Professor Cooper has published extensive research advancing the scientific understanding of the health inequalities experienced by people with learning disabilities. In conjunction with working as a Consultant Psychiatrist at NHS Greater Glasgow and Clyde, she has established and is Director of the Scottish Learning Disabilities Observatory, chaired the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (NICE) guideline on mental health problems in people with learning disabilities, and developed diagnostic criteria for classification of mental ill-health for people with learning disabilities.
She commented: “I am surprised and delighted at this honour, and very pleased indeed in the importance it recognises of working to improve the health and lives of people with learning disabilities.”
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Georgia May Foote launched into an EPIC Twitter rant when she thought her ex-boyfriend was throwing shade at her in a cryptic tweet.
The former Coronation Street star lashed out at Sean Ward after he tweeted about karma.
Georgia, who played Katy Armstrong in Corrie, has had her say following reports that Sean appeared to throw shade in the tweet "‘karma is a patient b****"
Sean, who played murdered thug Callum Logan in the ITV1 soap, posted the tweet this week after it was revealed the Bury actress had split from her boyfriend George Alsford.
(Image: Twitter)
(Image: Twitter)
Georgia and Our Girl actor Sean, from Manchester, broke up in 2015 after her time on Strictly Come Dancing. She then went on to date her professional dance partner Giovanni Pernice.
Today Georgia tweeted: "Karma aint a b**** to people who do nothing wrong. Guilt makes people do/say funny things doesn't it. i always have to keep my mouth shut and i'm the one who gets the s*** say what u want cz i really dont care what u all think. I know everything about MY life."
She then wrote: "Being a woman is seriously s***. When will paper/magazine stop slandering us. Making us look like certain types of people when they have no idea about what happens in our lives. Sick to death of being a good person and letting s*** go to save other peoples backs."
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
(Image: Instagram)
(Image: Instagram)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
And Georgia added: "Leave me alone to live MY LIFE. And do my JOB."
After her split from model George, the soap star posted a reflective Instagram post saying: "I never thought my best memories would make me feel this way. Or that people could so easily delete and forget. But here's to making more. More that i will never forget."
Georgia , who was in Corrie for five years, and George dated for 18 months.
Last year Georgia's Corrie character Katy was killed off in a car accident and her ex Chesney brought their son Joseph back to the cobbles.
Marriage proposal goes horribly wrong as girl falls off a stage
Man fighting for life after accident in Sutton Va
Second girl dies after Oldham 'hit and run'
Mum's horror as baby is taken to HOSPITAL after b
Couple who have Down's Syndrome have a magical we
Five interesting facts about the new £1 coin
Will Max come regret his latest decision in Easte
Moment of market bomb blast which killed nearly 3
Pit Bull attacks owner when she tries to make it
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A woman said she "literally fell" for her boyfriend when he proposed in front of a crowd of around thousands at a music gig.
Wearing a skimpy black outfit, Endyugi Soedarsono was called up by boyfriend Jeff Jackson who had convinced the DJ to let him ask the love of his life to marry him.
But before he got the chance to pop the question, poor Endyugi lost her footing and fell off the edge of the stage.
The scene was caught on camera by Colton Carlyle at the gig in Texas.
He said: "I was filming social media content for the music festival called Lights All Night in Dallas.
(Photo: Facebook)
"The couple came up on stage and I started rolling footage, as soon as she fell i dropped my phone and went to help her.
"She is ok and said yes!"
Jeff was also happy with how his night went, also adding a video to Facebook, with the message: "Got the DJ to let me propose to Endyugi Soedarsono in front of about 20,000 people.
"It was an amazing night to say the least."
(Photo: Facebook)
While Endyugi replied to Colton's video: "So embarrassing, hahaha, I'm okay tho... still in shock..... but he did good! Hehe."
Later adding: "Lmao, my whole damn body hurts.
"Thank you for capturing the perfect moment I literally fell for him."
London, UK (webnewswire) July 2, 2018 – Future Electronics, a global leading distributor of electronic components, and NXP, a world leader in secure connectivity solutions for embedded applications, are hosting a seminar on the i.MX RT Series Crossover Processor in San Sebastian, Spain on July 4, 2018.
Low power application processors and high-performance microcontrollers have finally merged. This free seminar workshop will introduce participants to the i.MX RT Series, the industry's first crossover processor, which includes the highest performance Arm® Cortex®-M core, real-time functionality and MCU usability, all at an affordable price.
The seminar will also include hands-on exercises where participants can explore the various features of this new product family. The i.MX RT 105x processors are based on the Cortex M7 core, which guarantees a very high level of real-time performance. Because they do not include ﬂash memory, this allows a great deal of ﬂexibility in implementation at a very interesting cost.
Click here https://tinyurl.com/NXPRoadshow to register for the i.MX RT Series Workshop. For more information and to order from a wide range of embedded connectivity solutions, visit: www.FutureElectronics.com.
About Future Electronics
Future Electronics is a global leader in electronics distribution, ranking 3rd in component sales worldwide, with an impressive reputation for developing efficient, comprehensive global supply chain solutions, as well as differentiated engineering services encompassing technical support, technology training and custom board design. Founded in 1968 by Robert Miller, President, Future Electronics has established itself as one of the most innovative organizations in the industry today, with 5,500 employees in 169 offices in 44 countries around the world. Future Electronics is globally integrated, with one worldwide IT infrastructure providing real-time inventory availability and access, while enabling full integration of its operations, sales and marketing worldwide. Offering the highest level of service, the most advanced engineering capabilities and technical solutions through all stages of the design-production cycle, and the largest available-to-sell inventory in the world, Future's mission is always to Delight the Customer®. For more information, visit www.FutureElectronics.com.
Media Contact
Martin H. Gordon
Director, Corporate Communications
FUTURE ELECTRONICS
www.FutureElectronics.com
514-694-7710 (ext. 2236)
Fax: 514-630-2671
martin.gordon@FutureElectronics.com
###
April 28 Barnes Group Inc
* Barnes group inc. Reports first quarter 2017 financial results
* Q1 adjusted earnings per share $0.71
* Q1 earnings per share $0.70
* Q1 sales rose 19 percent to $342 million
* Sees fy 2017 sales up 8 to 9 percent
* Barnes group inc - sees fy organic sales growth of 5% to 6%
* Barnes group inc - sees 2017 adjusted net income of $2.68 to $2.78 per diluted share
* Barnes group inc - qtrly organic sales increased by 11%
* Barnes group inc - aerospace backlog was $687 million at end of q1 of 2017, up 16% year-over-year
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.60, revenue view $314.8 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Fy2017 earnings per share view $2.71, revenue view $1.32 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
At Intel, A Retirement Perk That Can Kick Off A New Career As A Paid Fellow
Enlarge this image toggle caption Ina Jaffe/NPR Ina Jaffe/NPR
Not everyone who reaches so-called retirement age is ready to retire. But they may be ready for a change. That's one of the reasons that the tech giant Intel pays longtime employees a stipend while they try out new careers at nonprofit organizations.
One of those employees is 61-year-old Gail Dougherty. The former project manager now sits at a desk at the Virginia Garcia Memorial Health Center in Oregon, poring over a spreadsheet on her computer. She's crunching patient data with input from doctors and nurses to figure out better ways of delivering care to the health center's high number of patients with diabetes.
"Out of my own non-medical, non-health-care ... head, [I] proposed a workflow that seemed like, from what I was hearing might be the most helpful thing for our patients," Dougherty says.
Those patients are migrant workers and others who have no health insurance or who qualify for Medicaid. Dougherty says the skills from her old job fit in with her new one, even though the two jobs couldn't be more different.
"At Intel, deadlines are king," says Dougherty. "You've got a product, you've got to get it out, either first or by the time you promised. Schedules are king." But at the health center? "Not so much," she says, "because what's primary is the patient care."
Dougherty is what's known as an Encore Fellow. She'll work at the health center part time for about a year and receive a stipend of $25,000. This is part of a nationwide program started by Encore.org that brings retiring corporate workers into mission-driven organizations. [You may have heard sponsorship messages about Encore on NPR and other media outlets.] But Intel is the only company that pays the stipend for its retirees' fellowships as a basic employee benefit. In the past five years, the company has paid for about 1,000 fellowships at a cost of more than $30 million.
"In the scheme of our total labor cost, it's a very small number," says Ogden Reid, Intel's vice president for human resources.
He says it's also a worthwhile expense. "We feel like we're helping our communities," Reid says. "Our retirees give us really positive feedback ... and our workforce that's here see that happening to folks who've had a long career and I think that makes them feel good about the company."
Right now, seven Encore Fellows work at the Virginia Garcia Memorial Health Center. Gil Munoz, the center's CEO, says they play a crucial role.
"They bring a certain discipline, a certain rigor, to looking at problems and solving them," Munoz says. "Having these Encore Fellows who could help lead a project can be the key to whether it's successful or not."
Enlarge this image toggle caption Ina Jaffe/NPR Ina Jaffe/NPR
That may be why Jinny Meade, 73, is still here. She came to the health center a couple of years ago as an Encore Fellow. Now she's a permanent part-time employee, working as a project consultant.
"I'm sort of the nag that helps them stay on track as much as possible," she says, laughing.
It's rewarding to know that her management skills are serving the mission of the health center, but Meade also derives satisfaction from what she gets back in return.
"It's really exciting to be part of something that's ... bigger than ourselves," she says. "Health care for the underserved is a worthy cause." And in Meade's case, it's also a second career.
This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here
FERNDALE — The annual Pride festival in Fabulous Ferndale will attract some 15,000 attendees celebrating the LGBTQ community on Saturday in the downtown area for the seventh year in a row. This event is all things diversity and inclusion and a place where year after year locals let their freak flags fly.
The event includes featured DJ's, dancing, live music, a 5K Rainbow Run, HIV/STI testing, and a mass wedding ceremony taking place on the main stage.
Hundreds of vendors will be on hand as well as local businesses along the main drag flying their rainbow flags in solidarity with Pride's participants.
The event is free and open to everyone.
Weather
The forecast predicts rain for the days leading up to the event, but Saturday is supposed to be clear skies and temps in the 70s. Here's a look at the forecast:
Saturday
Mostly sunny, with a high near 72.
Click here for more information.
Liquid Telecom, AfriLabs partner on innovation
Liquid Telecom has partnered with AfriLabs, a network organisation of 100 innovation centres across 30 African countries, to explore new ways to support local start-ups and promote sustainable innovation across Africa.
From digital skills training and workshops to accelerator competitions, Liquid Telecom and AfriLabs will launch a new series of joint programmes designed to accelerate growth within the region's tech start-up communities, ultimately helping to stimulate economic growth.
AfriLabs was founded in 2011 to build a community around rapidly emerging tech hubs – innovation spaces that serve as meeting points and communities for developers, entrepreneurs and investors. It has since grown to become the largest network of African technology hubs with over 200 000 community members.
As part of a new agreement, Liquid Telecom will deliver connectivity to AfriLabs innovation centres located within its fibre footprint, which includes Nairobi Garage in Kenya, Bongohive in Zambia, BUNI in Tanzania and many more.
Cloud computing is the foundation for all technology innovation and Liquid Telecom will provide start-ups with access to critical development tools by leveraging the Microsoft Azure platform, as well as the software developer platform, GitHub, which was recently acquired by Microsoft.
Leveraging Liquid Telecom's infrastructure, partner network and market presence across Africa, start-ups will be able to develop and scale up their solutions with help from the Liquid team.
AfriLabs affiliate hub members will also be able to access Liquid Telecom's digital skills training platform, which focuses on key 4th Industrial Revolution skills, such as Artificial Intelligence (AI), Internet of Things (IoT), Machine Learning (ML), game development and cloud computing.
“Liquid Telecom is passionate about scaling start-ups across Africa. Through our Innovation Partnerships initiative, we've already supported many inspirational start-ups over the last year, who are using technology to help solve African problems,” says Ben Roberts, group CTIO at Liquid Telecom. This new partnership with AfriLabs will really help push our initiative to the next level – both in terms of raising Liquid Telecom's profile within Africa's tech ecosystem and improving our ability to support the region's start-ups with the resources they need to successfully bring solutions to market.”
Roberts is presenting at the third edition of the AfriLabs Annual Gathering, which will be held this year in Tanzania from 11 to 13 October under the theme ‘Innovation in the Data Age'.
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Coronation Street 's Lucy Fallon has revealed she can hardly bear to watch the “horrific” grooming scenes featuring her character Bethany Platt.
And her boyfriend and dad have refused to sit through them, finding the content simply too distressing to view.
In the soap the 16-year-old is at the centre of a harrowing storyline in which her much older “boyfriend” Nathan Curtis will soon start pimping her out to his mates for money, starting with his sick friend Neil.
Actress Lucy, who is dating salesman Tom Leech, said: “My mum watches it but I don't think my dad can watch it at the moment. And my boyfriend doesn't watch because he finds it too uncomfortable. I find it uncomfortable to watch because it's me in it.
(Photo: ITV)
“She does end up sleeping with Neil and it upset me because she's saying no and ‘I'm not that kind of girl' and he just lays her on the bed. I had to cry and it was like, ‘Oh this is horrible'. I could really put myself in that mindset, I think you kind of have to otherwise you're not doing it properly.”
Actor who plays Coronation Street paedophile Nathan Curtis praises survivors of Rotherham abuse horror
The soap star, 21, said it was hard to shake off her character after hours of filming the dark plot. “It's horrific,” she sighed. “I don't think there's any way you can get out of it but I have quite a long drive home, so I zone out and listen to my music and by the time I get home I feel normal again.
“Even though it's uncomfortable to watch, I think it's so important. I'm determined to do it justice.”
To prepare for the role, Lucy was put in touch with a woman who had experienced this type of sexual exploitation for real, through the NSPCC .
(Photo: Rex Features)
Now called Lucie, the girl was just 10 when she was subjected to a similar experience which lasted for years.
“Lucie talked through what had happened to her, she was really young, just ten but it progressed until she was 16,” Fallon explained.
“That was horrific, really horrific. I was really crying during our talk with her.
“It helped me understand how people get into those situations, because obviously I've never been through anything like that and neither has anyone I know. After speaking to her I felt a lot more confident with the storyline.”
She feels the experience is certain to affect her future parenting techniques. “If I have a child, boy or girl, it's changed the way I feel about them being on social media from such a young age, I don't think it should be allowed. I think there should be an age limit, I think 16.”
(Photo: ITV)
Coronation Street viewers slam Steve McDonald's reaction after he catches Michelle Connor and Robert Preston kissing
When the storyline first aired it attracted complaints from some viewers who didn't find it suitable for pre-watershed viewing.
Lucy defended the plot, arguing: “Nothing that we have filmed has been graphic, there's no nudity or anything that shouldn't be on at that time. I understand that it's a pre watershed and it's a controversial storyline, but we need to do it at this time to target the people we want to target.
“I think this storyline is so important - it doesn't bother me that people say it shouldn't be on at this time of night. I think that gets outweighed by the people who say this is important and people who have come forward and said they were abused and it's helping them to talk about it.”
(Photo: ITV)
Lucy is hoping that Nathan is eventually jailed for his grooming and abuse of Bethany. “I'd like to see him in prison because it's quite rare, Lucie's case didn't even go to court so the person who did it to her is still living in her area.
"I think it's important that we show people this is happening to that he does go to prison otherwise they might be like, ‘There's no point me telling anyone this is happening to me because nothing will come of it'.”
Today Wednesday, 15th of February of 2017 is the 46th day of the year. There are 319 days remaining until the end of 2017. 629 days until mid-term elections. 1357 days until the next presidential election. The sun will rise in San Francisco at 6:58 am and the sun will set at 5:50 pm. Today we will have 10 hours and 52 minutes of daylight.
Solar noon will be at 12:24 pm.
The first high tide was at 2:34 am
and the next high tide will be at 2:30 pm.
The first low tide will be at 8:26 am
and the next low tide at 8:24 pm.
The Moon is 79.5% illuminated: a Waning Gibbous moon
Moon Direction: ↑ 200.99° SSW
Moon Altitude: 44.94°
Moon Distance: 246960 mi
Next New Moon: Feb 26, 20176:58 am
Next Full Moon: Mar 12, 20177:53 am
Next Moonset: Today9:42 am
Today is…
National Gumdrop Day
National Hippo Day
National I Want Butterscotch Day
Remember the Maine Day
Singles Awareness Day
St. Skeletor's Day
Susan B. Anthony Day
It's also...
International Duties Memorial Day in Russia
John Frum Day in Vanuatu
Liberation Day in Afghanistan
National Flag of Canada Day
Parinirvana Day, celebrated in Mahayana Buddhism
Statehood Day in Serbia
The ENIAC Day in Philadelphia
Total Defense Day in Singapore
If today is your birthday, Happy Birthday To You! You share this day with...
1564 – Galileo Galilei, Italian astronomer, physicist, and mathematician (d. 1642)
1571 – Michael Praetorius, German organist and composer (d. 1621)
1797 – Henry E. Steinway, German-American businessman, founded Steinway & Sons (d. 1871)
1812 – Charles Lewis Tiffany, American businessman, founded Tiffany & Co. (d. 1902)
1820 – Susan B. Anthony, American suffragist and activist (d. 1906)
1883 – Sax Rohmer, English-American author (d. 1959)
1905 – Harold Arlen, American composer (d. 1986)
1907 – Cesar Romero, American actor (d. 1994)
1909 – Miep Gies, Austrian-Dutch humanitarian, helped hide Anne Frank and her family (d. 2010)
1914 – Hale Boggs, American lawyer and politician (d. 1972)
1918 – Allan Arbus, American actor and photographer (d. 2013)
1922 – John B. Anderson, American lawyer and politician
1923 – Yelena Bonner, Soviet-Russian activist (d. 2011)
1927 – Harvey Korman, American actor and comedian (d. 2008)
1929 – Graham Hill, English race car driver and businessman (d. 1975)
1929 – James R. Schlesinger, American economist and politician, 12th United States Secretary of Defense (d. 2014)
1935 – Susan Brownmiller, American journalist and author
1941 – Brian Holland, American songwriter and producer
1945 – Douglas Hofstadter, American author and academic
1947 – John Adams, American composer
1948 – Art Spiegelman, Swedish-American cartoonist and critic
1951 – Melissa Manchester, American singer-songwriter and actress
1951 – Jane Seymour, English-American actress, producer, and jewelry designer
1954 – Matt Groening, American animator, producer, and screenwriter
1964 – Chris Farley, American comedian and actor (d. 1997)
On this day in history...
1764 – The city of St. Louis is established in Spanish Louisiana (now in Missouri, USA).
1879 – Women's rights: US President Rutherford B. Hayes signs a bill allowing female attorneys to argue cases before the Supreme Court of the United States.
1898 – The battleship USS Maine explodes and sinks in Havana harbor in Cuba, killing 274. This event leads the United States to declare war on Spain.
1925 – The 1925 serum run to Nome: The second delivery of serum arrives in Nome, Alaska.
1933 – In Miami, Giuseppe Zangara attempts to assassinate US President-elect Franklin D. Roosevelt, but instead shoots Chicago mayor Anton J. Cermak, who dies of his wounds on March 6, 1933.
1946 – ENIAC, the first electronic general-purpose computer, is formally dedicated at the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia.
1965 – A new red-and-white maple leaf design is adopted as the flag of Canada, replacing the old Canadian Red Ensign banner.
1971 – The decimalisation of British coinage is completed on Decimal Day.
1972 – Sound recordings are granted U.S. federal copyright protection for the first time.
1989 – Soviet war in Afghanistan: The Soviet Union officially announces that all of its troops have left Afghanistan.
1992 – Serial killer Jeffrey Dahmer was sentenced in Milwaukee to life in prison.
2001 – The first draft of the complete human genome is published in Nature.
2003 – Protests against the Iraq war take place in over 600 cities worldwide. It is estimated that between eight million to 30 million people participate, making this the largest peace demonstration in history.
2013 – A meteor explodes over Russia, injuring 1,500 people as a shock wave blows out windows and rocks buildings. This happens unexpectedly only hours before the expected closest ever approach of the larger and unrelated asteroid 2012 DA14.
The mining boom made the whole GST system "go bung" but Scott Morrison says a new carve-up and funding boosts totalling $5.2 billion over the next eight years will leave no state or territory worse off.
Under a new formula, to be detailed by the Treasurer on Thursday, the federal government will ensure that by 2022, no state receives less than 70 cents per person per dollar of GST.
The funding will be untied, meaning governments will be able to spend it as they see fit to deliver services in their state, including schools, hospitals, roads and rail.
Western Australia is expected to be the only state with a relativity below 0.70 during the phase-in time from next financial year.
"Bigger states are still subsidising smaller states, but not unreasonably as has happened because of the way the formula was working before," he told Sky News.
The Commonwealth could go it alone on the GST plan but Mr Morrison wants the support of each state and territory by the end of the year.
They're slated to receive $67.3 billion in GST payments in 2018/19, rising to $112.25 billion, including the top-ups, in 2028/29.
The system under which GST is shared, known as horizontal fiscal equalisation, has not been changed significantly since the consumption tax was introduced in 2000.
The benchmark for HFE will shift over eight years to a new standard that will ensure the fiscal capacity of all states and territories is at least the equal of NSW or Victoria (whichever is higher).
"Benchmarking all states and territories to the economies of the two largest states will remove the effects of extreme circumstances, like the mining boom, from Australia's GST distribution system," Mr Morrison said.
He said the mining minerals boom "basically made the whole GST system go bung" and while no-one was at fault it's his job was to make sure it won't happen again.
As well as moving to a new standard, the government will put in place the new "floor" of 70 cents per person per dollar of GST, below which no state's relativity can fall, from 2022/23.
This will rise to 75 cents from 2024/25.
The government has rejected the recommendation of a Productivity Commission review to use an "average" figure to equalise the payments, which Mr Morrison said would have left smaller states behind.
"It would have been too costly, too much impact on other smaller states and territories. That wasn't going to fly," he told Nine Network.
"We needed something that was more achievable."
WA's GST share dropped to 30 cents in the dollar per person as a result of the mining boom, which triggered the review.
During the transition to the new system, the federal government will provide short-term funding to ensure no state receives less than 70 cents per person per dollar of GST.
The first injection into the new GST distribution will be worth $600 million in 2021/22, with the second injection of $250 million in 2024/25.
The combined additional commonwealth funding would then be indexed to grow in line with GST collections on a permanent basis.
State and territory Treasurers will meet in September to discuss the plan, with a final agreement expected by the end of 2018.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A young child swallowed coins after copying an advert for Go Compare featuring a cash-eating monster.
The TV commercial shows a woman shocked to find the small Monster Bill eating cash from her neighbour's purse.
The neighbour explains that the monster was her home insurance bill, to which the woman exclaims: "It's eating all your money."
A parent, who said their four-year-old child swallowed coins after watching the ad, complained that it could encourage emulation by younger children.
(Image: PA)
GoCompare said that while there was a clear difference between swallowing coins and Monster Bill's eating of fake paper money, it was concerned by the complainant's experience and "would never wish for that to happen".
It said it would apply a restriction to prevent the ad from screening during or adjacent to programmes commissioned for, principally directed at or likely to appeal to children under 16.
Ad clearance agency Clearcast said that while the eating of paper money was not to be recommended, any potential harm could not be compared to the swallowing of coins, adding that as eating paper was not especially harmful it did not see the need to impose a timing restriction on the ad.
(Image: PA)
The Advertising Standards Authority (ASA) said it was concerned that the ad might encourage young children to attempt to swallow money themselves, which was "a dangerous practice to emulate".
"As such, while we acknowledged that the ad was suitable for older children, there was a risk that the ad would cause harm to younger children," it said.
It ruled that the ad must not be broadcast again in its current form before 7.30pm.
A GoCompare spokesman said: "Our advert featuring Monster Bill was never designed to appeal to children, and while we believe it is unlikely that the advert would influence a child to copy the character, we understand the concern and are happy to apply the 7.30pm time restriction."
Roberto Deiaco, the former executive chef at Armani/Ristorante 5th Avenue, has opened a new restaurant in Manhattan's midtown. Dubbed Avena, the restaurant was inspired by his Italian upbringing and his years of experience cooking for Giorgio's Armani Restaurant. #wwdeye (📷: @lightboxer)
Jean (Nardi) Meola, 81, of Southington, passed away on Christmas Day at the Apple Rehab in Plainville. She was the wife of the late James Meola.
She was born in Southington, the daughter of the late Joseph and Beatrice Nardi. Prior to her retirement she was employed by Supreme Lake.
She is survived by her children, Jim Meola and Al Laderoute, Sharon Meola and Dave Melix, Steven and Teri Meola, Glenn Meola and Greg Meola, grandchildren, Christian and Jen Meola, Nicole Meola and Jeff Cianci, Kate and Eric Dickerman and Debra-Lynn and Troy Mandigo, great grandchildren Kaonna, Kory, Maddi, Kameron, Ava, Sophia, Christian and Nicholas. She also leaves a sister Beatrice and husband George Sakellarios and many nieces and nephews.
The family would like to thank the nurses and staff at Apple Rehab for their superb care and concern for Jean.
Funeral services were held on Friday at the DellaVecchia Funeral Home, 211 N. Main St. Burial was at St. Thomas Cemetery.
For online condolences please visit, www.dellavecchiafh.com
3:16 Mac Attack says Romo looked good but Dak earned this Pause
1:24 Tony Romo says he showed he can be the same guy
2:34 DeSoto claims its first football state title
1:32 Dallas Police warn against celebrating with gunfire
0:26 TRE train kills woman who fell onto tracks
1:08 Man opens fire at DC pizzeria over fake news story
1:35 Police Athletic League starts boxing program
2:07 Are the Dallas Cowboys still America's Team?
1:12 Man's best friend also becomes man's best colleague
The iconic smiley logo is ratcheting up its presence in India on the 46th anniversary of the ubiquitous marker of good vibes.
The slightly goofy, yellow smiling face, trademarked by its creator French journalist Franklin Loufrani in 1972, is transforming into a commercially successful juggernaut of joy in India, aiming to increase its revenue about four-fold in three years.
“Smiley is about spreading happiness,” said Franklin's son Nicolas Loufrani, who was in Mumbai last week to speak at the Indian Fashion forum and firm up Indian partnerships. “We want to spread happiness. We see smiley as a little positive virus that's here to remind people to be positive and smile.”
The 46-year-old CEO of the Smiley Co. was speaking a few days before the International Day of Happiness on 20 March. The firm already has successful licensing deals with retail clothing brand Lifestyle and gift store Archies for use of the Smiley logo on their products and has partnered with Dream Theatre, a licensing agent in India.
In the coming months, Smiley tie-ups in the form of food products, stationery, school bags, gift items, clothes and toys are expected to be rolled out. The Smiley business in India is at $5-6 million in retail. “In the next three years, we are targeting Rs150 crore (around $23 million) at retail, across categories,” said Jiggy George, CEO of Dream Theatre.
“Now a lot of brands communicate around happiness,” said Loufrani. “My father was really the first one to use happiness as a marketing concept and push it. That was his value and philosophy and vision when he started.”
Since Loufrani joined the company in 1996, when the family founded the Smiley Co. in London, the smiling face logo has become an entrenched brand, shooting off in new directions and spawning licensing deals in more than 100 countries across 12 product categories.
“I personally think that it's good for brands to be associated with a positive message of spreading happiness,” he said. “I think most people aspire to be happy and this is something as universal as possible without being controversial.”
Smiley Co. has more than 260 licensees globally, selling more than 23 million products in a year. “You don't sell the same product to the same people,” he said. “If you want to be universal and if you want your emotion and message to be for everyone, you need to target different consumers with different products.”
In the late nineties, with the advent of texting and the digital boom, Loufrani saw further adaptive possibilities in the smiley, including the potential for communication. In 2001, the company launched the Smiley Dictionary with more than 3,000 symbols, each riffing on the basic round face with different moods, colours and patterns—including animals, fruits and flags.
“I announced the birth of a universal language,” Loufrani said. “My vision—and it was a self-fulfilling prophecy—was that we are going to create a new form of language, of communication, replacing texts by smileys, which is what happened. Now billions of people are using graphics in their communication.”
The company's studio creates hundreds of new smiley designs every year, and each is individually protected. “Any artistic creation is protected by copyright laws… and they are our creation so we have the right of controlling their use,” Loufrani said. “Other people can create other sorts of happy faces or other sorts of graphics, like emojis. They have a very distinctive arts direction. I prefer ours, of course.”
He laughs: “We have this classic retro look that makes it cool.”
David Jackson reviews Royal Blood, At The Drive-In and Black Honey at Arena Birmingham
By the end of Royal Blood's headline gig on Saturday, drums were lying scattered across the stage while a bass guitar, hanging on a mic stand, was ringing distorted and effect laden feedback out across the arena.
Royal Blood. Picture: David Jackson
If there was any doubt whether a rock duo could command an arena and captivate 15,000 fans, over the course of 17 songs, singer and bassist Mike Kerr and drummer Ben Thatcher proved conclusively the answers was ‘yes'.
Royal Blood are currently playing across the country as part of their tour supporting their new album How Did We Get So Dark and at the weekend headlined Arena Birmingham.
Along for the ride was El Paso rock icons At The Drive-In and Brighton's indie rock outfit Black Honey - and we'll address this straight away.
None of these bands seemed natural 'bedfellows' and the line up had more akin with a mid-afternoon at the Reading Festival than an indoor area gig the middle of the Midlands.
Black Honey. Picture: David Jackson
However, it worked perfectly - despite leaving the odd casual observer a little perplexed at times.
Openers Black Honey have been picking up a fan on the back of a string of indie rock with huge pop choruses.
Led by Izzy Phillips, the four piece - whose debut album is out next year - confidently raced through a short seven song set.
Wearing vivid green dress and with stark blonde hair, Phillips dominated the stage.
Royal Blood. Picture: David Jackson
Highlights of the set included the excellent Somebody Better and new single Dig.
If Black Honey remained somewhat rooted to their respective stage positions, ATDI frontman Cedric Bixler more than made up for this.
It's pushing 20 years since their landmark LP Relationship Of Command but they are still captivating to watch.
Shortly after maracas introduced opening track Arcarsenal, At The Drive-In exploded into life.
Black Honey. Picture: David Jackson
Now sporting a greying beard, Bixler remained a blur throughout their set, leaping off the bass drum at regular intervals and hurling his microphone stand high into the air.
ATDI split their set between tracks from the aforementioned LP and latest record in*ter-a*li*a.
No Wolf Like The Present and Governed By Contagions proved the post-hardcore act are still a force to be reckoned with and still thrilling to witness live - even if some of those entering the arena having been introduced to the headliners via daytime radio were left looking somewhat stumped by their noisy punky discord.
If you're wondering, ‘how did Royal Blood dominate a stage suitable for dozens', the answer is with lasers, LEDs and video projections which all went some considerable way to creating an electrifying atmosphere.
With bassist Kerr set stage right, drummer Thatcher was set on a small drum rise opposite.
Royal Blood's set stuck to the tried and tested formula which has won them so many fans.
Royal Blood. Picture: David Jackson
Meaty bass riffs - layered with effects - pounding drum beats and killer hooks and choruses.
They opened with Lights Out from their latest LP before launching straight into Where Are You Now with the 15,000 strong crowed erupting into life.
Throughout the set, Kerr provided a masterclass in somehow managing to prowl around the stage and walkway as frontman while also playing lead and rhythm riffs simultaneously on his bass.
Come On Oversaw the duo surrounded by dozens of red lasers while Little Monster, complete with a mid-song drum solo, was among the early highlights.
Mid way through their set, Kerr paused to talk to the Birmingham crowd.
"This is so surreal, I can't believe this is happening,” he explained.
"This is the biggest gig we've ever done in case you wonder why we look terrified.
"What's weirder for us is you play these songs and you're remembered where you were when you wrote them. We never thought we'd be playing them in an arena."
The truth is, neither Kerr nor Thatcher looked in the slightest bit out of their comfort zone, rather relishing in every minute of their set.
Loose Change and Figure It Out brought their set to a close before Royal Blood returned for an encore featuring the pounding Ten Tonne Skeleton and Out of the Black.
By the end of the encore, Kerr was swinging his bass around the stage, creating deafening noises while Thatcher had jumped off the walkway into the crowd, eventually re-emerging for the pair to leave the stage together.
While Birmingham was the pair's biggest headline gig to date, if Royal Blood continue on this form, they'll be playing to thousands more for years to come.
Royal Blood played:
Lights Out
Where Are You Now?
Come on Over
You Can Be So Cruel
I Only Lie When I Love You
She's Creeping
Look Like You Know
Little Monster
Hook, Line & Sinker
Blood Hands
Sleep
Hole in Your Heart
How Did We Get So Dark?
Loose Change
Figure It Out
Encore:
Ten Tonne Skeleton
Out of the Black
At The Drive In played:
Arcarsenal
No Wolf Like the Present
Pattern Against User
Hostage Stamps
Metronome Arthritis
Continuum
Enfilade
Governed By Contagions
One Armed Scissor
Black Honey played:
All My Pride
Madonna
Somebody Better
Dig
Hello Today
Spinning Wheel
Corrine
* The show took place on Saturday November 18. Visit www.seetickets.com/tour/royal-blood for future Royal Blood tour dates.
Royal Blood. Picture: David Jackson
At The Drive-In. Picture: David Jackson
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Standing in the perilous Korean demilitarised zone, US Vice-President Mike Pence warned dictator Kim Jong-un the “era of patience” was over.
America's second-in-command vowed North Korea could befall the same treatment recently carried out by US military in Syria and Afghanistan - both of which were bombed by President Trump - if it did not stop its nuclear programme.
Mr Pence said Kim needed to be under no illusions the Trump administration's approach to the crisis is in stark contrast to previous Presidents.
“We're going to abandon the failed policy of strategic patience,” he said before adding “all options are on the table.”
“Just in the past two weeks, the world witnessed the strength and resolve of our new president in actions taken in Syria and Afghanistan.
“North Korea would do well not to test his resolve or the strength of the armed forces of the United States in this region.
“As our secretary of defence made clear here in South Korea, not that long ago, we will defeat any attack, and we will meet any use of conventional or nuclear weapons with an overwhelming and effective response.”
Today, Mr Pence made an unannounced visit to the demilitarised zone, which he called the “frontier of freedom.”
(Photo: REUTERS)
On Sunday Mr Trump heightened tensions further between the two countries further.
While spending Easter at his Mar-a-Lago mansion in Florida, he tweeted:
“Our military is building and is rapidly becoming stronger than ever before. Frankly, we have no choice.”
Earlier this month, on Mr Trump's command, the US military launched 59 cruise missiles at a Syrian military airfield in retaliation for a chemical attack which killed more than 90 of civilians.
Then, less than a week later, the US dropped a 22,000-pound bomb - the largest non-nuclear bomb ever used in combat - on Islamic State forces in eastern Afghanistan.
(Photo: REUTERS)
In readiness for a possible pre-emptive strike against North Korea, a US Navy task force, led by the aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson, has been stationed off the east coast of South Korea.
The moved fuelled speculation the Trump administration might act after being emboldened by the ease of their actions in Syria in Afghanistan.
Yesterday Japanese media claimed both China and Russia had dispatched intelligence-gathering vessels from their navies to chase the US “armada.”
(Photo: AFP)
The claims were made by multiple sources of the Japanese government, according to The Yomiuri Shimbun newspaper.
Russia yesterday warned Washington against launching a unilateral strike on North Korea claiming the US was on a “risky path”.
Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said: “We do not accept the reckless nuclear missile actions of Pyongyang that breach UN resolutions, but that does not mean that you can break international law.
“I hope that there will not be any unilateral actions like the one we saw recently in Syria.”
Military action is strongly opposed in South Korea over fears it would likely bear the brunt of any retaliation possibly from chemical weapons.
(Photo: REUTERS)
North Korea has built up an arsenal of conventional artillery on its side of the 160-mile long demilitarised zone, capable of reaching Seoul, a city of 10 million people just 30 miles from the border.
The fear of devastation and the risk to the American troops based in and around the South Korean capital has long restrained US administrations from striking North Korea.
The zone was established by the Armistice Agreement for the Restoration of the South Korean State signed in 1953 at the end of Korean war to act as a 2.5-mile buffer between the two countries.
Mr Pence yesterday stressed he was still hopeful military action could be avoided through diplomacy.
While stood next to South Korean Acting President Hwang Kyo-ahn (corr), he said he is American wanted to convince North Korea to abandon its nuclear weapons “through peaceful means”.
“We're going to redouble our efforts to bring diplomatic and economic pressure to bear on North Korea.
“Our hope is that we can resolve this issue peaceably.
He added the US and its allies would achieve their objectives through “peaceable means or ultimately by whatever means are necessary to protect South Korea and stabilise the region.”
“On behalf of President Trump, my message to South Korea is this - we are with you 100 percent,” he said, adding the “era of strategic patience is over.”
The US leader is relying heavily on China, a country he spent his entire election campaign railing against but which has strong ties to Pyongyang, to act as a peace broker.
“I know the President was heartened by his discussions with President Xi (Jinping). We've seen China begin to take some actions to bring pressure on North Korea but there needs to be more,” Mr Pence said.
The US leader recently entertained President Xi at Mar-a-Lago sensing his help was pivotal for any deal with North Korea.
(Photo: REUTERS)
Yesterday Chinese foreign ministry spokesman Lu Kang said the onus was on all parties - including the US and China - to reach a peaceful solution.
“Resolving this issue requires all relevant parties, especially parties that bear major responsibility and play a key role in this issue, to work in the same direction and make a joint effort,” he said.
Any potential strikes against the North would likely place the States into a diplomatic crisis with China, which is Kim Jong-un's main economic lifeline.
On Saturday the dictator carried out a defiant show of force parading his military to celebrate the 105th anniversary of the birth of the nation's founder Kim Il-Sung.
Hours later the North carried out a test missile launch which ended in disaster after blowing up immediately after take off.
It came after Pyongyang had warned it was prepared to take the “toughest”
action unless the US ended its “military hysteria”.
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Lenders have been slow to pass on rising interest rates to savers but have quickly hiked borrowers' mortgage costs, research from Which? suggests.
With speculation that a further base rate rise could be coming soon, Which? looked at how savers and mortgage holders were affected by the previous rise in November, when the base rate was increased from 0.25% to 0.5%.
Investigating how mortgage and savings providers reacted to the 0.25 percentage point increase in the base rate in the weeks after the rise, Which? claimed it found evidence of "double standards".
It looked at 327 variable instant access savings accounts and ISAs, finding that in the five weeks after the base rate rise nearly half (48%) did not see any rate change at all.
It found that while just over one in five (21%) had passed on the full 0.25% rise to customers during the period, nearly a third (30%) of accounts saw a rate increase of less than 0.25%.
Overall, of 95 providers in the instant access savings market, Which? found that five weeks on from the Bank of England's announcement, just one in 10 (10%) had applied the full 0.25 percentage point rise to all their instant access savings accounts and ISAs.
Looking at mortgages, Which? found that for standard variable rate (SVR) mortgages, more than half (53%) of providers looked at had increased their rate for existing borrowers by the end of 2017 after the base rate was increased.
Looking at 76 fixed-rate mortgage providers, Which? also found that the market averages for two-year, three-year and five-year deals all increased between October and December.
Gareth Shaw, Which? money expert, said: "The last base rate rise saw clear double standards from some financial institutions."
He continued: "Ahead of a possible future rate rise, we're calling on banks and providers to be fair to their customers across the board."
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The Which? research included banks and building societies.
A spokeswoman for trade association UK Finance said: "Any change in interest rates will see banks looking to balance the increased cost of customer borrowing with the savings returns to ensure that their products are competitive.
"Mortgage and savings rates are determined by a number of different factors and external costs that do not correlate to the base rate when interest rates are as low as they have been for several years.
"Most mortgage borrowers pay a fixed rate and so would see no change while their current deal lasts.
"For both mortgages and savings, banks also now make it easier for customers to compare and switch products, and these improvements will help customers shop around for the best deal, should interest rates rise."
SALEM, Va. - Mother nature held up some progress, but not all, in the VHSL region tournaments in SW Virginia. in region 4D baseball, Salem's quest to prove it is not just a football school continued with a 10-3 region semifinal win over Jefferson Forest. The Spartans advance to the region final vs Amherst Co.
"The monkey is off our back now. Finally got the win and it feels great, and I think it will inspire the program all the way down. I hope it does," Salem coach Wes McMillian said.
"It's a phenomenal feeling of reward for every one of the guys on here, I mean we all bought in and December and you know coming into the new year we really amped things up so saying it all come to fruition is something special," shortstop Joe Quinn said.
The region 4C baseball semifinals had less success with mother nature. Chatham and Fort Chiswell played to a 2-2 tie into the bottom of the 4th when the rains came, and the field became unplayable. They will resume tomorrow at noon with Appomattox Co and Dan River to follow.
In the 2C softball semifinals, James River rallied from 4-0 down to defeat Floyd Co. 8-6. They will take on Appomattox Co. in the region finals after the Raiders downed Giles 9-4.
The region 3D baseball contest between Northside and Cave Spring has been moved to Abingdon at 4 p.m. tomorrow, with the winner facing Abingdon in the nightcap for the region crown.
The region 1C semifinals were rained out in Galax as well, and they have been postponed until Thursday.
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
The Reina nightclub just hours before the shooting
Huge fire at iconic London pub on New Years Eve
New Years 2017: New York Fireworks In Full
Second girl dies after Oldham 'hit and run'
Moment of market bomb blast which killed nearly 3
Pit Bull attacks owner when she tries to make it
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
This horrifying footage shows a cart hurtling down a hill moments before crashing leaving a man fighting for his life in hospital.
The men dressed in RAF costumes can be seen racing down a hill in the Kent village of Sutton Valence.
The two men pushing the pram can be seen jumping onto the back of the cart as it hurtles down the hill.
However, seconds later the pram crashed during the annual New Year's Day race in front of horrified spectators.
A 52-year-old man is now fighting for his life in hospital.
Thousands of spectators lined the streets to watch the ever-popular pram race through Sutton Valence yesterday.
Each team had to complete two laps of the loop road in the village, including "pit stops" at the pubs along the way.
But, shortly after 12.30pm and during the second race, emergency services were called to after a man fell from one of the prams.
The crash appeared to take place on a downhill section of the track lined with spectators.
The man suffered a serious head injury and was airlifted to King's College hospital in London.
(Photo: Facebook)
(Photo: Twitter/ Kent 999)
Reports on social media have suggested the man has died. However, Kent Police has confirmed to Mirror Online that he is still being treated for his injuries in hospital.
One eye witness told Kent Online : "Three men dressed in RAF costumes and a pram designed like an aeroplane came down the street at speed before the pram flipped over.
"It literally happened a few feet in front of me; they fell at my feet.
"It all happened so quickly and then I saw blood on the floor."
(Photo: Kent Online)
(Photo: Facebook)
The witness added that the event's first aid tent was next to where the man fell, so people were with him immediately.
It is believed off-duty doctors and a paramedic were also at the scene.
"The three RAF guys were going a lot quicker than the pram in front of them. As soon as I saw them coming at that speed I thought there was going to be a crash, but I didn't think it was going to be that bad," the witness added.
The event, which is organised by The Queen's Head Oddfellows Fund, is held every year to raise money for charity.
Debi Blankenship and her sister Fannette Welton wanted to spend their spring break doing something meaningful to help their neighbors.
They turned Blankenship's front yard into a haven where people who need food or personal care items like soap and toilet paper can come without the shame and stigma that some face when going to a traditional food pantry.
“We were trying to figure out what we could do to give back and help people in our community,” Blankenship said.
“Some people are embarrassed and won't go to a food pantry,” she said.
Blankenship and Welton said the idea grew from news reports and the Free Little Pantry Facebook page.
Blankenship's home is across the street from Shady Oaks Elementary School in Hurst, and she is concerned about children and their parents who might need a cereal bar for breakfast or some crackers.
Blankenship is a professor of communications at Tarrant County College, and Welton retired from the Defense Department.
Welton built an open wooden cabinet, and the sisters bought a plastic bin with three drawers to hold items that are easy to carry like granola bars, peanut butter crackers, tuna, ravioli and canned soups. There is also a drawer filled with soap, body wash and toilet paper.
“We've found that the toilet paper goes fast,” Welton said.
Paying it forward
Blankenship's living room is piled with canned goods, crackers and other items to keep the small pantry well-stocked.
Jesica McClard, who founded the Free Little Pantry movement on Facebook almost a year ago, said she got the idea from seeing tiny libraries springing up in her neighborhood. The libraries are often located in front yards, and people can take a book and are encouraged to donate in return.
McClard, who lives in Fayetteville, Ark., runs for exercise and also loves to read and said her idea started taking shape when she stopped at the small libraries and wondered about other ways to help people in Fayetteville who are in need.
“I started to wonder what it was about the concept that moved people to action. I decided it wasn't really about the books. I decided it was about creating an intentional space for neighborliness,” she said.
It is difficult to estimate how many pantries there are throughout the country, as this is a grassroots effort, McClard said.
She created a Facebook page shortly after she filled her pantry, and the concept took off when she invited her Facebook friends to “like” her page.
McClard said she sees the little free pantries as a way to fill in the gaps when it comes to helping people.
“A lot of the brick-and-mortar food pantries have set hours and some have means-testing, which means that there are people who wouldn't qualify and fall through the gaps,” she said.
The free little pantries help anyone from college students who don't have much money to single moms who need a few extra jars of baby food or diapers.
McClard said she rarely has to fill her small pantry, which is at her church because the community donates items.
Personal care items toilet paper and paper towels often have to be replenished more than the food as they are often difficult for people to afford, she said.
“The fact that these (little pantries) are visible in the community kind of forces people to think about the fact that their neighbors are hungry,” McClard said.
Meanwhile, Blankenship said she has never talked to anyone who comes for food as visitors come late at night so that others won't see them. She has gotten some donations, and hopes more people will participate as the word spreads.
There was a slight setback when vandals stole the cabinet with the three drawers and the food inside on April 1. But the sisters quickly replaced everything.
A sign posted next to the little pantry says, “Take what you need (except for the container) Give what you can.”
West Bengal chief minister appeared on a live chat on Facebook on Tuesday ahead of panchayat elections in the state. Photo: Pradeep Gaur/Mint
Kolkata: In an unprecedented move, the Calcutta high court on Tuesday ordered the West Bengal State Election Commission to accept nominations filed by nine contestants for the upcoming panchayat polls through WhatsApp after they were physically restrained from completing the paperwork.
Justice Subrata Talukdar, however, declined to extend the deadline for filing nominations which ended at 3pm on Monday. Nine contestants from an ultra-Left resistance group from Bhangar in South 24 Parganas district had sent their nomination papers to the block development officer through WhatsApp.
Nilanjan Shandilya, secretary of the commission, confirmed that the nominations had been received. Justice Talukdar asked him to treat the nominations as legitimate after the contestants expressed concern that their nominations could be cancelled at the time of scrutiny.
Sharmistha Chowdhury, leader of CPI-ML (Red Star), said that she and a few others of her resistance group were held captive for hours by miscreants and not allowed to file nominations. The court asked the commission to file a report on 30 April showing compliance with its directions.
Bhangar has been on the boil for over a year after locals came together led by CPI-ML (Red Star) to stall the construction of a power substation.
Alik Chakraborty, a leader of the outfit, had said the group would fight the panchayat polls to take the movement forward.
The CPI-ML (Red Star) had moved court on Monday as well. The commission was ordered to ensure that the contestants from the ultra-Left group were able to file nominations. After they failed to do so, the commission agreed to receive their nominations through WhatsApp.
Some 16 seats at Polerhat-II gram panchayat in Bhangar would have been won uncontested if the resistance group had not been allowed to file nominations, according to Chowdhury.
Citing rampant violence on Monday, the Congress had moved the court of justice Talukdar seeking further extension of time for filing nominations. Though he declined to extend the window, the court asked the commission to address the grievances of opposition parties.
The secretary of the commission was asked to hold “meaningful discussions” with all stakeholders and step up security arrangements for the panchayat polls. He was also sought a report on security arrangements. Riju Ghosal, a lawyer for the Congress, said his party would move the division bench seeking its intervention.
Meanwhile, the commission submitted in court that as many as 5,691 new nominations were filed on Monday, which included over 4,000 nominations for gram panchayat seats, and over 1,300 nominations for panchayat samiti seats. The commission, however, did not announce a revised schedule for polling.
In an interview with News 18 Bangla, a Bengali news channel, chief minister Mamata Banerjee said opposition parties in the state had ganged up to disrupt the panchayat polls. Their allegations were baseless, she said, pointing to the fact that more than 96,000 opposition candidates had filed nominations.
Those who had died in the run-up to the elections were all Trinamool Congress supporters, she claimed, while slamming a section of the media for distorting facts to undermine her image nationally.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tina Malone has reportedly spoken with police after being trolled on Twitter.
The 53-year-old Shameless star was seen visiting Huyton Police Station in Merseyside on New Year's Eve.
After losing a massive 12.5 stone after undergoing gastric band surgery six years ago, the star has become the target of vile social media trolls recently.
The situation worsened after she was spotted taking the bins out last week in black see-through stockings, a pink suspender belt and a transparent baby-doll dress.
(Photo: www.icelebtv.com)
(Photo: Splash)
One particularly nasty troll tweeted at the star, saying: "What qualities do she have apart from stripping to put the bins out?"
A source told Mail Online: "She was reporting trolls who had been abusing her after she was pictured taking out the bins in her lingerie a few days ago.
"She was upset and shaken up."
Speaking about the impact online trolls have on her during a recent appearance on This Morning, Tina said: "It affects my daughter Danielle and my husband Paul. I laugh about it, that's not bravado, that's the truth."
(Photo: WENN)
'I feel sorry for the Twitter trolls. They are sat in their room on their own. I say to them, "Maybe you need help, maybe you are unloved or lonely".
Mirror Celeb has contacted Tina's rep for comment.
Tina Malone shows off startling amount of weight loss as she jets off for winter sun with toddler daughter
New York: An explosion rocked the area near the Port Authority bus terminal in Manhattan on Monday, police said.
The only person injured is a man detained in connection with the blast, police said on Twitter.
They said subway trains were ordered to bypass that bustling part of New York.
Early media reports said the blast came from a pipe bomb.
President Donald Trump was briefed on the explosion, White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders wrote on Twitter.
A truck attack in lower Manhattan on Halloween killed eight people. It was the first deadly terror attack in New York since the September 11 suicide airliner attacks.
"We are going to see clients in the evening hours on Tuesday."
The idea is to provide a safe, staffed and clean setting where people can use illegal drugs without feeling stigmatized.
"It's really important that this space is respected and client confidentiality is respected."
The service has an exemption under the Controlled Drugs and Substances Act and provincial funding of up to $116,300.
"It's good to see that it's happening in Hamilton. It is a new territory for all of us here," Denise Brooks, executive director of Urban Core, said about the co-operative effort.
On York Boulevard, Richard Jacko, who rents a room at the Salvation Army, said drug users have been "dropping like flies" recently. Purple heroin, which is laced with fentanyl, a powerful painkiller, has hit the street hard, he said.
Lucas took that volatile concoction before his overdose death last week, said Passmore, who is homeless.
He'd been kicked out of the shelter and was sleeping outside but was recently permitted to use the shower, she said.
Local Salvation Army executive director Robert Russell said he couldn't comment on the case due to confidentiality policies.
Passmore said Lucas' young daughter was recently at York Boulevard to write "I miss you Dad" on a cardboard tribute from his "street family."
"It broke my heart," said Passmore, who has a husband and children.
Known as "Red" because of the colour of his hair, Lucas was in his late-30s and struggled with mental health issues, she said.
Jacko, 36, described Lucas as a "guy trying to get clean" and "back to his family."
"I just know he was a helpful guy around here. He would give you the shirt off his back."
Passmore said she has used naloxone, an opioid antidote, twice in the past while.
"It's pretty intense. It's pretty scary."
In March, the city's public health department issued an alert about purple heroin.
Passmore said 10 to 15 people a day walk by asking for the drug. "We tell them, 'Get out of here. We just lost somebody because of that stuff.' "
Wiwcharuk said a woman recently overdosed outside Wesley Urban Ministries on Ferguson Avenue North after taking purple heroin. It took seven doses of naloxone to revive her.
The Salvation Army has seen a "high number of deaths" lately, Wiwcharuk added. "More than any other place."
The city's online opioid information system notes that between May 14 and May 20, 74 people visited emergency departments in Hamilton hospitals due to drug misuse or overdose.
In 2017, 87 people in Hamilton died of opioid overdoses. The city's death rate was 72 per cent higher than the province's.
Amid the crisis, a growing group of people have been sleeping on York Boulevard near the Salvation Army.
On Wednesday, representatives of the police, city and social service agencies met at the Salvation Army to discuss the issue. Neighbouring Philpott Memorial Church was also involved in the strategy session.
"The providers will be increasing their contact with these individuals and working on finding housing for them as soon as possible," police spokesperson Jackie Penman said.
Mayor Fred Eisenberger's office said he'd contacted Russell after receiving an email from a resident complaining about the crowd.
In a response to the resident, the mayor's office called it a "complex issue for sure," explaining the shelter attracts "other people who don't belong there."
Russell confirmed some of those outside aren't clients of the men's shelter. Some have been restricted from other facilities, he said.
Russell said he couldn't speculate as to why the group has been drawn to York Boulevard but noted some homeless people live outside and move from place to place during warmer weather.
"Our goal is to help them get housing, and help them move on to another location that's more suitable than the front of our building."
Jacko, seated in a chair on the York Boulevard sidewalk, said he's troubled by the effort to make the group move along.
"This place is supposed to be a place to help them."
Russell said the temporary overdose prevention site at Urban Core should help.
"As a system, we're trying to provide opportunities to keep people safe."
Jacko said he doesn't carry a naloxone kit. "But I'm going to be starting."
tmoro@thespec.com
905-526-3264 | @TeviahMoro
tmoro@thespec.com
905-526-3264 | @TeviahMoro
Going into this season Blake Bortles was the focus of concern for many analysts. Bortles was coming off a rough season in which he is under performed and finished 368-of-625 for 3,905 yards, 23 touchdowns and 16 interceptions. This season was set up as a make or break season for Bortles and his future as the franchise's starting quarterback.
So far this season Bortles has proved that for the most part he can be trusted to manage the offense and keep the team in most games. Bortles has especially proven that fact in key games and against top-tier defenses.
As Brent Matineau of CBS 47 points out, Bortles is a combined 46-of-72 for 607 yards and six touchdowns against the Ravens, Steelers and Seahawks, all of which rank in the top-10 of scoring defense. What's even more astonishing about those numbers is the fact that he's only thrown one pick in the process.
Bortles' ability to make smart decisions with the ball against high caliber defenses is a drastic change and much welcomed improvement over the past few seasons. Only time will tell if Bortles can continue this trend of stellar play.
Professor Patrick Lumumba of Kenya was once quoted as saying ‘a good dancer must know when to leave the stage'. He said this in the contest of Heads of State who overstay in power with…
The post Clueless leadership is as bad as overstaying: Malawi is an example appeared first on Malawi Nyasa Times – Malawi breaking news in Malawi.
Source link
Rita R. Cyr, 70, of Southington, passed away on Thursday, March 15, 2018 at CT Hospice in Branford. She was the beloved wife of Lionel J. Cyr for 50 years.
She was born in Clair, New Brunswick, Canada the daughter of the late Cyrill and Alphonsine (Charrette) Pelletier. Prior to her retirement she was employed by Allied Control Co.
In addition to her husband she is survived by a son Kevin Cyr and wife Amy of Southington , a daughter Lucille Cyr and her partner Jeff Pretty of East Haven, 3 loving grandchildren, Jessica Cyr and boyfriend Josh, David “Bruiser” Glazier and Justin Cyr. She also leaves 2 brothers Reno Pelletier of Southington and Raynold Pelletier and a sister Rena Paradis both of Bristol and many nieces and nephews.
She was predeceased by a grandson Bryan Patrick, brothers Roger and Reginald, sisters Regina and Ida.
Rita was devoted to her family and loved cats, she will be missed by her special cat “Pretty Kitty”.
Funeral services will be held on Wednesday at 9:15 am from the DellaVecchia Funeral Home, 211 N. Main St. to St. Thomas Church at 10 am for a Mass. Burial will be at St. Thomas Cemetery. Calling hours will be on Tuesday from 5-8 pm.
For online condolences and directions please visit www.dellavecchiafh.com
By The Associated Press
DALLAS (92)
Barnes 8-15 1-1 19, Kleber 6-9 1-2 16, Nowitzki 4-8 0-0 10, Ferrell 5-11 0-0 10, Matthews 6-17 0-0 14, Powell 0-4 0-0 0, Mejri 0-0 0-0 0, Harris 2-4 1-1 5, Barea 5-9 4-5 16, Cleveland 1-4 0-0 2. Totals 37-81 7-9 92.
MINNESOTA (97)
Wiggins 3-12 4-8 10, Gibson 2-4 2-2 6, Towns 10-15 6-6 28, Teague 4-9 0-0 9, Butler 9-17 2-3 22, Dieng 2-4 0-0 4, Jones 1-2 0-0 2, Crawford 5-9 4-4 16. Totals 36-72 18-23 97.
Dallas 24 24 21 23—92 Minnesota 23 24 24 26—97
3-Point Goals_Dallas 11-31 (Kleber 3-5, Barea 2-4, Nowitzki 2-5, Barnes 2-5, Matthews 2-8, Harris 0-1, Ferrell 0-3), Minnesota 7-19 (Crawford 2-3, Towns 2-4, Butler 2-6, Teague 1-3, Wiggins 0-3). Fouled Out_None. Rebounds_Dallas 33 (Powell 6), Minnesota 45 (Towns 12). Assists_Dallas 23 (Ferrell 7), Minnesota 18 (Teague, Butler 5). Total Fouls_Dallas 22, Minnesota 19. Technicals_Powell, Minnesota coach Timberwolves (Defensive three second), Towns. A_13,094 (19,356).
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
The further the English national team climbs up the table at the 2018 World Cup in Russia, the louder the nation chants the 1996 hit “Three Lions,” voted to be one of the best songs about football in the UK.
The song was created by indie band Lightning Seeds and two British comedians and was dedicated to the 1996 European Cup in the UK, but has been revived given the English national team's performance at the 2018 FIFA World Cup in Russia. The English national team had secured a spot in the quarterfinals after beating Colombia on July 3.
READ MORE: How England Fans Have Fun in Russia
The popularity of the “Three Lions” song has skyrocketed in England, while the catchy phrase “it's coming home, it's coming” has been heard in the stands of stadiums in Russia, as well as throughout pubs and streets in Britain. The slogan has also been trending on social media.
Even the players of the English national team couldn't resist the temptation and celebrated their victory over Colombia with the “Three Lions” reference.
​Some twitter used produced a real “meme bomb,” combining chants with an iconic “Friends” moment.
​The melody featured TV classics:
​And was eventually played by Russian President Vladimir Putin:
​England's coach, Gareth Southgate, was featured in a romantic screenplay:
​As well as in a classic English comedy – “Love Actually.”
I feel it in my fingers
I feel it in my toes
Football is all around me
And so the feeling grows
It's written in the wind
It's everywhere I go
So if you really love football
C'mon and bring it home#ItsComingHome #WorldCup pic.twitter.com/HEO0Wnnxs1 — Jack O'Neill (@MrJack_ONeill) 1 июля 2018 г.
​His vest, which has become a major fashion hit in Britain, has also got “It's coming home” touch.
​Others staged a World Cup homecoming 52 years after England won the tournament:
There was a knock at the door this morning.
You'll never guess who it was!#ItsComingHome pic.twitter.com/IyCirddRTy — Rob Jones (@RobertoJonesio) 4 июля 2018 г.
​Or tried to convey the festive spirit in an Indian fashion.
​The goalkeeper, who secured the team's victory in a penalty shootout against Colombia, also deserves a shout-out.
0 Texas man executed for killing daughters, forcing wife to listen on phone
The Dallas accountant who taunted his wife with the pleas of his daughters as he killed them was put to death Thursday.
>> Read more trending news
John David Battaglia, a former Marine, reportedly responded when asked if he had final words, “No. Well, hi, Mary Jean. See y'all later.” He told executioners to “go ahead, please” before being given a lethal injection and pronounced dead at 9:40 p.m, reported the Dallas News.
Attorneys for Battaglia unsuccessfully appealed for a stay of execution in the 2001 killings, arguing that Battaglia did not have the competency and rational understanding of his death sentence, which the Supreme Court ruled is necessary for an execution to be carried out, according to the Associated Press. Texas State Judge Robert Burns found that Battaglia — who held a master's degree — was faking mental illness to avoid the punishment and had the “motive and intellectual capability to maintain a deliberate ploy or ruse to avoid his execution.” The Supreme Court also denied a complaint to appeal.
The 62-year-old was convicted of shooting his daughters — Liberty, 6, and Faith, 9 — during a scheduled parental visit. The girls were reportedly eating dinner when he discovered that his ex-wife, Mary Jean Pearle, had had a warrant issued for him for violating a protective order. He reportedly forced Faith to call her mother to ask her why Pearle wanted him in prison before he put a gun to her head.
>> Related: 4-year-old allegedly murdered by her mom and mom's boyfriend is the most disturbing examiner has ever seen
“No, daddy, please don't, don't do it!,” Pearle then heard her daughter pleading and begged them to run away, before Battaglia shot Faith and her younger sister, Liberty, in the head three and five times each, respectively.
According to detectives, Battaglia wished her a “Merry (expletive) Christmas,” before finally hanging up. After finding the girls' bodies in his basement, police eventually located him hours after the shootings in a tattoo parlor getting a pair of red roses to commemorate his daughters.
Authorities stated that he had murdered the girls in an act of revenge against their mother, against whom he'd had a history of domestic violence, echoing the chilling words he'd left on her voicemail the night of the murders.
“Good night, my little babies,” he said. “I hope you are resting in a different place. I love you. I wish you had nothing to do with your mother. She was evil and vicious and stupid.”
He reportedly told the Dallas Morning News in a 2014 prison interview that he had no recollection of killing his daughters.
“I don't feel like I killed them,” he said. “I am a little bit in the blank about what happened.”
>> Related: Yoga teacher charged for murdering her twin has finally learned her surprising fate
Pearle was present for Battaglia's execution, reportedly refusing to speak to interviewers after stating, “I've seen enough of him.”
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
Google's higher spending in the first quarter shaved operating profit margins to 22% from 27% a year earlier. Photo: Bloomberg
San Francisco: Alphabet Inc.'s first-quarter results came with a clear message to Wall Street: The company is embarking on a new spending binge to chase its biggest rivals.
Google's parent posted the strongest sales growth in almost four years on Monday, indicating marketers kept flocking to its services amid rising scrutiny of digital ads. But the company also spent at historic levels, nearly tripling capital expenditure for the quarter to $7.7 billion.
Almost all of that spending went to buttress newer cloud and consumer-device businesses that lag behind leaders Amazon.com Inc. and Apple Inc. After neglecting these markets for years in favour of its main ad businesses and riskier moonshot bets, Alphabet is now splurging to catch up. Alphabet's rising first-quarter investments partly reflected a $2.4 billion real-estate deal. But even without that, capex more than doubled from a year earlier.
Chief financial officer Ruth Porat cautioned investors to expect more of the same. “I wouldn't suggest a one-off in terms of the investment we're making,” she said. “We're really building out to support the growth that we're seeing.” Porat ticked off the items that are opening her wallet: data centres; three new undersea cables; processors, networking equipment and other machinery to power Google's sprawling AI efforts.
Chief executive officer Sundar Pichai told investors that Google's nascent hardware unit, which builds smartphones and speakers rivaling Amazon and Apple, is two to three years from “the scale that we want to see”. The investment required for this includes custom chips designed in-house, an expensive skill that Apple has been developing for years.
Google's higher spending in the first quarter shaved operating profit margins to 22% from 27% a year earlier. The company's sales and marketing spending shot up 36% to $3.6 billion in the first quarter.
Despite the massive investment, growth still comes from Google's legacy business. Demand for mobile search ads and a strong performance by the YouTube video service drove sales in the recent period, Porat said. Bloomberg
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A police stinger was thrown across the road during a dramatic police chase, caught on the dashcam of a passing car.
The incredible footage shows a policeman appear on the pavement and chuck the large spike strip across the road.
Seconds later the speeding blue Audi A3 zooms through and appears to drive straight over it, puncturing the tyres.
The stinger is then quickly pulled back as both unmarked and marked police vehicles continue the pursuit.
It happened in Newton, Greater Manchester, on Monday lunchtime, according to the Manchester Evening News .
The chase was eventually brought to an end just over a mile away in Dukinfield.
(Image: MEN Media)
(Image: MEN Media)
Photos shared on social media showed multiple police cars at the scene near to a Morrisons petrol station.
Mark Alexander, who works for Tameside Taxis, captured the pursuit on his dashcam.
Witnesses also report seeing the police helicopter out in the Tameside area.
A spokesman for Greater Manchester Police confirmed the pursuit began in Stalybridge.
They said at around midday on Monday, officers received reports of a car being driven ‘erratically' in the town centre.
When patrols responded, they spotted a blue Audi A3 that had been reported stolen from an address in Stalybridge the day before.
(Image: James Garrigan/MEN Media)
(Image: James Garrigan/MEN Media)
The driver of the vehicle failed to stop, and officers gave chase.
A 26-year-old man was arrested in connection with the incident.
The spokesman said: “At around 12pm on April 23, police received a report that a car was being driven erratically in Stalybridge town centre.
“Officers attended and spotted a blue Audi A3 that was reported as stolen from an address in Stalybridge on April 22.
“A police pursuit ensued with assistance from the police helicopter.
“After a stinger was deployed, the car was brought to a stop.
“A 26-year-old man was arrested in connection with the incident and remains in custody for questioning.”
Nyon, December 11 - Juventus will face Tottenham Hotspur and AS Roma will take on Shakhtar Donetsk in the last 16 of the Champions League, according to the draw at UEFA's headquarters in Nyon on Monday. Juventus coach Massimiliano Allegri expressed optimism after his side were drawn against Spurs, who finished ahead of holders Real Madrid in the group. "Wembley, one of this sport's holy temples, awaits us," Allegri said via Twitter. "Spurs are young and they have talent but if we are (the real) Juve, we'll do it!". Francesco Totti said the draw was relatively kind to Roma but stressed that the Serie A side will not underestimate Shakhtar. "We have to say that, given who was left available to us, at the end it went reasonably well for us," said former Roma and Italy great Totti, who retired as a player last season and now is a director for the club. "But we won't underestimate Shakhtar in any way: they are a strong side physically and technically. Especially at home they are very formidable. "It will be a difficult tie and, as we always know, the further you go in the competition the harder the tests are".
Calls are being made to improve sex education at schools as it is revealed at least 17 students including at least four primary school pupils were excluded last year in the county for ‘sexual misconduct'.
The figures from the Department of Education show 13 secondary school pupils had a ‘fixed period' exclusion as well as four primary school pupils for their behaviour in 2015 to 2016.
Sexual misconduct covers several issues such as abuse, assault, harassment, watching pornography, ‘lewd' behaviour, as well as sharing indecent images on social media.
The figures from the school census also show at least one or two pupils at both secondary school and primary school age were permanently excluded for their inappropriate actions in the same year.
It showed a slight decrease on the financial year from 2014 to 2015 where at least 21 pupils were excluded from Gloucestershire schools.
The numbers mirror a worrying trend among children, which has sparked calls by the NSPCC for improved education of the correct behaviour from minors, rather than excluding them.
An X denotes one or two pupils were excluded
Year Primary school exclusions Secondary school exclusions Primary school temporary exclusions Secondary school temporary exclusions 2015/16 X X 4 13 2014/15 - X X 19 2013/14 - X - 13 2012/13 - 3 X 10 2011/12 - - 5 16
A spokeswoman for the children's charity said every child had the right to feel safe at school.
“Preventing harmful sexual behaviour through proper, up to date sex and relationships education is immeasurably better than excluding children after the harm has been done,” she said.
“By giving children the right information about sexuality, consent, risks and protection we teach them how to make healthy relationship decisions, how to treat others and how to know when something is not right.
“Social media, sexting, online porn and dating apps did not exist when sex education was introduced on the curriculum a generation ago.
“It must be dragged into the 21st century, it must be consistent, and it must be offered in every school as part of a broader PSHE curriculum.”
The government has recently pledged to overhaul sex education.
Councillor Richard Boyles, cabinet member for children and young people at Gloucestershire County Council, said: “Any incidents like this are concerning, although these figures show the numbers are small.
(Image: stock picture)
“The county council supports schools to teach young people about healthy relationships and treating each other with respect.
“In March the government announced all primary schools will need to teach about relationships and all secondary schools will have to teach about relationships and sex education.
“This will help our children to lead happy, safe, healthy lives.”
The 10 coolest office spaces we visited in 2016
The 10 coolest office spaces we visited in 2016
As you prepare to head back to work (or as you settle into your first day on the clock in 2017), take a look at the most unique, innovative and enviable office spaces we toured last year.
Photograph by Kayla Rocca
Deloitte
Toronto's Deloitte staffers have plenty of nine-to-five options at this modern 19-floor space, which includes a spin studio, meditation lounge, and no designated desks. The space, which also features large-scale pieces from notable Canadian artists and a fully functional rooftop kitchen, opened in October.
Photograph by Daniel Neuhaus
Vice
The edgy media organization's west-end offices are suitably hip, with brown leather sofas, walnut desks and plenty of whiskey available at the office bar. There's also a 30-seat screening room and a luxe lounge called the Bear Room, named after a similar space at Vice's Brooklyn HQ.
Photograph by Derek Shapton
Shopify
How could you not love a workspace where orientation for new staffers includes meeting all the office dogs? Not only does the Toronto office of e-commerce giant Shopify has an all-pups-allowed policy, but there's also free lunch, acoustic guitars on-hand for break time jamming, and plenty of craft beer on tap.
Photograph by Kayla Rocca
Facebook Canada
This Yonge and Eglinton office is where social-media magic gets made (Instagram Canada is there, too). Key features include catered meals, enough space to hosts events for up to 200, and—of course—a designated selfie station.
Photograph by Derek Shapton
East Room
The city's swankiest co-working space is decked out in antique furnishings, almost all of which is for sale. Creative thinkers, full-time freelancers and other desk-free types congregate here to work, chat and check out semi-regular concerts (like a recent performer from Toronto Life's Stylebook cover boy Jazz Cartier).
Photograph by Derek Shapton
LinkedIn
From standing desks and scooters to bean bag chairs and a fully-loaded video games room, this Silicon Valley-style startup is chock full of 21st-century workspace perks for its downtown staff of 128.
Photograph by Derek Shapton
Twitter Canada
Behind the hashtags and retweets is a Toronto staff of 40 occupying just over half a floor (though it's a large one at 16,000 square feet) at King and Strachan. Twitter's local office is one of the company's 34 worldwide, and offers staff plenty of space to work, snack and relax—not to mention arcade games and Stella Artois on tap.
Photograph courtesy of McCann
McCann Canada
The creative agency behind the iconic “I am Canadian” campaign traded in its Queens Quay offices this year for a slick downtown space. McCann, which also invented Hockey Night in Canada, has rotating art, a wall of photos where staff hang pictures of their dogs, and display shelves featuring teeny tiny 3-D models of McCann employees.
Photograph by Derek Shapton
Jackman Reinvents
This B+H Architects and Mazen Studios-designed space is open plan, allowing Jackman's consultants and marketers to mingle with its graphic designers and other creative staffers. Highlights include catered lunches, whimsical wallpaper and occasional performances by the company's in-house band, the Jackman 5.
Photograph by Giordano Ciampini
MasterCard Canada
Until this year, MasterCard's Toronto office had one communal space: a dark, windowless room staff called “The Pit.” The company's new Toronto space, to which staff relocated earlier this year, is spacious, modern—and, most importantly, all windows.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A woman was bundled into a car by a fake delivery driver in an audacious kidnapping - after being enticed out of her workplace to sign for a package
Shocking CCTV footage showed the horrifying moment the 49-year-old mum-of-two was abducted by a man who handed her a large parcel and then some paperwork to sign.
It was shot at 9.40am outside the woman's workplace, a factory in the Kampung Jawa area of Klang in Malaysia.
The CCTV shows how the fake delivery driver suddenly grabs her and stuffs her into the back seat of his car - where an accomplice holds her.
He then jumps into the driver's seat and the car roars away.
(Image: AsiaWire)
(Image: AsiaWire)
Two men come out of the factory just seconds too late to save the woman, a mum of two aged 49 who was not named in reports.
One man even seems to get his fingertips on the car's boot as he sprints after it but it accelerates away.
The victim's brother named only as S. Nantha reported the kidnapping.
He wrote online: "Urgent!! My Sister got kidnapped today morning around 9.30am near her workplace at Kampung Jawa Klang.
The person who kidnapped her was an Indian with Mercedes-Benz car plate number KEE 46. I got the CCTV footage with me. If anyone saw the car or the person please do call this number to inform."
(Image: AsiaWire)
(Image: AsiaWire)
Thankfully, she has since been found. According to district police chief Assistant Commissioner Shafien Mamat, passersby found her at 10.30pm.
He said: "They heard someone screaming and upon rushing to the location, saw the victim who had sustained injuries and was bleeding.
"The victim was immediately sent to a private hospital in Klang for treatment."
No motive for the kidnapping has been reported.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Qatar's hosting of the 2022 World Cup has once more been called into question after a confidential report claimed there is an ‘increasing political risk' surrounding the tournament.
Since the Middle Eastern country was handed the tournament by FIFA in 2010 - amid allegations of corruption - it's £153bn infrastructure programme has been widely criticised, while the event has also been moved to winter, due to soaring summer temperatures in the region.
At the time the event was hailed by organisers as a symbol of regional unity, but in June Qatar was cut adrift by its Gulf neighbours, who claim the country is destabilising the Middle East and supporting terrorism - allegations Qatar rejects. Saudi Arabia has closed its land border with the country, while Bahrain, Egypt, and the United Emirates have also joined them in cutting air and sea links.
The BBC reports that a study by management consultants Cornerstone Global has warned construction companies that it is a “high-risk project” and that “it is far from certain Doha will actually host the tournament”.
(Image: Getty Images AsiaPac)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Additionally, according to Human Rights Watch, hundreds of migrant workers have also died in the process of trying to get the country prepared.
According to the report, entitled 'Qatar in focus: Is the Fifa World Cup 2022 in danger?', "tournament insiders and regional experts have both stated to us that it is far from certain Doha will actually host the tournament”.
Furthermore, Cornerstone reportedly advises its clients: "Given the current political situation... it is certainly possible that the tournament will not be held in Qatar.
"Any cancellation of Qatar hosting the World Cup 2022 will likely be abrupt and will leave contractors involved in a precarious situation that may not be easily resolved."
However, the report has been dismissed by Qatar's Supreme Committee for Delivery and Legacy.
A statement declared: "In the context of the current political situation we question the motives of an organisation - which makes no secret of its affiliation to the countries blockading Qatar - of publishing a report based entirely on media reports and anonymous sources.
"The intention to create doubt regarding the tournament, while attempting to cause resentment amongst Qatari citizens and anxiety amongst foreign businesses and residents, is as transparent as it is laughable.
"Despite the ambitious title of this report, there is absolutely no risk to the future of the first World Cup in the Middle East."
WASHINGTON (AP) - Reality TV star Kim Kardashian West is en route to the White House to advocate on behalf of a great-grandmother serving a life sentence in prison.
That's according to a person familiar with the visit who spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss it publicly.
Kardashian West has urged the president to pardon 62-year-old Alice Marie Johnson, serving a life sentence without parole for a non-violent drug offense.
She's been in touch with Jared Kushner, Trump's son-in-law and senior adviser. He oversees the administration's push to overhaul the nation's prison system.
It's unclear whether Kardashian West will meet with President Donald Trump, but the president often invites visitors into the Oval Office.
She tweeted Wednesday, "Happy Birthday Alice Marie Johnson. Today is for you."
Saxophonist Jon Irabagon Plays With Heart On 'Dr. Quixotic's Traveling Exotics'
Irabagon brings an infectious sense of fun to music-making, even when the playing is dead serious — as is the case on his "mildly subversive" new album.
TERRY GROSS, HOST:
This is FRESH AIR. Saxophonist Jon Irabagon was making his name even before he won the Thelonious Monk Jazz Competition in 2008 by playing with the seriocomic jazz quintet Mostly Other People Do The Killing. Irabagon has since left that band, though he still works for leaders such as Barry Altschul, Dave Douglas and Mary Halvorson. Jazz critic Kevin Whitehead says Irabagon's own records can get a little bizarre, but on his new album, he's mostly well-behaved.
(SOUNDBITE OF MUSIC)
KEVIN WHITEHEAD, BYLINE: Jon Irabagon can be hard to get a fix on. He likes it like that. He can play pretty, obviously, and reveres and occasionally employs some overlooked jazz masters. His own records can get strange. One 12-track album turned out to be a continuous 78-minute saxophone solo over boiling rhythm. He strikes a nice balance on his mildly subversive new album, "Dr. Quixotic's Traveling Exotics." It's by his quartet, including the terrific drummer Rudy Royston, who's having a field day. Sitting in most of the time is Irabagon hero Tim Hagans, whose trumpet cuts through like a freshly-sharpened blade.
(SOUNDBITE OF JON IRABAGON QUARTET'S "YOU OWN YOUR OWN")
WHITEHEAD: The little melodic hooks Jon Irabagon writes snap the musicians into action, and he'll introduce new themes over the course of a piece for variety and extra stimulation. There are a few uncommon touches like having the whole band play behind a bass solo by Yasushi Nakamura.
(SOUNDBITE OF MUSIC)
WHITEHEAD: In Jon Irabagon's music, the weather can change fast. Storms may quickly blow up and blow over as the wind shifts. This is from the middle of "Emotional Physics."
(SOUNDBITE OF JON IRABAGON QUARTET'S "EMOTIONAL PHYSICS/THE THINGS")
WHITEHEAD: Luis Perdomo on piano. A little later in that same performance, during one frenzied episode, a trap door opens and suddenly the saxophonist is jamming on the chords to the standard "All The Things You Are." Somehow it's the album's weirdest and most traditional moment.
(SOUNDBITE OF JON IRABAGON QUARTET'S "EMOTIONAL PHYSICS/THE THINGS")
WHITEHEAD: The album "Dr. Quixotic's Traveling Exotics" was recorded in an Argentine studio during the band's 2016 South American tour. The music sounds lived in and like the musicians enjoy the drill. Jon Irabagon brings an infectious sense of fun to music making, even when the playing is dead serious, sort of like the great Sonny Rollins. Jon Irabagon plays like he's got a lot of heart to go with his power chops.
(SOUNDBITE OF MUSIC)
GROSS: Kevin Whitehead writes for Point of Departure and is the author of "Why Jazz?" He reviewed "Dr. Quixotic's Traveling Exotics" by saxophonist Jon Irabagon. Tomorrow on FRESH AIR, my guest will be former Vogue creative director and "America's Next Top Model" judge Andre Leon Talley. We'll talk about being raised by his grandmother in a home with no central heating in the Jim Crow South, how he found a home in the world of international fashion and how he's seen that world change. I hope you'll join us.
FRESH AIR's executive producer is Danny Miller. Our technical director and engineer is Audrey Bentham. Our associate producer for digital media is Molly Seavy-Nesper. Roberta Shorrock directs the show. I'm Terry Gross.
Copyright © 2018 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Of the five seats, three were won by the BJP in the 2014 election—Kairana in western UP and Palghar and Bhandara-Gondiya in Maharashtra. Photo: Priyanka Parashar/Mint
New Delhi: The electoral loss suffered by the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) in the recent byelections in Uttar Pradesh's Gorakhpur and Phulpur has brought the total number of seats held by the ruling party to 274 in the Lok Sabha, just two more than the required number for a simple majority.
And if the name of Speaker Sumitra Mahajan is removed from the list, the tally falls to just 273 MPs, a slender majority in the lower House of Parliament.
Further complicating the situation for the BJP-led National Democratic Alliance (NDA) at the centre, five more bypolls are scheduled to take place in the near future in seats held by the NDA, which means the ruling alliance will have to defend these seats from opposition parties. The Election Commission has not announced the dates for these five bypolls.
Of these five seats, three were won by the BJP in the 2014 general election—Kairana in western Uttar Pradesh and Palghar and Bhandara-Gondiya in Maharashtra.
“The bypolls in Kairana in Uttar Pradesh will be the real test for the BJP leadership. The party has already started preparations for it. After the loss in Gorakhpur and Phulpur, Kairana will be the third bypoll where the newly formed alliance between the Samajwadi Party (SP) and the Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) will contest together against BJP. Both the BJP and the opposition are going to prepare well and it will be a tough contest,” said a senior BJP leader based in Lucknow.
Senior BJP leaders say the challenge for the BJP is that bypolls are not fought on the issue of development or ideology—rather, they say, the entire election is based on caste arithmetic. “BJP had worked hard to make development the central theme but we are again going back to caste politics,” the BJP leader added.
The significance of these byelections can be understood from the fact that the BJP's strength in the Lok Sabha has come down from 282 after the 2014 general elections to 274 in March 2018—a loss of eight seats to the opposition.
“Kairana will be a very tough battle for the BJP because SP and BSP will contest together. Apart from anti-incumbency, BJP used to do well because of the division of votes between SP and BSP but this new alliance will stop any division of votes. The farmers are angry and Kairana will bring the problem of rural distress to the fore,” said a senior SP leader based in Lucknow.
Developments in Maharashtra are also a cause of concern to the BJP. The Congress leadership is making efforts to join hands with the Sharad Pawar-led Nationalist Congress Party (NCP). Newly appointed Congress president Rahul Gandhi has met Pawar a couple times in the past few weeks. By contrast, the BJP's ally Shiv Sena has passed a resolution declaring it will contest both the general and assembly elections alone and not in alliance with the BJP.
The remaining two vacant seats that will witness bypolls were won by alliance partners Peoples Democratic Alliance (PDP) in Jammu and Kashmir and Naga People's Front (NPF) in Nagaland. Jammu and Kashmir chief minister Mehbooba Mufti vacated the Anantnag seat where bypolls are due and Neiphiu Rio, having recently taken over as the new chief minister of Nagaland, has had to vacate his Lok Sabha constituency, Nagaland.
“BJP is under tremendous pressure because it is a difficult situation for them. The pressure is greater after the loss of Gorakhpur and Phulpur. These byelections have helped opposition parties regroup and formulate a strategy to counter BJP-NDA,” said Badri Narayan, professor and director at the G.B. Pant Social Science Institute in Allahabad.
April showers bring May high school football spring games.
Last year, the dfwVarsity crew made four stops at spring games across the coverage area to get a spring football fix and check in with some of the emerging teams and players in the DFW metroplex.
This year will be no different. Who's trending upward? Who's one piece, or one great summer away from getting a grip on a playoff spot, or nabbing that elusive district title?
Here's where you can find out. Coaches, if you do not see your spring game listed here, email the date, time and location of that event to mmartinez@star-telegram.com.
Area Spring Games:
Arlington: May 25, 6 p.m. at Arlington High School
Arlington Bowie: May 25, 6:30 p.m. at Bowie High School
Arlington Lamar: May 25, 7 p.m. at Cravens Field
Arlington Martin: May 25, 7 p.m. at Martin High School
facebook Twitter email Share More Videos 3:18 Abilene Wylie slips past Kennedale, 21-13, and into 4A DI title game Pause 11:30 Two views of Jacqueline Craig's arrest: See the bodycam and cell phone videos side-by-side 2:49 Harris not sure he'll be back with Mavs 0:26 Storms drop heavy rains on Tarrant County 1:40 West 7th gets another grocery store Wednesday 0:31 Tarrant County's 10 Most Wanted Criminals, April 12 1:29 Pot-bellied pig on the loose at Texas gas station 3:02 An awesome Christmas light show from Euless Fire Department 0:25 Congressman Joe Barton thinks Trump should release his tax returns 0:43 Thieves posing as water dept. employees trick an elderly woman and steal from her Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select
facebook
facebook Twitter
twitter email Arlington Martin spring football game At Arlington Martin, the offseason is all about reloading instead of rebuilding, but the Warriors have work to do to this year to get the skill positions, especially quarterback, squared away. DFWVarsity caught up with coach Bob Wager, QB candidate Juma Otoviano and returning all-state honorable mention kicker Patrick Grady during the Warrior Rose Bowl Spring Game. Video by Matthew Martinez. mmartinez@star-telegram.com
Burleson Centennial: May 25, 6 p.m. at Centennial High School
Cedar Hill: May 19, 7 p.m. at Longhorn Stadium
DeSoto: May 24, 6 p.m. at Eagle Stadium
Fort Worth Paschal: May 26, 7 p.m. at Paschal High School
Fort Worth South Hills: May 18, 6 p.m. at South Hills
facebook Twitter email Share More Videos 3:18 Abilene Wylie slips past Kennedale, 21-13, and into 4A DI title game Pause 11:30 Two views of Jacqueline Craig's arrest: See the bodycam and cell phone videos side-by-side 2:49 Harris not sure he'll be back with Mavs 0:26 Storms drop heavy rains on Tarrant County 1:40 West 7th gets another grocery store Wednesday 0:31 Tarrant County's 10 Most Wanted Criminals, April 12 1:29 Pot-bellied pig on the loose at Texas gas station 3:02 An awesome Christmas light show from Euless Fire Department 0:25 Congressman Joe Barton thinks Trump should release his tax returns 0:43 Thieves posing as water dept. employees trick an elderly woman and steal from her Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select
facebook
facebook Twitter
twitter email Fort Worth South Hills #txhsfb Spring Game Football is back in Fort Worth. It's Spring Game season so DFWVarsity caught up with Fort Worth South Hills coach JJ Resendez and Oklahoma State commit Tracin Wallace after getting an early dose of gridiron action. Video by Matthew Martinez. mmartinez@star-telegram.com
Granbury: May 19, 6 p.m. at Pirate Stadium
Haltom: May 18, 6 p.m. at Birdville FA/AC
Haslet Eaton: May 20, 6 p.m. at Eaton High School
Hurst L.D. Bell: May 19, 6 p.m. at Pennington Field
Joshua: May 19, 7 p.m.at Owl Stadium
Justin Northwest: May 18, 6 p.m. at Northwest ISD Stadium
Keller: May 23, 6 p.m. at Keller ISD Stadium
Keller Central: May 18, 7 p.m. at Central High School
Keller Fossil Ridge: May 18, 7 p.m. at Fossil Ridge High School
Keller Timber Creek: May 18, 7 p.m. at Timber Creek High School
Mansfield: May 24, 6 p.m. at Mansfield High School
Mansfield Lake Ridge: May 22, 6 p.m. at Lake Ridge High School
Mansfield Legacy: May 25, 6 p.m. at Legacy High School
Mansfield Timberview: May 24, 6 p.m. at Timberview High School
Saginaw: May 12, 7 p.m. at Roughrider Stadium
Saginaw Boswell: May 25, 6 p.m. at Pioneer Stadium
Saginaw Chisolm Trail: May 24, 6 p.m. at Ranger Stadium
Southlake Carroll: May 18, 7 p.m. at Dragon Stadium
Trophy Club Nelson: May 18, 5:30 p.m. at Byron Nelson High School
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A mysterious video claims to show the moment a mermaid was pulled from the water, prompting claims the mythical creatures do exist.
The clip shows a green tail floating in a water, and a figure being put onto a stretcher.
It was purportedly taken by an Australian tourist on a beach in Minnesota, but the precise location is unknown.
Paranormal enthusiasts have urged viewers to keep an open mind and ask why someone would go to the trouble of staging an elaborate hoax.
According to Paranormal Elite, a YouTube channel which was sent the footage, the person who filmed it stayed behind after the beach was cleared.
The man, idenitified only as Macky, said large vehicles arrived along with people wearing yellow hazmat suits to protect them from dangerous materials.
A Paranormal Elite spokesman said: "The creature seen bears striking resemblance to the mermaids depicted in fictional stories.
Macky believes the footage does show proof of mermaids. He says that in Australia, too, he has heard stories of of humanoid creatures with fish-like tails. He was surprised to see something like this being pulled out of a freshwater lake.
"It remains a mystery whether or not mermaids do inhabit lakes in Minnesota. After all, what happens when the lakes freeze in the winter?"
And the enthusiast continued: "I urge everyone to keep an open mind and come to a conclusion yourself. If this is in fact a fake, the question arises as to why anyone would go to such lengths to hoax a video like this."
Rome, December 11 - Some 53% of children abused to produce kiddy porn were aged 10 or less in 2016, UNICEF said in a report titled 'childhood around the world 2017: children of the digital age' on Monday.
Get Chelsea FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Antonio Conte has admitted his Chelsea players are running on empty after claiming it was always going to be “impossible” to defend their title.
The champions' ten-goal top scorer Alvaro Morata has been ruled out of Tuesday's trip to Huddersfield after the manager claimed he had a bad back and was feeling “tired.”
That is symptomatic of their problems as boss Conte had another dig at the club's transfer policy, complained about their fixture pile-up and even said they are still suffering from their exhaustive pre-season tour to Asia.
He confirmed: “Morata is out, because he's a bit tired and there is a problem in his back. He is out.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
“I think when you play every three days, it is impossible to have a training session and to work on the physical aspects. It's impossible. It's impossible because you have to prepare with the players for a game every three days.
“I think we have to face the reality and will try to do our best. If I stay here to complain it is not the right way. We have to try to do our best.
“For sure it is difficult because to face a game every three days is not simple, especially if your squad is not big, but at the same time we have to face this situation.
(Image: Reuters)
“We have to try to do our best.
“For sure, some players can be tired, that's normal because some players are playing from this summer and our tours in China and Singapore. It's normal.
“But I repeat we have to find the best solution. We have to find more rotations. I'm doing this, we will try and do our best with hunger and desire. We will fight.”
Chelsea have already fallen 14 points behind leaders Manchester City and Conte effectively waved the white flag after losing at West Ham on Saturday.
(Image: AFP/Getty)
The Londoners spent £190m in the summer - £40m midfielder Tiemoue Bakayoko has been the biggest disappointment - but it was clearly not enough for Conte.
The Italian also seemed to deliberately absolve himself from any blame over signings.
Conte, who very publicly voiced his frustrations at not getting more players in the summer, pointedly insisted he could only recommend targets and then it was up to the club to deliver.
It is very quickly falling apart for Conte and another defeat in the next few games will ramp up the pressure on the beleaguered Chelsea boss.
Conte added: “In every team, the coach speaks to his club. We can have an idea but you can have an idea in summer. But the final decision is always the club's.
"That will be the same in January. It is right to do this, I'm only the coach and not sporting director or manager.
“I don't know what will happen in January. January now is far. In December we have to play a lot of games. In January it's the same. I don't know, I don't know because in January you have to wait the right time to adapt them [new players] in our idea of football.
“Now we have to face this solution with these players. We have to be ready to fight. We have to be ready to face this situation with the right desire.
“I don't like to look too far, or to find solutions that at this moment are not possible.
“Last season we faced the season with 13 players, 13 players played regularly. This season we tried to add two or three players to be 16 or 17 to try to face every competition.
“I have to be realistic, we have to face this situation with these players. I'm happy to play with these players. January is too far and I don't know what will happen on January.
“I'm the coach, I can give my opinion, but the club has to take the best decision in the summer, in January, next summer.
“It's normal, this.”
This website uses cookies to allow us to see how our website and related online services are being used. By continuing to use this website, you consent to our cookie collection. More information about how we collect cookies is found here.
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. (AP) — Records from 911 calls show the driver charged with killing a woman at a white nationalist rally was previously accused of beating his mother and threatening her with a knife.
Authorities say 20-year-old James Fields drove his car into a crowd of counter-protesters on Saturday in Charlottesville. At least two dozen were wounded in addition to the woman killed.
The records the Florence Police Department in Kentucky show the man's mother had called police in 2011. Records show Fields' mother, Samantha Bloom, told police he stood behind her wielding a 12-inch knife. Bloom is disabled and uses a wheelchair.
In another incident in 2010, Bloom said that Fields smacked her in the head and locked her in the bathroom after she told him to stop playing video games. Bloom told officers Fields was on medication to control his temper.
Eye on the Arctic brings you stories and newsmakers from across the North.
Weak national leadership in the North American Arctic is hindering northern development compared to the thriving polar regions of Russia and the Nordics, says a Canadian think tank in a new report.
“Canada has a romantic, folkloric ideal of the Arctic which is not in close accord with reality,” John Higginbotham, a senior fellow at the Centre for International Governance Innovation (CIGI), told Eye on the Arctic in a telephone conversation this week.
“We're attached to a vision of polar bears and Inuit in kayaks. But what is lacking in this country is a broad understanding of how challenging the environment is going to be because of climate change.”
Feature Interview Listen here for more from Eye on the Arctic‘s conversation with John Higginbotham from the Centre for International Governance Innovation: Listen EN_Interview_5-20180202-WIE50
Other countries, both Arctic and non-Arctic, are increasing investment and interest in the North while Canada, and other areas of the North American Arctic like Alaska and Greenland continue to fall behind, said Higginbotham, co-author of the report The North American Arctic: Energizing Regional Collaboration and Governance, along with Jennifer Spence.
“Russia is decades ahead of Canada when it comes to oil and gas development and the development of the Northern Sea Route,” he said. “The Nordics have found a good balance between environmental responsibility and economic development. Canada is paying, frankly more attention to governance and identity issues than to the fundamental development of economic infrastructure on which any long term solution to the social and economic problems of the Canadian Arctic (will be made).”
Climate's creeping impact
Russia has made significant investments in Arctic oil and gas exploration, including the Yamal LNG plant, located on the Yamal Peninsula in Russia's Far North. It's also invested heavily in the Northern Sea Route, a waterway bridging Asia and Europe that passes through the country's Arctic.
Norway has also invested heavily in offshore Arctic drilling.
Major commercial shipping powers like China also continue to develop significant icebreaker capacity and signal increasing interest in the North as climate change makes the region more accessible.
“These are dynamic factors that contain both challenges and opportunities for Canada, but we aren't having a discussion about how to respond to any of these outside forces or how to make our own Arctic a better place,” Higginbotham said.
“Roads, energy projects, deep waters ports require long-term political and economic commitment and though the Canadian government has made reconciliation with Indigenous Peoples a priority, there's been little talk about concrete measures that could lead to sustainable economic reconciliation.”
East-West cooperation
With only three federal Members of Parliament in Canada's Arctic territories compared to the hundreds of federal, provincial and municipal representatives in the South, Higginbotham says creating stronger ties between Arctic regions and sub-national governments would be a first step to strengthening northern voices on the national stage.
“East – West cooperation could go a long way to helping, instead of the North-South relations where people worry about Washington, D.C. , Ottawa or Copenhagen,” he said.
“But I think it's time that the North American Arctic spoke up, and with a more united voice, to the South about what is needed. ”
Write to Eilís Quinn at eilis.quinn(at)cbc.ca
Related stories from around the North:
Canada: Economic development in the North – The taboo no one wants to talk about, Blog by Heather Exner-Pirot
Greenland: What the EU seal ban has meant for Inuit communities in the Arctic, Eye on the Arctic
Finland: Could we eventually see an Arctic Free Trade Zone?, The Independent Barents Observer
Norway: Establishment of Álgu Fund marks new beginning in Arctic Council, indigenous peoples say, The Independent Barents Observer
Russia: Building new state governance in Russian Arctic, The Independent Barents Observer
Sweden: Northern Swedish city gets Europe's largest battery factory, Radio Sweden
United States: When US Senators listen to Arctic voices, only some resonate, Alaska Public Media
NEW YORK (AP) — A would-be suicide bomber's rush-hour blast in the heart of the New York City subway system failed to cause the bloodshed he intended, authorities said, but it gave new fuel to President Donald Trump's push to limit immigration.
Hours after Monday's explosion in an underground passageway connecting two of Manhattan's busiest stations, Trump cited the background of the alleged bomber in renewing his call for closer scrutiny of foreigners who come to the country and less immigration based on family ties.
The man arrested in the bombing, Akayed Ullah — who told investigators he wanted to retaliate for American action against Islamic State extremists — came to the U.S. from Bangladesh in 2011 on a visa available to certain relatives of U.S. citizens.
“Today's terror suspect entered our country through extended-family chain migration, which is incompatible with national security,” Trump said in a statement that called for various changes to the immigration system. Earlier, White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders said Trump's proposed policies “could have prevented this.”
Advertisement
In a scenario New York had dreaded for years, Ullah strapped on a crude pipe bomb with Velcro and plastic ties, slipped unnoticed into the nation's busiest subway system and set off the device, authorities said.
The device didn't work as intended; authorities said Ullah, 27, was the only person seriously wounded. But the attack sent frightened commuters fleeing through a smoky passageway, and three people suffered headaches and ringing ears from the first bomb blast in the subway in more than two decades.
“This is one of my nightmares … a terrorist attack in the subway system,” Gov. Andrew Cuomo told cable channel NY1. “The good news is: We were on top of it.”
Ullah was being treated for burns to his hands and abdomen but spoke to investigators from his hospital bed, law enforcement officials said. He was “all over the place” about his motive but indicated he wanted to avenge what he portrayed as U.S. aggression against the Islamic State group, a law enforcement official said.
The officials spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the blast.
Ullah's low-tech bomb used explosive powder, a nine-volt battery, a Christmas light and matches, the officials said. Investigators said the suspect was seen on surveillance footage igniting the bomb.
In the end, it wasn't powerful enough to turn the pipe into deadly shrapnel, the officials said.
Law enforcement officials said Ullah looked at IS propaganda online but is not known to have any direct contact with the militants and probably acted alone. Cuomo said there was no evidence, so far, of other bombs or a larger plot. The Democrat said officials were exploring whether Ullah had been on authorities' radar, but there was no indication yet that he was.
The attack came less than two months after eight people died near the World Trade Center in a truck attack that, authorities said, was carried out by an Uzbek immigrant who admired the Islamic State group.
Since 1965, America's immigration policy has centered on giving preference to people with advanced education or skills, or people with family ties to U.S. citizens and, in some cases, legal permanent residents. Citizens have been able to apply for spouses, parents, children, siblings and the siblings' spouses and minor children; the would-be immigrants are then screened by U.S. officials to determine whether they can come.
Trump's administration has called for a “merit-based” immigration system that would limit family-based green cards to spouses and minor children.
Ullah lived with his father, mother and brother in a Brooklyn neighborhood with a large Bangladeshi community, residents said. He was licensed to drive a livery cab between 2012 and 2015, but the license was allowed to lapse, according to law enforcement officials and New York City's Taxi and Limousine Commission.
His family was “deeply saddened” by the attack but also “outraged by the way we have been targeted by law enforcement,” the family said in a statement sent by the New York Chapter of the Council on American-Islamic Relations. A teenage relative was pulled out of class and questioned in school without a parent, guardian or lawyer, the statement said.
Security cameras captured the attacker walking casually through a crowded passageway when the bomb went off around 7:20 a.m. A plume of white smoke cleared to show the man sprawled on the ground and commuters scattering.
Port Authority police said officers found the man injured on the ground, with wires protruding from his jacket and the device strapped to his torso. They said he was reaching for a cellphone and they grabbed his hands.
The last bomb blast in the subway system was believed to be in December 1994, when an explosive made from mayonnaise jars and batteries wounded 48 people in a car in lower Manhattan. Prosecutors said unemployed computer programmer Edward Leary set off the explosion to try to extort $2 million from the city's transit agency; he claimed insanity. He was convicted of attempted murder and sentenced to 94 years in prison.
___
Associated Press writers Tom Hays, Jake Pearson, Kiley Armstrong, Larry Neumeister and David James Jeans in New York, Michael Balsamo in Los Angeles, Matt Pennington in Washington, D.C., and AP researcher Rhonda Shafner in New York contributed to this report.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
Oil demand has been erratic in 2017-18 so far—growing by 6.1% in May and 2.4% in April. Photo: Ramesh Pathania/Mint
New Delhi: India's fuel demand grew by over 1% in July as consumption of diesel and petrol rose, government data showed.
Fuel consumption in July totalled 15.8 million tonnes as compared to 15.63 million tonnes in the same month of 2016, data from the petroleum planning and analysis cell (PPAC) of the oil ministry showed.
The growth was higher than the 0.4% recorded in June when consumption of industrial fuel had dipped.
Oil demand has been erratic in 2017-18 so far—growing by 6.1% in May and 2.4% in April.
For July, diesel sales were up 8.5% at 6.3 million tonnes while petrol consumption was up 11.6% at 2.14 million tonnes.
With a record number of free cooking gas connections being doled out, LPG sales were up 12.5% to 1.92 million tonnes.
Since launch of the scheme to provide free liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) connections to women of poor households in May 2016, more than 2.6 crore connections have been given.
Naphtha sales fell 30% to 833,000 tonnes. Consumption of bitumen, used for making roads, also dipped 8% to 255,000 tonnes.
Oil demand had plunged 5.9% in January, the most in 13 years, after the shock demonetisation of high-value currency notes in November 2016.
Demand fell 3.1% in February and 0.7% in March before rebounding in April.
DETROIT (AP) — Young drivers aren't alone in behaving badly on U.S. roads, a trend that could be contributing to a spike in highway deaths.
Well over half of drivers in every age group have texted behind the wheel, run a red light or driven faster than the speed limit in the last 30 days, according to a new study by the AAA Foundation for Traffic Safety.
Younger drivers are the worst offenders. Eighty-eight percent of drivers ages 19 to 24 admitted to at least one of those behaviors. But even mature drivers skirted the rules more often researchers expected. For instance, 10 percent of drivers between 60 and 74 have texted or sent email from behind the wheel, while 37 percent of drivers over 75 said they'd driven through a light that had just turned red.
“It was a surprise that there were relatively high rates of these behaviors among the drivers we think of as safer,” said Lindsay Arnold, a research associate with the AAA Foundation.
Arnold said the responses were similar to those in past years, indicating a troubling trend. In 2015, U.S. traffic deaths rose 7 percent to 35,092, the largest single-year increase in five decades. They're expected to rise again in 2016 when that data is finalized.
“It points to the need to improve driver behavior if we're going to reverse this alarming trend,” Arnold said.
Teen driver education campaigns have had some success, foundation spokeswoman Tamra Johnson said. Now the organization is considering the best ways to reach drivers of other ages.
The study found broad agreement on some issues. Eighty-seven percent of drivers said they have never driven when they thought they were close to the legal alcohol limit. Ninety-five percent said they had never driven within an hour of using marijuana. Eighty-eight percent of drivers say it's unacceptable to drive without a seat belt, and 82 percent support laws requiring motorcycle riders to wear helmets.
But drivers' behavior sometimes contradicted their own instincts. More than three-quarters of drivers say it's unacceptable to text or email while driving, but 31 percent had done so in the last month and 8 percent do so often. Ninety-six percent of drivers say drowsy driving is a serious safety threat, but 29 percent had recently driven when they were so tired they had trouble keeping their eyes open.
The study questioned 2,511 licensed drivers aged 16 and over. Among its findings:
— The youngest drivers — those ages 16 to 18 — were less likely to engage in speeding, running red lights or texting while driving than drivers in their 20s through 50s.
— Eighty-three percent of drivers — and 86.5 percent of drivers 75 or older — said they were more careful than other drivers on the road.
— Just over half of drivers feel seriously threatened by drivers talking on cell phones, but 68 percent made a call while driving in the last 30 days.
— Drivers ages 40-59 were the most likely to use a hands-free phone in the car. Driver ages 16-18 and 75 or older were the most likely to hold their phones and talk while driving.
— Twenty-three percent of drivers — and 36 percent of those ages 19 to 24 — think it's acceptable to drive 15 mph over the speed limit on a freeway. Forty-six percent of drivers say they have driven that fast on a freeway in the last 30 days.
— Sixty percent of drivers say people who drive after using illegal drugs are a serious threat, but just 34 percent say the same about people who drive after using prescription drugs.
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A fortnight after a rare plastic £10 note sold for £3,600 on eBay , another has been auctioned off by the Bank of England for £7,200.
The note has the serial number AA01 000010 - which is said to be the lowest available to the public.
The life-changing sum - which is double what was originally estimated by auctioneers - is to be donated to a handful of charities.
Another 87 polymer £10 notes were also flogged at the auction on Friday.
A second note - with an AA001 000011 serial number- sold for £5,200, while the third AA01 000014 editions was traded for £3,500.
The proceeds of the auction are to go to three charities - Candlelighters , Haven House Children's Hospice and Macmillan Cancer Support .
In September, we revealed how a plastic £10 note sold for thousands of pounds on eBay.
The tenner had a serial number that combined the rare AH prefix with 1775 - the year Jane Austen was born.
Meanwhile the highest plastic £5 note to date goes to eBayer Lauben4020, who sold a fiver for £5,000 just months after it was released into circulation last October.
The highest sum raised however, was at a charity Bank of England auction - where it was sold for an eye-watering £80,000.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Other 'rare' £10 notes to look out for
With many of the AA01's going to a special charity auction , it looks like AH is the serial code you need as that's the one you'll find on the streets.
A few AA01 notes have also emerged, with these selling for as much as £250 each .
AE notes are also selling well, with people getting around double the face value of their notes.
But there are some specific serial numbers that could well justify the hype.
You should also look out for: JA01, they're Austen's initials; JA75, because that's Austen's birth year; and JA17, the year of the author's death.
Changechecker.org explains: "Whilst these will likely become popular with collectors in the future, it could be many years before notes with these serial numbers enter circulation due to the huge amount of possible combinations that would come before ‘JA'."
Serial numbers '16 121775' and '18 071817', which would represent Austen's date of birth and death respectively, might also fetch you a small fortune.
Serial number '17 751817' includes her birth and death year combined. And '28 011813' was when Pride and Prejudice was first published, so might also be worth much more than the value it technically represents.
The old paper £10 note is expected to be withdrawn from circulation in Spring next year - although no date has yet been shared by the Bank of England.
A new £20 note featuring artist JMW Turner will follow in 2020.
Eagles LT Jason Peters signs one-year contract extension through 2019; deal likely allows him to retire with Eagles
Eagles LT Jason Peters signs one-year contract extension through 2019; deal likely allows him to retire with Eagles Jun 14
Zach Berman covers the Eagles. He also appears regularly on Comcast SportsNet. He previously wrote for the Washington Post and Newark Star-Ledger, and was a contributor for the New York Times.
The Eagles will have live tackling periods in training camp this year.
Although tackling is fundamental in the NFL, it has become less common during training camp practices. The Eagles seldom tackled during Chip Kelly's practices. Coach Doug Pederson reintroduced it last year, but he pulled back on live tackling after there were injuries in the first week of camp. Pederson said Wednesday that the Eagles will tackle this summer.
"I'm going in with the same mentality," Pederson said. "We're going to stay aggressive and we're going to hit and we'll put the pads on. I think off the top of my head, I believe we have like three live practice days that we'll tackle and take guys to the ground. Other than that, everything will be what we call 'thud' or in pads."
Poll When do you expect Lane Johnson to take over for Jason Peters at left tackle? Sometime this season
Next season
After that Vote Results
The Eagles will open training camp
July 24 and hold their first full-team session July 27. The first three days are only for rookies, quarterbacks, and selected veterans.
Extra points
Defensive tackle Fletcher Cox left Wednesday's practice with a neck strain. Wide receiver Dorial Green-Beckham was absent with a foot injury. Those were the only new players added to the injury report. . . . Running back Ryan Mathews is not with the team while recovering from his neck injury. His absence is excused. He is not expected to be with the Eagles in 2017.
But for Justin Trudeau's Liberal government, the Trans Mountain expansion represented a historic compromise: Alberta would sign onto Ottawa's climate change agenda; in return the federal government would guarantee the province a new pipeline to get tarsands bitumen to market.
In theory, this compromise seemed doable. In practice, it was not. It didn't speak to the real concerns of pipeline opponents. It still doesn't.
The only difference now is that pipeline critics will be demonstrating against a federal Crown corporation rather than a privately owned U.S. company.
But the real weakness in Ottawa's nationalization scheme is economic. The Trans Mountain expansion was conceived at a time when petroleum prices were hitting record highs and before shale oil had become an important source of energy.
In those heady days, it made some economic sense to build a pipeline devoted to developing Alberta's high-cost oilsands for export. Now it makes less sense.
Companies that have already invested heavily in the oilsands will continue to mine bitumen at almost any price in an effort to offset their fixed costs. But new investors are warier.
What's more, as Alberta's Parkland Institute points out, the Trans Mountain expansion was conceived at a time when there were fewer pipelines bringing tarsands oil to market. Since then, the Keystone XL pipeline, which is meant to take heavy oil from Alberta to Texas, has been approved.
The ultimate cost of the federal government's new pipeline scheme remains unclear. The $4.5 billion price tag cited by Morneau on Tuesday covers only the cost of purchasing Kinder Morgan's existing assets. The planned expansion was expected to cost the Texas-based company $7.4 billion more.
Presumably, the cost to the new owners — us — will be about the same.
The Alberta government may also be called on to pony up an unspecified amount of money, Morneau said.
The finance minister said he plans to reprivatize the pipeline company as soon as possible. We shall see if that works out.
In all of this, the federal government's assumption appears to be that the obstacles facing Trans Mountain are transitory — that all Ottawa need do is guide the project through a rough patch.
In fact, the problems facing pipelines today are much deeper. Kinder Morgan found that out the hard way. The federal Liberal government and its new Crown corporation are on track to be taught the same lesson.
Thomas Walkom is a Toronto-based columnist covering politics. Follow him on Twitter: @tomwalkom
Thomas Walkom is a Toronto-based columnist covering politics. Follow him on Twitter: @tomwalkom
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It's billed as one of pop's ultimate reunions.
But fans getting excited over the new Spice Girls renaissance could be disappointed - after it was revealed only four of the women will provide vocals.
According to reports, Victoria 'Posh' Beckham has been excused from singing during the keenly-awaited project, which is said to net them £10 million each.
This means some of the band's biggest hits - including 2 Become 1 and Say You'll Be There - will undergo substantial re-jigging.
Meanwhile, remaining bandmates Mel C, Mel B, Emma Bunton and Geri Horner will be required to pick up the slack.
(Image: Getty Images)
Simon Fuller, their former manager and brainchild behind the re-grouping, is said to have 'assured' Posh that she won't need to sing a note.
Last night a source told The Sun : “This is the pop reunion no one thought would ever happen again. But after a long period of negotiation Victoria agreed the time is right to work on new projects this year.
“It's very exciting because she has always been adamant she wouldn't go back.”
(Image: Getty)
They added: “Now that she's a top designer Victoria is concerned about singing but she wants to make money to pump back into her business.”
Last year, Posh's eponymous fashion business lost more than £8million, which is said to be a pressing reason behind her sudden decision to participate.
However, her reluctance to sing will be likely to frustrate fans - many of whom supported her solo career, which included the True Steppers track Out Of Your Mind.
Some of them have aired their displeasure on Twitter, with one saying: "Posh Spice agreeing to £10 million for a reunion on condition she does NOT sing make her the queen of Bare Minimum".
Another added: "Jesus, what kind of reunion is this gonna be?!", while a third said: "That's like Maradona saying he'll be coming out of retirement at the World Cup and never lacing up his boots!".
The band last appeared on stage together at the 2012 Olympics closing ceremony in London.
Airport kicker and Tennessee commit Paxton Brooks gets his jersey to play in the Under Armour All-American game.
THANK YOU for being a subscriber. Because of you Whaleoil is going from strength to strength. It is a little known fact that Whaleoil subscribers are better in bed, good looking and highly intelligent. Sometimes all at once!
The challenges facing the aspiring entrepreneurs are not new but the tools they have available certainly are.
April 24, 2018 10 min read
Opinions expressed by Entrepreneur contributors are their own.
Starting a business has always been considered one of the more difficult career choices. However, the acute interest with which millennials are pursuing it has changed this perspective. Indeed, entrepreneurship has a charm that is hard to resist. Why shouldn't it be? The promise of going after what one truly wants, personal and financial freedom and make meaningful contributions to humanity is something that we all deeply cherish.
However, behind all the optimism and notions of limitless potential lies an unfortunate fact -- starting and running a company is (still) exceedingly risky. After all, there is a very good reason why 90 percent startups crash and burn by their second year. Reasons for such a startling failure rate are many, but fundamentally boil down to…
Securing funds. In a survey in London, two-thirds of respondents said that getting financial backing was their biggest hurdle.
Lack of planning usually resulting from no experience running a business.
Trouble securing and maintaining a talented team of professionals.
Not knowing what the market wants.
It's easy for entrepreneurs to quickly become overwhelmed as they come face to face with the fact that running a company takes a LOT more work than they imagined. There are a number of variables that need to be taken into account.
One of the bigger assumptions that cripple businessmen and women alike is the notion that things must be done a certain way. It is all too common to see people with big ideas infatuated with having a large office, thinking they can do it all alone, running after VC firms for funding, having onsite staffs all the time and so on. These self-imposed restrictions do little to help them, and everything to hamper their efforts.
That being said, these problems are not new, and little do people realize that they have access to tools that can make thing a lot easier. In fact, with a bit of creativity, they can slash many of the more common problems that all entrepreneurs face. Here are four ways you can do just that.
Recruit smarter for a leaner, more effective team.
When you are strapped for cash, the risk of bad hires is too great to ignore. Full-time employees are usually more expensive as you have to pay monthly salaries and cover benefits. Not to mention, you will always find out too late whether they are any good or not. There is even evidence to suggest that an inhouse employees takes up to two years before becoming fully productive.
In such situations, startups can find great talent through the internet, too. Freelancers and contractors offer many advantages over in-house employees. Since freelancers work with multiple companies simultaneously, their employers needn't cover their benefits or social security. They work on their own equipment which is another expense companies can not only forgo, but leverage as well.
An employer can test through multiple candidates and find the right ones at a fraction of the cost of hiring a full-time employee. As freelancers may be located anywhere, it's easy to create teams in different time-zones and work around the clock, too. Freelancers usually charge per project which makes them cheaper, and are easier to on-board and ramp, making scaling large projects effortless.
The biggest advantage remote working brings to the table is the ability to hire talent that traditionally wasn't even available to employers. As your workforce becomes remote, you will no longer need to invest in an expensive office, infrastructure and slash operating costs. More affordable options like co-working spaces, working from home (or coffee shops), small business incubators and virtual offices are great alternatives that will work just as well.
Related: Top 5 Ways Freelancers Can Stay Competitive in the Gig Economy
Discovering opportunities and finding what works.
Part of the challenge (and thrill) of starting your own venture is finding out whether your ideas have any real value. We all tend to think “of course my product is useful,” but is that how people in your target market feel as well?
Finding this key piece of information can make or break your enterprise. Fortunately, there are smart ways out there you can use to feel the pulse of your market.
Affiliate marketing: Affiliate marketing, where a marketer or seller gets a commission for every product that he/she sells for a company is not only a great profession in itself, but is also an awesome way to test a market thoroughly before launching your own product, all while making an income.
Start by making a list of every major brand operating in your space. Affiliate program aggregators like Clickbank, Shareasale and Amazon Associates are great resources here, too. Now, look for those with an affiliate program. You can search for “company name + affiliate program” “industry + affiliate program” on Google to find them. Sign up with a few and start promoting products that are similar to the one you have in mind.
As you go along, you will begin to gather invaluable first-hand information on what the market wants, which marketing messages work best and which features are most wanted. At this point, it will be wise to make a list of email subscribers out of the people who are purchasing through you as well. Your list will become your most vital asset when you launch your own product. By the time you're ready, you will have a battle tested game plan and will simply need to supplement the products you are promoting with your own.
Online product reviews: While product reviews are a great way to know whether a product delivers on its promises or not, it is also a free way to gauge what works and what doesn't. Look for trends in reviews of products that are from your would be competitors. There are review portals for every kind of service so, finding reviews for research shouldn't be a problem. Some review sites you can look into are…
Amazon , Ebay , Jet : For consumer goods.
Tripadvisor , Airbnb , HomeAway : For travel and tourism.
Google Places, Yelp, YP: For small and local businesses.
Find a vacuum in your local market: Some of the biggest chains in the world started off small. Finding what your local community needs can be a great way to get your foot in the (business) door. That being said, locating a hidden niche in your neck of the woods is easier said than done.
Your own experience can be a great asset here. Are you aware of any products that you wished were locally available but you simply couldn't find? You can also hop onto Google's Keyword Tool and search for keywords related to such products specific to your city or town to see if there is any demand.
Related: How to Determine If There's a Market for Your Business Idea
Automate that marketing.
So, you have a great team and you know what the market wants, and you're all set to begin. But as you throw the on-switch, you realize there simply aren't enough hours in the day to do it all. Marketers often find themselves juggling between different tasks and campaigns until they are ready to drop! Happens with the best of us.
Thankfully, there are a plethora of tools out there with which you can put many of your business functions on autopilot. Since marketing will be one of your business's more important functions in its heydays, it's best to automate as much as you can. This way you can spend more time developing your product/service and expanding your empire.
Marketing automation can help you save a lot of time. You need not login to your CMS everytime you need to post to social media, send an email or post a blog. All of these can be setup in advance which means you will have more time to tackle the real problems. The above infographic reveals that…
Automating social media posts can save upto six hours a week.
Reply rate can be increased by as much as 250 percent by automating email outreach.
80 percent of the time can be saved by setting up appointments through an automated tool.
Marketing automation tools also come with awesome dashboards which make managing and tracking marketing campaigns easier. More importantly, they provide the right information at the right time that allows for faster, more accurate decisions.
Finally, marketing automation allows you to personalize content to different user segments and remain in contact with them. Such a feature is crucial for companies that want to build a brand as they can design and distribute content for people in different stages of the sales funnel and help them when needed.
Related: 7 Tools to Automate Your Marketing Tasks (Without Blowing Your Budget)
Become a social media ace.
By now everyone knows that social media is good for business. Unfortunately, few people know how to leverage it and turn social channels into effective marketing mediums. Part of the problem lies in the fact that businesses still think of social media as just another sales channel where people will respond favorably to pitches. Nothing can be farther from the truth!
Social media is best thought of as a gathering of family and friends rather than a tradeshow. People hop onto Facebook, Twitter or Instagram to stay in touch with people they know, to learn about what's going on in the world, to consume funny or entertaining content and to meet new people. Notice finding products or services doesn't feature on this list, and it's best we proceed accordingly.
Brands that become social media stars know they need to engage with their audiences on a personal level. The 70-20-10 strategy is a well tested method for social media marketing. Here's how it works…
70 percent of the content you share should be informative and insightful.
20 percent of the content you share should be from other sources.
10 percent of the content you share should be promotional.
Related: 7 Content Marketing Books to Read in 2018
The better you understand your market and its pain-points, the greater the chance of a first hit home run. Obviously, this means doing your homework before getting started. Founding a company in the traditional sense is at best a peripheral attribute of business which itself is best defined as a process to achieve desired results. How this process should look and work depends entirely on your own goals.
With the tools and methods available today, you can easily develop a small-scale prototype of the process that you intend to use. Once you're confident that you have a working method in place, starting a company, securing funding etc becomes a lot easier.
RICHMOND, Va. (AP) — Virginia tax revenues surged last month, but Gov. Terry McAuliffe cautioned against assuming that the state's recent revenue swoon is over.
The Richmond Times-Dispatch (http://bit.ly/2kRupCg ) reports McAuliffe announced Monday that revenues rose 7.4 percent in January over the previous January. He also says collections for the first seven months of the fiscal year are up 4.6 percent and ahead of the annual forecast revised in the face of last year's shortfall.
Despite the good news, officials say the improved outlook will not result in increased budget spending.
Last year, budget officials were caught off guard when payroll withholding grew more slowly than expected, primarily because lower-paying jobs replaced high-wage jobs that were lost in northern Virginia and other parts of the state especially vulnerable to cuts in federal spending.
Advertisement
___
Information from: Richmond Times-Dispatch, http://www.timesdispatch.com
New Delhi: Rafa Nadal produced an assured display to beat big-serving American John Isner 6-4 7-6(0) at the China Open on Friday and set up a semi-final clash with third seed Grigor Dimitrov.
The top-seeded Spaniard eased to his 59th victory of the year, breaking sixth seed Isner at 5-4 and holding his nerve to sweep a second-set tiebreak.
"I think I played a solid match," Nadal said. "I played very well, changing good directions... I think on return I did well.
"It`s an important victory for me, of course, against a player that arrived here playing so well, winning two great matches. For me it`s an important one and I`m very happy."
Dimitrov had to dig deep after being pushed hard in his quarter-final against Spain`s Roberto Bautista Agut, but held out to beat the fifth seed 7-6(5) 4-6 6-2 in two hours and 29 minutes.
Dimitrov and Nadal have met on nine previous occasions - of which the Spaniard has won eight - but the Bulgarian`s only victory over the world number one came in the Beijing quarter-finals last year.
"He is a player that I really like, a good friend on the tour," Nadal added. "I think Grigor is a player always with a great attitude, with a positive character. I`m happy for him that he`s having a good year.
"Tomorrow will be a tough one, for sure. He`s playing well."
Dimitrov`s victory kept him in the hunt for a spot in next month`s ATP Finals, and the 26-year-old stayed fifth in the Race to London rankings but has closed the gap on fourth-placed Austrian Dominic Thiem to 440 points.
Australian Nick Kyrgios sent down 12 aces against qualifier Steve Darcis, winning the first set 6-0 and going 3-0 up in the second before the Belgian retired due to injury.
Kyrgios, seeded eighth in China, will face second seed Alexander Zverev in the last four after the German ended Russian teenager Andrey Rublev`s impressive run with a routine 6-2 6-3 victory.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Theresa May completed her trip to China today and it is not certain she achieved much apart from gaining a few airmiles.
If the intention was to champion global Britain there was no obvious evidence of it.
She used her meeting with President Xi to talk about the need to do more to tackle plastic and compare notes on their favourite tea . (Lapsang in her case, if you are interested.)
The only positive coverage in the Chinese media was for the Prime Minister not raising human rights - though Downing Street denies this was the case.
The Prime Minister's trip was under-whelming for a simple reason: until she articulates her vision for Brexit she has little to say which is of interest to anyone overseas.
The Chinese, like other countries, are withholding co-operation until there is more certainty about the UK's trading status.
It is not just the domestic audience which is frustrated by the paralysis at the heart of the British government.
(Image: PA)
Very soon, Mrs May is going to have to break her omerta and decide what sort of trading relationship she wants with the EU .
In a round of interviews before her departure from Shanghai, the PM acknowledged the leaked Whitehall analysis painting a gloomy picture of the post-Brexit UK economy , but insisted she will press on regardless.
Unless there is a change of heart we are about to see the first instance in UK history of a Government deliberately adopt an economic policy that will make the country poorer.
The FT reports this morning that Downing Street is considering forging a customs union with the EU for goods.
Liam Fox, who is travelling with the Prime Minister, has dismissed this as a possibility, probably because it would make his job redundant.
Next week the Brexit cabinet committee will meet to try to agree the way forward.
(Image: PA)
Whatever it decides is bound to disappoint but the Prime Minister no longer has the luxury of putting party management ahead of the national interests.
A decision which should have been made before she triggered Article 50 can wait no longer. This is not an arbitrary timetable.
Businesses are already reviewing investment decisions, the infrastructure of a new customs system has to be put in place, tickets for flights could prove invalid if we do not nail down our membership of aviation organisations, radiation treatment could be rationed if we do not put in place a replacement to Euratom.
This is not scaremongering.
These were all parts of the mechanism involved in leaving the EU.
Brexit minister Steve Baker finally apologised last night for impugning the integrity of the civil service .
The fervent Brexiteer accepted he was wrong to imply officials in the Treasury were deliberately trying to sabotage the process.
Jacob Rees-Mogg has yet to apologise for making the same insinuation.
It is ironic that a movement that set out to preserve UK institutions is now hell bent on rubbishing any organisation, whether it's the BBC or the civil service, which challenges their fundamentalist views.
This is Cromwellism for the 21st Century.
(Image: UK parliament)
Labour MP Chuka Umunna today launches a new grassroots organisation bringing together the majority of the pro-Remain groups.
The intention is to make sure the “people's voices” are heard in the Brexit process.
Exactly how you define “the people” is anyone's guess.
If you really want to change minds on Brexit you need to take the fight from Westminster to the streets where people voted leave.
They need to campaign door-by-door to explain why they believe our departure is a mistake.
So far I have seen no sign of that.
Our poll today finds 73% of voters would pay more tax to fund the NHS .
The survey was commissioned ahead of tomorrow's Fix the NHS march in London organised by the People's Assembly.
The rally assembles at 12pm Gower St, central London.
Details here: thepeoplesassembly.org.uk/nhs_fix_it
Today's agenda:
Theresa May finishes her trip to China
9.30am - Sadiq Khan and Jeremy Corbyn housing announcement.
9.30am - Private members' bills in the Commons begin with second reading of Tim Loughton's Civil Partnerships, Marriages and Deaths (Registration Etc.) Bill
What I'm reading:
Historian Peter Frankopan on why we have failed to learn the lessons of China's success
What I'm listening to:
Our new Ayes to the Left podcast . We talk to comedian Geoff Norcott on what it's like to be one of the few Conservative-voting stand ups.
Mississippi Governor Signs Nation's Toughest Abortion Ban Into Law
Enlarge this image toggle caption Rogelio V. Solis/AP Rogelio V. Solis/AP
In his State of the State Address in 2014, Gov. Phil Bryant announced a goal: "to end abortion in Mississippi."
Bryant has now signed a law that makes his state the most difficult state in the country to get an abortion. It is called the Gestational Age Act, and it bans abortions after 15 weeks of gestation, except in the case of a medical emergency or a severe fetal abnormality. The law does not make exceptions in cases of rape or incest. The Mississippi House passed the measure on March 8, and Bryant signed it into law on Monday.
The Associated Press reports that Mississippi's only abortion clinic has sued the state in response to the legislation. In 2012, that same clinic, The Jackson Women's Health Organization, filed a lawsuit challenging a different bill Bryant signed into law. That bill enacted stricter requirements for abortion facilities, including a requirement that all physicians associated with an abortion facility have the right to admit patients to a local hospital. It was eventually blocked by a federal district court in 2013.
After signing this latest bill, Bryant wrote on Twitter, "I am committed to making Mississippi the safest place in America for an unborn child, and this bill will help us achieve that goal."
"We are saving more of the unborn than any state in America, and what better thing we could do," Bryant said as he signed the bill. "We'll probably be sued here in about a half hour, and that'll be fine with me. It is worth fighting over."
On the national level, some recent attempts to restrict abortion have failed, as Julie Rovner reported for NPR and Kaiser Health News:
Despite many attempts, Congress did not pass a federal ban on abortions occurring after 20 weeks, didn't cut off Planned Parenthood's federal funding and didn't write into permanent law the Hyde Amendment, which bans most federal abortion funding but needs annual renewal.
But, Rovner added, the Trump administration has made some progress in restricting abortion and contraception access:
New Delhi: India`s women`s singles star P V Sindhu advanced to the final, while the mixed doubles pair of Pranaav Jerry Chopra and N Sikki Reddy exited in the semi-finals of the $350,000 India Open BWF World Tour Super 500 here on Saturday.
Olympic 2016 silver medallist Sindhu got the better of Thai third seed and former world champion Ratchanok Intanon 21-13, 21-15 to remain one win away from successfully defending her title here.
Sindhu rattled the Thai by mixing clever net-play with big strokes as she led 13-4 in the first game before securing the 21-13 win.
In the second game, Ratchanok tried to push Sindhu with some clever placements but Sindhu kept firing smashes to quell the challenge from the Thai. The home favourite prevailed 21-15 in the second game.
Following the win at the Siri Fort Sports Complex, the three-time World Championship medallist Sindhu improved her head-to-head record against 22-year-old Ratchanok to 3-4.
In the final on Sunday, the Hyderabadi will meet US` fifth seed Beiwen Zhang, who edged past Hong Kong`s sixth seed Cheung Ngan Yi 14-21, 21-12, 21-19 in an hour and three minutes.
The Indian mixed doubles eighth seeds Pranaav-Sikki fell 16-21, 19-21 in 45 minutes against Danish fifth seeds Mathias Christiansen and Christinna Pedersen, who will meet Indonesians Praveen Jordan and Melati Daeva Oktavianti in the final.
The Danish pair looked the better combination in the first game but the Indians did well to fight back in the second game. Pranaav lost his serve at 18-all to give the advantage to Mathias-Christinna, who then made the most of the gift to seal the contest in their favour.
Mathias, especially was brilliant, picking out gaps with ease as Pranaav and Sikki made some tactical errors. Mathias` pace and power made it easy for Christinna, who was playing closer to the net.
Praveen-Melati combined to beat Chinese sixth seeds He Jiting and Du Yue 21-19, 24-22 in 42 minutes.
In the men`s singles category, Chinese Taipei`s third seed Chou Tien Chen got the better of Chinese Qiao Bin 23-21, 21-16 to set-up a title clash against Chinese Shi Yuqi, who ended Malaysian Iskandar Zulkarnain`s stunning run with an 18-21, 21-10, 21-19 victory in an hour and nine minutes.
In the men`s doubles category, Indonesian top-seeds Marcus Fernaldi Gideon and Kevin Sanjaya Sukamuljo and Danish fourth seeds Kim Astrup and Anders Skaarup Rasmussen advanced to the final.
Gideon-Sukamuljo took only 26 minutes to oust compatriots Mohammad Ahsan and Hendra Setiawan with a 21-11, 21-16 victory. Astrup-Rasmussen pair defeated China`s Han Chengkai and Zhou Haodong 21-19, 21-14.
The women`s doubles final will be contested between Thai second seeds Jongkolphan Kititharakul and Rawinda Prajongjai and Indonesian third seeds Greysia Polii and Apriyani Rahayu.
Jongkolphan-Rawinda defeated Chinese Du Yue and Li Yinhui 21-19, 21-17 in 56 minutes, while Greysia-Apriyani moved past Danish top seeds Kamilla Rytter Juhl Aand Christinna Pedersen 21-14, 19-21, 21-18 in an hour and 21 minutes.
(With IANS inputs)
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A programme featuring Monty Don riding an elephant has been taken off air by the BBC amid furious animal cruelty claims.
The episode of the telly horticulturalist's new BBC2 show Paradise Gardens was removed from iPlayer.
The move came after the Daily Mirror unearthed shocking footage of animals being chained and beaten at Amer Fort, in Jaipur, India, where Monty's ride was filmed.
The corporation also launched an investigation.
(Image: BBC)
A spokesman said: “The BBC take all allegations of animal mistreatment very seriously and, as such, we will withdraw the programme from iPlayer while we look into it further.”
The decision is a U-turn by BBC bosses.
(Image: BBC)
They had initially insisted to animal welfare campaigners that the show's production team were satisfied the elephants “were treated well”.
In an email to Audrey Gaffney, of Action for Elephants, the BBC had initially said: “We would like to reassure you the team firstly looked into how the elephants were treated.
(Image: BBC)
“They found that there are rules and practices in place to help ensure the well-being of the elephants at Amer Fort and, after extensive discussions, the team were satisfied elephants here were treated well and in good health.
"They also saw no signs whatsoever of any cruelty in the handling of the elephant.”
The WACA ground, where the third Ashes Test will be played this week, has been described as ramshackle, frozen in time, evocative and a veritable graveyard for visiting teams.
The minimalist venue on the edges of Perth's CBD is hosting its 44th and final Test match from Thursday before future games are switched to the swanky new 60,000-capacity Perth Stadium across the Swan River.
The Western Australian Cricket Association (WACA) ground is well past its use-by date as an international cricket venue and has been left behind by refurbished venues in other capital cities throughout the country.
The lead-up to the Ashes Test has conjured enduring memories of iconic cricketers and their daring deeds in its open-air theatre.
It ranges from Adam Gilchrist's 57-ball hundred pyrotechnics to Curtly Ambrose's spell of seven for one, Doug Walters hooking the final ball from Bob Willis for six to complete a century in a session and button-down shirted Dennis Lillee thundering in to bowl with the wind at his back.
The WACA Ground once boasted it was the fastest pitch in the world until a relaid wicket in the late 1980s slowed it down a tad.
West Australian Test great Justin Langer recalls facing Pakistan's express bowler Shoaib Akhtar on a flyer of a WACA pitch in 2004.
"Ricky Ponting and I were just laughing our heads off, because we could have got a single every ball given how far Moin Khan, the wicketkeeper, was standing back," Langer said.
"I was very happy letting the captain take the strike. When you're batting at the end with the sea breeze behind the bowler, you feel alive.
"You need to leave a lot of balls and if you leave well then you can have great success.
"Fast bowlers usually come here and get carried away," he added.
"They have heard about the WACA so they bowl it far too short.
"It flies through to the keeper and the bowler thinks 'Ah ...', and the batter thinks, 'Come on, keep on doing it baby.'"
Cherished Memories
A large part of the fondness towards the WACA is the prevailing afternoon sea breeze, dubbed "The Fremantle Doctor", which provides respite for fielding sides from the scorching heat or those frazzling in the old stands that offer little shade.
But to visiting English teams, the WACA is a nightmare as history bears out.
England last won a Test in Perth in 1978 and touring Ashes sides have lost the last seven encounters there, and heavily.
It has always been iconic fast bowlers who wrought the destruction, whether it was Lillee and his partner in crime Jeff Thomson terrorising touring batsman -- David Lloyd had his protective box spilt in the 1974-75 series - or Mitchell Johnson and Ryan Harris taking 18 wickets between them in the thumping 2010 win.
It's little wonder one English journalist describes the WACA as England's Ashes necropolis, the cruellest of grounds, a theatre of nightmares.
But there will be some sadness to see the back of a ground first used as a Test venue in 1970.
Opener Graeme Wood cherishes the memories of his home ground, which include a brilliant 111 against the fearsome West Indian bowling attack in 1988.
"It's known worldwide, so as a homegrown boy it is very dear to me," he said.
"It's going to be the last one here. It'll be a little bit sad to see it go to the new stadium."
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump signed a directive Monday that enables NASA to again focus its efforts on sending Americans to the moon — and eventually Mars.
“It marks an important step in returning American astronauts to the moon for the first time since 1972 for long-term exploration and use,” he said in a Roosevelt Room ceremony. “This time, we will not only plant our flag and leave our footprint, we will establish a foundation for an eventual mission to Mars. And perhaps, someday, to many worlds beyond.”
Trump, administration and congressional leaders were joined by Buzz Aldrin, one of the first two people to walk on the moon; Harrison “Jack” Schmitt, who was among the last Americans to walk on the moon; and astronauts Christina Koch and Peggy Whitson.
Schmitt, an Apollo 17 pilot, landed on the moon 45 years ago to the day.
“What do you think, Jack? We'll find some other places out there?” the president asked of Schmitt.
“Yes, we should,” the astronaut responded. “Learn from the moon.”
Trump called the directive “a giant step toward that inspiring future and toward reclaiming America's proud destiny in space.”
Also Monday, as congressional Republicans conference on the tax overhaul legislation that Trump wants ready for his signature by Christmas, the White House said the president would address Americans on the package Wednesday.
Get the Newsday Now newsletter! The best of Newsday every day in your inbox. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
White House deputy press secretary Lindsay Walters said Trump will talk directly with Americans about how the “reform will lead to a brighter future for them and their families.”
House and Senate Republicans are working to reconcile differences on their respective bills to cut taxes and simplify the tax code.
Trump on Monday also hosted about two dozen Evangelical leaders who, after the meeting, told reporters they commended his decision last week to formally declare that the United States recognizes Jerusalem as the capital of Israel.
They gave him a Friends of Zion award.
Trump also has begun the years-long process of relocating the U.S. embassy in Israel to Jerusalem from Tel Aviv.
He made the announcement amid cautions from allies, Western and Arab, that he would complicate or threaten the peace process between Israel and the Palestinians, who also claim the holy city of Jerusalem as their capital.
Early Monday morning, the president rejected a New York Times report published Saturday that depicted him as a voracious consumer of cable news television who tweets defenses of himself as he watches.
“Another false story, this time in the Failing @nytimes, that I watch 4-8 hours of television a day — Wrong!” he tweeted at 8:17 a.m. “Also, I seldom, if ever, watch CNN or MSNBC, both of which I consider Fake News. I never watch Don Lemon, who I once called the ‘dumbest man on television!' Bad Reporting.”
Trump in December 2015 tweeted a compliment of Lemon, a CNN anchor.
“Great interview tonight @donlemon — very professionally done. @CNN,” he wrote.
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document.
.videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }
Democratic lawmakers are calling for a subpoena to force the U.S. Census Bureau and Commerce Department to release internal documents about the decision to add a controversial citizenship question to forms for the upcoming national headcount.
The request comes two weeks before a congressional oversight hearing on the 2020 census.
"We believe these documents are critical for our Committee," write all 18 Democrats on the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee in a letter to its chairman, Republican Rep. Trey Gowdy of South Carolina, "to understand the concerns raised internally by career experts at the Census Bureau itself about the dangers of adding this untested new citizenship question to the census — as well as why the Trump Administration disregarded these concerns."
The U.S. Census Bureau is part of the Commerce Department.
A Commerce Department spokesperson has previously told NPR the documents will not be released until after the May 8 hearing. The agency is preparing to release them publicly after its attorneys file them later next month at the federal courts that are hearing the lawsuits against the citizenship question.
Sen. Kamala Harris of California and other Democrats on the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee, which has oversight of the U.S. Census Bureau, have previously made requests for these documents. NPR has filed Freedom of Information Act requests for them as well.
Gowdy's communications director, Amanda Gonzalez told NPR Tuesday morning that she is "not aware" of the Democrats' letter. "I don't believe the committee has received it yet," she said, referring to the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee.
Previously, Gonzalez has declined to comment on whether a subpoena would be issued for the documents to be released in time for the hearing.
The Democrats' letter notes that regardless of the legal fight over the citizenship question, members of Congress have "an independent responsibility under the Constitution to conduct oversight of the census."
Democratic lawmakers — including the House oversight committee's top Democrat, Rep. Elijah Cummings of Maryland — have been raising concerns about the citizenship question since it was first announced by Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross in late March.
Ross approved a last-minute request to add a citizenship question from the Justice Department. The DOJ says the question is needed to get a better count of voting-age citizens in order to enforce the Voting Rights Act's provisions against voting discrimination of racial and language minority groups. Since the civil rights law was enacted in 1965, the DOJ has relied on estimates of U.S. citizens rather than official counts by the census. Those who have criticized the addition of the citizenship question say those estimates are adequate.
The data are used for reapportioning seats in Congress, drawing legislative districts and distributing an estimated $800 billion a year in federal funding.
Cummings and other Democrats have cited research by the Census Bureau suggesting that asking about citizenship could discourage immigrants and communities of color from participating in the census — a national headcount of every person living in the U.S. required by the Constitution every 10 years.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
JIM THORPE — Rolling out to a big early lead and keeping the pressure on, North Schuylkill clinched its first Schuylkill League Division I championship since 2015 with a 70-47 road victory over Jim Thorpe on Friday night.
The Spartans (18-1, 12-0) got 27 points from Averi Jordan, 17 from Sam Shinkus and nine, on a trio of 3-pointers, from Mya Wetzel.
Natalia Richards scored 15 points to pace the Olympians. Payton Kovac followed closely with 13.
NORTH SCHUYLKILL (70) — Wetzel 3 0-0 9, Shinkus 7 2-2 17, Koutch 0 0-0 0, Wagner 1 0-2 2, Wittig 0 0-2 0, Guerrero 2 3-4 7, Mogish 0 0-0 0, Green 2 4-8 8, Jordan 11 4-6 27, Stitzer 0 0-0 0. Totals 26 13-24 70.
JIM THORPE (47) — Richards 7 1-2 15, P. Kovac 3 6-13 13, McGinley 2 0-0 4, Condly 1 0-0 2, Scott 0 0-0 0, Montemuro 0 0-0 0, Skrimcovsky 2 0-0 6, K. Kovac 1 0-0 2, Gabel 1 0-0 2, Craigie 1 1-6 3. Totals 18 8-21 47.
NS (18-1, 12-0) 16 19 21 14 — 70 JT (6-15, 1-12) 12 4 8 23 — 47
3-point FGs: Wetzel 3, Shinkus, Jordan, Skrimcovsky 2, P. Kovac
Minersville 69
Schuylkill Haven 33
SCHUYLKILL HAVEN — Maggie Wigoda scored eight of her game-high 19 points in a game-opening, 21-0 run that lifted the Miners past the Hurricanes in a Division II game.
The Minersville victory, combined with Williams Valley's loss to Lourdes, clinched the Division II crown for the Miners.
Alex Kroznuskie drained five 3-pointers and added 17 points for Minersville, which connected on 10 3-pointers for the game. The Miners led 40-11 at intermission.
Bella Bernitsky scored 13 points and Kyla Umbenhaur tallied 11 for Schuylkill Haven.
MINERSVILLE (69) — Hossler 0 1-2 1, Kriston 3 2-4 8, Horan 3 0-0 6, Graeff 2 0-0 6, Kroznuskie 6 0-0 17, Hammer 2 2-2 7, Whalen 0 0-0 0, Sekellick 1 0-0 3, Motley 1 0-0 2, Wigoda 9 0-0 19, Arroyo 0 0-0 0, Corby 0 0-0 0. Totals 27 5-8 69.
SCHUYLKILL HAVEN (33) — Roshannon 2 0-0 4, Pruden 1 1-2 3, Umbenhaur 4 3-5 11, Boulhanna 1 0-0 2, Bernitsky 5 2-2 13, Rossi 0 0-0 0. Totals 13 6-9 33.
Min (18-1, 9-1) 21 19 23 6 — 69 SH (0-19, 0-11) 0 11 5 17 — 33
3-point FGs: Graeff 2, Kroznuskie 5, Hammer, Sekellick, Wigoda, Bernitsky
JV score: Not reported
Pine Grove 61
Panther Valley 29
PINE GROVE — Morgan Edge scored eight of her team-high 15 points in a 23-6, second-quarter run that propelled the Cardinals to a Division I win over the Panthers.
Faith Sleva added 12 points for Pine Grove, which outscored Panther Valley 45-14 over the final three quarters. The win kept the Cardinals one game ahead of Lehighton and Blue Mountain in the battle for the Division I wild card.
Christina Dacey led all scorers with 16 points for Panther Valley.
PANTHER VALLEY (29) — Pascoe 1 0-0 3, Dubosky 1 3-4 5, Hoben 0 0-2 0, Sheridan 0 0-0 0, C. Dacey 5 2-2 16, Filer 2 1-3 5, Miller 0 0-0 0, Steber 0 0-0 0. Totals 9 6-11 29.
PINE GROVE (61) — Conrad 2 5-6 9, Edge 6 2-4 15, Butler 1 0-0 2, Sleva 5 2-2 12, Betz 0 5-6 5, Frew 4 1-2 9, Boyer 3 3-7 9, Brown 0 0-0 0, Jacoby 0 0-0 0. Totals 21 18-27 61.
PV (6-15, 1-12) 15 6 2 6 — 29 PG (15-5, 9-3) 16 23 12 10 — 61
3-point FGs: Pascoe, C. Dacey 4, Edge
JV score: Pine Grove won
Marian 45
Shenandoah Valley 30
SHENANDOAH — Reese Erbe scored all nine of her points in the second half as the Fillies pulled away from the Blue Devils in a Division III contest.
Emma McClafferty scored all of her game-high 10 points in the first half as Marian built a 15-13 lead. Erbe tallied six points in a 17-7, third-quarter run that broke things open.
Victoria Donovan paced Shenandoah Valley with nine points.
MARIAN (45) — Kreisl 2 0-0 6, Shaud 1 3-6 5, Erbe 4 0-0 9, Agosti 3 0-0 7, Alansky 3 0-0 6, Murray 0 0-0 0, Schwabe 1 0-0 2, McClafferty 5 0-1 10. Totals 19 3-7 45.
SHENANDOAH VALLEY (30) — Demalis 2 1-2 6, Kowalick 0 0-0 0, Donovan 4 1-4 9, Monahan 1 0-0 2, Conroy 1 1-2 3, Buchanan 1 2-2 4, Stevens 0 0-0 0, Wargo 2 1-2 6. Totals 11 6-12 30.
Mar (15-5, 9-2) 6 9 17 13 — 45 SV (12-8, 5-6) 7 6 7 10 — 30
3-point FGs: Kreisl 2, Erbe, Agosti, Demalis, Wargo
JV score: No game
Lourdes 43
Williams Valley 34
COAL TWP. — Selina Albert had a double-double with 17 points and 10 rebounds as the Red Raiders downed the Vikings in a Division II contest.
Lilly Bickel added 15 points for Lourdes, while Jessica Milewki added 10 rebounds.
Elysa Yeagley led Williams Valley with 11 points, while Mya Achenbach added 10.
WILLIAMS VALLEY (34) — Acherbach 4 1-4 10, Yealey 4 2-3 11, Hoffman 2 0-0 4, Kramer 3 1-2 7, Updegrove 0 0-2 0, Rebuck 1 0-1 2. Totals 14 4-12 34.
LOURDES (43) — Komara 0 0-0 0, Coleman 1 0-0 2, Milewski 2 0-0 4, Shimko 0 0-0 0, Bickel 5 4-6 15, S. Albert 5 6-10 17, F. Czeponis 2 1-2 5. Totals 15 11-18 43.
WV (10-9, 6-5) 9 4 11 9 — 34 Lou (9-9, 6-5) 11 6 14 12 — 43
3-point FGs: Achenbach, Yealey, Bickel, S. Albert
JV score: Williams Valley 36-32
Nativity 63
Tri-Valley 33
POTTSVILLE — Madison Rushannon had a game-high 18 points as the Golden Girls rolled past the Bulldogs in a Division II-III crossover contest atop Lawton's Hill.
Allison Clarke added 13 points and Samantha Heenan 11 for Nativity, which got out to a 35-20 lead at the half and held Tri-Valley to 13 second-half points.
Jaeda Stewart had 10 points to pace the Bulldogs.
TRI-VALLEY (33) — Stewart 3 2-2 10, Romberger 3 1-6 7, Balsavage 0 0-0 0, Witmer 0 0-0 0, McCormick 1 0-0 2, Scheib 2 0-0 4, Connell 1 4-4 7, Schnoke 0 3-8 3. Totals 10 10-20 33.
NATIVITY (63) — M. Clarke 0 0-0 0, McClure 1 2-2 4, Klembara 4 0-0 9, Hunyara 1 1-2 3, Stavinski 0 2-2 2, A. Clarke 6 1-6 13, Rushannon 5 7-8 18, Heenan 3 5-10 11, Zemantauski 1 1-2 3. Totals 21 19-32 63.
TV (4-15, 1-9) 8 12 7 6 — 33 Nat (5-15, 3-8) 17 18 14 14 — 63
3-point FGs: Stewart 2, Connell, Klembara, Rushannon
Boys' basketball
Tamaqua 61
Lehighton 53
TAMAQUA — Lucas Gregoire poured in a game-high 27 points as the Raiders downed the Indians in a Division I contest.
Tamaqua led 31-23 at the half and increased their advantage to 50-31 after a 19-8 scoring advantage in the third quarter.
Thad Zuber added 12 points for the Raiders.
Zach Hunsicker led Lehighton with 18 points, all on six 3-pointers, while Caine Carpenter added 13.
LEHIGHTON (53) — Heery 1 0-0 3, Carpenter 4 5-6 13, Hunsicker 6 0-0 18, Bradley-Chambers 3 2-2 8, Howland, 0 2-2 2, Venuto 3 0-0 7, Schatz 1 0-0 2. Totals 18 9-10 53 TAMAQUA (61) — Bonetsky 3 0-3 7, Stianche 1 0-1 2, Kurek 0 0-0 0, Zuber 4 4-8 12, Knoblauch 3 2-5 8, Rother 0 2-2 2, G. Gregoire 0 3-4 3, L. Gregoire 11 5-8 27. Totals 22 16-31 61
L (2-18, 0-12) 12 11 8 22 — 53 T (15-5, 8-4) 17 14 19 11 — 61
3-point FGs: Hunsicker 6, Heery, Venuto, Bonetsky
JV score: Tamaqua 56-38
Lancaster CD 71
Upper Dauphin 58
ELIZABETHVILLE — Macklin Ayers scored 17 points and Connor Deitrich 13 as the Trojans dropped a Tri-Valley League East contest to the Cougars.
Lancaster Country Day got out to a 16-7 lead after the first quarter.
LANCASTER COUNTRY DAY (71) — Williams 10 1-2 21, Duncan 5 2-2 12, Fisher 2 1 3-7 10, Fry 5 1-1 11, Wallyning 7 1-2 15, Lojewski 1 0-0 2. Totals 30 1 8-15 71.
UPPER DAUPHIN (58) — Smith 3 1-2 7, Gessner 2 4-5 9, Lentz 0 0-0 0, Dressler 3 1-2 7, H. Bellis 1 0-0 2, Deitrich 4 5-8 13, Specht 1 0-2 3, Ayers 6 5-7 17, Reigner 0 0-0 0. Totals 20 16-26 58.
LCD (14-5, 8-5) 16 18 14 23 — 71 UD (9-10, 5-6) 7 17 16 18 — 58
3-point FGs: Fisher, Gessner, Specht
JV score: No game
Twin Valley 65
Hamburg 47
HAMBURG — Corey Evangelista scored 13 points and Seamus Barter 10 as the Hawks dropped a Berks II contest to the Raiders.
TWIN VALLEY (65) — Toole 0 0-0 0, Blunt 9 6-8 27, Brown 0 0-0 0, Miller 1 0-0 2, Sorber 0 0-0 0, Morse 0 3-4 3, Levengood 2 0-0 4, Bash 0 0-0 0, Kaplar 2 2-2 7, Storz 1 2-4 4, Witkowski 0 0-0 0, Deihm 8 2-3 18. Totals 23 15-21 65.
HAMBURG (47) — Kennedy 2 0-0 6, Evangelista 5 0-0 13, Sterner 1 0-0 3, Balthaser 0 0-0 0, Naftzinger 1 0-0 3, Graham 2 0-0 6, Stull 1 1-2 4, Barter 4 2-2 10, Shuey 1 0-0 2. Totals 17 3-4 47.
TV (7-12, 3-5) 18 15 21 11 — 65 Ham (1-19, 1-7) 0 15 17 15 — 47
3-point FGs: Blunt 3, Bash, Kennedy 2, Evangelista 3, Sterner, Naftzinger, Graham 2, Stull
JV score: Twin Valley 28-24
College Women
PSU-Lehigh Valley 74
PSU-Schuylkill 49
ALLENTOWN — After a 10-game winning streak, Penn State Schuylkill dropped its second straight Penn State University Athletic Conference game with a loss to PSU-Lehigh Valley College at Cedar Crest College.
Makenna Rushannon led Penn State Schuylkill with 13 points. The Lions trailed 34-23 at halftime.
PSU-Lehigh Valley was paced by six double-figure scorers, led by Andrea Watkins with 15 points.
PENN STATE SCHUYLKILL (49) — Rushannon 4 4-6 13, Moyer 0 2-4 2, Edge 3 2-2 8, Bowen 3 1-1 7, Sacco 2 5-6 9, Stokes 0 0-4 0, Gerber 1 0-0 2, Teaschenko 1 0-0 2, Luckenbill 3 0-0 6. Totals 17 14-23 49.
PENN STATE LEHIGH VALLEY (74) — Brady 6 0-0 12, Bankes 3 1-2 10, Sanders 4 6-10 14, Watkins 6 3-4 15, Erie 5 0-0 10. Taylor 0 0-0 0, Schratt 1 0-0 2, White 5 1-2 11, Brown-Paul 0 0-0 0. Totals 30 11-18 74.
Sch (14-5, 8-3) 13 10 14 12 — 49 LV (12-5, 9-1) 17 17 26 14 — 74
3-point FGs: Rushannon, Bankes 3
College Men
PSU-Lehigh Valley 94
PSU-Schuylkill 83
ALLENTOWN — Senior Kody Jacoby scored 35 points and grabbed 10 rebounds in his return to the Penn State Schuylkill lineup, but Penn State Lehigh Valley placed four players in double figures to win at Cedar Crest College.
Khari Thompson and Rene Alexandre each scored 11 points for Schuylkill, which dropped its fifth straight road game.
Jonathan Buie paced PSU-Lehigh Valley with 23 points and 16 rebounds
PENN STATE SCHUYLKILL (83) — Jacoby 11 9-11 35, Brown 1 0-0 3, Thompson 4 1-2 11, Chandler 2 0-0 4, Smith 2 1-2 5, Alexandre 5 1-1 11, Roland 1 0-0 2, Santiago 0 0-0 0, Graham 4 0-1 8, Baxter 1 2-2 4. Totals 31 14-19 83.
PENN STATE LEHIGH VALLEY (94) — Thomas 2 3-4 7, Jenkins 5 4-4 14, Middleton 1 0-0 2, Molettiere 6 1-2 19, Buie 8 7-11 23, Gilbert 6 4-4 19, Nieves 0 0-0 0. Hargett 3 0-0 6, Johnson 2 0-0 4. Totals 33 19-25 94.
Sch (7-12, 5-8) 48 35 — 83 LV (8-9, 7-5) 33 61 — 94
3-point FGs: Jacoby 4, Brown, Thompson 2, Molettiere 6, Gilbert 3
The owner of a Warwick restaurant where rat and mouse infestations put the health of customers at risk has been banned from taking part in running any food business.
The ban was imposed when Kayes Miah appeared at Warwick Crown Court after pleading guilty to a number of breaches of food hygiene and safety regulations.
He also admitted failing to comply with an improvement notice served on him over the conditions at the Mr India restaurant and take-away in West Street, Warwick.
Miah, of Derrydown Road, Perry Barr, Birmingham, was sentenced to ten months in prison suspended for two years and was ordered to do 150 hours of unpaid work and to pay £500 costs.
Recorder Anthony Potter told him: “Customers were coming to your restaurant for the convenience of food being prepared for them and for a pleasant experience.
“What they did not want was the risk of contracting an unpleasant disease as a result.”
Marcus Harry, prosecuting, said that Miah had registered as a food business operator in May 2010 and opened Mr India.
In March this year Warwick District Council food safety inspectors carried out a routine inspection of the premises which uncovered a number of offences – the most serious of which were infestations of both rats and mice.
Rodent dropping were found in a variety of locations, including near a chiller and in the cellar which was used to store non-food items including take-away containers.
Nesting material was also found in the cellar, where there were also areas of flooding.
In the kitchen the inspectors noted general dirtiness, including greasy walls and ceilings, a greasy drainage rack, and holes large enough for rodents to get in and out of the kitchen.
There was also inappropriate means for staff members to clean their hands, with no soap or paper towels.
There was mould on the walls near the sink in the kitchen and a leak under the sink, and items such as a chopping board, a tea towel and a food container were dirty, as were various surfaces and a microwave oven.
There were further issues identified in the bar area, and the restaurant had no food safety management system in place.
Miah was on holiday at the time, but his nephew was there and agreed to a voluntary closure of the restaurant until a pest control operator was brought in and a thorough clean carried out.
Mr India re-opened three days later after a further visit was made which established that those measures were under way.
But the improvements did not last, and when another inspection was carried out in May, eight further offences were discovered, including evidence of fresh rodent droppings.
The walls and ceilings in the kitchen were still soiled with grease, as was the draining rack, and there was a food container with a split in an area infested with rodents.
Again there was a voluntary closure while improvements were supposedly made, and a hygiene improvement notice was served on Miah a few days later.
But a further inspection in July showed that had not been complied with – and there were still a number of breaches of food hygiene regulations including dirty and greasy surfaces and mould, while in the cellar there were dead insects in the area where food containers were kept.
Mr Harry pointed out that Miah had already been cautioned for hygiene regulation breaches in 2010 and 2014, a year when he was also convicted of breaching regulations in respect of a travel agency he was running at the time.
Recorder Potter said: “Of particular concern to me is that on each occasion there has been no attempt to put in procedures to deal with the concerns. On one hand he blames others, but on the other hand he had the option of complying.”
Amrisha Parathalingam, defending, said: “He has made changes. He tells me that in fact the council were supposed to visit the premises about a month ago, but no-one attended.”
She handed in a number of photographs which she said showed the improvements that had been made, including painting the walls - but Mr Harry observed that there were none of other areas of concern, such as the cellar.
Miss Parathalingam added: “Of course the premises were filthy, which Mr Miah has to accept. His mother died, which had an effect on him, but he knows that does not excuse putting the public's health at risk by running a dirty restaurant.”
Recorder Anthony Potter told Miah: “I have to sentence you for a number of breaches of food and safety hygiene regulations, breaches that occurred on three separate occasions.
“You ran the Mr India restaurant. It's a restaurant which is close to the castle and close to the racecourse which attract a large number of visitors to the region.
“It is in a prime position to attract customers, and I have no doubt that anyone who has attended that restaurant would be appalled to see the state it was in when the inspectors first visited, when they found evidence of rats and mice having visited the premises and left their droppings.”
Imposing an indefinite prohibition on Miah taking part in the management of any food business, Recorder Potter added: “With regard to basic hygiene regulations, you utterly failed.
“I have to take regard of what I consider your flagrant disregard of regulations which are in place to ensure customers can eat and purchase food to take away in the knowledge that they can eat it safely.”
VALLEY VIEW — Thrill-seekers dressed as Batman, Superman, Santa Claus and in ugly Christmas sweaters made a splash in the new year Sunday at the Pine Creek Polar Bear Plunge.
Valley View Park hosted the eighth annual event, which benefits the Pine Creek Trout Nursery, a cooperative of the state Fish and Boat Commission and Valley View Gun Club.
While outside temperatures were about 43 degrees when the plungers made entered the water at 1:17 p.m., the water was 36 degrees.
Jim Reed, event organizer, said a sledgehammer was used to remove ice from the creek Saturday. He estimated the water was 4 feet deep at its deepest and 2 to 3 feet at the dam.
The event kicked off with mascot Pine Creek Pete rowing an inflatable raft to start the countdown.
Fifty people made the chilly swim. Some of them did it for fun, while others did it to honor the memory of a loved one.
“I'm doing this in honor of my mother, Adella Saltzman, who died of Alzheimer's,” Tammy Saltzman said. She wore her mother's T-shirt as she took the plunge.
Aldo Mirarchi, Kulpmont, Northumberland County, wore water shoes and shorts into the water. It was his first time participating in the event.
“You know it's going to be cold, but you've got to expect that,” he said.
Ed Koropchak, 38, of Saint Clair, wore a Superman T-shirt, shorts and shoes for his first plunge. He described the water as brisk.
“It's definitely a lot colder than I thought it was going to be. It's shocking. I still can't feel my toes,” he said. Koropchak said he wanted to start the new year off right by supporting the cause.
Damien Freed, 31, of Pottsville, Justin Edling, 32, of Hegins, and Ryan Setlock, 33, of Barnesville, took the chilly dip together wearing ugly Christmas sweaters — two of which were adorned with cats and the third featured poinsettias and a red neck tie.
Edling said the water was like “pins and needles,” while Freed said entering the water was cold but going back in after reaching the far side was worse.
“I knew what it was going to feel like,” he said.
Other notable attire included Mike Sokoloski, 50, of Ashland, who wore a Hawaiian shirt, swim shorts and a Santa hat, and Zach Mace, 19, of Valley View, wore his Batman pajamas.
Reed said the event raised approximately $4,000. The goal was between $3,000 and $5,000.
Reed said this year's event was the nicest weather he can remember for the plunge.
For $20, participants received a T-shirt, and pork and sauerkraut dinner.
Hegins EMS was on scene in case of emergency.
Medicaid Cuts In Wisconsin Would Undermine Training For Adults With Disabilities
Enlarge this image toggle caption Sara Stathas for NPR Sara Stathas for NPR
It's morning meeting time at Our Place Day Services, a day center for adults with disabilities, housed in a small concrete and glass building on Lovers Lane in Slinger, Wis.
About 30 people are gathered here, around a long table, reciting the pledge of allegiance. One man paces alongside the table, another sits in a wheelchair a few feet away. There's a woman holding a baby in her lap and a friendly dog — a goldendoodle — wandering around greeting people with a sniff and a lick.
A modest operation based north of Milwaukee, on Interstate 43, Our Place serves as a safe place for people with severe cognitive disabilities to spend their days and learn news skills while the family members who usually care for them are at work.
Clients at Our Place can participate in fun activities — do art or go bowling with staff from the center — and they also work on specific skills like money management or cooking. The center provides the sort of crucial support services that many people are concerned will no longer be offered if Republicans proceed with their planned cuts to Medicaid.
On this Monday morning the clients at Our Place are sharing their goals — big and small. One man wants to finish a mosaic he's working on, while a woman down the table says she hopes to go to the movies with a friend someday.
Danielle Wirsbinski reads from a long list.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Sara Stathas for NPR Sara Stathas for NPR
"To have a job, to do more volunteering, learn new skills, talk .... taking classes, go to school, to live on my own," she says.
Another group member, Eric S. (who asked that we not use his last name because he's not comfortable going public about his condition), describes the work he's doing to be able to live on his own someday.
"Learning how to cook with Justine. Justine teaches me how to shop," he says, referring to Justine Orr, a staffer who works with him at Our Place. "I learn how to clean with Justine and I did safety skills in the home."
"We help men and women become the men and women they were meant to be," says Donna Ellenbecker, director of Our Place.
But she's worried about the Republican plan to overhaul Medicaid.
All but one of her 33 clients pay for their classes and care at Our Place with Medicaid dollars. Wisconsin's Medicaid system includes a program called IRIS that grants people with disabilities a budget, based on their level of need, to use for services that help them live in the community.
The state's approach is part of a national trend in recent decades to move people with severe developmental disabilities out of institutional settings by providing the support they and their families need to live more independently – either with their families, in community-based group homes or even on their own.
"Many of our people are interested in having their own apartment someday, and are living with their parents now," Ellenbecker says. "They really need some help with the everyday skills of cooking and cleaning and doing the things that everyone else does to be able to live independently."
President Trump and Republicans in Congress want to restructure the way Medicaid is funded. Instead of paying for all the medical care and services beneficiaries need, the health care bill Republicans passed through the House last month would grant each state a fixed sum per beneficiary based on what the state has spent in the past.
That per-capita allowance would increase over time, but at a slower rate than health care costs generally rise. So the Congressional Budget Office estimates that Medicaid funding under the plan would be 25 percent less in 10 years than it would be under current law.
"We're no longer going to measure compassion by the number of programs or the number of people on those programs but by the number of people we got off those programs," White House Budget Director Mick Mulvaney said last month. "We're no longer going to measure compassion by the amount of money that we spend but by the number of people that we help."
While Medicaid is best known as a health care program for poor people, more than 80 percent of its budget goes to care for the elderly, children and people with disabilities, according to the Kaiser Family Foundation. Only 15 percent goes to health care for able-bodied adults, the people that Mulvaney was likely referring to in his remarks.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Sara Stathas for NPR Sara Stathas for NPR
The program has been growing in recent years and it now makes up almost 10 percent of federal spending. That's why it's the top target in President Trump's proposed budget, and figures prominently in the House Republican proposal to replace the Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare. Some estimates suggest the program could be cut by more than a trillion dollars over 10 years.
But some Republicans in the Senate, who are now hammering out their own plan to replace Obamacare, are hesitant to make such big cuts to services for the poor, elderly people and those with disabilities.
The people who come to Our Place each day aren't likely to be among those who can "get off" Medicaid. They're likely to need care and support services for their entire lives.
Ellenbecker describes how her program helps people engage in the community.
"We actually have a class that's a date," she says. "You know, 'how you go to the movies with a friend.' "
That everyday joy has a number of steps — you have to figure out transportation, money, movie times and simply how to choose a seat in a theater.
To navigate all that, the woman who'd listed going to a movie as one of her goals "would need somebody to come with her to help her with all of those things," Ellenbecker says, "because she doesn't have the skills to be able to do it independently right now."
Enlarge this image toggle caption Sara Stathas for NPR Sara Stathas for NPR
Other group members benefit from a job coach who can help them learn how to find and do a job, or keep one. Others need help managing money, cleaning their homes or getting to work. And other clients have even more basic needs, such as personal care and help with eating.
Ellenbecker worries that if the current Republican plan is passed, or the kinds of budget cuts Trump is proposing go through, the money for those support services just won't be there.
"It's a 25 percent cut you know, and a 25 percent cut it is going to affect these programs," she says. "There's no way that a 25 percent cut can come out of any other program — except long-term care."
That's because many support services are considered optional under the law that governs Medicaid. So, if state lawmakers are forced to choose between say, job coaches, and traditional medical care, the job coaching is likely to lose out.
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document.
.videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }
Police are investigating reports about a loud explosion in town this morning.
The Southington Police Department received multiple calls reporting the explosion at approximately 10:30 a.m. The reports came from the center of Southington, extending to the Wolcott and Cheshire town lines. A majority of the calls appeared to be concentrated in the southwest section of town.
Police dispatchers reported receiving between 30 and 40 calls at the time. The Southington Police Department and Southington Fire Department sent units to investigate, but they were unable to locate where the origin of the explosion.
There were no calls of power outages, property damage or calls of smoke in Southington associated with the explosion. Police checked with surrounding towns (Cheshire, Wolcott and Waterbury), and all communities reported similar complaints. Police dispatch also contacted local energy companies who reported no incidents that would have caused the explosion.
At this time the origin of the explosion is unknown.
Waterjet cutting is something that many makers lust after, but not many get to play with. Waterjet cutters, giant CNC controlled systems that use high pressure water and an abrasive to cut material, are typically large and quite expensive, so they are usually only found in industrial environments.
Last year, we saw people get very excited over the Wazer, a (relatively) tiny waterjet cutter that you could put in your shop. It looks like Omax, a manufacturer of waterjets, noticed the excitement too. They've just announced the protoMAX, a waterjet designed for makerspaces, schools, or anyone who wants to manufacture smaller projects.
With an operable cutting area of 12″x 12″ and a max cutting thickness of 1″, this would fit perfectly in a school. The whole thing is a self contained unit on wheels, with a protective plastic shield to avoid splatter or injury. They are currently pursuing UL certification. The unit should be shipping before the end of 2017. The price tag of $19,950 comes with everything you need to get started, even a laptop to control it all.
I asked them about special pricing or materials for schools and they explained that the pricing won't change, but that they will have special purchasing terms for educational institutions. They're also working on a curriculum to help educators get students up to speed.
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Romelu Lukaku says Alexis Sanchez was "destined" to play for Manchester United, and insists he'll do everything he can to help the club's newest star settle in.
Sanchez's move from Arsenal in exchange for Henrikh Mkhitaryan was one of the headline deals of the January transfer window, but he suffered a defeat on his Premier League debut for the club when he started with Lukaku in Wednesday's 2-0 defeat to Tottenham at Wembley.
And Lukaku - who was United's major summer arrival when he signed from Everton - says he's not worried about losing his place to the Chilean, and instead wants to help his settle into his new club.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: AFP)
"I work hard and do everything to make sure I am in the starting line-up," he told Sky Sports.
"It is the manager's choice [if I am picked], but he knows what I can do for the team - I score goals and give assists and I think in my short time here I have been important for the team.
"He [Sanchez] is a Manchester United player - he was destined to play here. He deserves to be on the big stage. It was something he wanted as well.
(Image: Manchester United)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
"He has a lot of experience after playing for Barcelona and Arsenal. I admire the quality he has on the ball, but especially his will to win. People were criticising him for being moody, but he is not like that. He is a just a winner."
Sanchez could make his home debut for United against Huddersfield on Saturday, and Lukaku has been speaking his language in a bid to help him settle in.
"I speak Spanish, so it is easy for me to communicate with him," he continued.
"He speaks good English as well. We always try to make a player feel comfortable, and he feels very comfortable here now. I think we will see the best of him."
The Supreme Court was assured by Gopal Subramanian, counsel for Karti Chidambaram, that he would not leave the country until the next hearing. Photo: Mint
New Delhi: The Supreme Court on Monday stayed until Friday a Madras high court order that had , in turn, stayed a look out circular issued against Karti Chidambaram and others in relation to a corruption case being investigated by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI).
“The look out notice was to ensure that he is present for investigation when needed and we want to ensure that this happens”, a bench headed by Chief Justice J.S. Khehar said.
The court was assured by Gopal Subramanian, counsel for Karti Chidambaram, son of former finance minister P. Chidambaram, that he would not leave the country until the next hearing.
The look out notice was issued on 16 June and prevented Karti Chidambaram from leaving the country so that he could be present to participate in the ongoing investigation against him.
On 10 August, the Madras high court ruled that the look out notices issued against Karti Chidambaram and four others were “unwarranted”.
Besides Karti Chidambaram, the notices had been issued against his associates C.B.N. Reddy, Ravi Viswanathan, Mohanan Rajesh and S. Bhaskararaman.
In his petition, Karti Chidambaram contended that the look out notice was part of the central government's political vendetta and issued arbitrarily and could not prevent him from travelling abroad.
The case being investigated is related to alleged irregularities in the Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB) clearance to media house INX Media for receiving overseas funds. The allegation is that Karti Chidambaram facilitated this, using the agency of his father.
Based on the 15 May first information report(FIR) lodged against him, Karti Chidambaram has also moved a quashing petition in the Madras high court, where a question of territorial jurisdiction over the criminal proceedings initiated has been raised.
The case will be heard next on 18 August.
ROANOKE, Va. - Looking for spring break ideas that will get you outdoors after a long, cold winter? Look no further than your nearest Virginia state park.
All 37 parks offer self-guided or ranger-led programs that will get you outdoors and enjoying the warmer weather.
You can rent GPS units, as well as backpacks stocked with binoculars and field guides, for geocaching, self-guided trails, scavenger hunts and other activities.
Many Virginia public libraries have nature backpacks available to check out. In addition to handy tools, each backpack includes a parking pass for free entrance to a state park.
From day trips to longer stays in a cabin or at a campground, Virginia's award-winning state parks offer more than 1,800 campsites and 300 cabins.
Visit Virginia State Parks' website for more information, or call the customer service center at 800-933-7275, Monday through Friday, 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
Canada Post issued its two semi-postal stamps in support of the Canada Post Community Foundation. From the purchase of every 10-stamp booklet, $1 goes to the Foundation. This year's release features a whimsical illustration of seven smiling cats.
Chosen for their curiosity and independence, these playful creatures are good mascots for strong children. StampNews.com encourages stamp collectors to support this initiative by purchasing these cute items.
The stamps were designed by internationally recognized Canadian art director and graphic designer Andrew Lewis, of Andrew Lewis Design, in green and pink. A $1 surcharge on each booklet is a direct donation to the Canada Post Community Foundation, which supports local and national non-profit groups that work to deliver a brighter future for Canada's children and youth.
“The Foundation exists to improve the lives of Canadian children by funding grassroots programs across the country that support their needs,” says Deepak Chopra, President and CEO of Canada Post.
Since it started in 2012, the Foundation has awarded more than $6 million to more than 550 projects. It supports registered charities, school programs and local initiatives focused on young people. Foundation grants have been used to introduce literacy and counselling programs, build playgrounds, launch help lines and mental health supports, start breakfast programs and more.
Reece Parke gives the middle finger as he is lead into the police station.
POLICE have withdrawn bestiality charges related to allegations two men interfered with a pig and killed chickens at a Nimbin permaculture farm last year.
Reece Parke and Bradley Presbury both appeared by video link from custody.
The men continue to face other serious offences such as torture, beating and causing the death of an animal.
The matter has been adjourned until April 24 to set a date for the hearing.
Neither man applied for bail which the magistrate said would be refused.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Violent clashes broke out in Liverpool city centre as police appeared to tackle unruly football fans prior to the Reds' Champions League semi-final first leg against Roma.
One man, presumably a police or security officer, appeared to throw another man to the ground before aiming kick at his backside as crowds dispersed following the fracas.
Reports on social media suggested the fans, many dressed in black, with hoods up, were Roma supporters.
The incident took place outside O'Neill's pub in Hanover Street, in the city centre.
Match Commander Chief Superintendent Dave Charnock, said before the match: "We are expecting a vibrant atmosphere at Tuesday's match, but our intention is that at the end of the day we will be talking about the game and what happened on the pitch as opposed to off the pitch."
Liverpool takes on the Serie A side in the first fixture of the last-four tie bidding for a place in next month's final in Kiev.
Some supporters came under fire after the Reds saw off Manchester City in the quarter-final when the visitors' team bus was targeted by home fans.
And there appeared to be more trouble before the Roma game with police being forced to intervene.
Liverpool are looking to take a lead back to Italy for next week's second leg as they battle for a final berth against either Real Madrid or Bayern Munich.
In an all-Premier League tie in the last round, Liverpool won the first leg 3-0 before running out 2-1 winners at the Etihad to dump English champions-elect City out of the tournament.
Liverpool are bidding for a sixth European crown and their first since dramatically beating AC Milan in Istanbul 13 years ago.
A Merseyside police spokesperson said: “Merseyside Police has received a video clip taken during a disturbance in the city centre this evening (Tuesday, 24 April 2018) prior to the Liverpool V Roma semi-final.
"The footage, along with other evidence, will be reviewed to ascertain the circumstances leading up to this incident.”
Husband found 'cheating on wife' attacked by her family
Russian military puts on another show of force as
Wife marches her naked husband down the street af
How to cheat with Netflix
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A cheating husband faced the full force of his wife's family after they allegedly caught him in bed with another woman.
Footage shows several of the wife's family members punch and kick the apparent philanderer as his lover cowers on the bed.
In the bizarre clip, posted to YouTube , the woman is seen wearing nothing but a stripy top, which she repeatedly yanks down to try to hide her modesty among the chaos.
The husband then appears behind his mistress and tries to grab something to cover himself up as he smacks his head against a light.
One of the mob then leaps onto the bed and launches himself at him foot first - kicking him square in the chest, before another of the group runs over and kicks him as well.
One woman then yanks at the woman's top, before an older lady wearing a yellow top races over and shouts in her face.
She then grabs her top and pulls it up over her head - leaving her completely naked in front of the baying crowd.
The footage was shared on Chinese social media site Weibo in April last year, where it has already been viewed 400 million times.
It has blown-up again this week after being posted on YouTube.
The video emerged after footage of a furious wife frogmarching her love rival naked through the streets was posted online.
The woman had allegedly caught her in bed with her husband after following him to a friend's apartment.
She then burst in on him romping with the younger 20-year-old brunette.
She pounced on the defenceless girl before slashing her hair with a razor and tearing off her clothes.
The scorned woman then drags the girl by the head into the street outside while her two teenage sons, aged 16 and 18, and two of their pals howl to attract attention in Cubatao, São Paulo, Brazil.
'I Want To Serve': Air Force Applicant Takes On President Trump's Transgender Ban
Enlarge this image toggle caption Martha Bebinger/WBUR Martha Bebinger/WBUR
Most weekday mornings, after feeding the chickens, goat and cows, Nicolas Talbott drives through the rolling hills of Columbiana County in eastern Ohio to one of the schools where he's a substitute teacher. It was a busy winter — lots of teachers out with the flu. And while Talbott enjoys teaching, he hopes to move on soon, to a career in the U.S. Air Force working on global security.
"I want to serve my country, I want to serve the people in this country and I want to serve the Constitution of the United States," Talbott says, "no matter who is in office in our government."
But Talbott, a 24-year-old transgender Kent State Graduate, is facing a roadblock from the man in the nation's highest office. President Trump wants to effectively ban transgender individuals from serving in the armed forces. For now, federal courts have put a hold on Trump's virtual ban, and ordered the military to accept transgender applicants while four federal lawsuits proceed. Talbott is a plaintiff in one of those suits.
"There's nothing about being transgender that makes you any less capable than anybody else of military service," says Talbott.
Courts ruled late last year that the Trump administration must allow Talbott and other potential recruits to enlist while the lawsuits proceed. Talbott spoke to several recruiters more than a year ago. Several seemed unsure about working with him. Then he called an Air Force recruiter and the two clicked. That recruiter is the main reason Talbott is trying to enlist in the Air National Guard.
"He was the one who said, 'wow, this is awesome, I really want to learn about this so that I can help other folks in the future,'" Talbott says, recalling that first conversation. "That's the kind of attitude, that's what I would expect from the military, that attitude of hey, this is new challenge for me, let's face it head on."
Talbott has filed piles of documents including letters from a counselor and doctors that show his gender transition has been stable for at least 18 consecutive months. That's one of the requirements the military is using when processing current applicants who are transgender.
"I've been seeing the same doctor for about five years now — I definitely made that 18 months," Talbott says.
Now, Talbott studies and works out daily while he waits to be called in for a physical exam and the entry vocational aptitude test. He says he can hit the minimum male boot camp standards for running, push-ups, and sit-ups. The testosterone Talbott takes is helping him close differences in muscle mass and bone density as compared to non-trans men. He's aiming for the top performance tier.
"That's what military readiness is really about. Are you able to put on that uniform and do your job to the best of your ability every day?" says Talbott. "That's what it's about. It's not about what you look like under that uniform."
Are you able to put on that uniform and do your job to the best of your ability every day? That's what it's about. It's not about what you look like under that uniform.
Recommendations signed by Defense Secretary James Mattis and presented to President Trump disagree.
"The Department of Defense concludes that there are substantial risks associated with allowing the accession and retention of individuals with a history or diagnosis of gender dysphoria and require, or have already undertaken, a course of treatment to change their gender," wrote Mattis in a memorandum dated February 22. He goes on to say that including service members who are or have been diagnosed with gender dysphoria, the medical condition for someone who transitions, "could undermine readiness, disrupt unit cohesion, and impose an unreasonable burden on the military that is not conducive to military effectiveness and lethality."
Some other transgender men and women are putting off or abandoning efforts to join the military as the political and legal fights drag on.
Both Mattis and a Pentagon spokeswoman have declined further comment about those recommendations because they are part of pending litigation. To Talbott's buddy, James Napierkowski, 22, that sounds like the same claim once used to keep women and openly gay service members out.
"Both times it's proved to be not disruptive at all and only bring in more qualified people into the military who want to help and can help," says Napierkowski, a senior airman with the Ohio National Guard.
Napierkowski, speaking for himself, says the military will need to bring transgender troops into service slowly so that active service members can get to know men and women like Talbott.
"But once they [current troops] realize that they [transgender service members] are just people like everyone else, it'll be just fine and be very beneficial," Napierkowski says.
Talbott says he realizes he'll be under a spotlight, answering lots of questions about being transgender.
"There are going to be situations where it's going to very obvious that I'm trans, you know, in the showers and that sort of thing," Talbott says. But he says he focuses on his "purpose" — "to put on my uniform and do my job."
The two friends, roughly the same medium height and lean-muscled build, both with short, cropped hair, trade tips on running and video games. When Talbott gets discouraged, Napierkowski stops by to offer a pep talk.
"Til things get sorted out, one way or another, just keep pushing and eventually you'll break through, hopefully," says Napierkowski, in between bites of donuts on a Sunday afternoon.
"Until then I'm just going to keep living vicariously through you," Talbott laughs.
"I'll take lots of pictures and videos," Napierkowski says.
Talbott says he has broad support from other friends in the military, former teachers and his family. His grandmother Rhoda Dineen may be Talbott's biggest fan. Her three brothers served. Dineen, 71, can't understand why President Trump doesn't want her grandson.
"And he's wasting time because eventually it will be," Dineen says, "so why not let the good guys in while they're young."
Jennifer Levi who is arguing Talbott's case on behalf of GLBTQ Legal Advocates & Defenders, says she understands the caution, but believes in the strength of the case against the ban.
"The preliminary decisions that have been issued now in four cases really support that confidence," Levi says.
More motions are due in Talbott's case, before the federal district court in central California Wednesday.
Mumbai: Veteran actor Paresh Rawal, who turned a year older on Wednesday, is all set to essay the role of the late Sunil Dutt in the film "Sanju", a biopic of Sanjay Dutt. He feels he was destined to play the role.
He says he had once received a letter on his birthday, and it was penned by Sunil Dutt, father of actor Sanjay Dutt on whose life the Rajkumar Hirani directorial is based.
Paresh said in a statement: "There is a very special connection of Sunil Dutt with me. Back in 2005 on the May 25, I was doing some patchwork in Mumbai for 'Deewane Huye Paagal', I went to a hotel as I landed from the US to make a call to my home when my wife Swaroop said Dutt saab had sent me a letter. I asked 'Whose?' She said, 'Sunil Dutt saab'.
"I was like, 'Why would he write a letter to me?'. She said, 'For your birthday'. I said my birthday is on May 30, why would he write a letter five days before. Straight cut to January 2, 2017, when I was at the narration of 'Sanju' at Rajkumar Hirani's house, I got a call from Swaroop asking me what to do of the letter of Dutt saab in the drawer... amazing connection.
"I asked her if the letter was still there? Earlier you would get birthday letters, which you would eventually clear. However, for over 12 years, the letter stayed in my drawer. This is the connection... I think I was destined to play Sunil Dutt."
Hirani had earlier said "Sanju" will give the audience an insight into warm bond shared by the father and son.
"Sanju" showcases the highs and lows of Sanjay's life. Ranbir Kapoor leads the cast as Sanjay, and he has an ensemble of actors like Paresh Rawal, Manisha Koirala, Vicky Kaushal, Sonam Kapoor and Dia Mirza amongst others in key roles.
Produced by Vinod Chopra Films and Rajkumar Hirani Films in association with Fox Star Studios, "Sanju" will release on June 29.
Several Months ago on Mar. 20, Mosaique restaurant had it's grand opening after nearly a two-year wait since the beginning of Donaghey Hall's construction. Unfortunately on Tuesday Dec. 5th the Bistro closed down.
According to the cabin.net website, the owners said they have been struggling like other restaurants and after reviewing their metrics they decided it would be in their best interest to close down now rather than later.
Mosaique was an independent restaurant, owned by Conway locals Johnny Ho and Alex Tyler and managed by Haley Shelton. They served an American-Style eatery that included a fully-stocked bar and the menu prices varied from $6 grilled cheese sandwiches to $38 lobster tails.
According to the Manager Haley Shelton, the restaurant was never fully developed as a concept and experienced multiple idea changes and menu modifications.
For more information visit their Facebook page @mosaiquebistro
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Manchester United are in advanced talks to bring 18-year-old Ajax winger Justin Kluivert to Old Trafford in the summer.
Manager Jose Mourinho has known the teenager since he was a little boy, when he would come to Barcelona with his dad, Dutch star Patrick .
In those days Mourinho was a coach at the Nou Camp and has taken a special interest in Kluivert junior's development.
He had words of comfort for the youngster in the immediate aftermath of United's Europa Cup final win against Ajax.
(Image: Getty Images)
(Image: Reuters)
Now it is believed United are ready to agree a fee of around £10million with various add-ons for the Dutch Under-21 ace.
He is excited at the prospect of moving to the Premier League, with United ready to tie up the deal at the end of the season.
Kluivert made his debut for Ajax as a 17-year-old and has already appeared for in the first team on 29 occasions.
Usually deployed on his preferred left wing, Kluivert has scored seven goals for the Dutch giants, including a scintillating hat-trick against Roda JC earlier this season.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
In the summer of 1977, NASA launched the Voyager 1 and 2 space probes. Their original 5-year mission was to study Jupiter and Saturn. Voyager 2 was actually launched 2 weeks before Voyager 1, but arrived at Jupiter after Voyager 1. Both probes are still functioning today after more than 40 years.
Episode aired Friday, Oct. 6th and Wednesday, Oct. 11th, 2017
In addition to the original mission, NASA knew that there was a unique opportunity, if the instruments on the probes were still functioning after Jupiter and Saturn flybys. With proper launch timing and trajectory, the probes could not only study Jupiter and Saturn, but also Uranus and Neptune, without any increase in the amount of fuel needed. The configuration of the planets allowing this occurs once every 176 years. NASA decided to send only Voyager 2 on this path, while sending Voyager 1 on a faster path to Jupiter and Saturn.
Between the two probes, they visited and collected data on 4 planets and 48 moons. Voyager 2 is still the only man-made object to fly-by all four of the gas giant planets.
Following these solar system studies, NASA added the Voyager Interstellar Mission objective to both probes. The probes were sent on differing trajectories that would eventually carry both outside the solar system.
On August 25, 2012, Voyager 1 passed beyond the heliosphere and entered interstellar space. The heliosphere is the outer edge of the Sun's magnetic field and solar wind. It is far beyond the orbit of Pluto.
Both probes carry the Golden Record. This is a phonograph record made of gold-plated copper for longevity; it contains a wide variety of information on Earth and humanity. A playback stylus is also included. Along with the phonograph grooves, the record is engraved with symbols that are intended to help extraterrestrial civilizations determine how to play the record, as well as understand humanity. The Golden Record is expected to be useable for millions of years.
NASA estimates that both probes will be able to send data back to Earth until at least 2020. After that, they will continue their trajectories carrying them further as Ambassadors to our Milky Way Galaxy.
You've been listening to Western Slope Skies, produced by members of the Black Canyon Astronomical Society. This episode was written and recorded by Bryan Cashion.
Asian markets little changed on Tuesday. Photo: Hindustan Times
Asian stocks little changed in morning trade
Asian markets opened subdued. According to Bloomberg, market participants are awaiting the US and European central bank meetings this week for further clues. Overnight, the US stocks closed with modest gains. S&P 500 at 2,659 points is up 0.3%.
Tata Communications's 15-year wait to spin off land assets nears end
Tata Communications Ltd will soon hive its property holdings into a separate company, which will subsequently be listed, capping 15-year effort of the firm, reports Bloomberg.
Eight Capital, Centrum eye stake in Hindustan Dorr-Oliver
Eight Capital Groups and Centrum Capital Ltd are in a race to pick up a majority stake in Hindustan Dorr-Oliver Ltd, which is currently facing corporate insolvency proceedings. Read more
EIH's Oberoi hotel in Delhi to reopen
EIH Ltd's The Oberoi hotel in Delhi is set to welcome guests after renovation, reports Business Standard. According to the report, the company is estimated to have spent approximately Rs600 crore on renovation.
Canara Bank plans to hire bankers for up to Rs3,500 crore QIP
State-owned Canara Bank Ltd plans to raise capital by selling shares and is looking to hire merchant bankers for the same, reports Mint. The bank is planning to raise up to Rs3,500 crore through qualified institutional placement (QIP).
November consumer inflation data today
India's retail inflation likely breached the central bank's 4% medium-term target in November after unseasonably heavy rains sent food prices soaring, a Reuters poll showed. The consumer retail inflation data due to be released on Tuesday is seen rising to 4.2% in November, the report adds.
A couple of glasses a day to relax really does help clear the mind, a new study found.
The tipple not only help keeps down inflammation but helps flush the brain of toxins, including those associated with Alzheimer's disease and dementia.
Lead author Dr Maiken Nedergaard, co-director of the Centre for Translational Neuromedicine said: “Prolonged intake of excessive amounts of ethanol is known to have adverse effects on the central nervous system.
“However, in this study we have shown for the first time that low doses of alcohol are potentially beneficial to brain health, namely it improves the brain's ability to remove waste.”
The new study adds to a growing body of research that daily low amounts of alcohol is good for you.
While excessive drinking is harmful, many studies have linked lower levels of drinking with a reduced risk of cardiovascular diseases as well as a number of cancers.
Dr Nedergaard's research focused on the glymphatic system, the brain's unique cleaning process first described by her and her colleagues in 2012.
They showed how cerebral spinal fluid (CSF) is pumped into brain tissue and flushes away waste, including the proteins beta amyloid and tau associated with Alzheimer's disease and other forms of dementia.
Subsequent research showed the glymphatic system was more active while we slept, can be damaged by stroke and trauma, and improves with exercise.
The new study looked at the impact of both acute and chronic alcohol exposure.
The study by University of Rochester Medical Centre was conducted in mice who drank the equivalent of two-and-a-half drinks of wine a day.
The NHS recommends men and women not to drink more than 14 units a week on a regular basis with one unit equal to 10ml or 8g of pure alcohol.
A standard 175ml glass of 12 per cent red, white or rose wine has 2.1 units.
The mice were given received low, intermediate, and high doses of alcohol at 0.5, 1.5 and 4g/kg. When they studied the brains of animals exposed to high levels of alcohol over a long period of time, they observed high levels of a molecular marker for inflammation, particularly in cells called astrocytes which are key regulators of the glymphatic system.
They also noted impairment of the animal's cognitive abilities and motor skills.
Yet mice exposed to low levels of alcohol consumption, analogous to approximately two-and-a-half drinks per day, actually showed less inflammation in the brain. Their glymphatic system was also more efficient in moving CSF through the brain and removing waste, compared to control “teetotal” mice.
Yet mice who drank low amounts also performed identically to the “teetotal” mice in cognitive and motor test.
Dr Nedergaard said: “We here investigated the effect of acute and chronic alcohol treatments on glymphatic function in mice, finding that acute alcohol intake potently alters glymphatic function in the awake state depending on the dosage.
“Intermediate dose alcohol exposure (1.5 g/kg), corresponding to 7.9 standard daily drinks (NIH definition; 12-ounce beers containing 5% alcohol, or 5-ounce glasses of wine containing 12% alcohol for a person weighing 70 kg), decreased glymphatic function following both acute and 30 days of chronic exposure. “The suppression of glymphatic function was however not permanent, because glymphatic function was restored at 24 hours after termination of chronic moderate alcohol administration.
“A very high dose of alcohol (4 g/kg), corresponding to 21 standard drinks per day, also to acutely reduce glymphatic function.
“Unexpectedly, however, the low dose of alcohol (0.5 g/kg) significantly improved glymphatic activity, acutely and after 30 days of chronic exposure.”
Dr Nedergaard added: “The data on the effects of alcohol on the glymphatic system seemingly matches the J-shaped model relating to the dose effects of alcohol on general health and mortality, whereby low doses of alcohol are beneficial, while excessive consumption is detrimental to overall health.
“Studies have shown that low-to-moderate alcohol intake is associated with a lesser risk of dementia, while heavy drinking for many years confers an increased risk of cognitive decline.
“This study may help explain why this occurs. Specifically, low doses of alcohol appear to improve overall brain health.
“In conclusion, the main finding of this study is that a low dose of ethanol, comparable to 2.6 daily drink equivalents (for a 70kg person) per day, increases glymphatic function in mice, which is expected to facilitate clearance of metabolic waste and potentially toxic proteins from the interstitial fluid.”
The study was published in the journal Scientific Reports.
Another airline had an issue with animal transport this weekend. Delta Air Lines temporarily lost a puppy who was being shipped to his forever home in Boise, Idaho.The Virginia-based breeder placed two puppies on a Delta flight to Boise on Saturday. When the puppies' adopters arrived to pick up their new furry family members, only one of the puppies made the trip.The other pup was bounced to "either LA or Las Vegas" before arriving at its final destination. He is healthy and now in the hands of his new owners.Delta apologized and issued refunds to both families.
By The Associated Press
PHOENIX (AP) — The Arizona Diamondbacks have put outfielder David Peralta on the paternity leave list after the birth of his first child.
Arizona also recalled right-hander J.J. Hoover from Triple-A Reno on Monday.
Peralta turned 30 on Monday and became a father when his wife, Jordan, gave birth to a girl named Sofia.
Peralta is hitting .303 with 12 homers and 41 RBIs in 103 games this season.
Hoover, who turned 30 on Sunday, is 1-1 with a 4.82 ERA and 40 strikeouts in 36 appearances with the Diamondbacks this season. He had a 1.13 ERA with eight strikeouts in six games with Reno.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
An Athens High School football player was carried from the field during a game Friday night.
About 8:20 p.m. the player was transported off the field via stretcher during a game between the Athens Hornets and the Van Vandals. Emergency officials responded to the scene and an ambulance was seen at the stadium.
It is unclear if the player was transported to a hospital or the extent of their injuries. Details are limited at this time.
Copyright 2017 KLTV. All rights reserved.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Claudio Ranieri has claimed he has never re-watched any film of Leicester's title win or the celebrations.
The Italian took the Foxes to the Premier League title in 2016 but was sacked in Febuary. Ranieri, now 65, took over at French club Nantes in June.
But he said he is never allowed to forget the miracle of Leicester's title triumph.
“I realise it because I am recognised a lot more – people everywhere from Japan to New Zealand have congratulated me,” Ranieri claimed. “It really pleases me. But me, I don't think about it. I have never watched images of the title win or the party.”
(Image: Getty)
(Image: Michael Regan)
Asked if thought he had been sacked by his players, the Italian told L'Equipe: “No, by results. I don't believe this story. And even if it were true, it would not be my problem, it would be the player's problem. If they did that, and I don't believe it, it is a problem for them, because me, when I had a problem with a coach, I would go and speak to his face. At Leicester, no-one ever came to tell me anything.”
After losing his first two games back in Ligue 1, the former Monaco coach has seen Nantes go unbeaten in six games – including four straight wins – to climb up to fourth place.
(Image: Shaun Botterill)
“For me, it is important to have a job,” he said. “I have offers from England but I chose to come to France. I think that after Leicester, the best thing was to make a break from the Premier League and change country. The big clubs did not change coach, everyone stayed. It is not as if there were four changes and I was left out.”
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Ranieri has tightened up the defence with Nantes conceding only one goal in the last six games. “The president hired an Italian – he knew what to expect!” he joked. “I am joking. I try to make do with the players I have. At Monaco, we attacked, we scored lots of goals, because I had that type of player. Here, I have other players so I do what is right for the team.
“I always say: 'First of all, let's close the front door. If you do not close the door, burglars will come in and steal everything. Once it is shut, you can decorate and organise as you wish'.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Get ready to enjoy a classic dad taking on a bad case of vertigo.
The terrified father can be seen crawling to the edge of a plunging 100m drop at Dún Aonghasa on Inis Mór in Galway, Ireland.
With the Atlantic sea crashing below him, the man's emotions are all but visible – an amusing mixture of fear and excitement. As he nears the edge, he bursts into laughter.
"Above the Atlantic Ocean, on Inis Mor island, he made it across on the ferry," a female voice can be heard in the background. "And for his final test..."
(Image: JUKIN)
As the brave dad reaches what could well be the edge of the world, while the woman encourages him further, he declares that he's "afraid", puts his hands on the edge, and looks down. ..
"You have to hold it for five seconds", the female voice says. The dad does well, but does he manage the five seconds?
Dún Aonghasa is the most famous of several prehistoric hill forts on the Aran Islands in County Galway, Ireland. It's a rugged landscape of cliffs and rolling waves.
On YouTube, the footage is racking up views. Lots of people are congratulating the man for at least partly conquering his demons.
One user wrote: "You rock star! I am so impressed! You two are amazing. It was fun to watch and listen. I completely relate! Why does it feel I might accidentally hurl myself over the edge as if I have no control over myself?!? That's what really makes me afraid of heights."
And TheAweGuy wrote: "I feel weakness in my legs when looking over about 5 metres".
× On the Future of the Air Show
WILKES-BARRE/SCRANTON INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT — Big crowds turned out on the weekend for the return of the Northeastern Pennsylvania Air Show, but with the big crowds came traffic troubles and parking problems.
Airport leaders tell Newswatch 16 they don't know if the air show will be held again next year, but they are looking into ways they can improve the event if they do choose to hold it again.
The airport's director Carl Beardsley says it is too soon to tell. He says it takes about a year's worth of planning to get the show together.
Either way, he and the airport board are going to look into ways to improve the event if it is held again.
“When you have a large-scale event like something like this, like an air show, you always see, maybe it's traffic, maybe it's parking, you always see ways you want to improve,” said Beardsley.
For many who came to the air show on Sunday, getting on the airport grounds was half the battle.
Several people say traffic was backed up all the way to the interstate. Trying to get to the show parking was also an issue.
Beardsley says he and the board will look into ways to improve traffic.
“It's more complicated. Things like parking and traffic that we're really going to be studying, you really have to look at exactly how people came in, how people got to the parking area.”
Airport officials will also look into smaller fixes, like adding more food vendors and more bathrooms to the event.
All in all, everyone is pleased by the turnout for the show.
“There were so many smiles in the crowd. You'd see families together; they're having a good time. That's what this was all about,” Beardsley said.
Final numbers for how many people attended the air show have not been released yet. The goal was 15,000 and airport officials say they believe they exceeded that goal.
GoDaddy says post criticisng woman who died in Charlottesville protests broke the terms of its service
Web hosting provider GoDaddy has withdrwan services to a far right website which published an article criticising a woman who died during protests in the US this weekend.
The company said the article violated its terms and conditions and has told the Daily Stormer, the self-proclaimed ‘World's Most Genocidal Republican Website' to find a new provider.
“We informed the Daily Stormer that they have 24 hours to move the domain to another provider, as they have violated our terms of service,” GoDaddy said on Twitter.
GoDaddy domain
Heather Hayer was killed when a car drove into a group of counter-protesters in Charlottesville, Virginia, where white supremacists were also demonstrating. Nineteen other people were injured and James Alex Fields has since been charged with second degree murder.
An article on The Daily Stormer criticised Hayer and made a series of disparaging remarks. The site claimed it had been hacked by Anonymous, but the group said there is no evidence to suggest any of its members did such a thing.
What is your biggest cybersecurity concern? Ransomware
Humans / Social Engineering
Out of date tools
DDoS
State sponsored hackers
Malware
Other View Results
Loading ... Loading ...
GoDaddy has been praised for its actions, but many have also pointed out there have been a number of previous calls for it to withdraw its services.
Airbnb has also taken action against some of its far right users, with some banned because they planned to use the site to find accommodation for this weekend's rallies.
Quiz: Do you know all about security?
Opinion: What Zora Neale Hurston's Best-Seller Taught This African About Slavery
Enlarge this image toggle caption Leslie Mwinnyaa
July Fourth is a day when America celebrates its independence.
But this July Fourth, I am reflecting on another part of the American experience — the enslavement of my fellow Africans. That's because I have just finished reading Barracoon, the book in which Zora Neale Hurston presents the story of Cudjo Lewis, who was on the last ship that brought slaves across the Atlantic. It took 60 years for her book to be published. Now it is a best-seller.
I was born and grew up in Ghana. I have long had many questions about slavery. Barracoon answers some of those questions — but not all of them.
In Ghana, the memories of the slave trade haunt two white buildings in the towns of Elmina and Cape Coast. They look like castles by the sea. But these centuries-old structures have a horrific history. Africans were held as captives in their dungeons before being sent across the ocean to a life of slavery.
I visited the castles for the first time six years ago, when I was 24. I walked through narrow passages to the "door of no return." I wondered how many of my fellow Africans passed through. I imagined them in their cells, in chains, scratching on the walls, searching for hope when none existed, crying and never being heard.
toggle caption Leslie Mwinnyaa
I wanted to hear their experience in their own words. And that is the genius of Barracoon. The voice of Lewis — whom Hurston calls by his African name of Kossula — rings out loud and clear.
For many readers, the book is a window into the past. For me, the book is a self-discovery as well.
There are so many stories I heard about slavery when I was growing up — stories that created an impression of Africa as a primitive place. Now I understand that this damaging image of Africa, which still exists today, is rooted in the lies told about slaves.
As a child, I heard that people in Africa once did not wear clothes. But Kossula has a different story to tell. Before he and other Africans got on the slave ship they were stripped of their clothes, he says. So when they arrived in the United States people called them naked savages. In his own words he stated "de Many-costs [a nickname referring to porters/servants of slave traders] snatch our country cloth off us. We try save our clothes, we ain' used to be without no clothes on. But dey snatch all off us.
"We come in de 'Merica soil naked and de people say we naked savages."
I always wondered how these slaves remembered the Africa they left behind. In the book, I came to see their passion and love for Africa. Kossula expressed how much he and the other slaves desired to go back to their African home, how badly they cried and wished for that home: "We are very sorry to be parted from one 'nother. We cry for home. We took away from our people."
On April 12, 1865 when the Yankee soldiers told Kossula and other slaves that they were free, the first thing they did was plan how to get back to Africa. They thought their masters were going to send them back home and their responsibility was to buy the ticket. So they started advising each other on how to work hard and save for the trip. Kossula stated: "We meet together and we talk. We say we from cross de water so we go back where we come from. So we say ... now we work for money and gittee in de ship and go back to our country. We think Cap'n Meaher and Cap'n Foster dey ought to take us back home. But we think we save money and buy de ticket ourselves."
Barracoon has shown me that I am a descendant of people with resilience, people who could survive extreme maltreatment and atrocities.
Kossula stated that on the ship "Dey doan give us much to eat. Me so thirst! Dey give us a little bit of water twice a day .... De water taste sour."
Having gone through slavery and having lost his wife and all his children, some through brutal killings, Kossula at the end of one of his stories to Hurtson stated "Poor Cudjoe, I no lookee back. I presssee forward."
The Western World has long exploited the natural resources of Africa — such as gold, bauxite, cocoa, oil and diamonds. Barracoon is a reminder that the most devastating exploitation of Africa was the taking away of my great ancestors — strong, resilient, passionate people who truly loved and cared about Africa, young men and women who would have led Africa to great heights.
There are some questions that the book does not answer.
Why did this happen to Africans? I remember asking that question when I visited the slave castle.
How could there be a church in the middle of the castle, not far from the slave cells. How could any God-fearing person treat another being so inhumanely and then go to worship and pray? This just does not make sense to me.
toggle caption Leslie Mwinnyaa
I am also struck by an irony. Slaves and the descendants of slaves yearned to go back home, yet today Africans are yearning to leave home. African youth are dying in the Mediterranean Sea every day. Many young men and women, including my own friends, cross the Sahara Desert, sometimes on foot, to Libya. They work for several years, saving every penny to make the deadly journey to Europe. They try to cross the ocean, where many of them have been swallowed up by the waters.
All they want is a chance to earn a good living.
I understand that. In Ghana, I did not score high enough on my final exams from high school to qualify for admission to the public universities. Then I met and married a Peace Corps volunteer and moved to the United States. I was able to start classes at a community college and eventually applied for a scholarship that gave me the chance to study public health at Johns Hopkins University. I earned my Bachelor of Arts in 2017. This coming August, I will graduate with my master's degree.
In my new life in the United States, I do long for Ghana, just as Kossula longed for Africa. But unlike Kossula, I came here of my own free will and have the opportunity to go back home whenever I want to.
If I could ask Kossula one question, I would want to know: What were his hopes and dreams in Africa before he was captured? If we knew that, perhaps Africans would have more hope in a brighter future for Africa today.
George Mwinnyaa, who grew up in Ghana, lives in Baltimore with his wife and two sons and is finishing up a master's program at the Bloomberg School of Public Health.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The dacha is in an idyllic rural ­setting, nestling serenely amid a pine forest 60 miles from Moscow.
But one thing sets an ominous tone – its 10ft security fence. Inside lives a man who knows exactly who he wants to speak to, and who he doesn't.
For this is the retreat of the traitor responsible for the deaths of more than 40 of MI6 's finest – Britain's most ­notorious double agent George Blake .
Recently he has had a lot to say about why he hates the West.
However, when we tracked him down, the man branded a “traitor” in our 1961 front page, was less keen to speak.
Now 95, many might have assumed he died years ago. But the spy who betrayed so many is not only still alive, he's issuing a new call to arms against the West.
(Image: Polaris / eyevine)
Just two months ago, in an extra­ordinary outburst to young recruits working for Russia's Foreign Intelligence Service, he said: “There is a real war going on between good and evil.
“I believe you will serve our common cause selflessly and courageously.”
Railing against an unnamed foe, be­­­lieved to be the West or the US, he added that intelligence officers were battling a “devious enemy, the possibility of whose final defeat gives me energy to live”.
He went on: “Your mission will be a difficult one – to save the planet when its destruction in nuclear war has again become a possibility due to irresponsible politicians and where ter­­rorism leaves its bloody traces everywhere.”
His words, released in a statement, show none of his hatred has abated.
We found his retreat is down a dirt track an hour-and-a-half's drive from the Russian capital. He lives with second wife Ida in the fenced property, surrounded by tall fir trees, as a guest of the Russian authorities.
It's a quiet, exclusive neighbourhood and Blake is never disturbed.
With fellow Mirrorman Ian Vogler, I pressed the intercom. No reply. Several more tries were no more effective. Not a curtain twitched, not a sound from the other side of the fence.
(Image: DAILY MIRROR)
The old traitor was there for sure. But today he was answering no questions.
Meanwhile, local residents had no idea the most famous living spy was in their midst. Vitally Natko said: “George Blake lives here? Wow! I didn't know. He is still a big name in Russia. I saw the statement he released recently but I had no idea he was a neighbour.”
It was in this now-infamous statement to young Russian spies that Blake recalled the precise moment he decided to become a double agent.
He said that after seeing civilians killed by “the US military machine” during the Korean War he became committed to work for the Soviets.
(Image: DAILY MIRROR)
He added: “I realised back then that such conflicts are deadly dangerous for the entire humankind and made the most important decision in my life to help protect peace in the world.”
That was the turning point that made Blake's story one of the most shocking in British military history.
Born in Holland in 1922, his mother was Dutch and his Egyptian father Albert Behar was a British subject.
Schooled in Cairo, he was back in Rotterdam when the Second World War broke out.
He joined the resistance as a courier and arrived in London in 1943.
Changing his name to Blake, he joined the Navy and with his language skills was soon recruited by MI6. After the war he was posted to South Korea to gather intelligence on the North.
When the war broke out in 1950 the Communists stormed Seoul, where Blake was stationed. Over the next three years as a PoW he read Karl Marx and decided to make it his life's work to help his captors.
With his treachery yet unknown, he was afforded a hero's welcome when he returned to Britain in 1953 and soon rose to become one of MI6's most senior and respected men.
But in 1955 he got his big chance. He was sent to Berlin to recruit Russian agents. And once a month he would visit the city's Soviet-controlled sector to hand over our most-prized secrets. In 1961 MI6 became suspicious and ordered him home. Blake freely admitted his activities and in May that year the Old Bailey heard how he had given the KGB details of hundreds of Western secret agents.
More than 40 are believed to have been killed. He was sentenced to 42 years – at the time the most severe sen­­tence in UK history.
But this was just the start of Blake's story...
(Image: Getty)
In Wormwood Scrubs, with CND campaigners Michael Randle and Pat Pottle, and petty criminal Sean Bourke, he planned one of the most audacious escapes ever. On October 22, 1966, after the trio's release, Blake clambered through a broken win­­­­dow and scaled the wall with a rope ladder made of knitting needles.
Blake was then smuggled across the Channel in a cam­­­­­­per van.
Back behind the Iron Curtain he became a hero and enjoyed ­barbecues and Martinis at his dacha with fellow traitors Kim Philby and Donald Maclean .
They are now dead. So are fellow spies Anthony Blunt and Guy Burgess . But Blake still works for the “service”. In his last interview, in 2012, he said he had acclimatised well to the country, “like a “for­­eign car that adapted well to Russian roads”.
(Image: PA)
He is still a national hero. In 2007 Vladmir Putin awarded him the Order of Friendship and he holds the rank of lieutenant colonel in the former KGB.
Secret police chief Sergei Naryshkin even praised him for “pro­­tecting the ideals of humanism and justice”.
But Blake also seems extremely keen on protecting his own privacy and hiding away from the world.
He famously said he never felt British, adding: “To betray, you first have to belong. I never belonged.”
He has always said he has no reg­­rets. And to this day, old and sick and with fading eyesight, he still has none.
