5 takeaways from India's ODI and T20 squad for the Sri Lanka series
From Yuvraj's omission to Shardul's inclusion, the Indian squad has a few talking points.
by Chaitanya Halgekar Top 5 / Top 10 14 Aug 2017, 23:38 IST
Rohit Sharma has been named as India's vice-captain
BCCI announced India's 15 member squad for the upcoming ODI and T20 series against Sri Lanka on 13th August. The series includes five ODI matches and one T20 game.
The selectors have made major changes in the ODI line-up and have picked the team eyeing the 2019 World Cup.
The squad features some high profile omissions and also has some interesting selections. We look at the top five takeaways India's ODI selection
#5 Rohit Sharma returns, named as the vice-captain
In Virat Kohli, India have found a long-term leader. Considering Kohli's staggering consistency, he is sure to lead India for an extended duration. The issue India are facing is of the vice-captain of the team who will handle the reins of the team during Kohli's absence.
In the past, the selectors choose Ajinkya Rahane for this job, but currently, the Mumbai batsman's place in the team is in question and hence he isn't the ideal candidate for the post of vice-captain.
By naming Rohit Sharma as the vice-captain, the selectors have settled this issue. The right-hand batsman has led Mumbai Indians pretty well in the IPL and his batting at the top of the order in the last couple of years has been consistent.
This also makes it clear that Rohit's place in the ODI team is secure and he will directly walk into the playing XI after being out of action for some months due to injuries.
GEELONG captain Joel Selwood has been cleared of striking Lindsay Thomas, who himself was hit with a three-game suspension for bumping Cats midfielder Scott Selwood.
Selwood struck down his striking charge in one fell swoop, arguing two points but eventually requiring neither.
The AFL Tribunal deemed Selwood not guilty of striking Thomas following a heated and colourful hearing.
The verdict eradicated any need to consider the Cats skipper's challenge to the grading of intentional and that impact was low.
Selwood, 29, said he set his sights on Thomas after the former Kangaroo wiped out Scott Selwood - whose brother said he was not aware his younger sibling was involved - to "deliberately tell him it was a f---ing dog act".
Joel Selwood successfully appealed his one-game ban at the tribunal. Picture: Andrew Tauber
He managed to do just that, he confirmed, "when I was standing right over him, getting pulled to ground", with the Cats counsel highlighting that what he had approached Thomas to say "he is not particularly proud of".
Selwood had argued that the strike was careless and that the impact was negligible.
And after arguing that he was off-balance, dragged down by Thomas and bracing himself to fall in the action, the Tribunal - which was also showed vision indicating Thomas bore no symptoms of a strike - was convinced that Selwood had not struck Thomas.
"I'm pleased to obviously get to plead my case tonight and have the opportunity to do it," Selwood said after the colourful hour-long hearing.
"I'm really looking forward to taking on Sydney this weekend."
Thomas' high and severe hit on Scott Selwood in his first game for Port Adelaide added three weeks to a separate one-match ban for striking from Saturday night's loss to Geelong at Adelaide Oval.
The former Kangaroo pleaded guilty to rough conduct via video link at the AFL Tribunal last night, as his counsel fought for a three-week ban.
Thomas, 30, did not dispute the charge that was deemed to be careless, severe impact and high, though his counsel argued that the act was "at the low end of severe" and "marginally over the line" between severe and high impact.
The AFL had argued for a four-week penalty for Thomas - plus the one-match ban already accepted - but his advocate Ben Krupka was firm that three weeks was appropriate and highlighted the ex-North Melbourne midfielder's playing future as part of his argument.
"He is a rookie-listed player … on a one-year contract," Krupka said.
"The incident that we're here for arose in his first game (for the Power), and there will be an additional game to be added.
"Even if our submissions are accepted, it will be a four-game suspension. Port Adelaide has a bye in Round 10 - he would be out of action until Round 11.
"The reality is, he'd play two SANFL games this time, the likelihood is that he'd have to play more then. Anything more than three plus one has the potential to be crushing for his chances of playing AFL again this season.
"For those reasons, we submit that three is the appropriate penalty in this case."
Thomas - who was not required to give evidence given his guilty plea - expressed his remorse and determination to bounce back after his ban.
"I hope Scott is OK - I didn't intentionally go out there to hurt him," he said.
"I hope he's OK. "I'll just work my backside off for the next four weeks.
"I want to apologise to my teammates and obviously the footy club - they've done so much for me in the last couple of months to get me home. I want to apologise to them and I'm going to move on from this and come back."
Four people have this afternoon been arrested on suspicion of dealing drugs to children as young as 11 years old.
The raids took place at three address in Newell Lane in Wisbech on Tuesday April 24 following information from the public.
Four people have been arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply a controlled drug.
The police conducted the raids following information relating to children buying the £5 pill with the street name grenade, shaped like hand grenades and cut with bleach.
It's after three teenage girls were taken to the QE Hospital in King's Lynn last month when they were found unconscious.
The officers – from Fenland and Peterborough- had been briefed beforehand at March Police Station
Some 23 police officers then raided the flats where quantities of the ‘grenades' were discovered.
A police sniffer dog was allowed in to begin helping police with their search of the premises.
More here as we have it...
Former France midfielder Henri Michel, who coached eight countries during a 30-year managerial career, has died aged 70.
He was capped 58 times by France and coached them from 1984 to 1988.
Michel led France, Cameroon, Morocco, Tunisia and Ivory Coast at the World Cup, and also had spells in charge of the United Arab Emirates, Equatorial Guinea and Kenya.
Michel won three league titles during a 16-year playing career with Nantes.
His coaching career began with the France team, who won gold at the 1984 Olympic Games in Los Angeles. They also reached the World Cup semi-finals in 1986.
He was appointed Cameroon boss in 1994; began the first of two spells with Morocco in 1995; took charge of the United Arab Emirates in 2000; was appointed Tunisia coach in 2001, and became Ivory Coast boss in 2004.
Michel returned to Morocco in 2007 before coaching Equatorial Guinea and Kenya.
He also worked with Paris St-Germain and some of Africa's leading club sides, including two spells in charge of Zamalek in Egypt and Morocco's Raja Casablanca, as well as South Africa's Mamelodi Sundowns
Sri Lanka vs India 2017: KL Rahul to bat at No.4 in ODIs
Rohit Sharma and Shikhar Dhawan will open the batting in the upcoming ODI series
@aadyasharma20 by Aadya Sharma News 14 Aug 2017, 14:17 IST
KL Rahul last played an ODI in January this year
What's the story?
MSK Prasad, Indian team's chief selector, has made it clear that Lokesh Rahul will bat at No.4 for India in the upcoming ODI series against Sri Lanka. The 25-year-old, who made his comeback from injury in the Test series against the Lankans, is one of the fifteen members to face the hosts later this month in five ODIs and one T20I.
“He [Rahul] is too good to be left out of playing XI at the moment. [Shikhar] Dhawan-Rohit [Sharma] are in good form at the moment”, Prasad was quoted as saying.
In case you didn't know…
Injuries have halted KL Rahul's progress in international cricket, who made his ODI debut for the national team last year, hitting an unbeaten century on debut. His last ODI was against the visiting English side in January this year, scoring 11 in the series' final ODI at Kolkata, before a shoulder injury laid him low for the next few months.
In six ODIs, Rahul averages exactly 55, with a century and a fifty to his name.
The heart of the matter
Speaking to the media in Sri Lanka, MSK Prasad spoke extensively about building the Indian team in the lead up to the 2019 World Cup. With less than two years to go, the selectors have started identifying a core group of players who will form the crux of the team under Virat Kohli's captaincy.
Specifying that KL Rahul will bat at No.4 in the ODI series against Sri Lanka, Prasad said that they need to identify someone at the top spot and give them a run for a few months to see how they fare. He also said that Shikhar Dhawan and Rohit Sharma will continue to open for the team, just like they did in the Champions Trophy held two months back.
He said Rahul is the first player being tried at the No.4. spot, but others could also get a look-in at that position in the future.
What's next?
After the end of the final Test at Pallekele, the two teams will have less than a week to cool off, with the first ODI scheduled to be held at the Rangiri International Stadium in Dambulla.
Author's take
Barring a spate of injuries, KL Rahul has impressed one and all with his impressive strokeplay in all three formats, fitting in the Indian team seamlessly. Although he has played at the opening spot in all the six ODIs he has played till date, it is very difficult for him to displace the combination of Shikhar Dhawan and Rohit Sharma, who have, over the last two years, forged fruitful partnerships for India in limited-overs.
As Virat Kohli had recently mentioned, it is very important to give KL Rahul the required backing at the top most level, and the youngster will look to justify the confidence shown by the management on him.
March 19 (UPI) -- Steven Spielberg is to join Liam Neeson and Ben Kingsley to mark the 25th anniversary of their World War II drama Schindler's List at the Tribeca Film Festival in New York this spring.
Also celebrating a quarter-century milestone at the festival will be the makers of In the Soup. Director Alexandre Rockwell and actors Steve Buscemi, Jennifer Beals and Sam Rockwell are set to participate in a Tribeca panel discussion about their comedy.
Meanwhile, filmmaker Brian De Palma is expected to reunite with Al Pacino and Michelle Pfeiffer to reminisce about their crime drama Scarface, which turns 35 this year.
Also confirmed to speak during the festival's various programs are Alec Baldwin, Edward Burns, Bradley Cooper, Claire Danes, Jamie Foxx, Lesli Linka Glatter, Spike Lee, John Legend, Nancy Meyers, Sarah Jessica Parker, Alexander Payne, Laura Poitras and Jason Reitman.
The festival is scheduled to take place April 18-29.
BUSINESS
(Yonhap)
South Korean artificial intelligence speaker manufacturers are scrambling to lock in consumers that are critical for boosting their competitiveness moving forward, industry watchers said Tuesday.SK Telecom, the country's largest mobile operators, and Naver Corp., the top Internet portal operator here, have recently unveiled half-price and free speakers as part of a promotional event to win over users.AI speakers interact with users by engaging in audio searches and other functions through voice command. They use so-called deep learning systems to "evolve," so greater numbers of users will enhance overall capabilities of the service provider.Industry watchers said the release of the small, high-performance speakers and offering of various benefits like low prices is designed to win over customers that is critical for future sales growth.SK Telecom said it sold some 5,000 units of its Nugu Mini on the first day of its release on Aug. 11. The product that has similar specifications to the existing Nugu speaker is being offered for 49,900 won, a 50 percent discount from the 99,000 won sticker price.Naver included one full year of free Naver Music service worth some 90,000 won for those who bought its Wave smart speakers. The first batch sold out in 35 minutes, the company said.Nugu Mini and the Wave speakers are both more compact compared to other AI enabled products on the market at present. The Nugu Mini weighed in at just 219 grams with the Wave hitting 998 grams. The size makes them highly portable and user friendly.Besides SK Telecom and Naver, Kakao, a leading Internet service company, said it will release its own Kakao Mini speaker in the third quarter of the year. The company said its product will be lighter and more affordable compared to its rivals.The move by local companies, meanwhile, mirrors efforts undertaken by global competitors such as Amazon and Xiaomi that have released affordable AI speakers in the past. (Yonhap)
WASHINGTON — Former Deputy FBI Director Andrew McCabe wrote a memo claiming that Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein said President Trump asked him to refer to the Russia investigation as a reason for recommending the dismissal of FBI Director James Comey, a person familiar with the matter said Wednesday.
McCabe documented the conversation with Rosenstein, fearing that the deputy attorney general may have provided Trump cover for the abrupt dismissal of Comey. At that time, Comey was overseeing the investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 election, said the source, who is not authorized to speak publicly about the matter.
The source said the memo has since been turned over to Justice special counsel Robert Mueller, who was appointed to manage the investigation last year following Attorney General Jeff Sessions' decision to recuse himself.
Rosenstein, who drafted his own memo for the White House recommending Comey's firing last year, did not refer to Comey's management of the Russia inquiry. Rather, he cited the director's disputed management of the FBI's investigation into Hillary Clinton's use of a private email server as the reason for urging the dismissal.
In the days immediately following Comey's firing, Trump acknowledged in an interview with NBC News that Comey was dismissed because of his oversight of the Russia investigation.
Mueller's inquiry has since expanded to include whether Trump sought to obstruct the investigation by firing Comey.
McCabe was fired earlier this year by Sessions for allegedly making false statements to Justice investigators about disclosures to the media.
He has denied any wrongdoing in the matter.
In addition to the memo related to the alleged Rosenstein conversation, the source familiar with matter said McCabe also authored other memos memorializing his encounters with Trump. Those memos also have been turned over to Mueller's investigators.
McCabe appeared to follow the same protocol as Comey, who also authored memos about his controversial encounters with Trump, including an alleged conversation last year in which the president asked Comey to scuttle the FBI's then-investigation into national security adviser Michael Flynn.
Flynn has since pleaded guilty to lying to FBI agents about his contacts with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak and is cooperating with Mueller's ongoing investigation.
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
He told reporters: "We're very concerned that with tripwires a child could be walking down a sidewalk and hit something."
Hundreds of agents from the FBI and the U.S. Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms have joined the investigation, and the reward for information leading to an arrest has climbed to $115,000.
Fred Milanowski, agent in charge of the Houston division of ATF, said the latest explosive device was anchored to a metal yard sign near the head of a hiking trail.
"It was a thin wire or filament, kind of like fishing line," he said. "It would have been very difficult for someone to see."
Milanowski said authorities have checked 500-plus leads since the bombings began and that there have been "persons of interest" in the cases, though they have so far not led to much.
Police asked anyone with surveillance cameras at their homes to come forward with the footage on the chance it captured suspicious vehicles or people.
The latest victims — ages 22 and 23 — suffered what police called significant injuries and remained hospitalized in stable condition.
The attack happened in the southwestern Austin neighbourhood of Travis Country. That is far from the sites of the earlier bombings, which took place east of Interstate 35 and killed a 39-year-old man and a 17-year-old boy and wounded two other people.
The highway has traditionally been seen as a dividing line between the city's more affluent west side and more heavily minority areas to its east. That gave rise to suspicions from police early on that the attacks might be racially motivated.
Spring break ended Monday for the University of Texas and many area school districts. University police warned returning students to be alert and to tell their classmates about the danger, saying, "We must look out for one another." None of the four attacks happened close to the campus near the heart of Austin.
The PGA's Dell Technologies Match Play tournament is scheduled to begin in Austin on Wednesday, and dozens of the world's top golfers are set to begin arriving.
Fear spread well beyond the blast site.
"This makes me sick," said Andrew Zimmerman, 44, a coffee shop worker on the west side. He said the use of a tripwire adds a "new level" of suspected professionalism that makes it harder to guard against such attacks.
"That's what scares me a little bit," he added.
UPS and FedEx alone made more than 3.2 billion deliveries to U.S. homes last year, more than double from just 10 years ago, according to the industry research firm ShipMatrix.
Erin Mays, 33, recently moved from Los Angeles to the Austin area. Mays said she routinely gets six to eight packages delivered to her door every week and also uses grocery delivery services.
"Everybody talks about how dangerous L.A. is and Austin is supposed to be safer. It's creepy," Mays said. "I'm not a scared person, but this feels very next-door-neighbour kind of stuff."
Associated Press writer Jim Vertuno contributed to this report.
The Associated Press
The Associated Press
It's the stuff of spy novels. North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un's older half-brother Kim Jong Nam died mysteriously at the Kuala Lumpur airport, and both South Korean and Malaysian media report it was likely some sort of poison attack.
Several questions surround his suspicious death, but perhaps the biggest is: Who would want Kim Jong Nam dead?
The eldest Kim brother has led a quiet existence outside North Korea for decades, except for making headlines when he tried to enter Japan in 2001 on a fake passport. He later said he was trying to go to Tokyo Disneyland.
That Kim has remained out of the limelight is rather remarkable given he's the son of Kim Jong Il, North Korea's notorious former dictator.
"You would live anonymously too if people were gunning for you," says Michael Madden, a visiting scholar at Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies who runs the site North Korean Leadership Watch.
"Kim Jong Nam has lived a very leisurely life, primarily in a condo that the Kim family owns in Macau," Madden says. Kim is widely known for his love of gambling and clubs. Madden also says Kim Jong Nam manages the family's personal fortune overseas, which includes homes in Singapore, Beijing and Paris.
Kim's fate took a turn Monday morning, while he was in transit at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport. Something caused Kim's sudden death.
Malaysian media are showing closed-circuit camera images in which two women cover a traveler's face with cloth. Police say emergency responders rushed the man, whose travel documents identified him as "Kim Chol," to the hospital, but he died en route.
"It probably is the strangest story that I have encountered about North Korean elites and the Kim family and Kim family politics," Madden says.
In South Korea Tuesday, Unification Ministry spokesman Jeong Joon-hee confirmed the identity of the dead traveler.
"The government is certain that the murdered individual is Kim Jong Nam. We have not confirmed the exact cause of death," Jeong said.
Kim could have died of natural causes, given his sedentary lifestyle and the family's reported issues with gout and high blood pressure. But if he was killed, theories run the gamut as to why.
Some believe Kim was punished for skimming from the family fortune he handled, or that he was the scapegoat in a power play by elites wanting to get back into leader Kim Jong-un's good graces. But they're all just guesses, says Madden.
"Nobody knows, and I don't think we will know the full story about the death of Kim Jong Nam for many years," he says.
As with so much about North Korea, even a man's demise is dressed in mystery.
Haeryun Kang contributed to this post from Seoul. Chan Kok Leong contributed to this post from Kuala Lumpur.
TWO burglars who went on a ‘spending spree' with bank cards stolen when one raided a house in Leeds have been jailed for a total of more than eight years.
Leeds Crown Court heard the burglary victim received a text from his bank to say one of his cards had just been used at Bargain Booze in Bramley.
After receiving the text at 7am on May 6, the man saw that the patio doors at his home on Spen Lane at West Park had been opened.
Prosecutor, Robert Galley said a bag containing cash, bank cards and keys to an Audi A4 were stolen and the car was taken.
Jonathan Shillito, 39, had burgled the house alone before he and Craig Lackey, 52, used the stolen cards at Bargain Booze, a Spar and at a newsagent in Leeds.
The court heard both men stole an Audi A4 after burgling a house at Broom Mills Road in Farsley in the early hours of May 22 as a couple and their two children slept.
A neighbour alerted police and the pair were stopped and arrested as they attempted to escape in the Audi A4 after keys were stolen from the house.
Shillito, of Lea Farm Place, Kirkstall, admitted two burglaries, two thefts of the cars and fraud.
Lackey, of Lea Farm Place, Kirkstall, admitted one burglary, one theft of a car and fraud.
Kara Frith, for Shillito, said: “He is disgusted with himself.”
Theresa Clark for Lackey said: “He has shown genuine remorse.”
Recorder Samuel Green QC jailed Shillito for five-years-and-three-months and handed Lackey a three-year sentence.
Recorder Green told them: “The pair of you went on a bit of a spending spree with those cards, dishonestly and disgracefully.”
OTTAWA — The federal government spent $2.3 billion less than originally planned last year on new military gear, Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan revealed Wednesday, even as a prominent economic adviser to the Liberals sang the praises of investing in the defence sector.
The spending shortage, which will require Canada's military to continue to use some equipment longer than expected, means the government is already losing ground on the promise it made last year to invest $62 billion in the Forces over the next 20 years.
The mixed messages came during the first day of the two-day Cansec gathering in Ottawa, Canada's largest annual arms show, where officials from the world's biggest defence companies descend on the national capital to pitch their wares to the government and military.
Sajjan kicked off the event with an update on the Liberal government's new defence policy — a blueprint that details the specific equipment the military intends to buy over the next five years.
Many companies had been eagerly waiting to see which of the dozens of projects included in the multibillion-dollar defence policy were considered a priority and which were being put on the back burner.
What they heard instead was that the ambitious Liberal plan to ramp up spending got off to a slower start than expected: where Ottawa had planned to spend $6.2 billion last year, figures published with the defence policy show, they only managed to get $3.9 billion out the door.
Sajjan played down the discrepancy, saying a portion of the unspent money represented savings that the government was able to find on some projects, while others were the result of companies not fulfilling their obligations.
But he also admitted later that for some projects, "we weren't able to get it to the level we wanted. We're improving on that and things have improved drastically for this. It will improve as time goes on."
Defence companies won't be the only ones hoping Sajjan is right.
One of the government's most influential economic advisers told a luncheon audience that Canada's defence industry will be critical to sparking innovation and ensuring the country's prosperity over the long term.
Up and running: Neymar wastes little time in making his mark at PSG
PSG's ?222m signing Neymar took 82 minutes to make his mark in Ligue 1, which compares favourably to his time in Brazil and Spain.
by Omnisport News 14 Aug 2017, 02:49 IST
Neymar in action on his PSG debut
Neymar's Paris Saint-Germain career got off to a stunning start on Sunday as he scored one and created another in a 3-0 win at Guingamp.
The Brazil star stunned the footballing world when he completed a world-record €222million move from Barcelona earlier this month.
His transfer was not completed in time to feature in PSG's 2017-18 Ligue 1 opener against Amiens last weekend - where he was presented to the Parc des Princes crowd - but he made up for lost time in style at Stade de Roudourou.
With Unai Emery's side already leading 1-0 thanks to Jordan Ikoko's bizarre own goal, Neymar assisted Edinson Cavani with a wonderful pass before the roles were reversed eight minutes from time for the Brazilian to tap home.
And Neymar's fledgling Ligue 1 career already compares favourably to his spells in his homeland and with Barça, where it took him seven and six games respectively to net his first league goal.
He is also the first Brazilian to score on his Ligue 1 debut for PSG since Nene against Saint-Etienne seven years ago.
3 - Games needed to see @neymarjr's first goal in...
Brazilian Serie A: 7
Liga: 6
Ligue 1: ?
Première. pic.twitter.com/z4lz9ETDXD — OptaJean (@OptaJean) August 13, 2017
None
St. Georges first baseman Aidan Riley can't handle an off-line throw as Caravel's in the fourth inning of the Bucs' 6-5 win in the 9 innings in a DIAA state tournament quarterfinal Wednesday at Caravel. Caravel evened the score at 3 on the play. William Bretzger, The News Journal
With the 2019 electioneering season about to kick off in the next few months, former Vice-President Atiku Abubakar, whose ambition remains undiminished to rule Nigeria, has opened secret discussions with some leaders of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) to return to the party and contest on its platform in the 2019 presidential election, it was learnt.The discussions are coming on the heels of the pressure mounted recently by the Adamawa chapter of the PDP asking Atiku, who is currently a chieftain of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC), to return to the PDP now that its leadership crisis has been resolved.Atiku, who has contested for the presidency, once as a candidate of the defunct Action Congress (AC), and made two unsuccessful attempts to secure the presidential tickets of the PDP and APC, has chosen to throw his hat into the ring for a fourth time. During the Ibrahim Babangida years he was a presidential aspirant in the then Social Democratic Party (SDP) losing to late MKO Abiola and Ambassador Babagana Kingibe.PDP sources said that some of the governors and past governors of the party, including other leaders of the PDP, are amenable to his return and would most likely back him in his bid to secure the ticket of the PDP.However, Atiku, in the discussions with the PDP leadership, is not leaving anything to chance and has asked for a guarantee that he would secure the ticket of the party for the 2019 presidential election before jumping ship.According to one PDP source, “The secret discussions are ongoing with a wing of the leadership of the PDP and this has encouraged the former vice-president to start consultations with critical leaders in the northern and southern parts of the country.“However, Atiku has informed the PDP leaders who have approached him to guarantee him the nomination of the party for the presidential election before he can leave the APC, as he does not want to be messed up for the third time.”It was learnt that several governors and governors of the party, including Ekiti State governor, Ayodele Fayose, who at the weekend declared his intention to contest for the presidency in 2019, would most likely be receptive to an Atiku candidacy.Another source in the party explained that despite Fayose's declaration at the weekend, the Ekiti governor was most likely positioning himself to secure the vice-presidential ticket of the PDP.He explained that the reason Atiku may already have the backing of PDP chieftains stems from the fact that he is widely regarded as the most prepared for the presidency and is also considered acceptable to several constituents in both the southern and northern parts of the country.When the issue of Atiku's age was raised and the fact that many Nigerians, following from the uncertainty surrounding President Muhammadu Buhari's advancing age and health concerns, might reject the former vice-president who will turn 73 in 2019, the source said the focus should not be on his age but his health.“We had the late President Umaru Yar'Adua who was in his mid-fifties but he had health issues which led to his demise midway into his presidency.“Also, President Muhammadu Buhari had health issues which we warned against during electioneering in 2015, but it was dismissed as hate speech.“Then we have persons that are the same age or much older but are healthy and physically fit. So Nigerians should be more concerned about a persons health than his age,” he said.The source added that Atiku was not unaware of the question surrounding his age, adding that the former vice-president is prepared to make his medical certificates for the last ten years public to allay any concern about his health.He also revealed that now that Atiku had been approached by PDP leaders to return to the party, the former vice-president was seriously considering the proposition, but is awaiting Buhari's return to the country to enable him meet with the president before taking a final plunge.“Right now the former vice-president is waiting for Mr. President to return. He wants to hold discussions with him, presumably to ascertain if Buhari will contest in 2019.“Once he gets a clearer picture on the direction of things, he will take a final plunge as to whether to return to the PDP or remain with APC,” the source said.Source:Thisday Newspaper
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An enormous runaway tyre shattered the wrist of a motorist and narrowly missed a shopkeeper after it bolted down a street at high speed.
The rogue tyre hurtled down a road out of nowhere, smashing into a driver's wrist, who was in buying goods from a Chinese market from his car.
The agonising moment was captured on CCTV, which shows the mammoth wheel zooming down street before neatly cutting through the pair.
The shocking clip shows the blue car pulling up to the market and the driver lean out to call the woman at the stall, who appears to take the order and retrieve the items.
She walks over to the parked car, extending her arms to give the driver his goods and take payment.
But the transaction was cut short by the huge tyre, which can be seen to slice through after plummeting towards them.
The footage shows the man recoil in agony after the wheel shattered his wrist, with the shopkeeper retreating to the store as the tyre smashes into a wall.
The car flipped back onto the car before coming to a stop and a number of market goers can be seen to rush over.
Calif. Primary Rule May Hurt Democrats' Bid To Unseat GOP's Rohrabacher
California is crucial to the Democrats' hopes of taking back the House of Representatives. The party has targeted districts that are held by Republicans, but that Hillary Clinton won in 2016.
Four of those seats are in the former Republican stronghold of Orange County. The big prize there would be toppling Republican incumbent Dana Rohrabacher who's represented the 48th Congressional District for 30 years. But Democrats' could be ruining their own chances. So many of them are competing there, that they could dilute their strength in the state's unusual top-two system.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Lauren Victoria Burke/AP Lauren Victoria Burke/AP
Rohrabacher touts his proud past as a speechwriter for Ronald Reagan and tows the conservative line on issues such as illegal immigration. He's decried what opponents call sanctuary cities, saying that those who support them "are betraying the American people."
Some of Rohrabacher's other positions, however, make him seem vulnerable, even to fellow Republicans. He voted against both the GOP tax cut and the omnibus spending bill. He recently lost some business support when he said that no one should have to sell their home to someone who's gay. But most controversial is his long support for better relations with Russia and his meetings with close associates of Vladimir Putin.
Recently Democratic voters crowded into a synagogue in Rohrabacher's district, eager to check out the candidates vying to replace him. Susan Becker knew what she was looking for. "I have to support the person who is most likely to win," she said. "It's just a shame that there are so many democrats running because we're going to split the vote."
Here's why Becker's worried. California's primary system puts all the candidates on one ballot. The two with the most votes go on to November, regardless of party. But in their enthusiasm to oppose Rohrabacher and Donald Trump, eight democrats signed up, making it hard for any candidate to consolidate support.
That's why Michael Kotick dropped out, though his name is still on the ballot. "We have to be really smart about the math," he said. "We have to make responsible decisions on behalf of the community and on behalf of the party."
What made Kotick's decision so urgent was that, at the last minute, another Republican jumped into the race. He is Scott Baugh, a former Republican leader in the state Assembly and former chair of the Orange County Republican Party. So Baugh has name recognition in this district where Republicans still have an advantage in registration.
If Democrats can't rally around a single candidate, they may have no one on the November ballot at all. At the synagogue forum, there was an awkward moment when the moderator asked one of the candidates why he didn't just drop out and throw his support to one of his fellow Democrats. The question got a round of applause.
Really, the only issue that the voters at this event really cared about was winning. And two democrats seem viable.
One is Hans Kierstead. He's a stem cell biologist, but more relevant at this event, he has the endorsement of the California Democratic Party. But that hasn't helped clarify anything. Democrats are split. The national Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee is backing Kierstead's chief rival, technology entrepreneur Harley Rouda.
The 48th District is not the only place where Democrats' glut of candidates has imperiled their chances. In another Orange County congressional district, Democrats were going at each other so hard that the head of the state party brokered a truce on negative advertising. But since everyone competes on the same ballot, Democrats are attacking Republicans too. The idea is that if they can knock a couple of them down, it'll improve the chances of a Democrat making it into the runoff.
Raphael Sonenshein, the executive director of the Pat Brown Institute for Public Affairs at California State University Los Angeles, says everyone's now trying to figure out how to game the system, including voters.
For instance a voter might think, "Should I vote for a candidate I don't much like so that our party doesn't get shut out? Or vote for that person so can shut out the other party?" Sonenshein says that the top two system was intended to make primaries less partisan. "I think it hasn't worked too well this year."
And it's not just Democrats who are facing a perilous primary next week. Republicans risk being shut out of both the races for Governor and United States Senate.
SPRINGFIELD -- After a mistrial involving a deadlocked jury last December, a 47-year-old city man was sentenced to state prison Monday following his conviction at a retrial.
A Hampden County jury on Aug. 10 found Polfilio Serrano guilty of indecent assault and battery on a child under 14. He was originally charged with child rape, but the jury convicted him on the lesser charge.
Hampden Superior Court Judge John S. Ferrara sentenced Serrano to seven to eight years in state prison, followed by five years probation.
Assistant District Attorney Jane Mulqueen prosecuted the case.
The trial was the second in this case for Serrano, represented by Nikolas Andreopoulos. A jury deadlocked in December 2016, so a mistrial was declared.
The jury in last week's trial twice reported they were deadlocked, but were sent back to deliberate each time.
Jurors ultimately deadlocked on a single count of indecent assault and battery on a child, so Ferrara declared a mistrial on that count only.
The indictments against Serrano said the crimes happened in Springfield between 2008, when the victim was eight, and 2012, when the victim was 12.
The victim reported the assaults in 2015.
By Alice Tettey, GNA
Cape Coast, April 24, GNA - The Ministry of Gender, Children and Social Protection (MoGCSP) has urged the public not to sit unconcerned but promptly report abuse cases they were privy to through its “Help Line of Hope” Call Centre for swift intervention.
Failure to report cases of abuse such as defilement, child marriage, child trafficking and labour as well as spousal abuse by people who witness them could implicate them when the perpetrators were caught up by the law, she added.
Dr. Rita Owusu-Amankwah, Director of Social Protection, was speaking to the GNA on the sidelines of a day's training workshop on the “Call Centre” for Regional and district Social Welfare Officers and some selected traditional and religious leaders and the Police Service from the Western and Central Regions.
The toll free Call Centre launched in December last year on lines 0800 800 800 and 0800 900 900 under its “Single Window Case Management System”, enabled the public to call with any mobile network to report cases of abuse and any other social issues that worried them to the Ministry for onward redress.
The Centre had since its inception received among many other numerous calls with particularly high reported incidents on suicide attempts, spousal abuse and financial difficulties which the Department had collaborated with stakeholders for effective redress.
Dr. Owusu-Amankwah explained that the training workshop was being organized across the country to throw more light on the activities of the Help Centre and to strengthen the Case Management System to help minimize the high level of abuse in the various communities.
She noted that citizens' participation in social protection was very critical in its policy implementation and management and called on all well-meaning Ghanaians to partner the Ministry and play their respective roles to stop the menace.
She pledged the Ministry's commitment to collaborate with all stakeholders to achieve its mandate of ensuring social protection for the vulnerable in society and all citizens in general.
In a speech read on her behalf, the Minister of MoGCSP, Madam Otiko Afisa Djaba, said the collaborative efforts between the Helpline Hope Call Centre and District Social Welfare Officers had helped resolve many social issues across the country.
Madam Djaba enumerated successes chalked since the launching of the Helpline Call Centre to include the return of a 22-year old woman trafficked to Saudi Arabia who was severely maltreated.
This, she said, was achieved in collaboration with Ghana Police Anti-Human Trafficking Unit.
Others were the rescue of a 10-year old abandoned epilepsy girl who was currently in Osu Children's Home many others.
She therefore, urged the officers to sign on to the Call Centre for timely resolution of cases for the benefit of the vulnerable in the society.
The Hope Call Centre is an integral part of the Single Window Case Management system was initially instituted for people to lodge complaints on the Government's five flagship programme on social protection for the Ministry to solve them.
They are the National Health Insurance, School Feeding, Capitation Grant, Labour Intensive Public works and LEAP social protection programmes.
GNA
Toronto has its own stuffed animal going on adventures and just like Paddington Bear, it's named after a train station. But the couple who found “Ossington Bear” is looking for its rightful owner.
Rhonda Riche says that the stuffed bear was on the subway train long before she and her husband found him at High Park station. ( RHONDA RICHE PHOTO ) The couple who found “Ossington Bear” took it for a night on the town. ( RHONDA RICHE PHOTO ) Ossington Bear's adventures in Toronto included meeting Drake (or at least a photo of the ‘6 god'). ( RHONDA RICHE PHOTO )
Rhonda Riche and her husband were going out for dinner Monday when they found the abandoned stuffed polar bear on an eastbound TTC subway train at High Park station. “We found the bear sitting alone on the subway, half-eaten cookies left behind,” Riche told the Star. “We wanted to reunite him, but at the same time were kind of scared because the TTC lost and found office was closed.” Instead, the couple turned to Bunz, an online trading platform, to find the toy's owner — dubbed “Ossington Bear” for the station they were heading towards.
Article Continued Below
“We thought it would be faster to turn to the power of Bunz,” she said. “They're really great, I've seen them perform all kinds of miracles, connecting them with lost keys, and bikes, and all kinds of pets, so it seemed like a good place to go to get help.”
Meanwhile they decided to take the bear for a night on the town. “We thought we'd take him along with us and record his adventures so that when Ossington Bear does get reunited, he would have a nice story to share, to let him know he was well taken care of,” Riche said. Riche said that, according to people online, the bear had been on the subway long before the couple got on at High Park. “I don't know how long he had been riding the rails.” The owners of the stuffed animal haven't been found yet.
“We're really hoping to reunite him soon,” she said. The couple plans to eventually take Ossington Bear to the TTC's lost and found.
Article Continued Below
“We might go out again one more night.” Ilya Bañares is a breaking news reporter, working out of the Star's radio room in Toronto. Follow him on Twitter: @ilyaoverseas
Soul Shakers Winter Blues Guitarmageddon II
The Soul Shakers Rhythm Section hosts a night of music featuring several of Northeast Pennsylvania's veteran blues musicians Friday in Scranton Cultural Center at The Masonic Temple's Grand Ballroom, 420 N. Washington Ave. The concert starts at 7:30 p.m., and tickets are $20.
The band, consisting ofSharon O'Connell (drums), Bill Coleman (bass) and Eric Brody (keyboard), began as a collaboration within New Orleans funk band Mojomo. The trio has since preformed and recorded with artists throughout the country.
The band previously hosted the Winter Blues Guitarmageddon at the Scranton Cultural Center, and released an album of live material from the event.
This year's concert features regional blues musicians including Dana Gaynor, Paul Lyon & Joe Doherty, Chris London, Dave Maciak, and Dave Anderson with Mojomo and the Mojomo Horns.
For more information, call 570-344-1111 or visit sccmt.org
Craft Workshop and Film Screening
The Scranton Cultural Center at The Masonic Temple, 420 N. Washington Ave., hosts a morning of crafts and a screening of the 1996 film“Matilda” on Saturday.
“Matilda” follows the titular five-year-old genius as she escapes into a world of books. Meanwhile, she deals with her bullying family and school headmistress, and discovers unusual talents with the help of a kind school teacher.
The craft activity begins at 10 a.m. in Craftsmen Hall on the third floor, and the film follows at 11 in Shopland Hall on the fourth floor.
Admission is free, though reservations are encouraged.
For more information, call 570-344-1111 or visit sccmt.org
14th annual Winter in the City Cocktail Fundraiser
POSH at the Scranton Club, 404 N. Washington Ave., hosts the second installment of the 2017 benefit series on Friday to benefit the projects of Scranton Tomorrow. The party runs from 5:30 to 8 p.m., and tickets can be purchased at the door for $20.
The event offers attendees a chance to participate in a silent auction and raffle, sample local restaurants, and enjoy music by Josette Miles and Group Du Jour.
For more information, call 570-344-8671.
Benefit for John Coates Jr.
Tonight, local musicians unite for a benefit concert to assist Scranton jazz man John Coates Jr., who suffers from a variety of medical ailments. The show will be held at Deerhead Inn, Delaware Water Gap, and doors open at 5:30 p.m.
Monroe County resident Bob Dorough, who worked as a composer for the “Schoolhouse Rock!” cartoon series starting in the 1970s, performs from 7 to 10 p.m. The lineup also includes local musicians Bob Mancuso, Denny Carrig, Jay Rattman and Billy Test.
Proceeds from the evening will help defray Coates' medical costs.
Newsboys
Newsboys, a Grammy-nominated and platinum-selling band, performs Saturday at Mohegan Sun Arena at Casey Plaza in Wilkes-Barre on Saturday as part of its Love Riot Tour.
The tour, which runs through early May, features a new theatrical experience, “God's Not Dead LIVE! Rivals.” Written and produced by John and Sarah Bolin and featuring original songs, the show utilizes an ensemble cast of singers, actors and dancers to answer the question “Can God really make a difference?”
The show beings at 6 p.m., and tickets start at $25.
Purchase tickets at the NBT Bank Box Office, online at Ticketmaster.com or newsboys.com, or call 800-745-3000.
The B Street Band
The B Street Band, a famed New Jersey-based Bruce Springsteen tribute group, performs at The Leonard Theater, 335 Adams Ave., Scranton, Friday at 8 p.m.
Originally performing under the name Backstreets, the B Street Band has played tribute to the Boss for 34 years.
The group performed at the inaugurations of President Barack Obama and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, and recently made national headlines when they withdrew from inauguration of President Donald Trump after receiving backlash and to respect Springsteen's widely known disapproval of Trump.
Ticket range from $15 to $75, and are available online at eventbrite.com.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Kurt Suzuki homered, Julio Teheran earned his third consecutive victory and the Atlanta Braves defeated the Washington Nationals 13-2 to earn a rare series victory on the road against their NL East rival. Brandon Phillips had four hits and three RBIs for the Braves, who had dropped seven consecutive road series against the Nationals and had lost 23 of their last 25 games in Washington before taking two of three this week.
RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) — Maryland's Kiara Leslie will play next season with North Carolina State's women's basketball team as a graduate transfer. Leslie will have two seasons of eligibility with the Wolfpack.
CHICAGO (AP) — Welington Castillo hit a grand slam Wednesday night as the Baltimore Orioles topped the Chicago White Sox 10-6. Mark Trumbo added two hits and two runs for the Orioles, who snapped a six-game losing streak. Matt Davidson homered in his third straight game for the White Sox.
CHICAGO (AP) — The Baltimore Orioles have placed slugging first baseman Chris Davis on the 10-day disabled list because of a strained right oblique. The Orioles announced the move before Wednesday's game against the White Sox.
Uni Watch Bookshelf: ‘Architecture on Ice' Looks at Hockey Arena History
Serious discussions of architecture don't usually involve sporting venues. And when they do, the venues are usually baseball or football stadiums. So I was intrigued when I recently learned about a new-ish book called Architecture on Ice: A History of the Hockey Arena. The book, which was published by McGill-Queen's University Press last September, modestly posits that hockey arenas are “North America's most important overlooked cultural buildings.”
I'm not sure I'd go that far, but the author, Howard Shubert, an architectural curator who lives in Toronto, provides an entertaining look at the history of ice rinks dating back to the mid-1800s, and their role in the development of hockey as a powerhouse sport. Along the way, he provides dozens of excellent photos, illustrations, and architectural renderings.
The earliest ice rinks were famously known as “barns,” and some of the book's illustrations make it clear just how barn-like many of the facilities were. Check out, for example, this 1862 illustration of Victoria Skating Rink in Montreal (for all the images that follow, you can click to enlarge):
But other configurations soon followed. One of my favorite images in the book is this cutaway illustration of Victoria Skating Rink in St. John:
Back in those days, hockey was a fledgling sport, competing for rink supremacy with other ice activities such as ice polo, ice baseball, and even ice bicycling. But enough of that old-timey stuff — you want to see something a bit more modern, right? How about this great 1966 photo of the Oakland-Alameda County Coliseum Arena, which was home to the short-lived California Golden Seals:
I also like this postcard of the St. Louis Arena, where the Blues played from 1967 through 1994:
And here's a great brochure showing how the then-new Madison Square Garden would be built atop Manhattan's Penn Station:
The book's focuses mostly on North America, but there are a few overseas arenas shown as well, including the awesome-looking Palatzetto dello Sport, which was built for the 1960 Rome Olympics:
The book eventually looks at contemporary arenas with their modern amenities, and discusses the way the fan experience has changed at live events over the years, all of which is interesting but more familiar and therefore a bit less illuminating.
The publisher is clearly hoping to get some college textbook sales out of this title (presumably in architecture or cultural studies programs), because each chapter concludes with a little “What have we learned?” summary. There are a few other annoyances, like the footnotes all being buried at the end of the book. On the plus side, the book includes some useful tables showing, among other things, when various rinks and arenas were constructed, and the square footage of modern NHL arenas.
Overall: a recommended read for history-minded hockey fans and architecture geeks. Less essential for the casual fan, especially given the relatively hefty price tag. The book is available here.
• • • • •
Raffle reminder: I'm currently raffling off a free varsity-style satin jacket from Stewart & Strauss. Full details here.
Merch reminder: In case you missed it earlier this week, the Uni Watch social media avatar (shown at right, click to enlarge), designed by the great Larry Torrez, is now available on a variety of shirts, sweatshirts, coffee mugs, tote bags, and stickers. They're all available here.
In case you're wondering: The results of the Raiders-redesign challenge will be posted next week, probably on Wednesday or Thursday.
• • • • •
Click to enlarge
KRC update: The latest installment of Key Ring Chronicles is about a leather jacket zipper pull whose design is based on the logo for a brand of drums. Check it out here.
• • • • •
Position available: Are you handy with graphic arts software? Do you have the patience to spend potentially large amounts of time on tedious, detail-driven work in return for relatively little money? Does dealing with lots of extremely nitpicky feedback from me sound like your idea of fun?
If you answered yes, yes, and yes, then perhaps we should talk. Here's the deal: I've been thinking about launching a new creative project in the near future. It will not be a uni-related project, although it might appeal to some of you and I'll promote it here on the site, among other places. The project will likely generate a small amount of cash (a couple of hundred bucks, say), although I'm pursuing it mostly for the creative satisfaction, not for the revenue.
In order to execute this project, I'll need help from someone with graphic design skills. Specifically, I'm looking to convert color photos and/or scans (all of very simple images) into flat art files suitable for print reproduction. I've been told that this means I'll need a “‘vectorization artist' who can turn raster images into vector, and can trace these out and turn them into flat art.” I don't even fully understand what that means. But if you do, drop me a line.
Naturally, the person I end up working with will be compensated, via either a flat fee or, more likely, a share of the eventual profits (which, again, will likely not be huge). Thanks for your consideration.
• • • • •
The Ticker
By Mike Chamernik
Baseball News : The Cubs revealed, and handed out, their World Series rings. @BSmile points out that the ring has a billy goat on the inner shank, and @ih8nyy is surprised the Cubs mark on the ring is missing the trademark symbol like the logo on the uniforms. … The Nats wore their stars and stripes alts for Military Appreication Day yesterday (from Chris Howell). … The score bug on the Rockies broadcasts this week have been using the yellow-and-white Padres “SD” logo, which was only used last year. The Pads are now back to solid white (from David Wishinsky). … The Riverton Railsplitters, a 14U team in New Jersey, wore retro-inspired jerseys last season. It looks like they took elements from the Astros, White Sox, and Blue Jays (from Bill Prendergast). … Even in the days before batting helmets, Ted Williams wore a shin guard (from John Mahoney). … The Erie SeaWolves will host an Alternative Facts Night in August. Fans will receive replica championship rings for the SeaWolves' 2016 Eastern League title. Akron, that night's opponent, actually won the league championship last year (from Kary Klismet). … Matt Goodwin found this 1998 New Era MLB hat chart the other day. … Reds INF Eugenio Suárez has added an accent to his NOB. It wasn't there in spring training (from Joanna Zweip). … Speaking of the Reds, INF Jose Peraza has been wearing a double-flapped batting helmet. … The Astrodome originally had a semi-transparent roof and real grass, but players complained about glare from the roof/ceiling, so the roof panels were painted over — and the grass soon died due to lack of sunlight, leading to the installation of Astroturf. Here's a 1965 shot showing the original grass surface (from Corey Buck). … After wearing Wahoo caps for their home opener, Cleveland went with the block-C cap last night. They had previously announced that the block-C cap would be worn with the navy jersey at home.
NFL News : The Lions will unveil their new uniforms tonight. The unveiling will be live-streamed on the team's Facebook page, with streaming set to begin at 8pm and the uniforms due to be revealed around 8:30. Paul will have an assessment on ESPN, probably around 9:45. … Investigative reporters with Sports Illustrated wrote a longform piece on Tom Brady's stolen Super Bowl jersey. Additional info on how they dealt with the story here. … Dale Earnhardt, a Washington fan, will drive a car with an Eagles paint scheme at Pocono in June. The NFL has a partnership with Earnhardt's sponsor, Axalta Coating Systems, and Pocono is in Eagles country (from David Firestone). … Chris Borba sends in this cool old USFL pillowcase. … The players in the front row of this 1969 Eagles team portrait are all wearing green shoes. “Likely first team to wear non-black or -white shoes,” says @NFL_Journal.
Hockey News : The Rangers' Mats Zuccarello has new team-themed skates for the playoffs (from @ch1088). … Matt Murray of the Penguins has new skates with a yellow stripe (from @redbuppy). … Babies born in two Washington hospitals will be given Caps-themed baby blankets and hats during the team's playoff run (from William Yurasko). … The Blackhawks are giving away seven hats that were designed using Brent Seabrook's jerseys (from Dan Thompson). … NASCAR driver Kenny Wallace has a St. Louis Blues racing helmet (from David Firestone). … Broadcaster Pierre McGuire said that the Kings' slick black, silver, and white unis helped them win their Stanley Cups. I don't disagree (from Alex). … New unis for North Carolina at Wilmington (from David Hoxie). … Wild LW Zach Parise has “Jeep” on his gloves. Zach's father, J.P. Parise, was nicknamed Jeep. … Here's an Instagram account that shows hockey jerseys reconfigured as basketball-style tank tops (from Casey Cherry).
Basketball News : A few of the Timberwolves' new alternate logos and wordmarks have been found by Conrad Burry of SportsLogos.net. … Color-vs.-color in Cleveland last night as the Cavs wore their black sleeved alts against the Raptors, who wore red. Also, it's a little hard to see because of the Getty watermark, but the Cavs wore fan appreciation warm-up shirts (from Zach Loesl). … The Celtics wore their grey sleeved unis at home for fan appreciation night, which doesn't seem like a very appreciative thing to do (from @_cap22). … Jason Kidd wore a blue Bucks hat before last night's game against the Celtics. “Great Lakes Blue” is one of the team's official colors but is largely used as an accent (also from @_cap22). … The Magic's new minor league team will be known as the Lakeland Magic. … Carmelo Anthony's game towel is personalized with his No. 7 on it. He's used his own distinctive gray towel for years (from Dan Gartland). … A Mormon missionary from Utah ran into a kid in Africa who was wearing his Junior Jazz jersey (from Benji King). … The basketball coach at Oral Roberts University was reportedly told by the school president not to recruit tattooed players.
Russian Journalist Weighs In On Country's #MeToo Movement
In Russia, a small number of women have spoken out publicly against powerful men who they say have sexually harassed them. Journalist Daria Zhuk is one of them. She says a powerful politician sexually harassed her in 2014 and that Russian women can learn from the #MeToo movement in America.
MARY LOUISE KELLY, HOST:
And I'm Mary Louise Kelly in Moscow, specifically at the Duma, Russia's parliament. And I want to give you a little sense of how the #MeToo movement is playing here in Russia. Several women here have come forward, and they have made allegations of sexual harassment by the head of the Duma's foreign affairs committee. In response, the speaker of the Duma came out and offered this advice - direct quote - "do you feel in danger working at the Duma? If so, then get another job."
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
DARIA ZHUK: (Speaking Russian).
KELLY: That is Daria Zhuk, one of the women whoare come forward. She's a journalist. And what you're listening to is a video message she recorded and what her TV network Dozhd broadcast nationwide last month here in Russia.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
ZHUK: (Speaking Russian).
KELLY: "I have only one question," Zhuk asks. "Are you still going to deny this? Aren't you ashamed to be working in the Parliament and behave this way?" We're climbing the stairs to the offices of Dozhd - TV Rain in English - to meet up with Daria Zhuk.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
UNIDENTIFIED REPORTER: (Speaking Russian).
KELLY: TV Dozhd is edgy by Russian standards. Its news shows report on gay rights in Chechnya and government torture of political prisoners. Zhuk has just launched a new show about women and women's rights. She's 27 now. She was 24 in 2014. And that is when she says Leonid Slutsky, a powerful politician, sexually harassed her. She was trying to book him for a panel on the evening news show.
ZHUK: (Through interpreter) When I was trying to book him, he was jokingly saying that he would only come on the show if I would go out with him to a restaurant. When I showed the messages to the anchor, he told me, yes, that guy always acts this way. But he also said, listen; we need him to be a guest on the show, and that's why we cannot react to those comments. So I didn't pay attention to the tone of the messages and kept asking him to come on the show.
KELLY: It took a month to persuade Slutsky to appear, which meant a month of lewd jokes and come-ons.
So he walks in. He arrives at the studio. And what happened?
ZHUK: (Through interpreter) I met him at the door. This happened four years ago, but I still remember quite vividly how disgusting this was. It was late and there were not that many people in the newsroom at that time. I told him, I need to go and talk to the anchor, and I'll be right back. And as soon as I turned he touched me. He touched my butt. I just froze. So then he tried to get closer to me. He approached me and tried to kiss me with his mouth open. I was shocked. I was only 24. You could say I was just a child. I did not know what to do or how to react, so I fled the room. I ran away.
KELLY: Zhuk says she told her colleagues about what happened, but she says HR isn't really a thing in Russia and she wasn't clear on what laws might apply, so she let it go until she saw a headline on the website of her own news network. Two women were accusing Leonid Slutsky of sexual harassment. Zhuk decided to tell her story, too, and Slutsky responded.
ZHUK: (Through interpreter) He wrote a message on March 8 congratulating women for International Women's Day. And he wrote, I want to take this opportunity to apologize to women whom I've voluntarily or involuntarily offended in any way.
KELLY: What is your message to him? If he were sitting here right now, what would you want to say to him?
ZHUK: (Through interpreter) Leonid Eduardovich, I do not believe in your remorse and your repentance. Leonid Eduardovich, you have to take responsibility for your actions.
KELLY: Are people in Russia following what's happening in the United States with Harvey Weinstein and the #MeToo movement? Do people here know about it?
ZHUK: (Through interpreter) Yes, people in Russia are following the news.
KELLY: And what do people think about it?
ZHUK: (Through interpreter) We don't have a lot of independent media, and the majority of Russian people are seeing this play out only on the government-controlled channels. Those channels broadcast an absolutely clear message - Americans have lost their minds. Will Americans stop having sex? Will they stop having romantic relationships? They have pushed this to the point of absurdity. That is what the majority of people think here.
KELLY: What do you think? What do you think of the #MeToo movement?
ZHUK: (Through interpreter) I believe that if not for this movement in the U.S., we would not be talking about any of this right now. The women in America showed us how we can protect ourselves.
KELLY: Journalist Daria Zhuk, one of several women who have come forward with sexual harassment claims against powerful men. She believes those claims will maybe mark the beginning of a conversation here in Russia.
Copyright © 2018 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Hello … I want to start out today's column by explaining my absence in the paper for the last three weeks.
I traveled to Xenia with my sister-in-law to attend a quilt show three weeks ago. She and I, along with several other ladies, got food poisoning from our lunch.
Within two days I was admitted to the hospital for the dehydration. While there, they discovered I had pneumonia so I ended up staying for three days.
Within a week, I got an adverse reaction from one of the medications I took and I am just getting over that. I hope I am on the road to better health.
Today I am just going to pass on some of my favorite recipes for you to add to your file. Until next week I think you will enjoy these recipes.
BASIL-PARMESAN BISCUITS
Not only are these biscuits delicious, but they are so very colorful.
2 cups flour (leveled off)
2 tablespoons sugar
4 teaspoons baking powder
1/4 teaspoons salt
1/4 cup chilled butter, cut in small pieces
2/3 cup chopped fresh basil
1/2 cup finely grated Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese
2/3 cup 2% milk
1 large egg
Preheat oven to 425 degrees. Lightly spoon flour in measuring cups and level with knife. Combine flour and next three ingredients in a medium bowl, stirring with a whisk. Cut in butter with a pastry blender until mixture resembles coarse meal. Stir in basil and cheese; combine milk and egg in a small bowl, stirring with a whisk. Add milk mixture to flour mixture; stir just until moist. Turn dough out onto a flour surface; pat to a 1” circle. Cut with a 2” biscuit cutter into 12 biscuits. Place biscuits onto a greased cookie sheet. Bake at 425 degrees for 15 minutes. Remove from oven and cool. Makes 12 biscuits.
MINI LEMON-POPPY SEED MUFFINS
Tiny little lemon nuggets of gold.
1 3/4 cups flour
3/4 cup sugar
2 1/2 teaspoons baking powder
1/2 teaspoons baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon grated lemon rind
1 tablespoon poppy seeds
1 1/4 cups low fat buttermilk
2 tablespoons butter, melted
1 large egg, lightly beaten
Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Place 36 paper miniature muffin cup liners in miniature muffin cups; coat liners with cooking spray. Set aside.
Lightly spoon flour into dry measuring cups and level with a knife. Combine flour and next 4 ingredients in a medium bowl, stirring well with a whisk. Stir in lemon rind and poppy seed; make a well in the center of the flour mixture, combine buttermilk, butter and egg, stirring well with a whisk. Add to flour mixture, stirring just till moist. Spoon batter in prepared muffin cups, filling 3/4 full. Bake at 400 degrees from 15-17 minutes or until golden brown.
Cool 10 minutes in pans on wire rack, remove muffins from pan, cool completely on wire racks. Makes 36 mini muffins.
BEST BEEF BRISKET
This brisket recipe from Texas and is fork-tender.
1 teaspoon garlic salt
1 teaspoon garlic powder
1 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt
2 teaspoons pepper
2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce
5-6 pounds beef brisket, trimmed
1/3 cup sugar
1 cup barbecue sauce
1 cup Russian salad dressing
Combine first five ingredients; rub into beef. Tightly wrap beef in heavy duty aluminum foil. Place in ungreased 9”x13” baking pan. Bake at 300 degrees for 5 hours. Carefully remove foil from beef; set beef aside. Measure 1 cup of broth; discard any remaining broth. Return brisket to baking pan; mix together 1 cup broth, sugar, barbecue sauce and salad dressing; pour over the brisket. Bake, covered (with foil or lid) at 325 degrees for 30 minutes. Uncover and bake for 30 minutes more. Serve with barbecue sauce mixture. Serves 10-12.
Here's to a warm weekend of food and fun.
Sheryl Sollars, a Clinton County native, is an accomplished cook and homemaker. She contributes her column “Welcome to My Kitchen” out of her love of homemaking and of sharing her thoughts with her readers. If you have cooking questions or a recipe you want to share, please contact Sheryl at kitchenlady44@yahoo.com.
https://www.wnewsj.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/22/2018/05/web1_Sheryl-Sollars.jpg
Monday, January 2, 2017 at 4:00 am |
Israel Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu (R) and Finance Minister Moshe Kachlon. (Yonatan Sindel/Flash90)
YERUSHALAYIM - In a world where countries are going into hock at an alarming pace, Israel has beaten its own goal on debt reduction by three years. At the dawn of 2017, Israel's debt to GDP [Gross Domestic Product] ratio – a key factor used to determine international credit ratings – fell to 60.4 percent. The government had set 2020 as the goal for when the ratio would fall to 60 percent.
In that area, Israel was performing better than most advanced nations. In the U.S., debt to GDP ratio – the amount that an economy would have to produce in order to pay off its debts – was 104 percent, while Canada's was 91.5 percent, France's 98.1 percent, and the U.K.'s 89.2 percent. Overall in the EU, the figure was 85.2 percent. The world “champion” is Japan, where the ratio is 229.2 percent.
The development is all the more admirable, officials at the Bank of Israel said, because it was taking place at a time when Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu and Finance Minister Moshe Kachlon had reduced taxes for average workers. The BOI had been convinced that the 60 percent goal was unattainable unless taxes were raised.
Speaking at Sunday's Cabinet meeting, Netanyahu said that “we have seen a dramatic fall in our national debt this year, beating our goal on debt to GDP ratio by several years. This performance by the Israeli economy is exceptional among Western countries. We also saw this past year a 20-percent increase in industrial productivity investment, a statistic that indicates that investors have faith in the Israeli economy.”
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Crewe Alex now have the experience and team spirit to make a promotion push.
That's according to defender Michael Raynes, who says things have changed at Gresty Road.
The 30-year-old arrived to a youthful dressing room last summer, and was part of a side which struggled desperately for confidence at times during his first campaign.
But now the squad has returned to full training, the former Carlisle and Stockport man can see a real difference which, he believes, could be an asset in League Two this time around.
Raynes said: “When I first got here I looked in that dressing room and saw a lot of kids, and they were really just kids.
“But this year when I came in, they are not kids anymore, they are men.
“They know what they have to do and you look at them as first team professionals.
“They've stepped up a level.
“Last year we had real highs and real lows, and coming through that together can only make you better as people and better as a team.
“It's huge, the emotions we felt, but it could be a real positive now.
“I've got a couple of promotions on my CV and I'd kill for another couple. It's what makes you come in every morning.”
The squad, who kept themselves in shape over the summer with personal fitness and diet plans as well as being required to attend at least seven extra sessions at Reaseheath, got back into full-time action last week.
A number of trialists and former Alex players, who are out of contract and just keeping fit, are part of the group.
Raynes, who is managing a knee injury and is not ready to play yet, says the players are raring to go.
He added: “We have a good test against Wigan, and then the games come thick and fast and that's what you need, it's how you get your sharpness.
“The boys have come back really fit, They beat all the scores from last season so we have had a really good start.
“We might even have to rein a few people back in, they've come back that fit!
“Even the older boys Ports [Chris Porter] and Greeny [Paul Green] are winning all the races, and it's a testament to them of how well they look after themselves.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
In the run-up to Christmas Eve, there's nothing more to get you in the festive mood than the Christmas tree in the corner of a room, festooned with twinkly lights and an array of baubles.
But now as we welcome in 2017 thoughts are turning back to school and work, the sagging branches are looking a bit sad and rooms are feeling just a bit too crammed full.
There's probably more pine needles on the floor than on the lower boughs, and that traditional Christmas tree smell has all but faded.
You may have already taken them down, but the tradition, since the Victorian era, is to remove decorations on Twelfth Night.
Read more: Can you match the stars to their very own Christmas trees?
Every year this very tradition causes confusion, as people are left scratching their heads wondering when the date falls and why. Read on for the answers and the date when you should take down your decorations.
When is Twelfth Night?
(Photo: Rex)
Depending on which faith you follow it's either January 5 or January 6, and the last day you should keep festive decorations up.
A day sooner or later is considered unlucky, and if decorations are not removed on Twelfth Night then according to tradition they should stay up all year.
Until the 19th century though, people would keep their decorations up until Candlemas Day on February 2.
Twelfth Night falls on January 5 and Epiphany on January 6. Twelfth Night is so called because traditionally Christmas was a 12 day celebration, beginning on December 25. This can create some confusion as some will class January 6 as Twelfth Night because it is the 12th day after Christmas.
Epiphany marks the end of Christmas, when Jesus was baptised by John the Baptist and the Three Kings came to visit bearing gifts, guided by the star which is now represented in the twinkling lights adorning our homes.
Why is it unlucky?
(Photo: Getty)
January 5 is observed as the last day of Christmas festivities - the eve of the Epiphany.
In the past it was believed that tree-spirits lived in the greenery – such as holly and ivy – that people used to decorate their homes.
While the festive season provided shelter for these spirits during the winter, they needed to be released outside once Christmas was over.
If this custom wasn't followed, greenery would not return and vegetation would not grow as a result, causing agricultural and then food problems.
Even though Christmas decorations are now less about foliage and more about baubles, glitter, tinsel and singing Santas, many people still adhere to the superstition.
Do all countries follow this tradition?
(Photo: PA)
No.
Because there is disagreement as to whether January 5 or January 6 is actually Twelfth Night lots of countries end up taking down their festooned trees at different times. This can also depend on when people actually celebrate the festive season - for example in Russia Christmas Day falls on January 7.
But January 6 is officially the day of the Epiphany.
This is from the Christian tradition that tells us Jesus was born on December 25, but the Magi didn't actually arrive in Bethlehem with his presents until January 6.
Children were traditionally told that if you took down your decorations before the Eve of the Epiphany, the wise men might not be able to find their way - because Christmas lights represent the Star of Bethlehem which guided them to Jesus.
A number of countries in Europe follow the January 6 tradition, including the Germans, Poles and Czechs.
However for some people, simply having the decorations up into the New Year is too much and many will be taking them down today.
What can I do with my Christmas tree?
(Photo: Getty)
Real Christmas trees will be accepted at most household tips, but local authorities, garden centres and community groups may accept them for recycling.
Find out where might be suitable for this in your area.
How should I store my Christmas decorations?
(Photo: Getty)
If your decorations aren't going into a loft or attic, make sure they're stored in a watertight, plastic box - in fact, doing this wherever they are kept will protect them from damp and pests.
It's also worth wrapping fragile Christmas ornaments in tissue paper before storage - and, of course, coiling the lights in a neat circle round your arm.
Obviously the loft fairies will have tangled them into a mess by next December, but at least you can say you tried when you open them in a frazzled temper next time.
What about old Christmas cards and wrapping paper?
The UK is estimated to use almost 300,000 tonnes of card packaging at Christmas, enough to make a cardboard motorway stretching from Birmingham to Lapland and back 110 times.
Recycle Now is urging consumers to recycle this material rather than bin it.
Shiny and metallic varieties of wrapping paper are not recyclable, so the campaign advises people to use the ‘scrunch test' to check.
If you scrunch the paper in your hand and it stays in a ball then it can by recycled but it can't if the paper springs back.
If you're recycling bin is full, several shops such as Marks and Spencer run card recycling schemes to raise funds for charity.
For every 1,000 cards dropped in to M&S stores in January, a tree is planted by the Woodland Trust . Last year 32 million cards were collected and 32,000 trees planted.
ARAYA Hammond has made it to the top five in the juniors section of the Aboriginal Model Search and said she's looking forward to the finals in Sydney.
"Going to Sydney, it'll be an amazing experience," she said.
The 13-year-old from Noosaville entered in the modelling competition on the advice of her mum, Judy Hammond, after she showed an interest in the fashion and beauty industry.
"I really wanted to do modelling so mum found this one for me," Araya said.
"I saw some models on Instagram and they inspired me.
"I want to be either a model, or a make-up artist, or involved in the beauty or make-up industry when I'm older."
Judy said she's always encouraging Araya to take on new hobbies, and Araya's latest venture into modelling has proved she definitely has a talent for it.
"She used to do ballet, and play the violin," Judy said.
"She's in a swimming squad at Good Shepherd, she likes swimming.
"I used to work in community services. I noticed if young people have a focus they're less likely to get into trouble. It's good to be busy.
"I'm very proud of her doing so well in the modelling competition so far."
Araya said the competition provided an opportunity for her to learn more about her family heritage.
STAYING TRUE: Araya Hammond, 13, from Noosaville, is a finalist in the Aboriginal Model Search and will be walking the catwalk in a Tigerlily dress supplied by the Hastings St store. Amber Macpherson
"It let me learn more about my family history, which is from the Gungari and Kamararoi, and what mob I'm from," she said.
"I'm proud that I'm able to do this and they've got a competition for Aboriginal people and to meet others who are doing it, too.
"I met a lot of new friends there. I really enjoy walking down the red carpet and getting ready for it, and the friends I've met."
Judy said the competition had boosted Araya's confidence and introduced her to role models in the industry.
"Araya's always been shy but she really was more confident and out of her shell (while she was competing)," she said.
"We met lots of people from all over Australia. The indigenous model Samantha Harris, she saw how there was only a few Aboriginal people and was trying to get more faces in there (the modelling industry)."
After making it through the regional finals in Gympie and the state finals in Brisbane, Araya is ready to rock the judges once more in her beautiful frock supplied by Tigerlily.
"They (the judges) asked what it is to be a model," Araya said.
"To be a model you have to be yourself and stay true to yourself."
For Some Hard-To-Find Tumors, Doctors See Promise In Artificial Intelligence
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy of The Felix Project Courtesy of The Felix Project
Artificial intelligence, which is bringing us everything from self-driving cars to personalized ads on the web, is also invading the world of medicine.
In radiology, this technology is increasingly helping doctors in their jobs. A computer program that assists doctors in diagnosing strokes garnered approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration earlier this year. Another that helps doctors diagnose broken wrists in x-ray images won FDA approval on May 24th.
One particularly intriguing line of research seeks to train computers to diagnose one of the deadliest of all malignancies, pancreatic cancer, when the disease is still readily treatable.
That's the vision of Dr. Elliot Fishman, a professor of radiology at Johns Hopkins Medicine in Baltimore. Artificial intelligence and radiology seem like a natural match, since so much of the task of reading images involves pattern recognition. It's a dream that's been decades in the making, Fishman says.
"When I started in radiology, they said, 'Ok don't worry about reading the chest x-rays because the computers will read them,' " Fishman says. "That was 35 years ago!"
Enlarge this image toggle caption Meredith Rizzo/NPR Meredith Rizzo/NPR
Computers still can't perform the seemingly simple task of reading a chest x-ray, despite sky-high expectations and more than a little hype around the role of artificial intelligence. Fishman is undaunted as he turns this technology on pancreatic cancer.
And that disease is a huge challenge. Only 7 percent of patients given a pancreatic cancer diagnosis are alive five years later. One reason the disease is so deadly is that doctors usually diagnose it when it's too late to remove the tumors with surgery. Fishman and his team want to change that, by training computers to recognize pancreatic cancer early. Working with Johns Hopkins computer science students and faculty, they are helping develop a tumor-detecting algorithm that could be built into CT scanner software.
Americans get 40 million CT scans of the abdomen every year, for everything from car accidents to back pain. Imagine if a computer program with expert abilities could look for pancreas tumors in all those scans.
"That's the ultimate opportunity — to be able to diagnose it before you have any symptoms and at a stage where it's even maybe too subtle for a radiologist to be able to detect it," says Dr. Karen Horton, chair of the Johns Hopkins radiology department and Fishman's collaborator on the project.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Meredith Rizzo/NPR Meredith Rizzo/NPR
The challenge lies in teaching a computer to detect what a well-trained doctor knows to look for.
"Elliot and I are very sub-specialized so we're really, really good," Horton says matter-of-factly. "We see more pancreatic cancer than probably anyone in the world."
She says if the computer algorithm could capture their collective knowledge about how to diagnose pancreatic cancer and give that expertise to the typical doctor, "you could be, I would argue, better than us, but certainly as good as us — which would mean better than most of the practicing radiologists."
Even a program perfectly attuned to finding patterns can't reliably recognize cancer if it hasn't been trained on reliable starting material.
When it comes to developing AI, "sometimes people say, 'oh just take a bunch of cases and put them in a computer and the computer will figure out what to do'," Fishman says. "That's nonsensical."
The Felix Project at Johns Hopkins, as the pancreas effort is called, pours a huge amount of human time, labor and intellect into training computers to recognize the difference between a normal pancreas and one with a tumor.
Of all the internal organs to deal with, "the pancreas is the hardest," Fishman says. "The kidney looks like a kidney, the liver's a big thing." On the other hand, he says, "The pancreas is a very soft organ, it sits way in the middle and the shape varies from patient to patient. Just finding the pancreas, even for radiologists, is at times a challenge."
Enlarge this image toggle caption Meredith Rizzo/NPR Meredith Rizzo/NPR
Eva Zinreich, a retired oncologist, is up for that challenge. She is one of a team of medical experts who spend their days pouring over CT scans and teaching the computer how to recognize the pancreas, other organs, and then, tumors within the pancreas.
She sits at a computer workstation, wielding a digital paintbrush.
"I'll show you in 3D because that's the fun stuff, ok?" she says as she sets about coloring in the aorta and other blood vessels on a scan.
Next, she colors the pancreas yellow.
"You see that shaded area?" she asks. "That's the tumor," and she proceeds to color it red.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Meredith Rizzo/NPR Meredith Rizzo/NPR
It will take her almost four hours just to mark up this single scan. Four medical experts have been working full-time for well over a year on this project. They've done this painstaking work on scans from about 1,000 healthy people, and their tally of pancreatic cancer images is now approaching 1,000 as well, Fishman says.
They are feeding their annotated scans into the project's computer program and gradually teaching it to recognize the same signs of a tumor that radiologists now pick out of the scans.
At another workstation in the lab, radiologist Linda Chu is trying to make the computer system even more adept than Elliot Fishman and Karen Horton are at recognizing pancreas cancers. She's developing ways for the computer to look for patterns in the scan that the human eye can't pick out. It's interpreting textures in the images, rather than shapes and shading.
Chu says she's making tentative progress. For example, she's been training the software to identify subtle clues that distinguish between a benign cyst and cancer.
"We don't truly understand what the computer is seeing, but clearly the computer is able to see something in the images that us humans cannot comprehend at this point," Chu says.
But this is also part of the challenge of AI — if the computer highlights something that a human expert can't see, and it's not clear how it arrived at that conclusion, can you trust it?
"That's what makes the research interesting!" Chu says.
Computer science students from the Johns Hopkins University main campus are key to developing the software that's learning how to read and interpret the images that flow from Fishman's lab.
The Lustgarten Foundation, which is focused on pancreatic cancer, has provided nearly $4 million over two years to fund the Felix Project. Horton says if it's successful, all the information they collected on healthy people can be used as a starting point to study tumors elsewhere in the body.
"You could have Felix kidney, Felix liver, Felix lung, Felix, heart," she says. And they could all go together into the scanner software.
The project is named after the "Felix Felicis" good-luck potion, from the Harry Potter books. And, absent an effective magic spell, the laborious process is a reminder that success in bringing artificial intelligence to medicine will not be as simple as dumping piles of data into a computer and trusting that an algorithm will sort it all out.
You can contact Richard Harris at rharris@npr.org.
5 worst Intercontinental Championship changes since 2010
The Intercontinental Championship deserves better than this.
@HJKettle by Harry Kettle Top 5 / Top 10 15 Jun 2017, 02:04 IST
A truly beautiful title
The Intercontinental Championship is a delicate flower, and as such, it deserves to be treated with respect. Unfortunately, the WWE have a hit and miss relationship with respecting title belts, so the credibility of the secondary title has taken some serious shots to the head over the last few years. Seriously, it hasn't been pretty.
Over the course of the last seven years, the belt has changed hands an astronomical amount of times, which is hardly surprising given the nature of creative's booking. Thankfully, there have been a couple of highlights amongst all the rubble, most notably The Miz and Cody Rhodes, but the lows far outweigh the highs on this occasion.
The problem that many will have with this list is that the Superstars involved are all incredibly talented, but the title switch in question just didn't make sense at the time. They've all found a degree of success outside of these moments, but it does beg the question of “what were they thinking?” when we look back on these shambolic decisions. Oh well, at least Roman gets to keep looking strong right? Right?
With all of that being said, here are the five worst IC Title changes since 2010.
#1 Ezekiel Jackson – Capitol Punishment 2011
A human machine
Ezekiel Jackson appeared to be doomed from the start, with the former Corre member being thrust into positions that he just wasn't quite ready for. Case and point: Jackson defeated former mentor Wade Barrett for the Intercontinental Championship at one of the most pointless PPVs in history: Capitol Punishment.
They rushed the break up of the stable because of its lack of success, which meant that they felt pressured into pushing the muscle of the group way too quickly. This felt like a severely watered down version of the Batista/Triple H dynamic from back in 2005, and thankfully Cody Rhodes ended this title reign before it gained any real momentum.
Also read: 5 greatest Intercontinental Champions of all time
Rabbit rescue organizations are preparing for an influx of surrendered and stray bunnies as Easter weekend comes to an end.
Kaylie Ngo, president of London, Ont.,-based Hoppy Hearts, said the peak season for her rescue starts in June and July — and much of the volume stems from bunnies that were hastily purchased as Easter gifts for kids.
Bunnies are usually given as gifts when they're about eight weeks old, Ngo said. But after a few months, their personalities start to shift.
“They start becoming very hormonal and active little teenagers that like to poop and pee and start destroying things,” she said.
The executive director of Rabbit Rescue Inc. in Cambridge, Ont., said oftentimes, parents who buy the animals for their kids don't understand what they're getting into.
“They're really similar to cats and dogs, not like hamsters and gerbils,” Haviva Porter-Lush said. They can't be kept in a small cage, for instance. Porter-Lush recommends keeping them in a pen or a dedicated room to themselves.
And they're also more like cats and dogs in terms of cost than many people realize, she added.
“When people see them in the store for $30 or $40, they don't realize that, say, 'in five or six months time, I'm going to need to spend $300 to $700 getting my rabbit spayed.”'
Ngo said that sometimes, a lack of veterinary care can be an issue for rabbit owners.
“Despite being the third most popular pet in North America, they are still considered an exotic pet by many veterinarians, and it can be really, really hard to find a good veterinarian to care for the rabbit,” she said.
Both Hoppy Hearts and Rabbit Rescue Inc. send rabbits that are up for adoption to foster homes — neither organization has a dedicated shelter space.
“It's hard, because it's a busy time of year and we get full very quickly,” said Porter-Lush, adding that they're limited by the number of people who have agreed to act as foster families.
In fact, Ngo said her rescue has become so busy that it's had to stop accepting owner-surrendered bunnies. Right now, she said, Hoppy Hearts is only taking in rabbits that have been abandoned outside.
“Even if only temporarily, being put outside is a death sentence,” she said.
So when they get the call about a domestic rabbit that someone has spotted outside, they act fast. Ngo said that at least two people will go out to the scene and try to corral the rabbit into a pen.
Then, they scan the bunny for immediate health concerns: dental issues, parasites and injuries. If it's all clear, they go ahead and get the bunny spayed or neutered as quickly as possible.
Both Ngo and Porter-Lush recommend fostering a rabbit before eventually adopting one — it's less commitment, and gives people a chance to see whether a rabbit is a good fit for their household.
Tennessee Athletics Director Phillip Fulmer speaks during the introduction ceremony of Jeremy Pruitt as Tennessee's next head football coach at the Neyland Stadium Peyton Manning Locker Room in Knoxville, Tenn. on Thursday, December 7, 2017. (Photo: Calvin Mattheis/News Sentinel)
Phillip Fulmer visited Tennessee's women's basketball practice on Friday in his new role as the school's athletic director. Lady Vols coach Holly Warlick thought her players were better for the experience.
CLOSE Tennessee coach Holly Warlick anticipates Texas game in context of this season, which has been marked to date by more even-keel play Dan Fleser
"I think it was great for our kids to put their eyes on our new athletic director," Warlick said.
Fulmer took over on Dec. 1, replacing John Currie, who was suspended with pay as the university tries to fire him for cause. Currie's tenure met its end amid a chaotic football coaching search after Currie fired Butch Jones on Nov. 12.
Fulmer spent the past week completing the search. On Thursday night, he introduced Alabama defensive coordinator Jeremy Pruitt as Tennessee's new coach.
More: UT Vols football: Pruitt's plans for offense, defense echo Alabama's style
More: Jeremy Pruitt introduced at Vols basketball game
"He just wanted to show his support and I appreciate that," Warlick said of Fulmer's visit, "and to make sure (our players) are not getting lost in all the football search. He's proud of the team and they're extremely important to this university."
Warlick said each player introduced herself to Fulmer. The No.11 Lady Vols (9-0) face No. 2 Texas (7-0) at 3 p.m. Sunday at Thompson-Boling Arena.
More: Lady Vols: Tennessee takes on Texas in different context
"There's something to be said for a person that's lived and breathed this program and been here," Warlick said.
Warlick, a former Lady Vols player and assistant coach, noted the similarities between her background and Fulmer's. He played football at Tennessee, served as an assistant and was head coach from 1992-2008, guiding the team to the 1998 national championship.
"There's a lot of love and understanding of tradition from both of us because we've lived it," Warlick said. "We know how important it is to us and we want everybody else to know how special this place is."
LAKEFIELD — The rematch of last year's PJHL East Division final should be even better than the one that went six games last season.
The Orr Division-champion Lakefield Chiefs will host the Tod Division-champion Port Hope Panthers beginning at 7:25 p.m. Tuesday at the Lakefield-Smith Community Centre.
The Panthers won last season but will face a more experienced and improved Chiefs squad.
"They're still a pretty dominating team," Chiefs coach Jamie Arcand said, of Port Hope.
"They still have the size and the skill. They have a lot of depth on their back-end which is kind of similar to what we have. Looking at the two teams, I'd say we're pretty evenly matched. We have all the same factors, the size, the skill, depth at defence and one of the best goalies in the entire league, in my opinion. Hopefully, that's going to be the difference maker for us."
Game 2 in the best-of-seven series is at 8 p.m. Thursday in Port Hope with Game 3 in Lakefield at 7:25 p.m. Saturday and Game 4 in Port Hope at 7:30 p.m. Tuesday, March 27. If necessary, Game 5 is at 7:25 p.m. March 29 in Lakefield, Game 6 at 7:30 p.m. March 31 in Port Hope and Game 7 at 1:30 p.m. April 1 in Lakefield.
Two Toronto Star investigative reporting projects were among those honoured at one of Canada's most prestigious public service journalism awards Wednesday night.
The Star's Panama Papers, and Secrecy and the SIU series were each given citations of merit as nominees for this year's Michener award.
The top prize was awarded to London Free Press for its two-year investigation into the life and death of Jamie High, which exposed shortfalls in policing, bail, community and hospital mental health care.
Robert Cribb, Marco Chown Oved and Tanya Talaga represented the Star in its collaboration with 100 media outlets around the world who worked together to investigate what has now been dubbed the Panama Papers.
Spearheaded by the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists (ICIJ), the Pulitzer Prize-winning investigation looked into the contents of 11.5 million files leaked from inside Mossack Fonseca, a Panama-headquartered law firm that specialized in building offshore companies.
KANSAS CITY, Mo. – Fort Hays State junior Decano Cronin has been named the MIAA Men's Co-Track Athlete of the Week on Tuesday (Feb. 14). He shares the honor this week with distance runner Vincent Kiprop from Missouri Southern.
Cronin set a new FHSU record in the 800 meters by running a time of 1:50.27 at the Concordia Invitational in Seward, Neb. Due to the track size, the time was converted down to 1:48.72 giving him an automatic qualifying mark and the second-fastest time in the nation. He won the event, but teammate Brett Meyer was right on his heels, who also ran an automatic qualifying time. That gives FHSU two of the three runners nationally to post automatic qualifying times in the 800 this season. Cronin already has set four new individual records at FHSU for the indoor season in the mid-distances after transferring to FHSU at the beginning of the spring semester.
At Pittsburg State, Vincent Kiprop broke his own 3000-meter record by more than 13 seconds as he placed second with a time of 8:04.04. That mark ranks second nationally, and tops in the MIAA.
Bryan Burns of Missouri Southern earned the Field Athlete of the Week award for his efforts in the shot put and weight throw this past week.
FHSU Athletics
KAZAN, RUSSIA—To get past Belgium in the quarterfinals at the World Cup, Brazil has to do something it has not been able to do since it last won the tournament in 2002: overcome European opposition in the knockout stages. Since beating Germany 2-0 in the 2002 World Cup final, the five-time winner has been eliminated by European sides in the three subsequent competitions. Brazil lost to France and the Netherlands in the quarterfinals of the 2006 and 2010 World Cups and was humiliated 7-1 by Germany in the semifinals four years ago at home.
Belgian players work out Wednesday at Guchkovo Stadium in Dedovsk, Russia. ( Hassan Ammar / The Associated Press )
Fortunately for the Selecao, Belgium has a poor record against South American sides at the World Cup. Not only has Belgium not won any of its games against South American teams in the knockout stages, it hasn't even managed to score a goal. Most recently, Belgium lost 1-0 to Argentina in the 2014 quarterfinals. The core of that side remains in place in Russia, where Belgium has won all four of its matches, including coming back from 2-0 down to beat Japan in the round of 16 with a thrilling counterattack in the final seconds of injury time. Everyone knew about the array of talent running through the Belgium side, from Thibaut Courtois in goal to Kevin De Bruyne in midfield and Eden Hazard and Romelu Lukaku up front. The main questions following disappointing defeats in the 2014 World Cup and the 2016 European Championship centred on the team's character.
Article Continued Below
That 3-2 victory over Japan was the first time a team has overcome a two-goal deficit to win a World Cup game outright since West Germany beat England in 1970, and the first to do it in regulation since Portugal came from three down to beat North Korea in 1966. It has fueled confidence inside the Belgium camp that it can deal with adversity and make the World Cup semifinals for the first time since 1986. “Maybe it's this sort of match that we needed for the future,” said Hazard, the captain. Coach Roberto Martinez won praise for his substitutions, with both Marouane Fellaini and Nacer Chadli scoring, the latter with practically the last kick of the match. “You have to find solutions, you have to find reaction but what you have to find more than anything is the desire and togetherness of a group of players, that they are desperate to perform,” Martinez said. Unlike the game against Japan, Martinez said, Belgium will be the underdog in the quarterfinal against Brazil and as such should play with a certain amount of freedom.
“I think it's a game that when you are a little boy, you dream of being involved in a World Cup, facing Brazil in a quarterfinal,” he said, “so from our point of view we can enjoy from the first second.” Brazil coach Tite dismissed talk that his team is the favourite to win the match against Belgium, let alone the World Cup.
Article Continued Below
“Everything is open, up for grabs,” he said. The winner will play France or Uruguay in the semifinals in St. Petersburg on Tuesday. WHAT WILL GIVE? Belgium is the competition's top scorer with 12 in its four games, with the goals spread around the team. Lukaku has four but seven of his teammates have scored, too. Though Brazil has yet to hit the heights on the attacking front, it and Uruguay have been the meanest defences in the competition, conceding just one goal apiece in four matches. There is a worry for Brazil heading into the Belgium match: The team will be without midfielder Casemiro, who is suspended after picking up a second yellow card in the 2-0 win over Mexico in the round of 16. Casemiro has provided a strong shield in front of the Brazilian defence. One option could see Fernandinho come into the side for a role he is accustomed to playing at Manchester City. WALKING A TIGHTROPE As has been the case throughout this World Cup, Brazilian forward Neymar will likely garner much of the attention during the match, both for his skills and speed as well as his on-field theatrics. Neymar will have to be careful not to pick up another booking as he would miss a semifinal should Brazil prevail. Others walking a tightrope are midfielder Philippe Coutinho and defender Filipe Luis. For Belgium, defender Jan Vertonghen and De Bruyne are carrying yellow cards as well.
WWE News: Linda McMahon voted in to top Donald Trump post
The former WWE CEO Linda McMahon has been voted into her post in the Small Business Administration.
by Carl Gac News 15 Feb 2017, 12:21 IST
Linda McMahon has been voted into her post in the Small Business Administration
What's the story?
Linda McMahon, the former WWE CEO, has been voted in by the United States Senate as the new leader of the Small Business Administration. McMahon was nominated for the post by new United States President Donald Trump, a longtime family friend of the McMahons.
In case you didn't know...
It was in January that Donald Trump saw Linda McMahon step in front of the Small Business and Entrepreneurship Committee, to be questioned before the vote for the role of the head of the Small Business Administration. The Senate then voted, with 81 votes to 19 in favour of McMahon.
The McMahon family have a relationship with the Trumps dating back to the 1980's, the Trump Plaza in Atlantic City hosted both WrestleMania 4 and 5.
The heart of the matter
Linda McMahon has a history in politics, so her appointment to this role comes as no real surprise. She ran for the U.S. Senate twice but missed out on both occasions. The McMahon family put over $7 million into super PAC's which supported Trump's campaign for President.
Also read: 5 Things you didn't know about Donald Trump's relationship with WWE and the McMahons
This appointment will be a welcome step up for McMahon, for her to be leading an important part of the United States Business Administration.
What's next?
Linda McMahon was called a “phenomenal business leader” and someone who could “unleash America's entrepreneurial spirit all across the country” by Donald Trump when he nominated her for the post back in December 2016.
She will now be in charge of the group which is in charge of the financing and training of small businesses across the country.
Sportskeeda's take
This is a big step into politics for Linda McMahon. She has been looking for some kind of involvement in the government since she began her first run to be a Senator back in 2009.
She has a lot of experience in business from her time running the WWE alongside her husband Vince McMahon, from the early 1980's until the early 2000's. This post will finally give Linda the kind of opportunity that she has craved for, for a long time.
Send us news tips at fightclub@sportskeeda.com
A week before Ontario residents head to the polls, the three main party leaders are looking for votes across the southern regions of the province today.
Liberal Leader Kathleen Wynne takes her campaign to eastern Ontario, making an announcement in Orleans, visiting a cheese factory in St-Albert, and attending an evening barbecue in Belleville.
NDP Leader Andrea Horwath is stumping for votes in the GTA, where she's scheduled an announcement and a campaign event in Toronto, before heading to Mississauga tonight where she'll attend an Iftar dinner.
Progressive Conservative Leader Doug Ford's schedule has him in the southwest for a morning announcement in London and an evening rally in Windsor.
There are plenty of products on offer, but no compelling reason to choose them above anyone else. You'll likely be better off elsewhere.
If you've ever looked for a UK web host, you're sure to have come across Easyspace. The company has been around for 20 years and is now a consumer hosting brand of iomart, a group which also includes the more business-oriented Redstation and Rapidswitch.
Easyspace immediately grabbed our attention with its Pic 'N' Mix web hosting plan, a clever scheme which enables building your own hosting package by choosing the levels of disk space, email accounts and databases you actually need.
If you've created a few simple HTML pages for a personal site, for instance, you could create a plan with a single email account, 3GB disk space and no databases. That would cost you £24.60 ($31) a year excluding VAT, discounted to £98.40 ($123) if you buy five years up-front – that's the equivalent of £1.64 ($2.05) a month (a free domain name is included).
Pic 'N' Mix offers less value as you allocate more resources. 5 email accounts, 5GB disk space and 2 databases costs £63 ($79) per year. In comparison, Namecheap's Value plan gives you 50 emails, 20GB disk space and 50 databases for around half the price, and offers a massive discount for the first year. Still, if you need an unusual balance of resources – 3GB of disk space but 200 email accounts – Pic 'N' Mix may still have some appeal.
Easyspace's StarterPlus account – which is £48 ($60) a year – could be a better choice for general hosting. There's ‘only' 10GB of storage space and one FTP account, but you get unlimited bandwidth and subdomains, 100 mailboxes with 10GB storage space each, up to 5 x 500MB databases, and 1-click installation of WordPress and other apps.
The Business plan – priced at £96 ($120) a year – brings unlimited webspace and MySQL databases. Email accounts are limited to 200 and there's still only a single FTP account, but you do get goMobi's mobile website builder thrown in, and site backup and restore with yearly purchases. This account can also be billed monthly (Pick 'N' Mix and StarterPlus require paying at least a year upfront).
More specialist products include online stores from £15 ($19) a month, managed WordPress from £15 ($19) a month, VPS from £10 ($12.50) a month and custom dedicated servers from £25 ($31) a month.
Every plan gets basic shared SSL for free, perhaps enough for personal sites, although business and web stores might need more. Your site will be hosted in a UK data centre, most plans allow you to choose Linux or Windows hosting for free, and payments are mostly very flexible. You can pay monthly on some of the high-end accounts, yearly, and sometimes up to 5 years, gaining extra discounts along the way.
Overall Easyspace seems good value, although there are some catches. The 1-click service is free for the first year only, and is £5 ($6.25) per year after that. All plans, even Business, support a single domain and one FTP account only. And although there's a money-back guarantee, it covers you for seven days only. 14 days is more common, and some hosts give you 30 days or more.
Account setup
The Easyspace website does a good job of presenting its plans side-by-side. Key details are displayed upfront, and more technical information is only a click away.
Sales agents are accessible via live chat if you need help. We tried this out with a simple question and an agent responded, asked a question to clarify, and gave us a helpful answer, all within a couple of minutes.
During the purchase process we were able to decide on Linux or Windows hosting, and choose a purchase period. The site made some welcome efforts to guide us, explaining that Linux was required for apps like WordPress, and highlighting the discount we'd get if we paid for several years in one go.
Marketing efforts seemed at first to be kept to a minimum. Our cart had options for GoMobi and shopping cart trials, and a WHOIS privacy service, but they weren't added by default and could safely be ignored.
The site asked us to enter our name, physical address, phone number and email address to create an account.
Our final order summary included a couple of trials, even though we hadn't asked for them (mail filter, premium backup). But they're free and can be cancelled from the Easyspace console, or you can delete them from your cart in a couple of clicks.
Payments are by credit card only – there's no PayPal option, which could be an issue for some. We handed over our details anyway, our cash was transferred and Easyspace left us at a confirmation page displaying the product we'd just bought, and asking us to wait for a message telling us more.
Creating a site
Easyspace sent us an email almost immediately after purchase giving us more details on the account. This was a little more informative than average, although you couldn't get close to Namecheap's excellent ‘welcome' message.
We logged into the Control Panel anyway, and were initially baffled. Where did we manage our hosting space? Other hosts display a product, you click Manage and are taken to a cPanel-like console. If we selected ‘Manage hosting' in Easyspace, it displayed only basic details of the account. Trying ‘Manage domain' displayed a warning that our account was still being set up, even hours later. There must be some startup tutorials which covered these basics, right? Wrong. Or if they exist, we couldn't see them.
This seemed a good opportunity to test the support ticket system, so we posted a question, but the hours ticked by with no response. When we accidentally opened a ‘transfer domains away from Easyspace' section, though, we received an automated message immediately – the idea of losing business seems to be more important than customer support.
Some nine hours later a support agent replied to our ticket. He explained that our account wouldn't be activated until our chosen domain's DNS was set to use Easyspace name servers. The response was excellent, very detailed, covered everything we needed to do and advised of possible problems, too.
Still, the problem highlighted an issue with Easyspace. Other hosts usually give you direct access to the space on your server so you can begin uploading files or working on a site immediately. Easyspace won't allow you to do anything until your domain DNS has resolved, a big hassle if you've not chosen it yet, or you're waiting for it to become available.
This won't be the situation for most people, of course, and what they'll see is more straightforward. The Easyspace control panel enables setting up FTP access and email accounts, you can use GoMobi's mobile website creator (with some accounts) to build simple websites, or easily install WordPress or other applications to power a site. It's far from our favourite site management interface, but it's not bad either, and you'll find your way around quickly enough.
Performance
Hosting support matters, irrespective of your level of experience, but Easyspace's web resources don't always make it easy to find what you need.
The first problem is that the company maintains two separate support databases. If you click the Support link in the customer control panel you'll get a small list of largely dated and sometimes entirely useless articles. The worst we found had an unhelpful title (‘MySQL Script'), very little text, and linked to a test script which no longer exists.
There is a second database which is much more up-to-date (take a look here), and Easyspace tries to link the two, but it's a clumsy system. If you search support for Outlook 2016, for instance, the latest article you'll see is ‘Outlook 2013 Email Setup'. Clicking this tells you to go to the other site, but doesn't say Outlook 2016 is supported. You have to click the link, find Outlook in the completely different interface in the Support Services site, and only then will you find the setup instructions you need.
The other problem is that even the up-to-date knowledgebase is short on useful information. When we checked the Hosting Help category it had only two sections: one on using WordPress, another on different FTP clients. These were incomplete, so for example the WordPress section had nothing on 1-click installations.
And when we tried searching on a more advanced topic – PHP – the site gave us 18 articles, none of which had any meaningful titles at all. Hits looked something like: ‘4. Support Services; Support Services email, hosting, DNS and SSL guides'. Would you know what question that might answer?
Getting support from a real person delivers better results, but can take a while. Our support ticket (discussed earlier) had an excellent response, but that response took around eight hours to arrive. Telephone support is another option, but it's only available 9am through to 5:30pm Monday to Friday, and it can take ten minutes or more sitting on hold before you're talking to anyone. (Easyspace details the support levels it provides in its Service Level Agreement. Click the SLA tab if that doesn't open by default.)
This won't necessarily matter if your needs are basic – if you simply want to upload a site and see it working, Easyspace might deliver just fine. We certainly didn't see any performance issues, with Bitcatcha and other benchmarks indicating marginally above-average results. They also showed a greater variation in results than usual, but server performance can be affected by many factors, and overall we found no speed issues.
Final verdict
Easyspace looks like good value in some situations, but has too many catches to recommend: hidden extra costs, annoying plan limits, poor support, no PayPal, 7-day money-back guarantee only… and the list goes on.
SAN FRANCISCO—Penguins at a California aquarium got more than their daily helping of fish to celebrate Valentine's Day.
Biologist Piper Dwight handed out red hearts to 14 African penguins at the California Academy of Sciences during a feeding on Monday.
Visitors took photos of the animals grabbing the hearts in their beaks and waddling around their enclosure. Some even fought over the thick felt hearts that can withstand water and are adorned with messages such as “You are the water beneath my wings.”
The penguins will use them to decorate their nests. Vikki McCloskey, assistant curator of the museum's Steinhart Aquarium, says it will encourage breeding and bonding by penguin couples.
She says male penguins in the wild attract a mate by making nests “look pretty nice.”
“Do you mean a mack-ee-ah-toe?” he asks, each syllable its own operetta.
It's official: hell hath frozen over and the outback ‘mud' is beginning to dry up. Yes, that's right, you can a good big-city-quality coffee in Australia's regions now. You just really, really have to know where to look, and it's often in places you might not expect, finds Steve Madgwick .
Laura Roadhouse is your typical low-slung Besser Block Lego-ed together roadhouse, a reliable all-rounder selling most things you need to parade into Australia's outer space; the fuel prices are high, the fishing ‘fashion' horrendous and, naturally, the generic coffee is muddy and tasteless.
I'd expect a coffee elocution lesson like this in Melbourne's Little Collins Street or Sydney's Surry Hills, but inside a highway roadhouse, halfway up to The Tip of Cape York? Well… I never!
Okay, so it wasn't quite waxy-moustachioed-barrister style, but my macchiato's beans weren't burnt, its flavour not bitter, and it was served at the perfect temperature, with just the right amount and consistency of milk that the finicky style requires.
Value favourite Travelodge Hotels has changed with its promise to be “refreshingly simpl... READ MORE
We're pretty lucky in this country to have some of the best beaches in the world, so whe... READ MORE
Honestly, it was as good as at least two hipster coffee spots close to my inner-city office, which claim (quite loudly) to be artisans. Most importantly, though, the coffee came into this world from a ‘proper' machine, not an urn, nor kettle, and was not poisoned with long-life milk.
I wonder if this moment marks ‘The Great Leap Forward' because if I, as a human male, ordered a turmeric latte from an outback roadhouse 30 years ago, I would have been punched in the eye socket. Fancy coffee was, as Johnny Warren said of Australian soccer in the 70s, deemed to be for “sheilas, wogs and poofters”.
But the story does not end here. Oh, no. Given that historical context, my next coffee, a couple of hours later, was very good. Yes, I just said it. I had a very good coffee in the outback.
The scene? One of Australia's best outback festivals and most important Indigenous events, the biennial Laura Aboriginal Dance Festival. It's a spirit-refreshing event, held in the scrub around the Queensland town, where you don't mind getting dusty and slumming it in a tent for a couple of nights.
Because of its isolation, facilities are rudimentary; the shower blocks are the only freestanding structures, so you mechanically adjust your food and beverage expectations accordingly. Saying that, the community stalls put on a good spread, punching above their weight, especially if you're after a serving of pig's blood and rice (a bargain at $15).
So I decide to put the petite Laura River Coffee stall to my macchiato test. “Long or short?” comes the rubber-band-quick reply. Nice start.
On the counter, a shade more than a minute later, comes a handsome cuppa served in the correct, embarrassingly small espresso cup. Its artful milk ‘stain' (the meaning of macchiato in Italian) shows that I am dealing with a much-practised hand.
But the first cup gets snatched back before I get the chance to snatch it. They're not happy with it for some reason. The replacement arrives two minutes later.
And then it happens… I down my first hipster coffee in the outback. Woah – good morning Laura!
“I learned how to make coffee in my coffee shop,” says David Barwick, who now farms turmeric and ginger. “I've been a chef for a long time and, if you can cook, you can make good coffee. It's all about the flavour.”
“I used to have a cafe in Cape Trib' so this is almost a community stall, especially for this event. I've been doing it for the past 12 years; once you start doing something you just keep doing it. When Laura is finished I put the machines in a shipping container for two years until I take them out and clean them for the next one.”
David sources his beans reasonably locally too, from NQ Gold in Mareeba on the Atherton Tablelands, and knows their story because he visits the farm to pick them up. Unsurprisingly, he appreciates my surprise at tasting a good coffee in the outback.
“It's not just the outback,” he says. “I once drove from Sydney to Cairns along the highway and you can't get a decent cup of coffee or a sandwich the whole way; probably thanks to all the little towns being bypassed these days.”
It's a common theme. Order a latte in a country town and pretty much get a coffee milkshake. The further out you go, the more likely you will hear the terms Nescafé and coffee used interchangeably. If you are lucky, on special occasions, the Moccona jar might get a dust-off.
But there are other young vanguards ready to settle on the outback's hot dusty ground and let their grounds do the talking.
The likes of Pip Stafford, who with partner Charlie bought the Andamooka Yacht Club from friends Kurt and Matilda, who established the ironically-named café-cum gallery at this obscure South Australian opal mining town, three-and-a-half hours' drive from Port Augusta.
“We travelled around Australia for 10 months, popped in for a visit, saw it was for sale, and thought we'd give it a crack,” says Pip.
“We are trying to get people in to see the town and have a good coffee too; to experience this place, which is like nothing else. It's like a mini Coober Pedy here, but the opal trade is drying up.”
Andamooka “where everyone lives next to their mullock heaps” is off the usual tourist trail, but happens to be a favourite of the grey nomads because it links up with the Oodnadatta Track.
The Yacht Club stands by its coffee, and by its big city prices ($5 large, $4 small) too.
“You can always tell someone from a big city like Melbourne because their coffee order is not just your general capp',” she says.
“They've heard about the coffee [sourced from Dawn Patrol in the Adelaide Hills], and they really try to test us, often by ordering just a shot of coffee. And then they can't believe it; they're quite happily shocked because we're tucked way away out here. People say that we're the best coffee for 280 kilometres around [about the distance to the coast].”
Dave McMahon, who shows people around Kakadu, Arnhem Land and the Kimberley as a tour guide for Venture North, argues that there has been a great caffeine source in the outback for eons.
“In northern Australia Aboriginal people roast and eat the seeds from the Kurrajong Tree, which contains more caffeine than coffee,” says the former chef.
But for taste, Dave has a couple of go-to spots for a sublime brew: the Purple Mango Cafe at Marrakai, on the way to Kakadu from Darwin (which also makes mango wine), and the Nitmiluk National Park cultural centre at Katherine Gorge, which “makes an unbelievably good coffee”.
“I think that the shock of finding the epitome of city slicker civilisation, a really good coffee, in the bush is a luxury that tourists never under-appreciate.”
It's been said, that in some outback towns you still drink coffee only out of necessity. And just because there's a popular café in a town doesn't that mean they make a good cup of Joe.
But, the slow-roasted, caffeine-drenched evolution is underway. And while hipster coffee is not flooding the plains yet, the rains of change are now falling on the plains.
Had a great outback coffee? Let us where know in the comments section below.
Morning News Brief U.K. officials want to seize the servers of London-based data mining firm Cambridge Analytica — the firm that claims it helped President Trump win the 2016 election. And, President Trump meets Tuesday with Saudi Arabia's Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman.
Morning News Brief Morning News Brief Morning News Brief Audio will be available later today. U.K. officials want to seize the servers of London-based data mining firm Cambridge Analytica — the firm that claims it helped President Trump win the 2016 election. And, President Trump meets Tuesday with Saudi Arabia's Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman. NPR thanks our sponsors Become an NPR sponsor
Last week, former Falcons and Chiefs defensive tackle Dontari Poe signed a three-year deal with the Panthers, reported to be worth about $27 million total.
Now, we have more details on Poe's contract thanks to Aaron Wilson at the Houston Chronicle.
Here's a breakdown of what the Panthers will be paying Poe over the life of the deal, including a $10 million signing bonus.
Dontari Poe (Panthers), $28M, $10M signing bonus, $13.3M gtd, salaries $800K (gtd), $4.5M ($2.5M gtd for inj at signing, skill, cap if on roster third day 2019, $37,500 per game active annual, 2020 is an option year, $2.5M 2020 third day roster bonus — Aaron Wilson (@AaronWilson_NFL) March 19, 2018
That's not all.
Apparently, Poe is also getting a half-million dollar in weight loss incentives, the same deal he got from Atlanta last season.
Dontari Poe has $500K weight bonus through four separate weigh-ins each year as part of $600K workout bonus 2018, $900K workout bonus 2019-2020 — Aaron Wilson (@AaronWilson_NFL) March 19, 2018
Poe is listed at 346 pounds but he recently told reporters he was somewhere between 335-340.
OKLAHOMA CITY — Governor Mary Fallin today issued a two-week burn ban for much of the state because of extreme weather conditions and extraordinary fire danger.
The governor's burn ban supersedes all county burn bans currently in place and expires Feb. 24.
The ban covers 53 counties: Adair, Atoka, Canadian, Carter, Cherokee, Choctaw, Cleveland, Coal, Craig, Creek, Delaware, Garfield, Garvin, Grady, Grant, Haskell, Hughes, Jefferson, Johnston, Kay, Kingfisher, Latimer, Le Flore, Lincoln, Logan, Love, McClain, McCurtain, McIntosh, Marshall, Mayes, Murray, Muskogee, Noble, Nowata, Okfuskee, Oklahoma, Okmulgee, Osage, Ottawa, Pawnee, Payne, Pittsburg, Pontotoc, Pottawatomie, Pushmataha, Rogers, Seminole, Sequoyah, Stephens, Tulsa, Wagoner and Washington.
“Critical fire weather and worsening drought have created conditions very conducive to wildfires,” Fallin said. “A burn ban is now necessary to reduce the risk of preventable wildfires and to protect lives and property.”
Oklahoma Forestry Services, a division of the Oklahoma Department of Agriculture, Food and Forestry, recommended the ban based upon an analysis of fire activity, wildland fuel conditions and the predicted continued drought as criteria for recommending the ban.
The governor urged people to be extremely vigilant because conditions are ripe to spark a large fire.
“Citizen actions can certainly play an integral role in minimizing fires,” Fallin said. “We are asking everyone do their part to help prevent fires and to keep our families and businesses safe from harm.”
“Oklahoma Forestry Services' wildland fire crews and fire departments across the state have experienced extreme wildfire behavior in recent days, resulting in fires that are both difficult to contain and pose an increased risk to firefighters on the ground,” Oklahoma state forester George Geissler said. “We are expecting conditions to continue to deteriorate with only minimal chances for drought-breaking rainfall in the future.”
Unlawful activities under the ban include campfires, bonfires, and setting fire to any forest, grass, woods, wildlands or marshes, as well as igniting fireworks, burning trash or other materials outdoors.
As part of the governor's burn ban, there are exemptions for a number of items, such as welding and road construction.
For more information, call call Michelle Finch-Walker at 580-236-1021 or visit www.forestry.ok.gov.
This is how to fold your t-shirts perfectly
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The humble t-shirt has been given a futuristic makeover by Indian start-up company Broadcast Wearables.
Forget "mock layered" or "distressed cut" these t-shirts feature an LED light on the front that's connected to your phone.
It works through an app that lets you program the LEDs to show whatever you want - whether it's a picture or a message.
What's more, the t-shirts are touch-enabled, so you can swipe through messages just by brushing the cloth.
"All the clothes we wear look the same – from the time we buy them to the time we throw them out," explained the team behind the shirt.
(Photo: Broadcast Wearables)
"Broadcast is a t-shirt that changes slogans according to what's on your mind! All you have to do in type in your slogan (or design) in the accompanying app, and watch it reflect on the t-shirt."
Despite packing in the technology, Broadcast Wearables also says the t-shirts are waterproof and washable.
The innovative gadget was funded through crowdfunding site Indiegogo and all available products sold out last November. A new batch is open to orders and is slated for delivery in May 2017.
Chinese electronics major Huawei, currently facing a disadvantage in the US as top intelligence officials have told people not to buy its devices, on Tuesday brought its flagship "P20 Pro" with world's first Artificial Intelligence (AI)-powered triple rear camera system to India.
Its earlier avatar, P10, never made it to India. The last 'P' series device that arrived in the country was "P9" in 2016. Since then, Huawei has vigorously promoted its sub-brand Honor which has created a distinct space in the crowded smartphone market.
Priced at Rs 64,999, Huawei "P20 Pro" features the world's first Leica triple rear camera system which received the highest overall scores by "DxOMark" in the premium smartphone segment, defeating Apple as well as Samsung devices.
"DxOMark Rankings" is a trusted industry standard for camera and lens image quality measurements and ratings.
"Huawei brand mainly works on providing state-of-the-art technology and top-of-the-line innovation. P20 Pro is the first smartphone with three cameras at the rear. We saw a great momentum on social media when we launched the device in Paris. I am confident it will appeal to our consumers in India as well," P. Sanjeev, Vice President, Sales, Huawei Consumer Business Group, told IANS.
The company also launched a lighter version "Huawei P20 lite" that will be available for Rs 19,999. Both the devices will be available on Amazon from May 3.
"This is a milestone launch for us wherein we present the best technology with the most innovative features enriching the user experience," Peter Zhai, CEO, Huawei India Consumer Business Group, told reporters here.
Zhai said that the company has been present in the country for the last 18 years and as part of its India strategy, Huawei has been consistently investing in the country to expand its footprint.
"With a clear focus on design, innovation and superior experience, Huawei is expanding its influence globally as well as in India," added Sanjeev.
Huawei P20 Pro includes AI advances to better overall smartphone experience.
P20 Pro's camera system comprises of a 40MP RGB sensor, 20MP monochrome sensor and 8MP sensor with telephoto lens for sharpness, colour accuracy, focus and contrast.
The device has 5x Hybrid Zoom for long-range photography, supports six-axis stabilisation and 960fps super-slow motion. It has 15.49cm OLED screen with ultra-thin bezels and screen-to-body ratios
Huawei P20 Pro comes with Kirin 970 processor and EMUI 8.1 based on Android 8.1 for smooth user experience. The device is embedded with a 4,000mAh battery.
Huawei P20 lite is a mid-range smartphone with 24MP front camera and a 16MP dual rear camera with an all-glass design.
P20 lite comes with a 14.83cm Full-HD Plus screen. Packed with Kirin 659 chipset, 64GB of storage and 4GB of RAM, the device includes 3,000mAh battery.
In the first quarter of 2018, Huawei's sub-brand Honor entered top five smartphone brands for the first time in India, said Counterpoint Research.
Honor registered an unprecedented growth of 146 per cent owing to strong performance of its recently launched smartphones across online channels. The brand captured the fifth position with 3% market share in the Indian smartphone market.
"We will keep the momentum going and establish ourselves among the top 3 brands in the Indian market," Sanjeev told IANS.
In the US, top intelligence officials have reportedly warned Americans not to use smartphones from Chinese tech giants Huawei and ZTE over data privacy concerns.
In a statement to CNBC, the company said that "Huawei is trusted by governments and customers in 170 countries worldwide and poses no greater cybersecurity risk than any ICT vendor, sharing as we do common global supply chains and production capabilities".(IANS)
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Once you invest in a cordless vacuum, you never go back. No more tripping over wires as you try to reach under the coffee table, or accidentally unplugging it as you move into the next room.
But as with most good things in life, cordless vacuum cleaners don't come cheap, especially as fewer mains power means more tech for extra suction.
The best deal by far at the moment comes from Tesco, who are selling a Dyson V6 cordless vacuum cleaner for £149 - including two years warranty.
(Image: Tesco)
We originally spotted the offer on deals forum HotUKDeals, where users noted it was £30 cheaper than the next retailer (Argos) for brand new - and unlike Tesco, Argos' £179 version doesn't include a warranty.
The Dyson V6 is a cheaper - but just as coveted - version of their top-of-the-range £340 V8, and is also a Which? Best Buy, scoring 75%.
If you don't fancy the Dyson, we've rounded up the ten best other options on the high street right now below.
1. Vax Air Cordless Upright Cleaner, £139.99
Despite not being the lightest of vacuum cleaners, you do get a lot of power for your money with this upright option, thanks to the vacuum's Wind Tunnel and cyclone technology that has three channels of deep suction, meaning its perfect for pet hair.
One of the most defining features of the vacuum is that its batteries only take two to three hours to charge.
You can get it from Amazon for £139.99.
2. Shark DuoClean with Flexology, £189
Our favourite of the lot, this vacuum makes cleaning the house a near enjoyable experience, rather than the tiring chore its been for so many years.
The most versatile model of them all, it's super light making carrying it up and down stairs super easy, and the function buttons on the top make it simple to switch between different modes, just by moving your fingers a few inches.
You can get it from Shark for £199.99.
3. iRobot Roomba, £249.99
While it's certainly the most exciting option of them all, (come on, who doesn't want a robot to clean their house for them while they watch telly?) the Roomba completely reinvents house cleaning as we know it.
Aimed to clean the house once a day, rather than once a week, it has a very small capacity bin, meaning that the first time you do it, you'll need to empty it several times. However, once it's all set up, cleaning the house will become your favourite chore of them all.
You can get it from John Lewis for £249.99.
4. AEG 2-in-1 stick cleaner, £149.99
The 2-in-1 aspect of this cordless vacuum means that as well as working as your regular, upright vacuum cleaner, you can also remove half of it and turn it into a hand held version to attack hard to reach places, or small rogue spills.
The addition of an LED light also means that you won't miss any spots when cleaning dark corners.
You can get it from John Lewis for £149.99.
5. Hoover Freedom Cordless Vacuum, £99.99
Looking very coincidentally like a Dyson thanks to its pistol-grip handle, it's a lot cheaper than its expensive rival.
However, what it gains in affordability, it lacks in performance, with noticeably different levels of suction and flexibility across the board, compared to higher priced vacuum cleaners.
You can get it from Argos for £99.99.
6. Bosch Athlet RunTime, £329
A long battery life, quick charge time and huge .9 litre capacity make this Bosch number one of the best of the bunch.
It comes with loads of handy add-on tools for all your different pieces of furniture and floors too, making it great for both a quick run around the house, or the full deep cleaning experience.
You can buy it from Currys for £329.
7. Dyson V8 cordless vacuum, £339
Okay, so before we say anything else, there's no denying that this is an extortionate price to pay for a vacuum cleaner, costing double what some of its rivals do.
However, the suction, versatility and battery life of the device is also exceptional, so if you have the cash to splash, you'll unlikely to be disappointed with the results.
You can buy it from AO for £339.
8. Henry Cordless Vacuum, £199.99
Everything you love about classic Henry - but without the pesky cord! Kind of...
As while you won't need to plug this Henry into a mains socket, its an interesting approach to the old "cordless" category, considering you'll still have to pull Henry's famous body along behind you as you hoover.
But with 30 minutes run time, and only 3.5 hours needed to recharge, there are some major plus points when it comes to hefty Henry hoovers.
You can buy it from Argos for £199.99.
9. Gtech Power Floor, £249.99
Not only do we love the bright colour of this device, but it also features that same, easy to use pistol-grip handle as the Dyson et al.
Much less bulky than its predecessors, while it is admittedly very powerful, it only has a 20 minute run time.
Therefore, rather than professional cleaners and big families, we reckon the Gtech is much better suited to the likes of London-dwellers living in small flats that want a high performance device for cleaning up to three rooms that they can easily tuck away into cupboards after.
You can get it from the Gtech site for £249.99.
10. Hoover Discovery Cordless Stick, £99
Boasting some promising reviews on Amazon, and more than four out of five stars, this option seems to have a lot of happy customers, who quote a strong battery life and high performance as some of its most redeeming factors.
The price has been consistently slashed since its launched, originally retailing at £250, making it an absolute bargain for anyone that's after a decent cordless vacuum that's not going to cost them the world.
You can buy it from John Lewis for £99.
LITTLE ROCK, Ark. — Devin Mitchell scored a career-high 38 points to lead Georgia State to its ninth straight Sun Belt Conference victory, an 81-51 thrashing of Little Rock on Saturday night.
The Panthers ran away with this one in the second half in preparation for their showdown with league-leader Louisiana on Thursday. Georgia State (18-6, 9-2) will host the Ragin' Cajuns, who have won 10 straight and remain undefeated in conference play.
Georgia State started its current win streak by beating Little Rock in Atlanta 73-64 last month.
Mitchell nailed a career-best 10 of 13 from beyond the arc while grabbing six rebounds and dishing out four assists. D'Marcus Simonds added 12 points with eight assists, and Jordan Session chipped in 11 points with nine rebounds and two blocks.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
James Argent has been showing off the results of his nose job after having his nostrils reduced.
The TOWIE and Celebs Go Dating star said he wanted to have the procedure done after losing weight.
Arg showed how his profile has changed since the operation as he took to Instagram to share before and after pictures of his face.
The 29-year-old seems to be extremely happy with the results, and made sure his fans knew about it.
He wrote alongside the picture: "I've recently had rhinoplasty with the incredible @drfrati to reduce the size of my nose & nostrils. The swellings going down & I couldn't be happier with the results. This is something that I've considered for a long time, especially after losing a lot of weight where my features stood out more.
(Image: Instagram)
(Image: Supplied by WENN)
"@drfrati made me feel completely at ease throughout the whole process. His knowledge, experience & professionalism has enabled me to have the nose I wanted. Its subtle, hasn't changed my face & very natural. It's definitely another step in improving my overall confidence, self-esteem & I couldn't be happier!"
Fans rushed to tell him how good he looks
One told him: "You look amazing! Wow"
"Looks wonderful," said another.
But someone else thought his new look was all too familiar.
They said: "You look like Kem from love island"
(Image: Flynet)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Arg recently spoke to Mirror Online about his weight loss.
The reality hunk is getting back in the swing of things following a stint in rehab in Thailand, and is looking fitter than ever and "feeling confident" after losing four stone.
He said: "The last seven months have been pretty amazing, I achieved a hell of a lot and I'm really proud of my progress and just need to keep doing what I'm doing, I'm not a finished article yet still a lot of things I want to achieve, but I've come a long way and I'm proud of what I've done.
"Thailand was amazing, I enjoyed every minute of it, and it's done me the world of good, I'd recommend it to anyone to go out there if they need some help or some treatment, it's done me the world of good."
And on his TOWIE return, he added: "I can't wait. It's been quite emotional going back to TOWIE. It's the longest period of time I've had off the show, so I can't wait to be reunited with my castmates and get back in the swing of things."
MIAMI (AP) - A judge has decided that Florida school shooting suspect Nikolas Cruz should continue to be represented by a public defender at taxpayer expense.
Broward County Circuit Judge Elizabeth Scherer's ruling Tuesday says Cruz has at most $28,000 in assets. Scherer says that's not enough money to hire a private lawyer in a potential death penalty case of this magnitude.
The 19-year-old Cruz is charged with 17 counts of murder and 17 counts of attempted murder in the Feb. 14 massacre at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida. He is being held without bail.
Cruz's lawyers have said he will plead guilty if prosecutors waive the death penalty. The Broward County state attorney's office has not been willing to do that.
The central bank chose to raise rates again despite an economic slowdown at the start of 2017, which it predicts will prove temporary. It foresees one additional rate hike this year, unchanged from its previous forecast. It gave no hint of when that might occur.
The increase in the short-term rate by a quarter-point to a still-low range of 1 per cent to 1.25 per cent could lead to higher borrowing costs for consumers and businesses and slightly better returns for savers.
WASHINGTON—The Federal Reserve has raised its benchmark interest rate for the third time in six months, providing its latest vote of confidence in a slow-growing but durable economy. The Fed also announced plans to start gradually paring its bond holdings later this year, which could cause long-term rates to rise.
The latest Fed rate hike, announced in a statement after a policy meeting, comes as the U.S. economy is growing only sluggishly. Even so, many of the barometers the Fed monitors most closely have given it the confidence to keep gradually lifting still-low borrowing rates toward their historic norms.
Though it assesses the overall economy, the Fed's mandates are to maximize employment and stabilize prices. And hiring in the United States remains solid if slowing, with employment at a 16-year-low of 4.3 per cent — even below the level that the Fed associates with full employment.
Inflation has been more problematic, having long stayed below the central bank's 2-per-cent target rate. Recent data have suggested that inflation may even be slowing further. But Fed officials have said they think inflation will soon pick up along with the economy.
That said, no one expects the Fed's rate hikes to turn aggressive. If nothing else, the chronically low inflation and the political fights and uncertainty in Washington — over investigations into Russia's ties to President Donald Trump's campaign, health care legislation, tax-cut plans and about whether Congress will raise the nation's borrowing limit and pass a new budget — could lead the Fed to raise rates more slowly than it otherwise would.
Uncertainty also surrounds the membership of the Fed's own policy committee. Trump is expected to soon fill three vacancies on the Fed's influential board and those new members, depending on who they are, could alter its rate-setting policy.
Fed officials have concluded that the economy, now entering its ninth year of expansion, no longer needs the ultralow borrowing rates they supplied beginning in the Great Recession.
The central bank kept its benchmark rate at a record low near zero starting in late 2008 to try to boost consumer and business borrowing and lift the country out of the worst downturn since the 1930s. It finally raised the rate modestly in December 2015, then waited a year to do so again. It acted again in March.
At the depths of the recession, the Fed began buying Treasury and mortgage bonds to try to depress long-term loan rates. That effort resulted in a fivefold increase in its portfolio to $4.5 trillion (U.S.). The Fed said Wednesday that it would eventually allow a small amount of bonds to mature without being replaced — an amount that would gradually rise as markets adjusted to the process.
Some news reports have mentioned leading candidates to fill the three vacancies on the Fed's seven-member board. They include Randal Quarles, a top Treasury official in two past Republican administrations, for the vice chairman's job of overseeing bank regulation. Marvin Goodfriend, an economist at Carnegie Mellon University, has been mentioned for another board spot, and Robert Jones, chief executive of Old National Bancorp in Indiana, reportedly is a candidate for a board seat designated for a community banker.
The betting is that the administration will choose officials who will tilt the Fed toward a more “hawkish” stance. Hawks tend to worry that rates kept too low for too long could escalate inflation or fuel asset bubbles. By contrast, “doves” favour the direction taken under Chair Janet Yellen, favouring relatively low rates to maximize employment.
Yellen, the first woman to lead the Fed, is serving a term that will end in February. So far, Trump has sent conflicting signals about whether he plans to nominate her for a second term.
Peter Intraligi says the company's "thoughts and prayers" were with "all those impacted by this tragic event."
The company had earlier issued a statement saying two of its employees were affected.
A new statement from Intraligi says "I can now confirm that unfortunately one of our employees has succumbed to her injuries." He added: "Out of respect for her and her family, we will not be providing any further comments."
Police are trying to determine why a driver plowed a rented van along a crowded sidewalk in Toronto, killing 10 people and injuring 15 in what many said seemed a deliberate attack.
___
8:55 a.m.
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau says authorities see no national security element in the seeming attack on pedestrians in Canada's largest city.
Trudeau says the incident "hasn't changed the overall threat level in Canada," though it occurred as Cabinet ministers from the G7 nations are meeting in Toronto.
Trudeau says Canada will do whatever it can to keep its citizens safe, while staying true to its values.
Speaking at a news conference Tuesday, he said, "We cannot as Canadians choose to live in fear every single day as we go about our daily business."
Police are trying to determine why a driver plowed a rented van along a crowded sidewalk in Toronto, killing 10 people and injuring 15 in what many said seemed a deliberate attack.
By The Associated Press
For IT leaders, it's a bit of déja vú: for the fifth straight year, the Tech Hiring and Retention Survey from executive search and technology firm Harris Allied shows that management's top concern is finding and hiring elite tech talent.
That concern edged out other pressing concerns, including "keeping the teams they have in place" and "staying competitive with regard to salary and bonuses," according to the survey, which polled 120 IT executives in November and December of 2016.
Fifty percent of the executives surveyed say finding and hiring top tech talent was their biggest concern, followed by 20 percent who say their biggest concern is retention. Only 14 percent of respondents say remaining competitive with salary and bonuses was a major concern; 10 percent say they are concerned about having more work to do with fewer people, while 3 percent say managing their current team was their most pressing issue.
Seth Beer Named NCBWA All-American
CLEMSON, S.C. (CAC) – Sophomore outfielder Seth Beer (Suwanee, Ga.) was named a second-team All-American by NCBWA on Wednesday . It was the second year in a row Beer earned All-America honors from NCBWA, as he was a first-team All-American as a freshman in 2016. CLEMSON, S.C. (CAC) – Sophomore outfielder Seth Beer (Suwanee, Ga.) was named a second-team All-American by NCBWA. It was the second year in a row Beer earned All-America honors from NCBWA, as he was a first-team All-American as a freshman in 2016.
As a Dick Howser Trophy semifinalist in 2017, Beer hit .298 with 51 runs, 17 doubles, a triple, 16 homers, 53 RBIs, a .606 slugging percentage, .478 on-base percentage, school-record-tying 64 walks, 14 hit-by-pitches and two steals in 63 games.
In his two-year career at Clemson, he is hitting .333 with a .506 on-base percentage in 125 games. He has 30 doubles, a triple, 34 homers, 123 RBIs, 108 runs, 126 walks, 29 hit-by-pitches and three steals.
Beer is the second Tiger to earn All-America honors in 2017, joining fellow outfielder Reed Rohlman.
Each week on Business Insider's podcast "Success! How I Did It," I ask leaders to explain the lessons they learned from their most significant achievements and failures.
These leaders range from the CEO of Vimeo to the president of Planned Parenthood to a NASA astronaut.
I ask them to share a single piece of advice or insight they find especially significant.
Since taking over as host of Business Insider's podcast "Success! How I Did It" in late February, I've had conversations with leaders across a variety of fields about what they consider the most important lessons they've learned. I've spoken to everyone from the CEO of Vimeo to the president of Planned Parenthood to a NASA astronaut who spent a year in space.
These lessons can come from a piece of advice, like what Vimeo CEO Anjali Sud's father taught her, or from a personal insight, as what Facebook cofounder Chris Hughes realized from a $25 million mistake.
If you like what you read, check out the full episodes (linked below) and subscribe wherever you get podcasts.
Vimeo CEO Anjali Sud learned to seek opportunities out of her comfort zone.
play Vimeo CEO Anjali Sud learned to seek opportunities out of her comfort zone. (Sarah Jacobs/Business Insider)
Sud said that her father, an entrepreneur who immigrated to Flint, Michigan from India, told her that she should live outside of her comfort zone.
She said that it's guided her throughout her life.
Here's Sud:
"Leaving home at 14, going to Andover, where I didn't know really anything, I was definitely outside my comfort zone then. In many of the roles I've had at Amazon and certainly at Vimeo, I've been in situations where it wasn't like I had the playbook and I knew exactly what to do.
"I think that when you are pushed outside of your comfort zone, you get off that learning curve so much faster and you develop as a leader so much faster."
X Prize Foundation founder Peter Diamandis learned the importance of focusing his attention.
play X Prize Foundation founder Peter Diamandis learned the importance of focusing his attention. (Mike Blake/Reuters)
Diamandis is one of those people with a nearly limitless drive to work toward his goals — and so a challenge for him when he was younger was not knowing how to focus that energy.
His parents wanted him to become a doctor, but he wanted to study space. His compromise? Getting his master's in aerospace science from MIT and his MD from Harvard. But even as a medical student, he was involved in space organizations on the side. His balancing act was too much, even for someone who never stopped. His dean called him into his office one day.
"And my dean was like, 'Peter, what are you doing? You're a bright kid. Your interns are telling me you're not paying attention, you're not focusing. Do you want to graduate?'" Diamandis told us. "I'm breaking down in tears right now, and I'm saying, 'Yes, I want to graduate. I promised my parents I would graduate.' And I fessed up on everything that was going on with ISU and my launch company, International MicroSpace.
"And I said, 'We're doing engine development tasks and all of this.' And he goes, 'OK, all right, here's the deal: If you pass part two of the boards, and you promise never to practice medicine, I'll let you graduate.' So he kept his end of the bargain, and I kept mine!
"It was a turning point in my life, because I was able to be done with that obligation."
Retired NASA astronaut Scott Kelly learned that performing at a high level is built on a foundation of constant effort.
play Retired NASA astronaut Scott Kelly learned that performing at a high level is built on a foundation of constant effort. (Sarah Jacobs/Business Insider)
Kelly and his identical twin brother Mark — also a retired astronaut — were different in one key way as kids. Kelly simply did not care about school.
He was able to get enough work done that he made it to the State University of New York Maritime College. By that point, he had decided that he wanted to become an astronaut, inspired to do so after reading Tim Wolfe's book about the subject, "The Right Stuff."
He decided that if he would one day achieve that goal, he would have to excel at school to have even a remote shot at accomplishing it. Determined, he devoted hours every day to studying, and, unsurprisingly, his poor grades began to rise. But his attention began to wander again. As he writes in his memoir "Endurance," there was one weekend where he was ready to head out to a big party at Rutgers when he had a phone call with his brother.
When he mentioned that he had his first calculus exam in a few days but was going to party first, Mark snapped at him for losing track of his goal. "Are you out of your goddamn mind?" he remembered Mark telling him. "You're in school. You need to absolutely ace this exam, and everything else, if you want to get caught up."
Kelly decided to take his brother's advice, and things, of course, worked out. But he remembers it as a moment where his discipline could have been shaken forever.
Media mogul Tina Brown learned that taking care of your team is the way to foster your own success.
play Media mogul Tina Brown learned that taking care of your team is the way to foster your own success. (Sarah Jacobs/Business Insider)
As the editor of Vanity Fair and the New Yorker, and as the founding editor of the Daily Beast, Brown left an indelible mark on American media. She told us that her successes were only possible because she learned early in her career not only how to create and rely on excellent teams, but to keep them loyal.
"Really nurture talent — I mean, talent's the key to it all," she said. "You have to handle people properly. You need to find them, but then you've got to keep them with you. The way you keep them with you is by being genuinely engaged with people.
"I'm always shocked, frankly, at how editors really don't pay much attention to the writers at all. Writers will write for somebody for very little money, as they did for me at the Beast, if they get a response. If they get a note back saying: 'Fantastic piece. Can you just make the top this, and I suggest you change the middle to this?' Boom, they love it. They want response, and they want to feel that they've found a home."
Edible Arrangements founder Tariq Farid learned to not engage with those who wanted to see him fail.
play Edible Arrangements founder Tariq Farid learned to not engage with those who wanted to see him fail. (Edible Arrangements)
Farid moved to Connecticut from Pakistan when he was 13, and his family had very little money. The combination of having a different ethnicity and economic background from other kids in the neighborhood led to some bullying — but even as he explained it to us, he said he didn't want to overplay it, because he learned to dismiss it and focus on the neighbors that welcomed his family and supported their flower shop.
It was useful to him as an adult, when there was an online conspiracy theory about Farid sending his foundation's money to the Islamic paramilitary group Hamas, an accusation the Anti-Defamation League publicly stated was baseless.
"I've faced this kind of remarks and discriminatory things before," Farid told us. "But when you measure that to the success you've gotten on the other side, it's insignificant."
"If you want to focus on pessimism, if people want to focus on negativity, then you get negativity and you only stay within negativity. But if you want to focus on what you can do not only to better yourself but to better your community and to better the people around you, then you will do that."
Facebook cofounder Chris Hughes learned how to balance ambition with reality.
play Chris Hughes, Facebook co-founder (Sarah Jacobs/Business Insider)
Hughes helped his Harvard roommate Mark Zuckerberg develop Facebook in its early years, and it made him unexpectedly rich. In 2012, he used some of his fortune to buy the struggling magazine The New Republic.
Hughes wanted to make the highbrow liberal journal a mainstream success, and his efforts to do so resulted in $25 million spent over four years and the loss of most of his editorial staff, in protest of his changes.
When we spoke with Hughes, he explained that while he stands by some of the changes he made, he regrets that he went in "guns blazing." He's taken what he's learned to his current venture, the Economic Security Council.
"That's why I didn't start an organization to campaign for UBI right off the bat," he said, referring to Universal Basic Income, a system in which every citizen receives a guaranteed income regardless of their circumstances. Instead, Hughes' organization is advocating for a guaranteed income of a monthly $500 sent to working Americans making under $50,000. It is certainly quite ambitious, but one Hughes doesn't see as impossible, and he is willing to support policies that gradually ease into it.
As he wrote in his book "Fair Shot," his failure at the New Republic taught him that, "just because an idea is bold does not mean that the means to achieve it need to be. A prosaic and incremental approach can be a more effective way to put poetic ideals into practice."
Planned Parenthood president Cecile Richards learned to not second-guess herself when an intimidating opportunity arose.
play Cecile Richards (Sarah Jacobs/Business Insider)
Richards is in her last year as the head of the women's health organization Planned Parenthood, and she's brought it back to its movement roots. Throughout her career, in fact, she's never shied away from defending causes she believes in, regardless of the opposition's power or aggression. She told us her model has always been her late mother, former Texas governor Ann Richards.
"She spent a lot of years just doing what society expected her," Richards told us. "She was just to raise kids, be a perfect wife, throw the perfect dinner party, and she did that for several years. And it wasn't until she had the chance to break out and do what she wanted to do for her — I think she was always regretful that she, you know, missed some time. You know, she let social convention get in the way.
"So her best advice was, 'This is the only life you have, so do it.' And whatever it is, never turn down a new opportunity. And, you know, she used to say when I was worried about taking a new job — or to other women who would say, 'You know, I'm not sure if I'm qualified' — she said, 'Look. What's the worst thing that could happen?" And I think that's really good advice when you're thinking about starting a new business or changing jobs. It's just, 'what's the worst thing that can happen,' because usually, once you can imagine that, it's not that bad."
Flatiron Health CEO Nat Turner learned that following a clearly defined mission brings out the best work in himself and his team.
play Flatiron Health CEO Nat Turner learned that following a clearly defined mission brings out the best work in himself and his team. (Hollis Johnson/Business Insider)
Nat Turner was only 24 years old when he sold his first company for $80 million, eight years ago. It was a deal with Google that got him and his cofounder Zach Weinberg some capital and a management job at Google New York office in exchange for their ad platform, Invite Media. But it took all one day for them to feel bored and unsatisfied.
"And we always say, our obituary one day, when we die: We don't want to say we optimized banner ads online," Turner told us.
Inspiration struck when Turner considered a question from his cousin, whose seven-year-old son was still fighting a battle with leukemia that he'd eventually win. Turner's cousin couldn't figure out why it was so difficult to find data on childhood leukemia treatments, considering that it seemed like a problem that could easily be solved by tech.
Turner and Weinberg decided to create the software that would do that, and more, which led to the creation of Flatiron Health in 2012. Today the company is valued at over $2 billion, and Turner can't imagine ever leading a company that doesn't have a purpose beyond making money.
Turner explained that the company's mission isn't just pushing him and Weinberg to work harder. "Everything's easier," he said. When you have passion for what you're doing, he explained, top talent and investors are drawn to your company.
Kim Jong-un(L), Kim Jong-nam(R) (Yonhap)
One of the likely reasons for the assassination of Kim Jong-nam was that North Korean leader Kim Jong-un was both afraid and jealous of his 46-year-old elder half-brother.The assassinated Kim had once been considered a plausible heir to the late Kim Jong-il, son of the regime founder Kim Il-sung. It was his outspoken attitude and resistance to the hereditary power succession which ruled him out as leader, giving way to his younger half-brother Jong-un.Until he was ousted, however, the elder Kim was deemed the most cherished son of the late state leader. He was also the first-born of his father's second wife Song Hye-rim, a former movie star who is said to have been the favorite of his three spouses.As the younger son of Korean-Japanese dancer Koh Young-hee -- whose background is considered rather humble compared to Song's -- Kim Jong-un has often been reported to keep a jealous watch over his half-brother.The latter not only had the full support of Jang Song-thaek, the once-powerful but now executed uncle of the incumbent leader, but also was deemed a “more rightful heir” to power due to his mother's reputed background.This tension also explains the repeated attempts to have the elder Kim killed over the past years.Kim Jong-nam's mother, Song, who was married to someone else at the time she met Kim Jong-il, was forced by the Kim family to leave North Korea in 1974. She spent the rest of her life in Moscow, Russia, where she died alone in 2002.(tellme@heraldcorp.com)
Scrape Doe! Which Starts Up The Scrape Activity, The Buck or The Does? In the trees at the woods edge I saw a deer pawing the ground with its front hoof. When it raised its head I…
VIDEO: Bow Setup For Smaller Women by Michele Eichler Bowhunter and Archer Michele Eichler goes over the best equipment for the smaller shooter to use when bowhunting big game
'Double Finger' Close Up Pics Now we have a closer look at the 'Double Finger' buck. He has a nice gut working. But he doesn't always show it, I'll tell you why. And let's talk about that rack again.
VIDEO: Giant Canadian Buck Dean videos as Steve gets the job done on a huge Canadian Whitetail buck on the TV hunting show Dean Partridge's Whitetail.
Here Comes August: Changes In The Deer Woods August is a mixed bag in the deer woods. Bucks are channeling all their energy into growing bigger racks. Fawns are getting a little larger daily. Does are teaching them by example. And the woods…
What Do Bucks Do In August? Whitetail deer like edges, places where the terrain changes from one type to another. We meet the "Double Finger" buck there today.
Meanwhile, We're Still Growing Last night it rained and the deer woods was beautiful this morning. And when a 9-point and 8-point came through the area I got some good pictures of them and their activities.
The Deer Woods Watch Continues Into August The afternoon shadows under the limbs slowly grew darker as the sun poked along lower and lower. I spotted a big bodied deer and glassed it.
Wild Turkey Gobblers VS Whitetail Buck Did you know that wild turkey Gobblers can fight with whitetail deer, even bucks? They will, and you can see it right now.
VIDEO: 5 Tips For All Day Deerhunting Tips To help You Be In The Woods When The Bucks Are. As October ends, it's time for you to sit in your stand from "dark-to-dark". from first thing in the morning until shooting light…
How To Improve Native Whitetail Browse Have Better Deer Hunting by improving your area's native vegetation! Here's an in-depth look at what to do to get results.
Buck Pictures July 28 A nice buck in velvet came out of the woods and went to the plowed area I felt like things were going to work out now that I drove the hogs off by taking 5…
The Hunter Game “Bow Hunt – Muledeer” by TNT Skulk through mule deer country with your cyber bow and arrows on your iPhone, iPad or Android phone or tablet. Keep an eye out for mule deer. A very entertaining game. Cool music.
Big Bucks And Fawns In July This morning was what my friend Dennis Crabtree calls a "Dandy." First, a nice July buck in velvet passed in front of my blind, he obviously was going somewhere. And he was gonna make me…
In The Deer Woods July 26 The last hour of good daylight got things going, deer wise. I got pictures of does and some fawns, MUSHROOM head with a date and two bucks with good rack potential.
An Intervention: Hog Control Here In The Not So Wide Open Places There Are Other Places For Deer To Go If Your Place Gets Too Hog-A-Fied For Them. I Want To Keep That From Happening.
Mobile Bowhunting Game Learn all about the IENT Bowhunter game for apple or android mobile devices. From Jason Balazs Of Outdoor Product Review.
Deer 2017: Big Problems A doe and fawn came into the area. As I watched them two bucks approached them. I thought "I just might get some good buck pictures this morning." Wrong!
The Morning After Magic Buck Day After seeing the 3 nice bucks late yesterday afternoon I was pumped. I wanted to go to sleep early and hit the sack at 9:30 so I'd get plenty of sleep and get out before…
July Food Plot Done Right It's pretty common for someone to ask me about food plots. I always tell them I use 'small' food plots. But how small is small? You might be surprised.
Magic Buck Day Rides Again BINGO! There were two nice bucks in a group of trees 20 yards away. I needed to put the laptop down and grab my camera. Magic Buck was starting.
Deer Pictures: Something Different The Buck and Doe in this picture are together ... in July! It's a rare occurrence but it happens. Know why?
More July 2nd Week Pics This morning is Does and Fawns in the deer woods on July 15.
Kyle And Jennifer Bowhunt "Kick It In Son." Kyle and Jennifer watched these buck grow from 1 1/2 year old to a 5 1/2 year old 171" trophy buck they called "Kick It In Son."
Deer This Morning: July 12 It was a doe and fawn and 2 other deer I couldn't I.D.. They moved around and a pair of antlers perked into my view. Whitetail deer pictures by Robert Hoague July 12 2017.
July 7-9 In The Deer Woods Here are a few highlights of the deer I took pictures of on July 7, 8 and 9. The deer moved later than expected. Things are always changing in the deer woods.
Mushroom Head Buck And A Fawn Hangout A "Mushroom Head" buck, Fawns on the move, and finding a new place for deer activity and more pictures.
In The Deer Woods: July 4 Just before daylight July 4th I got in position to take pictures of deer in the 20 acre winter wheat field by my home. Almost an hour passed before I saw any deer.
Last Of June Deer Pictures The bucks antlers have grown all month, and most bucks have had their main beam and brow tines grow 4 to 6 times longer than they were in late april and early June.
2017 Deer Pictures: First Fawn There are some real highlights that happen this time of the year in my Deer Picture Taking world. One major highlight is seeing and taking pictures of the new Fawns of 2017.
Finding The New Bucks 2017: Getting Their Pictures I love taking pictures of deer. And I've been lucky enough to do that actively for the last 30 years, and in particular since I began Bowhunting.net in 1996 when I developed a following of…
FINDING THE NEW BUCKS: 2017 One of my favorite things about living next to the deer woods is taking pictures of the bucks as their antlers begin to grow and continue to develop.
Bomar Bowhunting: Sarah Gets A Double Grand Slam Sarah Bomar lacks one Rio Grande gobbler to have a Double Grand Slam this year, all on video. To try to make it happen Sarah and Josh Bomar of Bomar Bowhunting go to Kansas for…
Cindy Lavender: The 'Toad Of A Bear' Pictures In case you aren't familiar with the use of the word 'toad' to describe a bear, it doesn't mean he has warts, it means the bear is a real big one. And Cindy's bear definitely…
One More Turkey Hunt Nothing beats being in the right place at the right time when the gobblers fly down to begin their daily search for wild turkey hens.
VIDEO: Kansas Bowhunt For Big 14 Point Buck This is bowhunting video at it's best. Strictly the real deal, just like you're in those Kansas woods with Tracy when a big 14 point buck hears your grunts and heads toward your stand.
Bear Attack On Video! Everybody Tells Ya That Bowhunting Black Bear Is Not Dangerous. I Guess This Bear Wasn't Listening!
Time To Go Shed Hunting After The Bucks In Your Area Shed Their Racks From Last Season It's Time For You To Check Out Your Hunting Area For Them.
Robert Hoague: Florida Gator Bowhunt I've Had Several Memorable Gator Hunts In Florida With David Mills And Here Is One We Got On Video
CONTEST: Win A QAD Utlrarest HDX Drop Away Arrrow Rest from Outdoor Product Review Jason Balazs promised it and it's happening right now! You can WIN a brand new QAD HDX drop awayrest for your favorite bow!
VIDEO: Montana Ek Wallow Bowhunt Four Years Of Bowhunting Montana Public Land for Elk Pays Off Big as a spatacular bull elk comes to an elk wallow where our bowhunter is waiting.
Minnesota Longbeard Bowhunt "Bowhunting is trial and error, but as long as you never stop learning you will always improve." says Joshua Wells as he takes us on his 2017 MN wild turkey bowhunt.
Is It A Hen Or A Gobbler? Gobblers and Hen wild turkeys have different purposes and look quite different. But less experienced turkey hunters justifiably have trouble telling them apart.
VIDEO: Austrailian Wild Dog Bowhunt Join Ayden and James Doumtsis in Northern Queensland, Australia on a predator control bowhunt on the wild dog population.
Wild Turkeys Vs Domestic? In a single word, survival. A wild turkey hen teaches her poults how to react to their harsh and varied environments of the North America wilderness.
Wild Turkey Vision: The Facts You Need To Know With a few exceptions, most birds have little or no sense of smell, but they are amply counterbalanced with extraordinary eyesight.
VIDEO: Where To Aim On A Wild Turkey Aiming at the right spot when you shoot your next wild turkey makes all the difference. Watch this video and be sure you shoot your next gobbler right!
VIDEO: Tennesee Gobbler Double Bowhunt Spring Bowhunt in the mountains near Monterey, Tennessee. Two gobblers are called into bow range and our bowhunter makes two perfect shots.
Why Control Coyotes Now? Now, does are dropping their fawns and teaching them how to find food and get around in their area. That's the perfect scenario for coyotes and predators.
Nigeria's top judge handling corruption cases against public officials has himself been charged with bribery, court papers showed Saturday.
Danladi Umar was accused by the country's anti-graft body EFCC of demanding 10 million naira (22,300 euros; $27,800) from a suspect “for a favour to be afterwards shown to him in relation to the pending charge”, according to court papers seen by AFP.
The embattled judge was also alleged to have received in 2012, through his personal assistant, the sum of 1.8 million naira from the same accused “in connection with the pending case before him”, the papers revealed.
Umar, who chairs the the Code of Conduct tribunal, last year cleared Senate president Bukola Saraki of corruption charges linked to his time as a state governor.
The bribery allegations against Umar were first brought to the fore when Saraki was charged with corruption linked to false asset declaration and money laundering as governor of his central Kwara state between 2003 and 2011.
Doubts about Umar's integrity grew further when the senate president was cleared in June 2017 of the charges against him.
The EFCC appealed the ruling and in December, a panel of judges ordered a retrial of three of the 18 charges initially brought against Saraki, Nigeria's third-ranking politician after the president and vice-president.
The case has been one of the most high-profile prosecutions since President Muhammadu Buhari came to power in 2015, vowing to end graft and impunity at the highest level.
-AFP
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Rio Ferdinand has revealed his regret at Manchester United's failure to land Neymar.
The Brazilian superstar completed a stunning world-record move to PSG earlier this month and scored on his debut against Guingamp on Sunday.
He has been heavily linked with United in recent years and Ferdinand believes he would have been the perfect addition, reports the Manchester Evening News.
"Neymar's up for £196m… Man United are one of the richest clubs in the world," he told his Youtube channel Five .
"I would have loved to have seen him go to Manchester United.
(Image: AFP)
(Image: REUTERS)
"Neymar in a red Man United shirt? Number 7, woah, or number 11.
"Dirty, it would have been dirty but it wasn't to be."
United broke the world transfer record last summer to re-sign Paul Pogba from Juventus for £89.3m
And, although Neymar has gone for more than double that fee, Mourinho believes it should not come as a surprise.
"When we paid that amount for Paul I told that he was not expensive," he said earlier this month. "Expensive are the ones that get into a certain level without a certain quality.
"I think with Neymar it's going to happen the same, I don't think he's expensive for £200million, I don't think he's expensive, I think he's expensive the fact that now you are going to have more players of £100million and you are going to have more players at £80million and you are going to have more players at £60million.
"And I think that's the problem because Neymar is one of the best payers in the world, commercially he's very strong and, for sure, Paris Saint-Germain thought about it, so I don't think the problem is Neymar, I think the problem is the consequences."
A former Turkish police officer who led the investigation of a smuggling, bribery and Iran sanctions-busting scheme that touched top ministers, testified in Manhattan federal court on Monday that he was imprisoned and eventually had to flee the country for his role exposing the plot.
Ex-cop Huseyin Korkmaz said Turkish leader Recep Erdoğan was one of the targets of the 2013 probe into the billion-dollar scheme run by gold trader Reza Zarrab, who has become a cooperating witness and also testified for the U.S. government against banker Mehmet Hakan Atilla.
Korkmaz said that within days of rounding up Zarrab and other conspirators, he was transferred from his job as a financial crimes investigator to a new post guarding bridges, then moved to a province hundreds of miles from Istanbul, and then arrested and jailed for a year and a half.
When he was released on bail, Korkmaz said, he gathered what evidence he could and arranged with a smuggler to get out of Turkey, laying low in three different countries and finally making contact with U.S. law enforcement.
“I did not feel legally secure in any way,” he said. “Rights to defend one's own freedom as an individual were taken away, so I took my wife and daughter and left the country I dearly loved.”
Korkmaz also testified that although Atilla's name came up during the Turkish investigation, there was no evidence he took bribes.
Erdoğan has fiercely criticized the U.S. trial since its start three weeks ago, claiming the entire case was concocted by opponents of his government.
Gurugram: A criminal involved in the killing of former Delhi MLA Bharat Singh and who carried a reward of Rs 1 lakh on his head was arrested here on Monday, police said. Arms and ammunition were recovered from him.
Hemant alias Pradhan was arrested along with his accomplice Narender alias Mintu during checking of vehicles at night near Daultabad on Dwarka Expressway, Gurugram`s Commissioner of Police Sandeep Khirwar told the media.
"Police signalled a car to stop around 4 am but the driver accelerated. On being chased by our team, their car collided with a divider," Khirwar said.
"The criminal opened fire at the police vehicle but finally they were nabbed by the police. Fifteen pistols and revolvers were recovered from Hemant and Narender," Khirwar added.
Hemant hails from Dichaun village in Delhi`s Najafgarh area while Narender hails from Delhi`s Bijwasan area.
"Hemant was involved in the assassination of INLD`s former MLA from Najafgarh, Bharat Singh, in March 2015. He also gunned down Vipin, an eyewitness in the case," Khirwar added.
Narender was also involved in Vipin`s murder. He also kidnapped a businessman from Sector 23 in Delhi`s Dwarka area.
Have your say
A charity TV and film convention designed for disabled people has been rocked by the theft of £1,000 worth of equipment and prizes.
The merchandise for Feel the Force Day was stolen from a garage in Westwood. It included: six inflatable Darth Vaders, an interactive DeLorean Back to the Future car and items for sensory touch tables.
The items left in the garage where the theft took place
An irreplaceable photograph of a two-year-old girl called Ava, who attended the first convention before sadly dying 10 months later, was also taken.
The event's co-founder Simon Howard said: “It's really frustrating. We fundraise to pay for the events which are not-for-profit.
“We're not too fussed about ticket sales, we want to make it as accessible as possible.
“When something like this happens it's a kick in the teeth.”
The event began in 2013 and was originally aimed for 20 deaf-blind people, but 400 people came along.
Last year about 500 people attended, and the next convention is on September 30 at the KingsGate Conference Centre in Staplee Way, Parnwell, from 11am to 6pm.
Star guests include Hattie Hayridge, who played Holly in Red Dwarf, Mike Fielding from The Mighty Boosh, and Eastenders actor John Altman.
The event is run by the 1st Sensory Legion charity.
Mr Howard said: “We fundraise really hard to pay for the events, with over 100 volunteers supporting us throughout the year.
“It's clear someone has planned this theft and therefore know who we are and what we do, which makes it even more disheartening that they would stoop so low.”
But he added: “This year is still going to be bigger and better than ever.”
A JustGiving page has been set up to raise funds for Feel the Force Day. To donate, visit: https://www.justgiving.com/fundraising/simon-howard15.
The theft took place between Monday, August 7 and Saturday, August 12. Anyone with information is asked to call police on 101, quoting incident number CF0461750817.
Emerson Electric Co (EMR.N) reported flat revenue, as a decline in sales in its biggest business, automation solutions, offset a rise in demand in its commercial and residential solutions business, dragging shares down as much as 5.4 percent.
The company said on Tuesday sales in the automation solutions business, which makes valves and regulators for the oil and gas industry, were down 3 percent, falling across most of its markets, except China and Europe.
Margins in the business fell 10 basis points to 15.5 percent, the company said.
Emerson Electric's margin performance in the second quarter ended March 31 was slightly softer than expected, with the downside largely driven by the automation business, Morgan Stanley analysts said in a note.
However, the company raised its 2017 forecasts for both revenue and earnings, on continued strong demand from its commercial and residential solutions business.
The factory automation equipment maker expects earnings per share from continuing operations of $2.55-$2.65 in 2017, up from its earlier forecast of $2.47-$2.62.
Analysts on average were expecting 2017 earnings of $2.59 per share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
The company also said it expects full-year net sales to be flat compared with its earlier forecast of down 1-3 percent.
The St. Louis, Missouri-based company's quarterly profit met Wall Street estimates, helped by an increase in sales in the commercial and residential solutions business.
Earnings from continuing operations rose to $384 million, or 58 cents per share in the quarter, from $375 million, or 57 cents per share, a year earlier.
Net sales were little changed at $3.57 billion.
Analysts on average were expecting second-quarter earnings of 58 cents per share, on sales of $3.50 billion.
Up to Monday's close, Emerson shares had risen 10.5 percent in the past 12 months compared with a 17.5 percent rise in the broader Dow Jones U.S. Industrials Index .DJUSIN.
(Reporting by Shashwat Awasthi and Ankit Ajmera in Bengaluru; Editing by Arun Koyyur)
leeds featherweight Josh Warrington will quietly “keep his focus” after world champion Lee Selby confirmed he was ready to clash with the Yorkshireman in a world title fight next year.
IBF featherweight world titleholder Selby recorded the 26th win of his professional career on Saturday when securing a unanimous victory on points against Eduardo Ramirez.
Selby's belt was not on the line after the Mexican failed to make the weight.
Warrington had made himself Selby's mandatory challenger when defeating Dennis Ceylan in a final eliminator in October.
Warrington has long since eyed a world title fight with the Welshman at Elland Road and Selby admitted for the first time after his latest victory that he was ready to take on the Yorkshireman in his own backyard.
“If the money is at Elland Road, it makes sense to me,” said Selby. “That's what it comes down to. First of all it's a massive fight. He has earned the mandatory position so to get there he has to be a good fighter. A fight between Josh and I would be massive and fantastic for British boxing.”
The fight could take place next Spring, but Warrington took to social media to post a low-key response to Selby's latest musings. Warrington said: “Interesting night at the boxing. I wonder what next year will bring. I'll just carry on keeping my focus.”
BY JIM MCLEAN
The message delivered to a legislative committee Thursday by opponents of expanding Medicaid eligibility in Kansas boiled down to this: Expansion has been a disaster in the states that have enacted it, so don't do it.
Gregg Pfister, legislative relations director for the Florida-based Foundation for Government Accountability, ticked through a list of expansion states where costs and enrollment significantly exceeded projections.
“When considering expansion, each one of these states looked at the problem, studied the projections and decided that this was an expenditure that their state could afford. Unfortunately, they were wrong,” Pfister told members of the House Health and Human Services Committee.
So far, 31 states and the District of Columbia have expanded their Medicaid programs. Kansas is among 19 that haven't.
Supporters of Medicaid expansion in Kansas acknowledge that demand for services has exceeded projections in some states, but they don't necessarily consider that a problem given that more people are getting needed services and the federal government is shouldering most of the cost.
“Even with enrollment exceeding estimates, states have seen budget savings and revenue that still makes expansion budget positive in most cases,” said Sheldon Weisgrau, in a memo distributed to the media before the hearing to counter the anticipated arguments of opponents.
Weisgrau is director of the Health Reform Resource Project, an educational initiative funded by several regional health foundations, some of which also provide funding to KCUR and the Kansas News Service.
In addition to creating cost overruns, Michael Tanner, a senior fellow at the Cato Institute in Washington, D.C., said Medicaid doesn't provide quality care.
“In almost every health outcome, Medicaid is outperformed by private health insurance,” Tanner said. “In my opinion, it would be a significant mistake for Kansas to expand Medicaid at this time.”
The main study Tanner cited to support his claim didn't follow patients long enough to determine the extent to which their health improved once they obtained Medicaid coverage, Weisgrau said.
Susan Mosier, secretary of the Kansas Department of Health and Environment, reiterated Gov. Sam Brownback's reasons for opposing expansion, which include uncertainty about the future of the Affordable Care Act and the federal money it guarantees to states to cover most of the cost of expansion.
Mosier also took issue with claims made by supporters, most notably the Kansas Hospital Association, that expansion would generate more than enough revenue to cover the state's share of the cost.
“There are several flaws with that analysis,” Mosier said. “There is no cost benefit to the state, in fact there is additional cost.”
The official estimate that Brownback administration's budget office prepared said expansion would cost the state an additional $110 million in the first two years.
Audrey Dunkel, a senior financial analyst for the hospital association, disputed the accuracy of the estimate. She said revenues and cost savings generated by expansion — most of which were acknowledged in the budget office report — would generate about $13 million more than the amount needed to cover the state's share of expansion costs.
The expansion bill under consideration — House Bill 2064 — would extend eligibility for KanCare, the state's privatized Medicaid program, to more than 300,000 Kansans with annual incomes at or below 138 percent of the federal poverty level, about $16,000 for an individual. However, it's expected that only about half that number would enroll for a variety of reasons.
The committee is expected to vote next week on whether to send the bill to the full House.
Jim McLean is managing director of kcur.org‘s Kansas News Service, a collaboration of KCUR, Kansas Public Radio and KMUW covering health, education and politics in Kansas. You can reach him on Twitter @jmcleanks.
Bad news, armchair rules experts – your time's up.
A working group led by the R&A and the USGA has unanimously agreed to adopt a new set of protocols for video review when applying the Rules of Golf.
The group, consisting of the PGA Tour, LPGA, European Tour, Ladies European Tour and the PGA of America, as well as the governing bodies, will implement new measures effective January 1, 2018.
They include disregarding any television viewer call-ins as part of the rules decision process, whilst also assigning one or more officials to monitor the video broadcast of a competition to help identify and resolve rules issues as they arise.
In addition, the R&A and the USGA have approved the adoption of a local rule, available from January 1, to eliminate the additional two-stroke penalty for failing to include a penalty on the scorecard when the player was unaware of the penalty.
All of the organisations represented on the working group will introduce the Local Rule for 2018 and this scorecard penalty will be permanently removed when the modernised Rules of Golf take effect on January 1, 2019.
The R&A and the USGA established the video review working group in April to initiate a collaborative discussion on the role video footage can play when applying the rules, including the challenges and benefits of its use and also the issues that arise from viewer call-ins.
David Rickman, the Executive Director of Governance at the R&A, said: “This has clearly become an important issue in the sport that we felt we should address at this stage ahead of the implementation of the updated Rules of Golf in 2019.
“We have concluded that whilst players should continue to be penalised for all breaches of the Rules during a competition, including any that come to light after the score card is returned, an additional penalty for the score card error is not required.”
Thomas Pagel, USGA senior director of the Rules of Golf and Amateur Status, added: “The level of collaboration with our partners has been both vital and gratifying as we look to the future. As technology has continued to evolve, it has allowed us to evolve how we operate, as well.”
The new protocols also recognise the importance of limiting video review to material obtained from the committee's broadcast partner. Other video, such as from an individual's smartphone or camera, will not be used under these protocols.
Have your say
Olympian Louis Smith helped launch this year's Dragon Boat Festival at the dealership of sponsors Motorpoint in Edgerley Drain Road in Fengate.
The event is being held on Saturday, June 9, at Peterborough Rowing Lake. To sign up, visit: http://dragonboatfestivals.co.uk/dragon-boat-festivals/peterborough-festival/.
Donald Harold Watkinds
May 6, 1951 – July 27, 2017
Donald Harold Watkinds, age 66, of San Diego died of a heart attack on July 27, 2017. Don was doing what he loved best, on deck, coaching young members of the Wave House San Diego Swim Club at the City Heights Swim Center in San Diego.
Don was born in Brawley, CA on May 6, 1951 to Erma and Harold Watkinds, and lived in Calipatria during his youth. He attended Calipatria High School, and subsequently earned an undergraduate degree at California Western University in San Diego.
Don forged an exemplary career as a swimming coach. Although he coached at several locations in northern and southern California over the years, at the time of his death Don was coaching the Wave House San Diego Swim Club and a Wounded Warriors group at the Navy Medical Facility in San Diego. His swimmers achieved much success at the Paralympic Games, USA Swimming national, zone, and local competitions. Several earned college scholarships and some honored his memory by themselves becoming swimming coaches.
Watkinds received numerous awards, including the Ikkos Award from the U.S. Olympic Committee for coaching swimmers who medaled at the Paralympic Games, the Disability Swimming Service Award from USA Swimming, and an Outstanding Service Award from Southern California Swimming. But the most meaningful accolades are from his swimmers and fellow coaches: “Don approached the sport with joy, laughter, and creativity;” “Don was the most integral person in my life apart from my own parents;” “You shaped our lives and helped us become great athletes, teammates, and friends;” “I will remember Don most of all for the love, pride, and advocacy he showed for each of his swimmers;” “Few men were greater in our sport than Don Watkinds, he let his ego take a back seat to what he was willing to do for his athletes.” “If I know him, he probably will be coaching in heaven.”
Don is survived by cousins Lois Brister, Karen Cronin, Lynn Heinbokel, and Bruce Young; close lifelong friends Brad and Linda Bodell, Matthew and Katie Bodell, Nathan Bodell and Annie Bodell, and four grandchildren; as well as the legion of swimmers he coached throughout the years who are his swimming family. He was predeceased in death by his parents Erma Savage Watkinds and Harold K. Watkinds, and a sister Paula Sue Watkinds who died in infancy.
A private graveside service will be held at date to be determined at Riverview Cemetery in Brawley CA. Additional information about services will be posted on the San Diego-Imperial Swimming web site (www.si-swimming.org) as information becomes available. Memorial donations in Don's name may be sent to the Challenged Athletes Foundation (http://support.challengedathletes.org/DonWatkindsMemorial).
DENMARK – There are far more questions than answers in the disappearance of journalist Kim Wall, who hasn't been heard from since she boarded Peter Madsen's now-sunken submarine Thursday night on Denmark's Refshaleoen island.
The sub has since been raised, and Wall's body wasn't in it. Madsen isn't contesting a court decision to keep him in custody for up to 24 days as Danish police investigate, and while he has been charged with killing Wall by unknown means, his lawyer has denied he had anything to do with her vanishing.
The Local quotes a Sunday press conference with the Copenhagen Police deputy chief inspector, who said Madsen's story has changed, from initially telling officials he dropped Wall off at 10:30pm Thursday night on the island to another unspecified explanation since.
The Guardian reports Madsen says they spent about three hours on his Nautilus sub, the largest privately made one in the world at the time of its 2008 launch; the Swedish journalist, who divides her time between New York and Beijing, was doing a profile on Madsen.
The Local also picks up a report from a Swedish tabloid that cites a witness who said Madsen's sub was seen sailing without its lights on some two hours before Wall's partner reported the vessel as missing around 2:30am Friday.
“There was very nearly a collision” between the sub and a freighter, per the witness. The Washington Post describes Wall as accomplished—the London School of Economics and Columbia University grad wrote for the New York Times, Guardian, and Atlantic, among others—and recounts her travels to Pyongyang, Sri Lanka, and the Marshall Islands for stories.
Journalist Kim Wall remains missing: "Denmark should not be considered a dangerous assignment for journalists." https://t.co/GO8bBuK5RP — CPJ (@pressfreedom) August 12, 2017
This article originally appeared on Newser: She Vanished After Boarding His Sub. Now, His Story Changes
More From Newser:
WASHINGTON (AP) -- President Donald Trump on Saturday claimed complete vindication from a congressional memo that alleges the FBI abused its surveillance powers during the investigation into his campaign's possible Russia ties. But the memo also includes revelations that might complicate efforts by Trump and his allies to undermine special counsel Robert Mueller's inquiry.
The four-page document released Friday contends that the FBI, when it applied for a surveillance warrant on a onetime Trump campaign associate, relied excessively on an ex-British spy whose opposition research was funded by Democrats. At the same time, the memo confirms that the investigation into potential Trump links to Russia actually began several months earlier, and was "triggered" by information involving a different campaign aide.
Christopher Steele, the former spy who compiled the allegations, acknowledged having strong anti-Trump sentiments. But he also was a "longtime FBI source" with a credible track record, according to the memo from the House Intelligence Committee chairman, Rep. Devin Nunes, R-Calif., and his staff.
The warrant authorizing the FBI to monitor the communications of former campaign adviser Carter Page was not a one-time request, but was approved by a judge on four occasions, the memo says, and even signed off on by the second-ranking official at the Justice Department, Rod Rosenstein, whom Trump appointed as deputy attorney general.
Trump, however, tweeted from Florida, where he was spending the weekend, that the memo puts him in the clear.
"This memo totally vindicates 'Trump' in probe," he said. "But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on. Their (sic) was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction (the word now used because, after one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING, collusion is dead). This is an American disgrace!"
The underlying materials that served as the basis for the warrant application were not made public in the memo. As a result, the document only further intensified a partisan battle over how to interpret the actions of the FBI and Justice Department during the early stages of the counterintelligence investigation that Mueller later inherited. Even as Democrats described it as inaccurate, some Republicans quickly cited the memo -- released over the objections of the FBI and Justice Department -- in their arguments that Mueller's investigation is politically tainted.
A closer read presents a far more nuanced picture.
"Having decided to cherry-pick, the Nunes team picked a bunch of the wrong cherries for its own narrative," Matthew Waxman, a Columbia University law professor and former Bush administration official, wrote in an email.
The memo's central allegation is that agents and prosecutors, in applying in October 2016 to monitor Page's communications, failed to tell a judge that the opposition research that provided grounds for the FBI's suspicion received funding from Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign and the Democratic National Committee. Page had stopped advising the campaign sometime around the end of that summer.
Steele's research, according to the memo, "formed an essential part" of the warrant application. But it's unclear how much or what information Steele collected made it into the application, or how much has been corroborated. Steele was working for Fusion GPS, a firm initially hired by the conservative Washington Free Beacon to do opposition research on Trump. Steele didn't begin work on the project until after Democratic groups took over the funding.
Republicans say a judge should have known that "political actors" were involved in allegations that led the Justice Department to believe Page might be an agent of a foreign power -- an accusation he has consistently and strenuously denied.
The FBI this week expressed "grave concerns" about the memo and called it inaccurate and incomplete. Democrats said it was a set of cherry-picked claims aimed at smearing law enforcement and that releasing the memo would damage law enforcement and intelligence work.
For one, Democrats said it was misleading and incorrect to say a judge was not told of the potential political motivations of the people paying for Steele's research.
Beyond that, though, the memo confirms the FBI's counterintelligence investigation into the Trump campaign began in July 2016, months before the surveillance warrant was sought, and was "triggered" by information concerning campaign aide George Papadopoulos. He pleaded guilty last year to lying to the FBI.
The confirmation about Papadopoulos is "the most important fact disclosed in this otherwise shoddy memo," California Rep. Adam Schiff, the House committee's top Democrat, said in a tweet Saturday in response to Trump's assertion that the document vindicated him.
The timing makes clear that other Trump associates beyond Page, who was part of the election effort for only a short period and was not in Trump's inner circle, had generated law enforcement scrutiny. The memo also omits that Page had been on the FBI's radar a few years earlier than part of a separate counterintelligence investigation into Russian influence.
The memo focuses on Page, but Democrats on the House committee said "this ignores the inconvenient fact that the investigation did not begin with, or arise from Christopher Steele or the dossier, and that the investigation would persist on the basis of wholly independent evidence had Christopher Steele never entered the picture."
Other details in the memo could also challenge Republican claims of bias. The warrant requested was renewed on three additional occasions, meaning that judges approved it four times.
The memo had been classified because it deals with warrants obtained from the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court. The White House declassified it Friday and sent it to Nunes for immediate release.
That disclosure is extraordinary because it involves details about surveillance of Americans, national security information the government regards as among its most highly classified. The release is likely to further escalate the conflict between the White House and Trump's law enforcement leaders. Rosenstein and FBI Director Christopher Wray had personally lobbied against the memo's disclosure, arguing it could set a dangerous precedent.
The memo's release also comes amid an effort by Trump and congressional Republicans to discredit Mueller's investigation. His probe focuses not only on whether the Trump campaign coordinated with Russia but also on whether the president sought to obstruct justice.
___
Associated Press writers Zeke Miller, Jill Colvin, Catherine Lucey, Matthew Daly, Desmond Butler and Jonathan Lemire contributed to this report.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
MOUNT COBB — Dunmore's John Barone worked hard to improve his short game over the summer.
Those tools came in handy at the end of Sunday's Lackawanna County Amateur.
Heading back to Philadelphia after the final round, the Temple University senior made his swan song one to remember as he made a pair of clutch two-putts in the final three holes to win his first amateur title by two strokes over David Mecca and Sebastian Cimoch.
“Short game has kind of been my thing this year, for sure,” said Barone, who shot back-to-back 70s to finish at 4-under par. “I've put some time into it. A lot of time into it.
“I think I've earned the right to putt well. I have confidence and I'm making a lot of putts. And that's how you shoot low numbers.”
Barone was sailing along with a two-shot lead through 27 holes when Mecca, playing a group ahead of him, began a charge that saw him make five birdies in an eight-hole stretch, beginning with No. 6.
“I was just making putts early in the front nine,” Mecca said. “Nos. 6 and 7, I made good putts.”
His last birdie at No. 13 pulled him even with Barone, but his tee shot on No. 14 found trouble and led to bogey. He was unable to recapture the magic.
“The last four or five holes are always tough for me,” Mecca said. “Little nerves on the tee shot, knowing that I was tied with John. I put it in the bunker, hit a good chip and putt. It just didn't break.
“I hit a lot of good putts down the stretch, but only the par ones went in.”
The tie was short lived. While Mecca was making bogey, Barone drained his sixth and final birdie of the day, a 10-footer that put him three in front of Cimoch.
The Marywood University freshman mounted his own charge with one terrific swing, stuffing his approach shot on the diabolical, uphill 16th hole a foot behind the pin for a tap-in birdie.
When Barone missed the green left and above the hole, the champion was tested and after coming up 15 feet short on his chip, nearly holed the slippery downhill putt for par, tapping in for bogey to maintain a one-stroke lead.
“I figured I still had a chance to make a good little comeback,” Cimoch said. “I think I was one back after that, but he just outplayed me. He's a good player.”
Cimoch's tee shot missed the green right on the 210-yard par 3, but Barone's was dead in the center of the green.
Still, he faced an uphill, 55-footer with a sweeping left to right break.
No problem for someone who has worked to refine his stroke as Barone has.
“I practice my putting all summer and I was confident in my ability to get the ball in the hole in two strokes,” Barone said. “I just trusted my game.
“I knew if I made par on 17, that was going to be a good score on that hole.”
He lagged his approach putt within 2 feet and calmly sank it to move two ahead.
Barone split the middle of the fairway with a 320-yard tee shot on No. 18, knocked a wedge to 8 feet and lipped out the final birdie putt.
“It's kind of like winning in your hometown,” Barone said. “It feels good to win. Like I've said, you don't get wins too often in golf.
“I'm having one of the best summers of my life, I'm playing good golf right now. Going into my senior year at Temple, I'm looking forward to keeping the good play going.”
Mecca shot the best round of the day, a 3-under 69 to finish at 142, same as Cimoch, who carded consecutive 71s for his 2-under score.
Kevin Rossi was two behind them at even par, followed by Kevin Nardella (146) and Frank Osborne (147).
Contact the writer: mmyers@timesshamrock.com; 570-348-9100, ext. 5437; @mmyersTT on Twitter
“Whoever champions a closed mind instead of openness to the world, whoever literally walls themselves in, bets on protectionism instead of free trade and preaches isolationism instead of states cooperating, and declares ‘We first' as a programme, should not be surprised if others do the same — with all the fatal side effects for international ties which we know from the 20th century,” Lammert said. That goes, he added, for individual European states “but also for our great partner country across the Atlantic.”
Once, it would have been rare for German politicians to lecture other democracies on values, especially the United States, but Germany is now regarded as a critical pillar in upholding the liberal western order, which is one reason the September 24 national elections are being watched so closely. It is also why some of Merkel's fellow conservatives quietly grumbled that she was outfoxed when she agreed to put Steinmeier forward as the presidential candidate of her grand coalition government, which unites her conservative bloc with the centre-left Social Democrats. Even as the presidency stands above party politics, Steinmeier, 61, a lawyer and lifelong politician, is likely to be a boon for his party. His election coincided with a Social Democratic surge in opinion polls since the centre-left chose Martin Schulz, a former president of the European Parliament, to lead them into battle against Merkel in the elections. Schulz grew up in a village in the Aachen area, becoming mayor of the nearby town of Wurselen in 1987, and likes to tell stories from those days to portray himself as an ordinary guy. He first won election to the European Parliament in 1994, going on to become president in 2012. Most unusually for a German politician, he did not finish high school with a certificate, and trained initially as a bookseller. He recently outpolled Merkel in personal popularity, 50 per cent to 34 per cent, in the widely regarded Politbarometer poll this month, albeit with a slightly smaller degree of support than Merkel's last Social Democratic challenger had at a similar stage of the 2013 race. Perhaps because he has spent most of his political career in European institutions in Brussels, Schulz can appear fresh to German voters. “What he is doing is filling a vacuum which has obviously arisen,” said Franz Muntefering, a veteran Social Democrat leader. “He is reaching people through emotions.” In its weekend cover story, Der Spiegel described the current period as “the twilight of Merkel” and noted that she had appeared listless of late. Merkel's conservative bloc appears somewhat rattled. Her respected finance minister, Wolfgang Schauble, the longest-sitting member of Germany's parliament, used an interview in Der Spiegel this weekend to accuse Schulz of Trump-style populism. “When Schulz lets his supporters shout, ‘Make Europe great again,' then it is almost word for word Trump,” Schauble told the newsmagazine. Sigmar Gabriel, the Social Democrat who has replaced Steinmeier as foreign minister, swiftly retaliated: “The radical and ill intentioned mockery” in US politics “should not be swept in to Germany,” he said. Unquestionably, Trump's election has deeply altered the geopolitical landscape for Merkel. She has kept a cool distance, and the two leaders are expected to meet for the first time this spring. Domestically, Merkel is contending with a continuing political backlash to her 2015 decision to admit more than 1 million migrants, many of them Muslim, into the country. The far-right Alternative for Germany party, which started as a movement against the euro currency, now carries an anti-migrant, anti-Muslim message and has leaders who have sympathy for Trump's politics. Tellingly, Frauke Petry and other Alternative for Germany leaders did not applaud with everyone else during Lammert's speech when he attacked isolationism or what he termed a “We first” attitude. Under pressure, Merkel has back-pedalled somewhat in recent months, reducing the influx of migrants and taking a tougher line on deportations. As is often the case, people outside the bubble of national politics sounded considerably less stirred when asked about Merkel's standing. Metin Elcivan, 41, who helps run a corner store in western Berlin's Schoneberg district, was certain that German voters would prove conservative. “I think nothing will change at the elections,” he said, “and that we will have a grand coalition again, with Merkel as chancellor.” — New York Times News Service Alison Smale is a journalist based in Berlin and covers Europe Agreement Poll Do you agree with this article? Agree Disagree Rating Poll Element Common Sense Inspiring Controversial Worrying 0%100%0%0% Common Sense Provides a logical way forward Inspiring Makes me want to take action Controversial Highly unexpected view or opinion Worrying Makes me concerned More from Thinkers Trump's nightmare has just begun
Is May up to the job of Prime Minister?
Reading the future of West Bank in its contours
McConnell's crime of passion against Warren
Photo: Tarun Khiwal
There is nothing to not like about Paris and even Shah Rukh Khan will agree. From its architecture to its food, what's not to like about Paris, really? Even Shah Rukh Khan seems to agree. We know this because a doodle he drew has resurfaced thanks to an auction house. Shah Rukh Khan ‘s doodle about Paris from 1997 will go under the hammer at Osian's The Greatest Indian Show On Earth 2. The doodle depicts all things French: the Bastille, Eiffel Tower, the French Revolution, French Champagne and Voltaire. This piece of work is now set to be auctioned and is estimated to fetch almost ₹2 lakh. For Shah Rukh Khan the actor, this could be loose change (he is after all the highest-paid actor in India) but we imagine this could be big for SRK the artist! But if you're considering cleaning up your messy room and finding random scribbled work, a word of advice: You aren't Shah Rukh Khan.
Here's the doodle Shah Rukh made:
NOW READ
SRK comes clean on sex, rivals and kinks
Shah Rukh's trainer breaks down his workout routine
Get a look inside Shah Rukh Khan's ₹4 crore bus
Up Next: Who Wore What | Van Heusen + GQ Fashion Nights 2016
Their stories are told in the recently released film "Hidden Figures," which details the obstacles these women faced in the midst of the civil rights movement.
Before the movie's release, Harris, a Twin Cities author and American Studies Department chair at Macalester College, has been telling the story behind the movie through her book, "Hidden Human Computers: The Black Women of NASA."
On Saturday, Harris gave a presentation on the research involved in writing her book during a private event in Woodbury. The lecture raised more than $1,000 to benefit the Arc Greater Twin Cities, a local nonprofit that supports people with developmental disorders.
Some of those in attendance drew upon themes presented through the book and film, reflecting on how someone in their family was the first to breach the barriers of their time.
"I think we all have our own hidden figures in our lives," said Linda Hood, who hosted the lecture at her home in Woodbury.
In 1943, Harris' grandmother, Meriam Mann, was among the first group of black women to work for the National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics (NACA) before it became NASA in the late 1950s.
They were called computers and were tasked with checking engineers' calculations before the advent of the first IBM computers.
Unlike the movie, which is set in 1961, the agency began recruiting educated black women during World War II because of labor shortages. The military drafted men to fight in the war, and there weren't enough educated white women to fill jobs at NACA, Harris said.
"A lot of people might like to think it's because they were in favor of civil rights, and they wanted to help black people," she said. "That's not true."
The women worked at a facility similar to that of the Mayo Clinic, with miles of sprawling buildings. The majority of engineers and employees didn't know black people worked there, Harris said.
Harris' grandmother died in 1967, and it wasn't until her sophomore year in college that she became curious about her grandmother's past.
Though she's wanted to tell her grandmother's story for several years, it wasn't until 2014 that she was able to focus on her research while on a sabbatical.
She partnered with Margot Lee Shetterly, a nonfiction writer and journalist, whose father worked at NASA in the '70s. "I needed her because she had NASA clearance through her dad's connections," Harris said. "Getting on that campus and getting into that archive is no small feat."
In the early stages of their research, they uncovered documents showing NASA's research center was built on top of a former plantation site in Hampton, Va.
Harris said she wanted to explore how the relatives of former slaves may have returned to work at the center years later. "That was the narrative I wanted to tell," she said.
Her book also focuses on how NASA tapped into the educational pool of historically black colleges while referencing prior eras when literacy was illegal for black people.
Shetterly went on to publish her book, "Hidden Figures," in fall 2016. The book was adapted for the film and caters more to general audiences. Harris' book, however, focuses more on placing the women's stories into historical context so it could be taught in classrooms.
In the near future, Harris said she'd like to explore the differences between women working for NASA and other working-class black women. That's just one of the several angles she hopes to explore through a possible documentary.
"There's just so many layers of this story yet to be told," she said. "Even though I really loved the movie, I'd love to see the texture of the women's lives."
The Saturday event raised $1,181 for the Arc Greater Twin Cities through book sales, attendance and album sales by Twin Cities artist Tiffany Trawick.
Harris will be presenting again at the University of Minnesota Feb. 16. Shetterly will also be presenting at the University Feb. 21.
video size: 640x360 730x576 1024x576 1280x720 1920x1080 custom size x Advanced Embed Example Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document. .videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } show more
A package about the men and women from the 156th Airlift Wing from Muniz Air Base and how they partnered with volunteers from the Foundation for Puerto Rico, to distributing food and water in the municipality of Orocovis on Friday, Dec. 8, 2017. The Orocovis municipality, which is in the Central Mountain Range in Puerto Rico, is an area hard to reach in the mountainous part of the island because of washed out and unstable roadways. Some of the people occupying the area have been without power for the last two months and the much-needed supplies were welcomed.
*Please see BROLL, Spanish and English Interviews
“New arrivals to Hodeida are overwhelming already weakened health facilities and overburdening vulnerable host communities. Many displaced families are hosted in cramped accommodation, while others are living in empty buildings and open spaces. As a result of limited health services in their areas of origin, newly displaced persons are now increasingly prone to upper respiratory tract infections, skin diseases, eye infections and pneumonia,” WHO's office in Yemen said in a statement.
Scientists Work To Stop Violence After Losing Their Child In Newtown After losing their child in the Newtown shooting five years ago, two scientists are working to identify the neurological roots of violence and antisocial behavior.
We're just a day away from a Motorola event where the Moto Z2 Force will almost certainly be announced, yet while a number of renders have leaked, we're only now seeing actual photographs that supposedly show the phone.
These photos, originally posted by an ‘industry insider' on Baidu's Chinese-language forums and spotted by Android Headlines, are an exact match for what we've seen before.
They show a phone that looks a lot like the Moto Z Force, with a slim design, a metal shell and a connector for Moto Mods, but with a silver strip running all the way around the back. This is likely an antenna band to help with signal, in place of the large glass panels at the top and bottom of the Moto Z Force.
You'll also note that there's a dual-lens camera here, which is likely to be one of the biggest upgrades for this year's model. Previously we've heard that this would be a dual-lens 12MP one, and you can also make out a dual-LED flash, while the front-facing camera appears to get a single-LED flash.
Image 1 of 3 Credit: Baidu/Android Headlines Image 2 of 3 Credit: Baidu/Android Headlines Image 3 of 3 Credit: Baidu/Android Headlines
Design and carrier changes
Other changes include an oblong rather than square home button (which likely includes a fingerprint scanner), but with similarly large bezels above and below the screen.
We can't be certain that these images are accurate, but they match up with the renders and it's not surprising that someone would have got hold of the phone this close to launch.
Speaking of the launch, we've also heard courtesy of reliable leaker Evan Blass that all four US carriers will offer the Moto Z2 Force. That's worth noting, as the original Moto Z Force was a Verizon exclusive.
It was also a US exclusive, and we're not sure yet whether the Moto Z2 Force will get released across the pond, but all should become clear tomorrow.
Over at Trent University, the St. Peter Saints were representing Peterborough in the unified league, making their way into the playoffs. The Saints played well and lost in a close game to the Bracebridge and Muskoka Lakers 30-22.
"It's been a great turnout to the event," said Joanne Cornelisse, a coach for Peak North-Huron Heights. "There's a lot of enthusiasm from all the athletes and coaches."
The Special Olympics Ontario School Championships concluded with the closing ceremonies Wednesday night at the Memorial Centre.
NOTE: Results can be found at sooschoolchampionships2018.ca
—
Special moments for Special Olympians in Peterborough
LANCE ANDERSON
Peterborough This Week
The smile on Miranda Moorcroft's face summed up what Special Olympics is all about.
The Grade 10 St. Peter Secondary School student could barely contain herself after receiving the gold medal for running-long jump. She leapt from the podium with her hands in the air before running off with her friends.
"It's pretty awesome," said Miranda later.
This is Miranda's second year competing in Special Olympics. This year she qualified to represent her school at the Special Olympics School Championships being held this week in Peterborough.
She was even chosen to carry the Special Olympics torch into the opening ceremonies held at the Peterborough Memorial Centre on Tuesday night.
Miranda said she is participating in running races, long jump and shot put.
"I like all this stuff," she added. "I don't have a favourite."
The track and field competition was held at Thomas A. Stewart school on Wednesday. Hundreds of athletes competed in a variety of events in hopes of winning a coveted medal.
Between 1,000 to 1,200 high school athletes from 85 schools across Ontario, Manitoba and Alberta are competing in five sports during the Special Olympics School Championships in Peterborough. The events — track and field, floor hockey, soccer, bocce and basketball — are played at five different venues in the city.
Healthy completion is only one benefit the students experience while participating.
Kathryn Campbell, a learning life skills teacher at Adam Scott, said Special Olympics encourages students to be active while introducing them to life-long opportunities the Special Olympics organization can provide.
"And it's important for heath and social interaction," said Campbell.
Linda Takacs, learning life skills teacher at Kenner, said the games are exciting and empowering and give the students an opportunity to socialize and feel important.
Steve Miller has seen a big change in his daughter, Jessica, since she started competing in Special Olympics events last year.
This is Jessica's last year at St. Peter Secondary School in Peterborough and she's going out in style. On Wednesday, Jessica won the silver medal in running long jump in her division. Her friend Reggie Gabourie won first.
"It's allowed her to achieve goals never thought possible," said Miller of his daughter.
He added he got involved last year when Jessica was invited to compete at the Special Olympics School Championships that were held at Brock University.
"It's all about the kids, that's the focus," said Miller. "So I had to volunteer for this year's (championships in Peterborough). After the experience we had at Brock we had to get involved."
Jessica said she likes all the events she's competing in.
The Special Olympics School Championships closing ceremonies were held Wednesday night at the Memorial Centre.
"Don't look like it," Lue said. "We had no fight. I thought they took the game to us on both ends."
James finished with just 11 points and didn't play in the fourth quarter as the Rockets were too far ahead. Isaiah Thomas scored 12 for Cleveland.
Somber wouldn't even describe the mood in the Cavaliers' locker room, where players dressed quietly without any conversation.
"Another embarrassing loss," Thomas said. "Something gotta change. I don't know. It was bad from the jump. I don't want to comment too much on it. I need to watch film to see what really went down. It wasn't a good one for us on both ends."
The Cavs played their second game without injured All-Star forward Kevin Love, who could be out two months with a broken left hand suffered earlier this week.
Love's injury hurts, obviously, but there are far bigger issues with a Cleveland team that has lost 12 of 18 and appears to be tearing apart at the seams.
With the Rockets up 35 in the third quarter, the Cavs didn't even bother to huddle during a timeout. Thomas and J.R. Smith sat at the middle of the scorer's table while James and other players wandered near the bench area as Lue and his staff tried to figure what to do next.
James doesn't have any answers. The three-time champion said the situation is reminiscent of his first season with Miami. The Heat started 9-8 but finally found their groove.
James isn't so sure the Cavs can do the same.
"When you have an opportunity, you do your job and you do it to the highest of your ability and you live with those results. We don't do that every day."
One of James' closest friends, Paul isn't writing the Cavs off just yet.
"You got LeBron James over there in that locker room," he said. "What else does the man need to do? I'm a little biased, but what else does he need to do? If you all don't believe in him, you're all trippin'."
The Cavs actually did a decent job on Harden, who recorded the first 60-point triple-double earlier in the week against Orlando. Harden went just 5 of 14 from the field.
Down 26 at halftime, James and the Cavs walked off the floor hearing boos from Cleveland fans who have grown tired of their lack of defence, chemistry and commitment.
With the trade deadline on Thursday, Cleveland might need to make a major move to have any chance of getting back to its fourth straight Finals. This group isn't getting it done.
"Our mindset has to change — what we're really playing for," Lue said. "Are we playing to win or are we playing to look good? We have to be tougher. When things get tough we have to be tougher."
TIP-INS
Rockets: Harden, who went 1 for 11 on 3s, tweaked his ankle in the third quarter, but stayed in. ... Paul passed Andre Miller (8,624) for ninth place on the career assists list. ... G Eric Gordon (lower back stiffness) missed his second consecutive game, but coach Mike D'Antoni expects the team's second-leading scorer to play Tuesday in Brooklyn.
Cavaliers: Love met with reporters before the game and acknowledged he's "still down" after suffering his third broken hand in 10 seasons. He said the previous two times he recovered more quickly than expected. ... Dwyane Wade passed Payton (21,813) points and moved into 32nd place on the career list.
ROCKET LAUNCHERS
D'Antoni felt his team gained confidence after hitting several early 3-pointers.
"It makes it easier," he said. "Once you see the ball go in a couple of times everybody gets feeling good about it."
Houston finished 19 of 51 behind the line.
UP NEXT
Rockets: Visit Brooklyn on Tuesday.
Cavaliers: At Orlando on Tuesday.
By Tom Withers, The Associated Press
SEOUL, South Korea (AP) -
Monday, March 19, 2018 at 5:22 pm |
Deputy Secretary of State John Sullivan meets with South Korea Foreign Minister Kang Kyung-wha, Friday, at the State Department in Washington. (AP Photo/Jacquelyn Martin)
Top U.S., South Korean and Japanese officials discussed how to achieve the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula during weekend talks ahead of upcoming inter-Korean and U.S.-North Korean summits, Seoul said Monday.
South Korean officials who visited Pyongyang recently say North Korean leader Kim Jong-un agreed to hold talks with South Korean President Moon Jae-in in late April. Seoul says Kim also proposed meeting with President Donald Trump.
Pres. Trump then agreed to meet Kim by the end of May, but North Korea has yet to confirm talks with the U.S.
The developments have raised hopes for a potential breakthrough in the North Korean nuclear crisis. But many experts say tensions would flare again if the summits fail to make any progress and leave the nuclear issue with few diplomatic options.
U.S. National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster met his South Korean and Japanese counterparts, Chung Eui-yong and Shotaro Yachi, in San Francisco for talks over the weekend on denuclearization and the summits, South Korea's presidential office said in a statement.
They agreed to maintain close trilateral cooperation in the next several weeks, and shared a view that it's important not to repeat past mistakes, the statement said. It didn't elaborate but likely refers to criticism that North Korea previously used disarmament negotiations as a way to ease outside pressure and win aid while all along secretly pressing its weapons development.
Appearing on CBS's “Face the Nation” aired Sunday, South Korean Foreign Minister Kang Kyung-wha said Kim had “given his word” that he was committed to denuclearization.
“He's given his word. But the significance of his word is — is quite — quite weighty in the sense that this is the first time that the words came directly from the North Korean supreme leader himself, and that has never been done before,” she said.
Kim's willingness to negotiate over his nuclear program is a step forward, but many experts remain skeptical about how sincere he is about giving up a nuclear program that his country has built for decades despite toughening international sanctions.
Chung, who headed a high-level delegation to Pyongyang and met Kim during his March 5-6 trip, says North Korea told his delegation it won't need to keep its nuclear weapons if military threats against it are removed and it receives a credible security guarantee. The North has long maintained such a stance, saying it won't abandon its nuclear weapons unless the United States pulls out its troops from South Korea and Japan and stops regular military drills with South Korea that it views as an invasion rehearsal.
A senior North Korean diplomat, meanwhile, flew to Finland on Sunday for talks with former U.S. officials as well as American and South Korean civilian academics. The meeting, set for Tuesday and Wednesday, is a possible opportunity to examine the North's sincerity about its denuclearization pledges. North Korean officials and former U.S. officials and experts have often held such talks, known as “Track-2.”
Five selected members of the Ghana Amputee Football Association have been trained in basic food craft as part of measures to create alternative means of livelihood and to make them self-employed.
The training, which took place at the Accra Sports Stadium, was an initiative of Siam Carving Academy, based in Bangkok, Thailand in collaboration with Anne's Perfections Fruit and Vegetable Decorations.
The trainees were taken through the basic act of soap carvings as a prelude to fruit and vegetable decorations, which would be arranged later than intermediate and advanced courses.
According to Mr. Larry Hertz, Director of Siam Carving Academy, the training is their social responsibility to the less privileged and it was aimed at whipping up their interest in the art.
“This is a basic introduction to the art; we would prepare a bigger programme for them towards the intermediate and advanced stages so that many of them could use it as an alternative means of earning some money to support themselves,” Mr. Hertz said.
He disclosed that, those who would be trained would impart their knowledge to others in the regions and other parts of the country, disclosing that they would return to Ghana to offer such courses, funds providing.
He appealed to the international community to support the initiative to enable them involve more persons.
For her part, Madam Anne E. Sarfo, Director of Anne's Perfections, said there are many opportunities in the fruit and vegetable craft sector that can be explored if members of the Association and other Persons with Disability (PWDs) take advantage of the training programme.
She appealed to philanthropists and corporate bodies to support the programme to change the lives of the under-privileged.
The General Secretary of the Ghana Amputee Football Association, who happens to be the Secretary General of the World Amputee Football Federation (WAFF) expressed gratitude to the organizers and appealed for support to expand the training to reach many more PWDs.
The training was supervised by Mrs. Laong Wan Hertz, a Thai and wife of the Mr. Larry Hertz.
The training was partially supported by Kamafari Photography and One Lens Videography.
The lawsuit was sparked by a Sept. 12 media scrum at Queen's Park, where Brown told reporters Ontario had “a sitting premier sitting in trial” and that Wynne “stands trial” in Sudbury.
She also wants a retraction and for the Tory leader to cover her legal costs.
The premier is seeking $50,000 in damages for defamation and $50,000 in aggravated, exemplary and punitive damages.
Wynne's legal team filed a statement of claim in the Ontario Superior Court of Justice on Monday — less than six months before the June 7 election.
Premier Kathleen Wynne is suing Progressive Conservative Leader Patrick Brown for libel and seeking $100,000 in damages from her main political rival.
Sorbara and Lougheed were acquitted in October after Judge Howard Borenstein dismissed the Election Act case against them for lack of evidence.
The Tory leader's comment came the day before the premier testified as a Crown witness in the trial of Patricia Sorbara , her former deputy chief of staff, and Sudbury Liberal activist Gerry Lougheed.
Wynne's lawyers say that was “false and defamatory” and because the premier “was not on trial for bribery and has not been investigated by the police.”
It was a rare directed verdict, delivered before any defence witnesses were called.
While Brown was not available for comment, his office said it was “disappointing” Wynne alerted the media before telling the Tories about the lawsuit.
“Mr. Brown has not been served with or seen the statement of claim. This is yet another effort to distract attention from her government's record,” said Brown's press secretary, Nick Bergamini.
“It's no coincidence that this baseless suit comes the same day the PCs called for an OPP investigation into ineligible expenses claimed by insider energy executives,” Bergamini said.
The action comes as the Tories are themselves under police investigation for allegations of criminal fraud and forgery at a Hamilton candidate election.
Two-Star reporters and a columnist were in Brown's Sept. 12 press scrum along with journalists from CBC, Radio-Canada, The Canadian Press, the Globe and Mail, QP Briefing, Global, CP24, CTV, TFO, Queen's Park Today, Fairchild, CHCH, and Newstalk 1010.
Prior to the 2014 election, Wynne launched a $2-million libel action against the Tories' then-leader, Tim Hudak, and MPP Lisa MacLeod (Nepean-Carleton) over their comments about her alleged role in former premier Dalton McGuinty's cancellation of gas-fired power plants in Oakville and Mississauga. That matter was settled out of court in 2015.
The legal bills for both Wynne and Brown are being covered by their respective political parties.
Deputy premier Deb Matthews has accused the Tory leader of behaving like U.S. President Donald Trump, whose penchant for prevarication is well known.
“There is a principle in Canada that you do not make defamatory, misleading comments about another political leader,” Matthews said in October.
“In Canada, we actually expect people to be honest. There is, south of the border, a change in that culture. I do not want to see that change coming to Canada.”
Wynne herself was tightlipped about the suit Monday.
“You know what, it's in the hands of the lawyers and as the process unfolds it will be made public but the lawyers are engaged,” she told reporters at Toronto's Santa Maria Catholic School.
Her director of media relations Jennifer Beaudry said the ball is in Brown's court.
“We continue to remain hopeful that this issue can be resolved with an apology from Patrick Brown for his defamatory remarks,” said Beaudry.
“It should be that simple. However, if he continues to refuse to apologize we will have the ability to continue legal action.”
According to an RCMP release, the incident happened just before 4 p.m. in Windsor on Monday — the girl observed the man exposing himself as he stood on an adjacent property.
HALIFAX—A Nova Scotia man has been charged after allegedly exposing his genitals to a 12-year-old girl.
Garnett Frederick Smith, 67, was arrested a short time later by the RCMP and was held in custody overnight.
He appeared in Windsor provincial court on Tuesday to face charges of committing an indecent act and breach of probation. He was released on strict conditions.
Smith will appear in court on June 12 in Windsor.
The Challenges Of Regulating Autonomous Weapons, capable of operating independent of human control, are being developed by several countries around the world. NPR's Kelly McEvers talks with Paul Scharre of the Center for a New American Security about this new military technology and the challenges of regulating it.
Methane's On The Rise, But Regulations To Stop Gas Leaks Still Debated
Enlarge this image toggle caption David Gilkey/NPR David Gilkey/NPR
There's more methane gas in the atmosphere than there used to be, by every scientific measure. The Obama administration has been trying to stem the increase of this powerful greenhouse gas, but the incoming Trump administration appears bent on keeping the government's hands off methane.
The gas comes from agriculture, especially flooded agricultural lands like rice fields, as well as from the digestive tracts of livestock. But it's also the main component of natural gas; some methane escapes from leaky oil and gas operations.
Whatever the source, scientists have found that, after many years of very little change, concentrations of methane in the atmosphere have increased by 3 percent over the past eight years.
"Methane concentrations in the atmosphere are surging faster than any time in the last 20 years," environmental scientist Rob Jackson, of Stanford University, told NPR.
Jackson and his colleagues have long tracked various sources of methane, as it emanates from oil and gas wells, city sewers and manure pits; he recently published scientific papers on global as well as local concentrations of the gas.
"We understand some of the reason for (the increase)," he said, "but not all of the reasons."
Other climate researchers have confirmed Jackson's findings, and point out that methane warms the atmosphere at about 30 times the rate carbon dioxide does. Jackson said the recent increase convinces him that methane deserves as much, if not more, immediate attention as carbon dioxide, the main contributor to greenhouse gas.
Scientists point to agriculture as the likeliest source of the new methane, especially in Asia and Africa. Feeding more people has meant more rice fields, more livestock and more manure — all sources of methane. There also is some evidence that small changes in the chemistry of the atmosphere may be allowing methane to stay aloft longer than usual, giving it more time to warm the air.
But Jackson noted that there are other sources. "We also see evidence for some increase from the fossil fuel sector," he said, meaning drilling, processing and the transporting of natural gas. Recent research shows that leaks from the natural gas supply chain are more widespread than previously thought.
The U.S. government is taking steps to stem that source of methane. The Environmental Protection Agency has written regulations to make companies plug methane leaks at new or modified oil and gas operations, and at the operations on some federal land.
But the oil and gas industry believes the government is overreaching.
That debate is likely to flare up when President-elect Donald Trump takes office. Trump has said that environmental regulations drive up the cost of doing business and kill jobs; his choice to head the EPA, Scott Pruitt, the attorney general of Oklahoma, has made similar claims that the agency has a history of overly regulating oil and gas companies.
Jack Gerard, who leads the American Petroleum Institute, told reporters in November that he wants the incoming Trump administration to dump the regulations.
"Methane (regulation) is a top priority, and we'll be pursuing that aggressively," Gerard said. Some oil and gas companies have already sued to stop the regulations, which aren't yet in effect.
"I think everybody understands that there needs to be methane regulation, and it's really a question of degree," Steve Leifer, an environmental lawyer at Baker Botts, a legal firm that represents oil and gas companies, told NPR. "I know the industry is very concerned. They are taking it very, very seriously."
Oil and gas representatives argue that the recent research shows that the biggest source of methane is agriculture, along with natural sources like wetlands.
That may be true, but Mark Brownstein, a lawyer with the Environmental Defense Fund, said he believes that's a red herring.
"I think the debate over what's caused the near-term rise has served to obscure the fact that emissions are already too high," Brownstein told NPR. You have to start somewhere, he said, and capturing leaked methane from oil and gas operations is easier than changing agriculture practices.
In fact, stopping methane leaks should make economic sense for the oil and gas sector, he said: Methane is a commodity, and leaked methane is money lost. Brownstein's organization, along with university researchers and natural gas companies, has studied how much gas is leaking.
"Let's keep in mind what's at stake here," he said. "We're wasting enough natural gas every year to serve the needs of 7 million homes."
So far, oil and gas interests haven't been convinced. Gerard points out that the industry is voluntarily reducing leaks and doesn't need federal enforcement.
Leifer, the attorney representing oil interests, told NPR the debate will likely end up in court, along with lots of other pending environmental regulations.
"There is no major rule that isn't going to go to court," he said. "You just can't find one." That shouldn't be surprising, he said. Every change of administration in Washington means more business for lawyers.
Paulin's proposal would prohibit marriage of children under 17, and children age 17 to 18 would require court approval. ( Mike Groll / The Associated Press )
ALBANY, N.Y.—Child advocates in New York are attempting to overturn a law that allows children as young as 14 years old to wed because they say it can trap minors in sexual abuse and domestic violence. Democratic Assemblywoman Amy Paulin on Tuesday introduced a bill to raise the minimum age for marriage to 17. New York is one of three states that allow 14-year-olds to marry with parental and judicial consent. Read more:Child marriage a growing international issue, report says Paulin called the law an appalling loophole for adults to sexually abuse children and avoid statutory rape charges. “I can't even begin to imagine the physical, psychological and emotional traumas these children have suffered,” she said. “We must safeguard the health, safety and welfare of our children, who are the future of our society.”
Article Continued Below
According to data from the Tahirih Justice Center, a non-profit that protects immigrant women and girls, and the National Conference of State Legislatures, North Carolina and Alaska also allow 14 year olds to marry with parental and judicial consent. Twenty-seven states have no minimum age in state statutes, meaning children of any age could technically marry with court approval. Paulin said children have no escape from forced marriages because minors have limited access to legal services and domestic violence shelters. Paulin's proposal would prohibit marriage of children under 17, and children age 17 to 18 would require court approval. Fraidy Reiss, founder and executive director of Unchained at Last, a non-profit to end forced marriage, said religion, economic status and tradition motivate thousands of forced child marriages a year.
Health department data shows that between 2000 and 2010, 3,853 minors were married in New York. Eighty-four per cent were minor girls married to adult men. “The impacts of child marriage on a girl's life are devastating and long-lasting, undermining her health, education and economic opportunities and increasing her risk of experiencing violence,” Reiss said. Safia Mahjebia of New York's Brooklyn borough was 16 years old when a close friend in her tight-knit Bangladeshi community was forced into a marriage with a 25-year-old man. “Our immediate response was unanimous fear. Fear for her safety, fear for her future, and fear in the air to know you could be next,” Mahjebia, now 20, said. Mahjebia said she felt betrayed to learn the marriage was legal in New York, and it was only her parents' ignorance of that fact that prevented her own marriage as a young girl. Advocates from Unchained At Last and the Human Rights Watch wore white gowns and chains on their wrists outside the Assembly chamber Tuesday singing “Save the girls. Be the change. Help us to break the chains.”
WASHINGTON — RJ Cole scored 24 points with five rebounds and eight assists and Howard beat Florida A&M 83-80 in overtime on Saturday.
The Bison (7-17, 4-4 MEAC) led all overtime and a Dalique Mingo layup and two free throws by Charles Williams helped them take an 80-74 edge. FAMU's Desmond Williams cut it to 82-80 from the line with 29 seconds to go but Justin Ravenel missed a 3-pointer in the final seconds.
Charles Williams added 22 points and five rebounds for the Bison who are on a four-game win streak. Mingo had 12 points and six rebounds.
After a back-and-forth first half, 3-pointers by Cole and Charles Williams gave Howard a 56-49 lead with 11:21 to go in regulation. FAMU fought back, outscoring the Bison 12-2 in the final 5:25, and a Desmond Williams layup tied the game 74-all. Cole, Charles Williams and Mingo missed four shots in the final 18 seconds, forcing the overtime.
SANTA FE, N.M. (AP) — Contemporary art is getting a prominent new pedestal in Santa Fe with the architectural transformation of a warehouse venue into a full-blown museum.
SITE Santa Fe on Friday inaugurated a sweeping expansion and redesign of a former beer warehouse to add a snack bar, museum shop, lecture hall, outdoor "sky terrace," educational workshop space and an admission-free introductory gallery.
The redesign also adds new climate controls to a non-collecting contemporary art museum that displays borrowed works from across the globe.
Visitors pass into the revamped building through an overhanging aluminum lattice, designed by New York-based SHoP Architects as a deliberate departure from Santa Fe's adobe-dominated skyline.
The overhaul adds luster to redevelopment efforts in the city's railyard district. SITE Santa Fe is expanding operations to seven days a week.
ST. PAUL, Minn. (AP) -- An environmental group is asking regulators to take a closer look at the draft water quality permit for the proposed PolyMet copper-nickel mine in northeastern Minnesota.
WaterLegacy petitioned the Minnesota Pollution Control Agency on Friday to reject the draft permit, and if the agency doesn't, to convene a "contested case hearing." That's a trial-like proceeding before an administrative law judge to resolve disputed issues of fact.
The group says the permit lacks adequate safeguards to protect water downstream, in violation of federal and state law.
WaterLegacy and other groups petitioned the Department of Natural Resources last month for such a hearing on the project's draft permit to mine.
PolyMet says it can operate the proposed mine near Hoyt Lakes and Babbitt without harming the environment while creating hundreds of jobs.
In case you hadn't heard, Rihanna can do everything. From killer music to starring in Ocean's 8, she's got the entertainment industry covered. That's not all, though. Fenty Beauty was one of 2017 most's talked about beauty launches, and now, Rihanna's Savage x Fenty lingerie line is coming her fans' way. The line may still be a bit mysterious, but slowly, Rihanna is releasing details and that includes the launch date.
According to an image posted to the Savage x Fenty Instagram account, the lingerie will officially be available online beginning May 11. As for where, the post revealed that it could be sold exclusively online at SavageX.com. As for whether it will be in stores eventually, those details may emerge later. After all, when Fenty Beauty launched, it went big and landed directly in Sephora. There's always the chance the online-exclusive brand could come to stores.
So far, there haven't been many details about what the line will actually look like. The biggest glimpse so far comes from the same post as the launch date. Rihanna is wear what seems to be a gorgeous red floral teddy with cutouts along the stomach. Other than that, there have only been a few glimpses of the line.
One thing that has been revealed? The brand will more than likely carry plus sizing. Once you sign up for notifications regarding the launch at the Savage x Fenty website, you're directed to a page which asks for your bra and panty size. While the cup size only reaches DD (despite many women having much larger breasts), the brand size goes to a 44. As for the panties, you can choose up to size 3x leading to the belief that the line will, in fact, be plus inclusive.
If you're wondering if fans are excited for Rihanna's latest venture, the answers appears to be a resounding yes based on social media. The Navy (the name for Rihanna's fans) is sounding off on Twitter about their plans to shop the collection, and honestly, the reactions are kind of hilarious.
People are loving the fact that while the cup size could use some improvements, the brand does appear to be size inclusive overall, including both plus and straight sizing.
Plus, it's hard to forget that Rihanna's Fenty Beauty did just drop an all over body luminizer in Fenty Beauty. The timing is just too perfect, right? Rocking Fenty Body Lava while rocking Savage x Fenty just seems like a given at this point.
Before images of the line have even been released, fans know that it's going to make them feel like a million dollars, even if they're just rocking it at home.
Don't wear you don't need a partner to wear the lingerie. Wear it because it makes you feel amazing!
Look in the mirror and praise your Savage x Fenty covered body.
If you really want to go to the next level, snag all of Rihanna's babies. From Fenty makeup to body lava to Fenty x Puma and Fenty lingerie, you can be decked out in the star now, and who doesn't want to be totally Rihanna approved?
If you want to be one of the first to get your hands on Savage x Fenty, head over to the website now to sign up for notifications. According to the brand's Instagram, the pieces can be yours as soon as May 11 by shopping exclusively at the Savage x Fenty website. While designs haven't been totally revealed, this is Rihanna, after all. Anything she touches basically turns to gold, just look at Trophy Wife.
SPRINGFIELD -- The prescription that cured this health care issue was a preposition.
Springfield-based Health New England and the health care entity that was until recently called Trinity Health - New England have settled a 22-month legal battle over their similar-sounding names by changing a hyphen to the word "of."
"Trinity Health - New England" is now "Trinity Health Of New England," according to a news release issued Monday by both companies.
Health New England sued Trinity parent Trinity Health Corp. in federal court in Springfield in November 2015, claiming consumers could be confused by the similar names.
"We are pleased to have resolved this matter and look forward to moving ahead as Trinity Health Of New England, a name that accurately represents both our ties to Trinity Health at a national level and the local communities we serve," said Joe Connolly, vice president for marketing and communications at Trinity Health Of New England, in a news release.
Trinity Health Of New England is a unit of Michigan-based Trinity Health.
What had been known as the Sisters of Providence Health System, including Mercy Medical Center in Springfield and Sisters of Providence Behavioral Health, became part of Trinity when the company merged with Catholic Health East in 2013.
Trinity Health Of New England also owns Connecticut health-care providers including Hartford's Saint Francis Hospital and Medical Center and Mount Sinai Rehabilitation Hospital, as well as Johnson Memorial Hospital in Stafford Springs and Saint Mary's Hospital in Waterbury.
Health New England is a health insurer that does business in Western Massachusetts, northern Connecticut and parts of New Hampshire. It is owned by Springfield-based Baystate Health, the primary local competitor to Mercy and its affiliates.
"Health New England strives to make health care simple and clear for the people in the communities we serve, and we are pleased to have resolved this issue regarding the names of the organizations," said Ashley Allen, vice president of sales and marketing at Health New England, in the release.
Included in the lawsuit were images from both the Trinity and Health New England websites, as well as news coverage of Trinitys entry into the regional Springfield and Hartford markets.
One of the news stories cited was a profile published by The Republican / MassLive of Trinity president and CEO Christopher M. Dadlez.
Court records indicate the parties reached a settlement last month and that federal Judge Mark G. Mastroianni dismissed the lawsuit Aug. 11.
Terms of that settlement were not released.
As of Monday, text portions of the Trinity Health Of New England website had been updated, but the URL is still www.trinityhealth-ne.org.
Of is the fourth-most-common word in the English language, according to the Oxford English Corpus, an reference work that keeps track of such things.
Health New England trademark lawsuit
In-form Bulls loosehead prop Pierre Schoeman has incurred a steep penalty for sticking his teeth where they were not supposed to be.
The 23-year-old front row forward has been banned for six weeks for biting a Rebels player on Saturday during the Bulls' 28-10 win at Loftus Versfeld on Saturday.
The month-and-a-half exclusion means Schoeman‚ who has come on in leaps and bounds this season under John Mitchell's tutelage‚ will miss the Bulls' games against the Highlanders‚ Stormers‚ Sharks‚ Jaguares and Brumbies.
Should he make the Springbok cut‚ Schoeman has the potential of missing a Test debut against Wales on June 2 Schoeman was not charged by the on-field match official Ben O'Keefe for taking a chunk of Rebels loose-forward Richard Hardwick's flesh but was issued an off-field red card by the competition's citing commissioner.
Schoeman pleaded guilty to the offence during his video-conference hearing and that earned him a deduction from 12 to six weeks.
Judicial committee chairman Adam Casselden SC ruled that mitigating factors saved Schoeman from a harsher ban.
“With respect to sanction the Judicial Committee deemed the act of foul play merited a low-end entry point of 12 weeks.
"However‚ taking into account mitigating factors including the player's early guilty plea‚ his good character‚ his good disciplinary record and his remorse the Judicial Committee reduced the suspension to a period of six weeks‚” Casselden ruled.
BIG PICTURE
South Carolina: The Gamecocks looked a long way from their Final Four appearance of last season in the blowout loss. South Carolina entered the game at .500 on the road in SEC contests, but wasn't in this one from the start. The Gamecocks are trying to make the NCAA Tournament in consecutive seasons for the first time since 1997-98.
Texas A&M: The Aggies looked like the team that had risen to No. 5 nationally leading into SEC play, before they lost their first five league games because of the injuries and suspensions. Performances like the one on Saturday, despite A&M still owning a losing record in SEC action, are why analysts like ESPN's Joe Lunardi project A&M in the NCAA Tournament as a 10th seed as of this week.
STAT OF THE DAY
Frank Martin's teams are known for their aggressiveness on defence, but it was A&M with the hustle on Saturday in nearly tripling South Carolina in steals (11 to 4).
HIGHLIGHT REEL
Robert Williams swatted a Justin Minaya 3-point attempt into the crowd with 6:50 remaining in the first half, and Williams was so thrilled by the block he joined the crowd in clapping.
THROWBACK
The Aggies wore replica jerseys from the 1969 Southwest Conference champions, of course it was the throwback to the most recent holidays with the team's high-revving performance that most intrigued the more than 10,000 fans on hand.
GOOD CAUSE
Both teams wore shirts during warm-ups advocating autism awareness. A&M strength coach Darby Rich's six-year-old son, Case, is autistic and considers the A&M players like older brothers.
HE SAID IT
"We had no resolve to fight their talent. They took it to us, simple as that." — Frank Martin on the Aggies.
UP NEXT
South Carolina: The Gamecocks are on the road for a second straight time when they play at Arkansas on Tuesday.
Texas A&M: Following consecutive home games, the Aggies' schedule strengthens in a hurry with a game at league-leading and No. 11 Auburn on Wednesday.
By The Associated Press
(ru) Все права защищены! © 2007 - Contact online news : При использовании материалов активная гиперссылка на www.contact.az обязательна
(en) All rights reserved! © 2007 - Contact online news : When reprinting, active hyperlink on www.contact.az required. Powered by © Contact Online news, 2007 -
Email: editor.contact.az@gmail.com
Brie Bella is raising her daughter as a vegetarian.
The 34-year-old professional wrestler gave birth to her daughter Birdie Joe Danielson - whom she has with her husband and fellow wrestler Daniel Bryan - 11 months ago, and has revealed that whilst she is feeding her a vegetarian diet, she won't stop the tot from eating meat if she requests it.
She said: "As of right now, I am [feeding Birdie a vegetarian diet]. The day that Birdie asks me to try meat, I won't deny it to her."
The 'Total Bellas' star doesn't want to "push" her beliefs onto her daughter, and will let her make her own decisions when she gets older.
She added: "I'll always let her know the things I believe in and why, but I'll never push them on her. I was blessed to be raised in a family where they didn't push a lot of stuff on me.
"I was able to find who I am today and I want Birdie to have that. I'll educate her on why I live the lifestyle I do, but if she asks for it one day I won't make her feel bad about it and I'll let her try it for sure."
But Brie has faced criticism for her decision to raise Birdie on a vegetarian diet, as people are reportedly concerned she is "starving" her daughter.
Brie said: "You almost can't tell people you're a vegetarian because they feel like you're starving your baby. I birthed a nine-pound healthy baby. I ate so many vegetables, which is maybe why Birdie loves them too. I just think people have a misconception about what it means to be a healthy vegetarian."
The wrestling star - who is the twin sister of fellow wrestler Nikki Bella - also revealed that motherhood changed her opinion on vaccinations, as she felt getting her daughter immunised against life-threatening diseases outweighed the possible injury incurred by the needle.
Speaking to People magazine, she said: "I was someone in the beginning who doubted vaccinations. But I started educating myself and I started realising how easy it is for kids to get different diseases and infections that they can't fight off.
The post referred to Minassian as "Private (Recruit) Minassian Infantry 00010" in his post.
It is unclear whether Minassian was the author of the post.
The Canadian Armed Forces said Minassian was a member for about two months in 2017, beginning in late August. He was then released after 16 days of recruit training, having made the request to exit the forces voluntarily.
Minassian studied at Seneca College, according to a LinkedIn page listing him as a student between 2011 to 2018. He was also a member of the support staff at Seneca's Office of Research and Innovation, according to the college's directory. His name has since been removed.
Joseph Pham, 25, said he sat next to Minassian in a computer programming class at Seneca, and that he saw him last Monday.
"I never talked to him," Pham said. "I sat beside him a few times. He kept to himself. He didn't really talk to anyone. He participated in class. He is, you could say, socially awkward."
Pham described Minassian as someone who would fidget or twitch frequently, and kept to himself. He also had a knack for computer programming, and developed a Toronto Parking Authority app, Pham said.
Access to a Richmond Hill street, near Bayview and 16th Aves., was restricted by Monday evening, with yellow police tape surrounding a home listed to Vahe and Sona Minassian, property records show.
In a 2009 interview with the Richmond Hill Liberal, a Sona Minassian said her son lives with a condition called Asperger's syndrome, a form of autism, and relied on Helpmate, a social service community program whose lack of funding threatened to shutter it.
"My son would spend afternoons working with Helpmate. They were sensitive to his needs," she said, not naming her son.
"He was able to take the experience provided by Helpmate and apply it. This kind of service for my son wasn't available elsewhere. I am convinced that if we didn't have Helpmate, my son would not have had such an opportunity," Sona Minassian said of the job her son was able to land at a local IT company.
Minassian was part of a special needs program at Thornlea Secondary School, said former classmate Will Cornish, 25. Minassian didn't behave violently, he said, but could be seen in the hallways twisting his hands together.
Dominic Reynolds was in Grade 11 when Minassian began high school, but would often share the special needs program classroom with him. Though Reynolds, 28, wasn't in the special needs program, he said to accommodate his learning disability he was sometimes required to study in the same room.
"He (had) notable special needs," Reynolds said of Minassian, citing his behaviour of making meowing noises and hugging his arms around himself in the hallways at school.
He said he was surprised to hear Minassian was the suspected driver as he didn't believe Minassian would be able to drive given his special needs condition. Reynolds said special needs students were well supported at Thornlea, and doesn't believe Minassian was a bullying victim.
Shannon Goel, 25, said Minassian was in her Grade 5 class at Sixteenth Avenue Public School in Richmond Hill. When she heard his name reported on the news she got out her old yearbook.
"I just remember him acting out," she said. "He would throw fits, he would always act out, and it was hard for people to control him."
About a year ago, I was flying from Hamilton to Montreal to visit my family and was trying to steady my nerves.
Not because I was anxious to see my family, although … insert obvious joke here. No, it wasn't them. But as I've mentioned previously in this space, I'm not the greatest flyer in the world. Even though, yes, I'm aware that my fears are irrational and even though I've never let it stop me from getting to where I want to go. That said, I am the stranger in the seat next to you who will grab your arm during that initial bout of turbulence when the plane is making its ascent above the clouds. You've been warned.
So before boarding, I always make sure I have certain items with me: chewing gum to help my ears pop, a bottle of water, a playlist of soothing music on my phone and, these days, my iPad stocked with distracting movies and TV shows. In fact, my iPad has become a key travel necessity, replacing the stacks of heavy magazines I used to haul on board each trip (apologies to the magazine industry for my betrayal). Because when I'm immersed in an important film like "Sisters," starring Tina Fey and Amy Poehler, I'm not thinking about the fact that we're 30,000 feet in the air. For the most-part. Usually.
It was on one such trip last year that I was focusing on the comedy playing out on my small screen, when the baby in the seat behind me started to wail. Once upon a time, in a distant universe, before any of my friends and family had kids, I might have been annoyed by a child wailing directly into my ears. But now, knowing how stressful it is for a parent to both calm their child and deal with judgy criticism (either real or perceived) from self-absorbed passengers, my first thought in these situations is pity for the parent. (Yes, I'm also annoyed because of course I'm also a self-absorbed jerk, but I am also capable of considering the parent, OK?) And here I was, holding a magical baby-calming machine in my hands, one I've seen work miracles so many times before.
Now, I get that offering a screen to a child these days can be akin to offering the kid a pack of smokes and a bottle of Jack Daniel's, depending on where the parents fall on the spectrum of screen permissibility. And I might not know anything about anything, but I've witnessed with my own eyes the calming effects that bright, colourful flashing whatevers can have on a baby. So wouldn't you offer your kid smokes and J.D. if you knew it would … never mind. Forget I asked that.
I wondered, if I offered the mom my tablet, would she be offended? Wouldn't she have brought her own device if she wanted to use one? Maybe she doesn't own a device. But she has a phone — everyone has a phone. But still, I wanted to help her somehow. Maybe she's regretting not bringing something to distract the baby. Maybe she's eyeing my iPad through the space in the seats and wondering why I won't part with my damn screen when she is so desperately in need of help.
So, I turned around and asked her if she'd like to use my iPad. She smiled sheepishly and declined. And I felt like a turd for the rest of the flight. Because now it seemed as if I was asking her to shut the kid up. Which, I mean, the wailing wasn't the best but it did perfectly sum up how I was feeling being 30,000 feet up in the air, so ... right there with you, kid.
Why do I mention this? Because earlier this week I came across a years-old blog piece at Travel + Leisure, titled: Is it Rude to Ask Someone to Quiet a Child On a Plane? The answer to that question is YES. It's terrible. Would you ask someone to stop hiccuping? What about a nervous flyer who grabs on to your arm and whimpers softly every now and then?
The point is, the mother of the child is stressed. If she could quiet the baby, she would have done that, moron. Do you think anyone likes listeningto a screamingbaby? And that goes for airplanes, grocery stores, shopping malls, and so on.
Later this week I'll be boarding another plane so I'm in full preparation mode, making playlists, downloading comedies and the like. And no matter how loud a kid might wail, I will keep my tablet to myself.
Brain damage in former players fuels soccer 'heading' fears
by Reuters 15 Feb 2017, 05:50 IST
By Ben Hirschler
LONDON (Reuters) - Scientists have found signs of brain damage that could cause dementia in a handful of former soccer players, fuelling worries about the danger of frequent knocks from heading the ball or colliding with others on the field.
The small study was the first of its kind, involving post mortems on six men who died with dementia after long careers playing soccer. All were skilled headers of the ball.
It suggests that some professional soccer players might risk the same long-term cognitive problems suffered by boxers and some American football players.
But experts said more research was needed to prove any definitive link between heading a football and developing dementia, and they added that the risk was likely to be minimal for occasional players.
"We've demonstrated that the same type of pathology that occurs in ex-boxers can also occur in some ex-footballers who have dementia, but I'd emphasise this is a very small number of players," said co-lead researcher Huw Morris of London's UCL Institute of Neurology.
"The average playing career of these players was 26 years, which is thousands of hours of game playing, thousands of hours of practice and thousands of headers ... I think the risk is extremely low from playing recreational football."
Soccer is the most popular sport in the world and scientists said the danger of head injuries had to be weighed against the game's known benefits in improving cardiovascular health, which actually reduces the likelihood of developing dementia.
The study, published in the journal Acta Neuropathologica on Wednesday, followed 14 retired soccer players with dementia and secured next-of-kin permission for post mortem examinations for six of them.
The scientists found evidence of chronic traumatic encephalopathy (CTE), a potential cause of dementia, in four of the six brains. All six also had signs of Alzheimer's disease.
CTE is common in ex-boxers and has been linked to progressive memory, behavioural and motor impairment.
Unlike boxing or American football, blows to the head in soccer are generally lower impact and players are less likely to experience concussion. But there may still be cumulative damage from sub-concussive impacts, experts believe.
Britain's Football Association said more work was needed into whether degenerative brain disease was more common in ex-footballers, adding it planned to jointly fund research with the Professional Footballers' Association.
(Editing by David Holmes/Ruth Pitchford)
The Los Angeles Chargers kicked off their chapter with a disappointing 48-17 loss to the Seattle Seahawks on Sunday evening at the StubHub Center.
The team got off to a hot start with the starting offense driving down the field and quarterback Philip Rivers connecting with tight end Antonio Gates for the game's first score.
But once the first-team offense team starters came off the field, things got ugly for the Chargers in a hurry. Here are some of our favorite tweets reacting to Sunday's Bolts preseason loss, the good and the very harsh one.
LA Chargers* of Dean Spanos have had some LA Clippers of Donald Sterling moments.. Especially No. 2 offense. Slapsticky. — Tom Krasovic (@SDUTKrasovic) August 14, 2017
Even the Seattle Seahawks got in on poking fun at the Chargers.
1' There's the kick and we're underway from the StubHub Center in Los Angeles! 0-0 | #SEAvsLAC — Seattle Seahawks (@Seahawks) August 14, 2017
Although the majority of reactions the Bolts received on Sunday via Twitter, one of the bright spots for their defense was the pressure created by star defensive ends Joey Bosa and Melvin Ingram.
The #Chargers have a pair of pass rushing studs, and they showed it in their preseason opener cameos: pic.twitter.com/HsRi3oU9II — Pro Football Focus (@PFF) August 14, 2017
When backup quarterback Kellen Clemens got into the game, things went south quickly. The former Oregon Duck had three turnovers — two interceptions and one fumble. But he did connect with receiver Travis Benjamin on this 75-yard bomb.
After that, it was all bad for the Bolts, including the total number of fans in attendance.
attendance announced at 21,054…#LAGalaxy had 25,667 last night. Galaxy wins — Kevin Baxter (@kbaxter11) August 14, 2017
For a while in Sunday's game, it seemed like Chargers rookie coach Anthony Lynn couldn't catch a break. He even lost his first challenge.
This game was so bad for the #Chargers that head coach Anthony Lynn even lost his first challenge. #FightForRedFlagsOnTheGround — Derek Togerson (@DerekNBCSD) August 14, 2017
Overall, the Bolts would like to quickly forget about their home debut in L.A. But that didn't stop some Chargers media members from taking swipes at the team's new Fight For L.A. campaign.
I mean, ya gotta give the Chargers a break. They put all their effort into the Fight For LA promos. They got tired from that fight. — Bolt Beat (@BB_Chargers) August 14, 2017
The Chargers will host former quarterback Drew Brees and the New Orleans Saints next Sunday in their second preseason game at the StubHub Center.
A 39 year old Soweto woman is the latest victim to die, allegedly, in the hands of her boyfriend.
The woman was found on Wednesday morning at about 7:30 in Mofolo, Soweto lying on the ground with bullet wounds.
Police spokesman Captain Mavela Masondo said the woman was allegedly shot by her boyfriend and she was certified dead by the paramedics.
"A man described as her uncle was also shot in the leg, allegedly by the same suspect. Police launched a manhunt for the suspect which led them to Emndeni in Soweto where the suspect was arrested. He was found in possession of an unlicensed firearm believed to have been used during the commission of the crime,” Masondo said.
The 42 year old man will appear at Protea magistrate court for murder, attempted murder and possession of an unlicensed firearm.
Masondo said the motive for the shooting is unknown at this stage.
“Police will continue to ensure that those who commit crime against women and children are hunted down and brought to book,” Masondo said.
“Nobody in their most pessimistic expectations expected a number like this. If they announce these numbers without announcing any plans for refinancing or rebuilding the capital, that would have been worse for a public company. I think shareholders will have to take some more pains going forward as part of the restructuring of the capital,” said Mohammad Yasin, managing director at National Bank of Abu Dhabi Securities.
Today Partly sunny, with a high near 80. South wind 10 to 13 mph.
Tonight Partly cloudy, with a low around 60. South southeast wind 10 to 15 mph.
Wednesday Sunny, with a high near 84. South wind 14 to 17 mph becoming west northwest in the afternoon.
Wednesday NightPartly cloudy, with a low around 47. North wind 10 to 14 mph.
ThursdayMostly sunny, with a high near 66. North wind 10 to 13 mph.
Thursday NightA chance of showers between 1am and 4am, then a chance of showers and thunderstorms after 4am. Partly cloudy, with a low around 46. Chance of precipitation is 30%.
FridayShowers likely and possibly a thunderstorm. Cloudy, with a high near 54. Chance of precipitation is 70%. New precipitation amounts between a quarter and half of an inch possible.
Friday NightShowers likely. Cloudy, with a low around 42. Chance of precipitation is 60%. New precipitation amounts between a quarter and half of an inch possible.
SaturdayA 40 percent chance of showers, mainly before 1pm. Mostly cloudy, with a high near 57.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Amir Khan and his wife Faryal Makhdoom have welcomed their second child.
But their relationship has been anything but a fairytale romance - full of ups and downs, and with plenty of bumps along the way.
As the couple, who already shared three-year-old daughter Lamaisah, celebrate the birth of their second child, a second daughter named Alayna, we take a look back at their rocky relationship.
Amir got engaged to American model Faryal in 2012 when she was 20 and he 26. It was a suitably lavish affair, a £100,000 rock and a £150,000 party for 1,000 guests at Bolton Wanderers' Reebok Stadium.
(Image: Liverpool Echo)
At the time, the boxer insisted marriage would not distract him from victories in the ring.
He said at the time: "Marriage won't change me. I'll stay the way I am. My fiancée understands the way I am and she knows what comes first for me. My sport has always been there. I want to dedicate myself to fighting for the next couple of years. She's cool with that. And our families help. They really get on.
"She's not seen the ring yet, in fact I've not seen her since we got engaged, so it will be good to catch up."
Amir planned to keep Faryal, who was a political science and journalism student, out of the spotlight.
In 2012, he apologised to his future wife who was ‘disgusted' after he posted a photo of himself posing next to a scantily-dressed Las Vegas pole dancer while holding huge wads of cash. The devout Muslim and former world champion had put the picture on Twitter with the comment "Let's play lol."
He later deleted the tweet and apologised to Faryal and his followers who accused him of disrespecting their religion. He claimed the cash he is pictured holding was fake, and that the woman on the pole was not a stripper but a woman performing "acrobatics".
Originally when she first saw the posting Faryal tweeted: "Ew. Woke up to something very disgusting & disturbing."
She quickly downplayed her reaction adding: “Oh well! I'll still smile through my day. Hehe.”
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
But when the backlash started against Amir, who she met the year before, she took to her Twitter account defending her husband-to-be.
The New York student tweeted: “Everyone needs to take a chill pill. I am aware of everything my man does. Thanks for the concern. However, there's a big difference between a strip club & a normal club. I think most clubs in Vegas do have pole dancers. Even I knew that lol.
"Also, a relationship is all about trust, not stupid stuff like this lol."
Later that year, Faryal demanded a showdown with one of his ex-lovers… to find out if he cheated on her. She ­requested a meeting with Natalie Fox after growing suspicious of the world champion.
It is believed she discovered text messages between Amir and blonde model Natalie alluding to a fling. Natalie, then 28, claims she bedded him just two weeks before his ­official engagement to Faryal in January 2012.
But Amir, then 25, insists it happened a year earlier in January 2011.
Faryal and Amir met when the boxer was doing a photoshoot for Vogue in New York. Faryal told the Bolton News : "During that time we went for dinner with mutual friends and since then we kept in touch and became really good friends.
(Image: FameFlynet UK)
(Image: Snapchat/FARYAL MAKHDOOM)
“He says he believes in love at first sight but I don't really believe in that. I really liked him as a person. I couldn't imagine how humble he was. A respectful guy. It really made me fall in love with him.”
The Bolton-born boxer went on to tie the knot with Faryal at the five-star Waldorf Astoria, in New York, in 2013. The former Olympian showed off his fast footwork – doing a Bollywood dance routine with his ushers for 350 guests at the reception.
The couple wore costumes of red, silver and white, heavily encrusted with glittering gems - with Faryal's so heavily decorated it is said to have weighed her down.
A source said: “It was an incredible ceremony. Because of his training the arrangements were left to Faryal but she did a brilliant job. They couldn't take the smiles off their faces.”
After walking down the aisle in New York, the couple then flew back to Bolton for a second ceremony attended by more than 4,000 people in a bid to please his family.
They went on to have a daughter - but Amir's plan to keep his catwalk model wife out of the spotlight backfired when they became embroiled in a very public feud with his family as she was subjected to abuse over her western choice of dress.
(Image: Twitter)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
She claimed that they were attempting to bully her and it led to Amir falling out in spectacular fashion with his relatives.
In an early sign of the familial troubles, Amir revealed his family had moved out of the house which is next door to his in a leafy suburb of Bolton. He said he had done his best and bought them a new home.
Faryal claimed the abuse had happened when she was expecting their daughter and that his relatives had told them to divorce her when she was nine months pregnant.
In December 2016, Faryal claimed she had been subjected to a tirade of abuse, and accused her in-laws of trying to destroy her marriage.
Amir's mother responded in the press accusing Faryal of lying, adding: “I once told her, ‘Faryal, do not wear this type of clothes; wear a scarf.' But she paid no heed so I stopped saying it to her again, because it was Amir's duty to tell her that.”
His father also said at the time: “Faryal was adopting a dress code which in the Islamic faith was not acceptable. I am a father to two daughters whom I have treated exactly the same way as I have treated Faryal.”
As the row escalated, Amir threatened to cut his parents out of his life, and in February 2017, he sacked his father Shah as his manager after their feud hit rock bottom.
(Image: Instagram)
(Image: WireImage)
But they have since resolved the feud - with Faryal acting as peacemaker. In June 2017 the boxer decided to bury the hatchet after inviting Shah to watch Pakistan versus India ICC Champions Trophy match at Edgbaston in Birmingham.
All appeared to be well between the couple and the Khan family.
Amir and Faryal had split up, but got back together just before he entered the'm A Celebrity jungle in November 2017.
He later said on Loose Women that the real reason for their marriage problems was a "lack of communication".
"What went wrong was a lack of communication," he admitted, going into detail about how being laid off from boxing training had given him too much time to think.
"The way it went public wasn't nice. I think anger sometimes takes over. We want to make sure all that's put behind us."
Amir went on: "I was going through that hand injury I had, not being in the boxing ring, being away from my family, going through a lot of stuff in my life - when I was away from the boxing ring I lost that focus, that structure.
"Not being in the gym, not training, having a lot of downtime, you have a lot of energy in your body and sometimes it's mental as well."
Faryal, who at the time was six months pregnant with the couple's second child, pointed out that their long-distance relationship didn't help either.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
"I was in England, he was in Dubai - he thought he was a bit cool in Dubai, judging by his tweets," she quipped.
Amir confessed that he'd had something of an existential crisis and didn't know who to turn to.
"My family were very supportive, my parents, they kind of helped me when I said I didn't know what to do. I did come to a stage where I didn't know what to do with my life, I was breaking my marriage, I wasn't boxing, I had a hand injury.
"I didn't know where to go or what to do. Being a Muslim I started praying and that's one of the things that put me on the right path."
He said the'm A Celebrity chance come along just at the right time to save him, and he credited the programme with helping his marriage recover.
"It was a detox for me, just to get away from everything," he added.
And in February last year, Amir faced cheating claims.
At the time, Faryal announced she was spending Valentine's Day alone, just days after her husband was accused of trying to convince a model to visit him in San Francisco while his wife was out of town.
(Image: Getty Images North America)
(Image: Twitter)
"Btw How corny is Valentine's Day ... Who's going to be sitting at home? Eating chocolates they bought themselves?" Faryal darkly asked her followers.
The couple left for America on January 29, with Amir destined for a training camp in San Francisco and Faryal for New York.
They were due to meet up after a week, but model Dasha Abdelgany, 27, claimed that Khan tried to convince her to fly over and see him before Faryal arrived.
Just days after insisting he wasn't a cheat and that he was unfairly targeted by women, Dasha said Khan, 31, told her that she was cute, drooled over her voice and said of her lips: "Wow."
She claimed he befriended her after a social media spat and invited her to fly from her home in New York to meet him at his San Francisco training base.
“The medical attention was poor. The food also came late and only about a quarter of the people ate. It was a dangerous situation. It was difficult. It's not something we are used to‚" Nanyane said during an interview on the SABC's Morning Live show.
He claimed this was the second time that such an incident had occurred.
"The problem is that management could not foresee it. The first time we went in at night. We only came out the next morning at around 11am. Now we went in at 10pm [on Wednesday] we are only coming out now on Friday. We ask ourselves‚ what will happen if this continues‚” Nanyane said.
The National Union of Mineworkers (NUM) chairperson at the mine‚ Koloi Tisa‚ also raised concerns. “Safety is a serious issue because‚ when people are trapped underground‚ the escape route from where they were trapped at [shaft three] to shaft two is a very long distance. I agree with the employees that their safety is at risk.”
He said the generators were not effective and‚ "because the first generator couldn't take the weight”‚ it tripped‚ which meant the generators were not maintained.
But‚ said Wellsted: “Backup generators at two of the shafts were effective in allowing the hoisting of 272 employees at the one shaft and 64 at the other.
“The power surge‚ which resulted from the Eskom power lines being destroyed‚ affected the software on a winder at our number 3 shaft and‚ as a result‚ we were unable to bring workers to the surface until Eskom power had been restored."
We are in a transition period in which women's economic and political influence is strong and there is growing consensus in the international community for equality. T oday's resistance can be seen as a reaction to this success, and as proof that the struggle for the rights of women and LGBTQ people is a battle that must constantly be fought The most controversial issue is also the most basic: the right to decide over your own body, sexuality and reproduction. There are still many women who are unable to decide whom to marry, whom to have sex with or when to have children. This is absurd, and should be relegated to the annals of history. The question remains: who should decide over a woman's body, if not herself?
LAS VEGAS (AP) -
Monday, March 19, 2018 at 3:11 pm |
A key executive behind Amazon Go, the online leader's much heralded cashier-less grocery store, says she was surprised at how many customers were hesitant to just walk out of the store.
“What we didn't necessarily expect was how many people would stop at the end on their first trip or two and ask, ‘Is it really OK if I just leave?'” said Gianna Puerini, vice president of Amazon Go, which opened in January in Seattle.
That was one of the insights she and another executive shared at Shoptalk, a retail industry event that kicked off its four-day run Sunday. Puerini also noted that the best-selling item has been chicken sandwiches. Other popular items include meal kits and fresh fruit. Puerini said the store is geared toward people who are hungry or in a rush. She says that she's pleased at how many customers come back frequently.
With the Amazon Go app, the retailer can get real-time customer feedback, which helps guide the store in what to stock. In fact, after hearing from vegans complaining about how cheese is mixed into the salads, Amazon Go is now offering the cheese on the side, according to Dilip Kumar, vice president of technology of Amazon Go and Amazon Books, who shared the stage with Puerini.
With Amazon Go, shoppers enter by scanning their phones. The store technology itself keeps track of what they pick up and charges them after they leave. It uses computer vision, machine learning algorithms and sensors to analyze what people are grabbing.
Kumar says one of the biggest challenges is having its computers discern products that look similar, like a sugar-free Red Bull drink and the regular version.
As for rolling out Amazon Go technology at Whole Foods Market, which Amazon purchased last year, Puerini says there are no plans to launch what she calls “just walk out” technology at the chain.
“The work we do with them (Whole Foods) is focused on making natural and organic food available to more people,” she said.
But as far as expanding Amazon Go stores, Puerini just said, “Stay tuned.”
This report studies Soundproof Curtains in Global market, especially in North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan and India, with production, revenue, consumption, import and export in these regions, from 2013 to 2018, and forecast to 2025.
This report focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering
Acoustical Surfaces, Inc.
Quiet Curtains
HOFA
GLT Products
Flexshield
Moondream
Acoustic Curtains
Kinetics Noise Control, Inc.
Sound Seal
Steel Guard Safety Corp.
Envirotech Systems Pvt.
On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into
Sound Insulating Curtain
Noise-Reducing Curtain
Sound-Blocking Curtain
Others
Buy Now Full Report @ https://www.xploremr.com/cart/reports/buynow/59
By Application, the market can be split into
Cinemas and Drama Rehearsal Rooms
Offices
Household
Medical Centres
Sports Halls
Others
By Regions, this report covers (we can add the regions/countries as you want)
North America
China
Europe
Southeast Asia
Japan
India
If you have any special requirements, please let us know and we will offer you the report as you want.
Request to sample report @ https://www.xploremr.com/connectus/sample/59
Complete access to news articles on this website is available to Daily Record subscribers who are logged in. Subscribers may login at the login tab, below. Others may join our audience of successful Marylanders with a subscription today
“This is based on an idea called ‘informational dominance,' which is the idea that if you can capture every channel of information around a person and then inject content around them, you can change their perception of what's actually happening,” Wylie said.
Chris Wylie said the firm, Cambridge Analytica, secured personal data in order to learn about individuals and then used it to create an information cocoon to change their perceptions.
NEW YORK—A Trump-affiliated firm under scrutiny for inappropriately obtaining data on tens of millions of Facebook users created profiling algorithms that “took fake news to the next level,” a former employee said.
In an interview Monday on NBC's Today, Wylie said Cambridge Analytica aimed to “explore mental vulnerabilities of people.” He said the firm “works on creating a web of disinformation online so people start going down the rabbit hole of clicking on blogs, websites etc. that make them think things are happening that may not be.”
This idea of “information dominance,” of propaganda, Wylie told the Guardian newspaper earlier, is the notion that if you can control all of the streams of information to your opponents, “you can influence how they perceive that battle space and you can then influence how they're going to behave and react.”
Late Friday, Facebook said it would ban Cambridge Analytica, saying the company improperly obtained information from 270,000 people who downloaded a purported research app described as a personality test. Facebook first learned of the breach more than two years ago, but hasn't disclosed it until now.
The developments are the latest to show how people try to exploit Facebook in ways that could sway elections, and in the worst cases even undermine democracy. Before the Cambridge imbroglio, there were Russian agents running election-related propaganda campaigns through targeted ads and fake political events.
Wylie claimed Cambridge Analytica used the data it had while speaking with Russian businesses. He also said that while political ads are also targeted at specific voters, what's different here is that people wouldn't know they were getting messages aimed at influencing their views.
Cambridge Analytica has denied wrongdoing and said it deleted all data it received from a contractor after learning the data had been obtained in violation of Facebook policies. The firm said none of that data was used in its 2016 election work for the “avoidance of doubt.” U.S. President Donald Trump's campaign Saturday denied using the firm's data, saying it relied on the Republican National Committee for its data.
Wylie left Cambridge Analytica in 2014, and it's not clear how the firm targeted people with misinformation during the 2016 presidential campaign. What is clear is that two-thirds of Americans get at least some of their news on social media, according to Pew Research Center, and about 20 per cent do so “often.” While people don't exist in a Facebook-only vacuum, it is possible that bogus information users saw on the site could later be reinforced by the “rabbit hole” of clicks and conspiracy sites on the broader internet, as Wylie described.
While Wylie said he doesn't know whether Trump's campaign used the techniques, he said Trump's former campaign manager Corey Lewandowski was meeting with Cambridge Analytica in 2015, before Trump even announced his run for office.
(123RF)
Medytox, South Korea's largest maker of botulinum toxin, said Thursday that it has filed a lawsuit claiming intellectual property theft against domestic rival Daewoong Pharmaceutical and its US partner Alphaeon Corp.Botulinum toxin is a biopharmaceutical substance widely used to cosmetically remove facial wrinkles by temporarily paralyzing muscles. The drug is based on a neurotoxin protein produced by BTX-generating bacteria.Medytox has continuously claimed that Daewoong stole its BTX bacterial strain in developing its product, setting off public controversy in Korea last year. The Seoul-based company has now taken the same issue to the US courts.Medytox's move comes as Daewoong and Alphaeon have filed Type A botulinum toxin Nabota for approval by the US Food and Drug Administration as of last month. If approved, Nabota is set to become the first BTX product developed by a Korean company to hit the US market.According to court documents, Medytox on June 7 filed a lawsuit against Daewoong Pharmaceutical and Alphaeon, claiming that “DWP misappropriated Medytox's valuable assets and related intellectual property so that DWP could avoid incurring the risk, time and expense of independently developing their own drug.”In response to the suit, Daewoong Pharmaceutical said it “is looking into the lawsuit though it has yet to receive an official notice from the court.” The company plans to take strong legal measures against Medytox and hold it accountable for its actions, it said.“Local authorities have already ruled Daewoong innocent of all charges with regard to this case. We plan to actively address the US lawsuit and to push for strong legal actions against Medytox,” a Daewoong spokesperson said.Medytox's suit was filed by its legal representative Sheppard, Mullin, Richter & Hampton LLP at the Orange County Court in California, according to court documents available on the web.Medytox claimed that a former employee named BK Lee, who was involved in the development of its BTX product Meditoxin and the Meditoxin manufacturing production line, breached the firm's confidentiality agreement.The company argues that Lee stole Medytox's BTX strain and trade secrets on producing its botulinum toxin brand Meditoxinm, and delivered the information to executives at Daewoong Pharma in exchange for financial rewards.It also claims that Daewoong paid BK Lee more than $120,000 and provided favors to the former employee, including paid positions during Lee's post-doctorate studies at Purdue University, in exchange for Medytox's trade secrets.As news of the lawsuit was publicized Thursday, Daewoong Pharmaceutical shares plunged 7 percent to a close of 93,000 won ($83) on the day. Meanwhile, Medytox shares gained 1.19 percent to a close of 595,000 won.In addition to Daewoong, other Korean drugmakers including Medytox and Hugel are looking to launch their own BTX products in the US in the near future.Currently, the US botulinum toxin market, worth $1.5 billion, is dominated by Allergan with an 85 percent market share.Hugel is currently carrying out phase 3 clinical trials for its own BTX Botulax with aims to obtain the US FDA's approval by next year.Medytox, which has partnered with Allergan, will begin phase 3 clinical trials for its liquid-injectable BTX Innotox by the end of this year.By Sohn Ji-young ( jys@heraldcorp.com
Premier T Boost another choice is a heavy resto construct with a heavy emphasis on chain heal, discover big agencies of your crew, cling at the again and help them out with healing. Don t overlook to be sneaky and use terrain to hide.Raiding Shaman s are any other resto hangout for the Shaman, and chain heal sincerely comes out to polish.I strongly advocate you make investments closely in ensuring your Shaman will crit chain heals as much as possible, and get your mana totems running hard too. Your institution will love you for it.
https://www.bluesupplement.com/premier-t-boost/
WWE News: Randy Orton refuses to face Bray Wyatt at Wrestlemania 33
Is this the calm before the big storm?
by Suyash Maheshwari News 15 Feb 2017, 09:46 IST
Randy Orton pledged his undying allegiance to Bray Wyatt
What's the story?
In an interesting turn of events, Royal Rumble winner Randy Orton refused to face his master Bray Wyatt at Wrestlemania 33. During the latest edition of SmackDown Live, Orton affirmed his allegiance to Bray and refused to fight him at the Show of Immortals as long as he was the WWE Champion.
"As long as you are the MASTER and I am THE SERVANT, I REFUSE to face you at @WrestleMania!" - @RandyOrton to @WWEBrayWyatt on #SDLive pic.twitter.com/N2bkQ6I7la — WWE (@WWE) February 15, 2017
In case you didn't know...
The Apex Predator Randy Orton won this year's Royal Rumble and confirmed his Wrestlemania 33 main event spot. On the other hand, his accomplice Bray Wyatt won his first ever WWE Championship at the Elimination Chamber after defeating five other Superstars of the blue brand.
The heart of the matter
After Wyatt had successfully defended his title against John Cena and AJ Styles in a triple threat match on SmackDown, Orton came out and asserted his allegiance to the Eater of Worlds.
Also read: WWE Rumors: Randy Orton might be facing AJ Styles at Wrestlemania 33
He proclaimed that he would not cross Wyatt and knelt before him pledging loyalty. Randy Orton was quoted as saying the following:
“I won the Royal Rumble and all the privileges that come with it, but you are the WWE champion. However, as long as you are the master and I am the servant, I refuse to face you at WrestleMania. I pledge my undying allegiance to you, Bray Wyatt.”
What's next?
Traditionally, the Royal Rumble winner challenges the Champion for the title at Wrestlemania. But with Orton refusing to face the Eater of Worlds, it would be interesting to see how the angle develops from here.
Sportskeeda's Take
WWE has invested a fair amount of time and resources on this angle. And even though Orton has refused to face Bray at Wrestlemania 33, it could turn out to be a different story altogether in the weeks leading to the Show of Shows.
Send us news tips at fightclub@sportskeeda.com
Daisy Sweeney, left, was the older sister of Oscar Peterson and taught him play, is seen here with the jazz great's daughter Celine. ( via facebook )
MONTREAL—Daisy Sweeney, the woman credited with being the first teacher of Canadian musical talents like her brother Oscar Peterson and Oliver Jones, has died at the age of 97. Sylvia Sweeney says her mother's impact on numerous lives went beyond the musical icons who credit her with their success and Montreal's black community. “One of her greatest accomplishments: she broke the colour barrier by taking students she'd taught for 25 cents a lesson on Saturdays and took them to preparatorial exams at McGill University, to competitions,” Sweeney said Monday. “She changed the picture of what was possible — not in the minds of those children — but in the minds of those who were adjudicating them.” Daisy Sweeney, who died in Montreal on Friday, was born Daisy Elitha Peterson in 1920 in Montreal's Saint-Henri district.
Article Continued Below
“She was born in Montreal in an era where it was fairly difficult for anyone to have a vision that was black, about being more than the opportunities before them which was railway work and domestic work,” her daughter said. Even though black men and women were pigeonholed into those vocations, she viewed it as a test and paid her way through a music degree at McGill University. Meanwhile, she was enlisted by her father to train the other Peterson kids, among others.
“What she tried to do was to look at the children around her and have them see the potential in themselves,” Sweeney said of her mother's teaching philosophy. “She was always the one they all remembered because she took it beyond the piano bench, it was right into their lives, into their school, into their social (life).” Sweeney said her mother had a philosophy of exceeding expectations — that was her legacy and what the mother of eight instilled in her own kids. “My mom didn't care whether it was piano, or any instrument or any vocation, she just always said ‘never leave anything, go to something',” said Sweeney. Although she wasn't able to play music in the last years of her life, she still very much enjoyed music. “The very last photo taken of her, my sister had her with her earphones on listening to Oscar play,” said Sweeney. “She went out the way she lived, with music.” A public service is planned for Saturday morning at Union United Church in Montreal.
More frequent rail services were introduced between Leeds, Harrogate and Knaresborough this weekend.
Northern has increased the frequency of its Sunday services on that route from hourly to every 30 minutes as part of a new timetable.
The changes are part of a wide-ranging modernisation programme that will also see us add more than 2,000 extra services each week by 2020.
There are also plans for further modernisation across the Northern network, including new and fully refurbished trains, better stations and more ways to buy tickets.
Northern's oldest trains (Pacers) will also be removed from the network – with the entire programme delivered by 2020.
Paul Barnfield, Regional Director at Northern, said: “In the coming months and years our customers will see further improvements as we work to modernise our stations and facilities.
“We will also continue to improve our current fleet of trains and, from next year, will begin the introduction of 286 new, purpose built carriages. These trains will provide more space and enable us to add more than 2,000 services every week, building on the 2,500 we already operate each day.
“This is just the beginning of modernisation for our customers and there are many more exciting improvements to come on our journey to 2020.”
Another Mohamed Salah masterclass helped Liverpool take control of their Champions League semi-final – but two late Roma away goals gave them a glimmer of hope for the second leg.
Liverpool, who last reached the final in 2007, breached the visitors' naively high defensive line five times in the opening 68 minutes at a raucous Anfield.
Salah, who has now scored 43 goals since his summer move from Roma, scored twice and assisted two other goals.
He curled his first into the top corner from the edge of the box – then clipped the ball over Alisson from the edge of the box for a second.
Salah then ran down the right and squared for Sadio Mane to make it 3-0 – before doing the same to set up Roberto Firmino.
Firmino then headed in a fifth following James Milner's corner.
With his side leading 5-0, Reds boss Jurgen Klopp took off Salah – and Roma gave themselves a shot for next week's return leg at the Stadio Olimpico.
First Edin Dzeko lashed home from Radja Nainggolan's pass – then Diego Perotti put a penalty into the top right corner after Milner handled Nainggolan's shot.
Roma can take inspiration from the last round when they lost 4-1 in Barcelona but won 3-0 in Rome to go through. The same scoreline this time would take them into the final against Bayern Munich or Real Madrid.
On Monday March 19, The Hollywood Reporter revealed that Disney is making a live-action remake of Lady and The Tramp — and it sounds like it's going to be paw-some. While the film's release date has yet to be announced, you won't be able to catch it in theaters. The remake will debut on Disney's digital streaming service — which is set to launch in 2019 — and, in addition to being live-action, will also include computer-generated imagery (CG), according to The Hollywood Reporter.
While there aren't a whole lot of details about how special effects will play a part, I'm guessing the new film will end up being kind of similar to the live-action, Glenn Close-starring remake of 101 Dalmations. It's probably safe to assume that the CG part will come in handy for scenes like the candlelit spaghetti dinner — because even the best-trained dogs may need some assistance to slowly share a single noodle that ends up in a kiss. I mean, could any of us humans even exercise that kind of patience?
The remake will be directed by Charlie Bean, a long-time animator who worked on Cartoon Network's Dexter's Laboratory and Samurai Jack. Most recently though, he made his directorial film debut with 2017's The LEGO Ninjago Movie.
At first glance, Bean may seem like kind of an odd choice for Lady & The Tramp — The LEGO Ninjago Movie was an action-packed, computer animated film about crime-fighting toys with an expertise in martial arts. At the heart of the movie, however, was a touching story about family: the main Good Guy, Lloyd (AKA the Green Ninja), discovers that the man Bad Guy, Garmadon, is actually his absentee father.
While Lloyd and the rest of his secret ninja crew try to take Garmadon down, Lloyd also struggles with his desire to rebuild his relationship with his deadbeat dad. The whole thing was unexpectedly emotional, but showed that Bean is definitely qualified to deliver the kinds of sentimental scenes we all know and loved in Lady and The Tramp.
Speaking of which, according to Mental Floss, Moviefone, and Yahoo!, the famously-romantic spaghetti-kiss scene almost got nixed from the original film entirely. Steve Vagnini, a former studio archivist and a curator for the official Disney fan club D23, told Yahoo! Movies in 2015 that, "Walt [Disney] wasn't convinced that that would be a very clean-cut scene,” he said. “As you can imagine, if you have two pets and they eat a plate of spaghetti, it's hard to envision that being too graceful.“
The new live-action film is being produced by Brigham Taylor, who worked on the live-action remake of The Jungle Book. That movie, like the new Lady and the Tramp, also used a live-action/CG hybrid, and received overwhelming praise for the techniques by Variety.
"[The] animal effects are overwhelmingly successful," Andrew Barker wrote in his review for Variety. "It isn't just that the animal movements scan as real ... but they've figured out just how much to anthropomorphize the animal mouth movements to make their speaking seem natural, without turning them into cartoons."
With talents like Bean and Taylor on board, Lady and The Tramp already seems destined for greatness. The film will be one of many live-action Disney remakes coming out over the next few years — Mulan, Aladdin, The Lion King, and Dumbo are set to be released in 2019 alone. Disney has also confirmed that they're working on remakes of The Little Mermaid, Snow White, Pinocchio, and The Sword and The Stone as well, but release dates for those films have yet to be announced.
Until more details about the Lady and The Tramp remake are revealed, fans can start fantasizing about their dream voice-cast list. And I, for one, will definitely be eating spaghetti tonight.
NIZHNY NOVGOROD, RUSSIA—France picked up two trophies in 1998: One, of course, was the country's only World Cup title, won on home soil. It was also the birth year of Kylian Mbappe, the 19-year-old who's emerging as one of the biggest stars of the World Cup. “Well, that was a good year for him to be born, even if he didn't see much of the 1998 World Cup,” joked French coach Didier Deschamps, who was the captain in '98. “I'm very happy that Mbappe is a French citizen.”
France's Kylian Mbappe runs on the field during a training session on Wednesday. In scoring twice against Argentina , Mbappe became the first teenager with multiple goals in a World Cup knockout game since a 17-year-old Pele did it twice (including a hat trick against France) in 1958. ( David Vincent / The Associated Press )
It will be France's searing speed led by Mbappe and Antoine Griezmann against Uruguay's defence anchored by Diego Godin on Friday in Nizhny Novgorod in the World Cup quarter-finals. The winner will face Brazil or Belgium. Uruguay has given up only one goal in four World Cup matches, and France has scored seven — most in the 4-3 victory over Argentina in the round of 16. In scoring twice against Argentina , Mbappe became the first teenager with multiple goals in a World Cup knockout game since a 17-year-old Pele did it twice (including a hat trick against France) in 1958.
Article Continued Below
It's a big stage with inevitable comparisons that Mbappe smiled about and then batted away. “It's flattering to be the second one since Pele,” said Mbappe, born in France to a father from Cameroon and a mother from Algeria. “But let's put things in perspective. Pele's another category.” Read more: Belgium gets boost of confidence ahead of quarterfinal vs. Brazil. ‘Maybe it's this sort of match that we needed for the future.' Andersson the understated symbol of post-Zlatan Sweden at World Cup
England shootout misery ends with World Cup victory over Colombia This is France's seventh quarterfinal and its fourth in the last six World Cups dating back to 1998 and the famous side led by Deschamps, Patrick Vieira, Zinedine Zidane and Thierry Henry — the so-called “Rainbow Team” from a multicultural France.
Article Continued Below
“In a World Cup you have the top-level players,” said Mbappe, who plays for Paris Saint-Germain. “So it's an opportunity to show what you can do and what your abilities are. There is no better place than a World Cup.” After three lacklustre games in group play, France was electric in its most recent match, particularly in the second half when it cut up Argentina's plodding defence. Five of France's starters in the first group match had never played in the World Cup, including Mbappe. “You need some patience,” Deschamps said. Deschamps has compared playing Uruguay to facing Peru, which narrowly lost to France 1-0 in group play on a goal by Mbappe. He termed Uruguay “solid and aggressive” in a French television interview, adding: “These are not qualities displayed by Argentina.” The match will showcase several cross-border friendships. Griezmann plays at Atletico Madrid where his teammates are Uruguayan defenders Godin and Jose Maria Gimenez. Godin is the godfather of Griezmann's daughter. While Godin and Gimenez will try to stop Griezmann, Uruguay striker Luis Suarez will be opposing Barcelona teammate Samuel Umtiti. “I've always joked ... that I wanted to face Umtiti at a World Cup,” Suarez said. “And it came true.” Suarez's running mate, Edinson Cavani, scored both goals in the knockout win over Cristiano Ronaldo and Portugal but is nursing a hamstring injury, and it' unclear if he will play. His absence would be a blow to the South Americans, but defence is the real key with coach Oscar Tabarez expecting to see less of the ball. “I think very often there's the mistaken belief that ball possession leads to scoring opportunities,” said Tabarez, who took over in 2006. “If you don't have ball possession, you can still inflict pain.”
Read more about:
You wouldn't expect a 73-year-old to be on the crime beat, but Maximino Rodriguez Palacios couldn't help himself, says Cuauhtemoc Morgan, editor of the Baja California news blog Colectivo Pericu.
"It was totally by chance," he tells NPR. "In November 2014, Max called me about a shooting near his home in La Paz. And then he sent me a story and photos about what happened. From that moment, he was our crime reporter."
Rodriguez's passion to cover crime led to his death. Gunned down Friday as he pulled up in front of a supermarket, he became the fourth journalist murdered in Mexico in just six weeks. The country continues to be one of the deadliest places in the world to report the news.
For decades, Rodriguez had worked in journalism and in public relations for the state government. He came out of retirement to take up the crime beat for Colectivo Pericu, and in the following years his work became increasingly important. His home state, Baja California Sur, has become one of Mexico's most violent in recent months as drug cartels fought over the territory. In January 2017 the state recorded its most murders ever in a single month.
Through this, Rodriguez built up a following. A Facebook Live video from April 5 got more than 15,000 views. In it, he runs up to the police tape around a crime scene and, winded, tells his audience that the subject is dead. The victim would turn out to be a plainclothes police officer.
Several police officers had been murdered in recent months, and Rodriguez chased the story. In the last column he wrote for Colectivo Pericu, he cited anonymous sources to identify the leader of a local cartel as the mastermind. But this turned deadly.
"Our comments sections [on the blog] are open, so it has become routine for us to receive threats there," says Morgan.
Rodriguez's final column had five comments on it. Four were threats. Among expletives, one comment ominously reads, "You're lighting the candles for your own funeral, Max."
Three days later, Rodriguez was dead. His bullet-riddled car was the exact kind of crime scene he would have run to cover, camera phone in hand.
On Sunday night, the state attorney general's office said that ballistics tests showed that the firearm used against Rodriguez was the same one used in the killing of the police officer that Rodriguez had covered a week earlier. The investigation points toward Rodriguez being targeted for his work.
Since President Enrique Peña Nieto was elected in 2012, 31 journalists have been murdered in Mexico. Dozens more have been threatened or attacked. Reporters under threat have become hardened to this reality.
"When I hear of another murder, I just think 'who's next?' " says Noe Zavaleta, a reporter in Veracruz state. "It sounds crude to say, but it's the way I have to think about it now."
Zavaleta knows the danger of reporting well, as 20 journalists have been murdered in his home state since 2010. He began writing for the investigative magazine Proceso after his predecessor, Regina Martinez, was strangled to death in her home. One of his best friends and colleagues, photojournalist Ruben Espinoza, was murdered in Mexico City after seeking refuge there. But Zavaleta is back in Veracruz after briefly fleeing to Mexico City for his safety.
"Things haven't changed — if anything, it's gotten worse," he says. "But this is what I know how to do, and I refuse to leave because of intimidation. Maybe it's pride or my ego, but I won't leave."
The Mexican government recently has beefed up protection measures for journalists, as well as a specialized unit that investigates these types of crimes. But journalists don't just need protection from organized crime.
"[These protections] feel imaginary, because I have filed complaints about threats I have received from government authorities and their cronies," says Zavaleta. "I don't expect them to go anywhere, but I file them anyway so that other journalists can document what has happened to me."
The systems to protect reporters aren't working in practice, says Carlos Lauria, the Americas director for the Committee to Protect Journalists.
"Unfortunately, these bodies and mechanisms have clearly been insufficient to fight the violence and solve crimes against the press," says Lauria. "Impunity is still pervasive. Even in the cases where progress has been made, masterminds are still free and justice is losing."
By CPJ's estimate, 87 percent of the murders committed against journalists in Mexico since 1990 either have not been investigated or have no arrests.
But the journalists themselves aren't the only victims of press violence, says Lauria: With many reporters too scared to cover news that could anger criminals or corrupt politicians, the public often doesn't get to see the most important stories.
In Baja California Sur, it's unclear if reporters will be silenced by Max's death. Cuauhtemoc Morgan says he's talked to some journalists who want to get off the crime beat after the murder. But not everyone will stay quiet.
"My wife [the co-editor of Colectivo Pericu] and I are reflecting on what to do," he says. "But right now, we don't plan to stop reporting on this type of news."
On Monday, Colectivo Pericu kept publishing, like it was just another day.
Copyright 2017 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/.
ROBERT SIEGEL, HOST:
In the last six weeks, four reporters have been murdered in Mexico. The latest victim was Maximino Rodriguez. He was gunned down in his car on Friday afternoon in La Paz, near the southern tip of the Baja California peninsula. As James Fredrick reports, Mexico continues to be one of the world's deadliest places to report the news.
JAMES FREDRICK, BYLINE: At 73 years old, Max Rodriguez wasn't the kind of person you'd expect to be on the police beat. But he couldn't help himself, says Cuauhtemoc Morgan, the co-founder of Colectivo Pericu, the blog where Max worked. I catch him on his cell as he's driving to a memorial for Max.
CUAUHTEMOC MORGAN: (Speaking Spanish).
FREDRICK: "It was totally by chance," he said. "In November 2014, Max called me about a shooting near his home in La Paz. And then he sent me a story and photos about what happened. From that moment, he was our crime reporter." After decades as a reporter and government spokesman, Max Rodriguez came out of retirement to cover crime. He didn't know at the time how important the work would become.
Murders have recently spiked in his state as a feud broke out between drug cartels. January of this year set a record for the most murders there ever. A week before his death, Max posted this Facebook Live video which got 15,000 views.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
MAXIMINO RODRIGUEZ: (Speaking Spanish).
FREDRICK: He's running up to a crime scene outside a local prison. A man had been shot and would turn out to be a plainclothes police officer. But this type of reporting put Max at risk for exposing crimes and sometimes the criminals behind them.
MORGAN: (Speaking Spanish).
FREDRICK: "Our outlet promotes freedom of expression," says Morgan. "Our comments sections are open, so it's become routine for us to receive threats there." Last week, Max wrote about a string of murdered police officers and named the head of a local gang as the mastermind. There are five comments on the story. One ominously reads you're lighting the candles for your own funeral, Max.
Three days later, Rodriguez were shot to death as he pulled up in front of a supermarket. It was the exact kind of crime he would have run to cover, camera phone in hand.
On Sunday night, the state government said that the same weapon was used in the murder of Max and the police officer Max had reported on the week before, meaning he was likely targeted for his work. Max's death on Friday is the latest in a long list of murdered reporters throughout Mexico. Three others were murdered in March alone.
NOE ZAVALETA: (Speaking Spanish).
FREDRICK: Noe Zavaleta knows the risks journalists face as well as anyone. His predecessor at investigative magazine Proceso was strangled to death in her home. And a photojournalist he often worked with was killed after fleeing to Mexico City.
ZAVALETA: (Speaking Spanish).
FREDRICK: "We journalists face real threats," says Zavaleta. "Organized crime, that's obvious. Another is the state that tries to oppress our voices. And the third are corrupt media outlets that work with the first two to try to smear journalists who become victims." Murdered journalists have become so common as to harden Zavaleta's reaction to another death.
ZAVALETA: (Speaking Spanish).
FREDRICK: "When I hear of another murder, I just think who's next? It sounds crude to say but it's the way I have to think about it now." Now with this climate of fear and intimidation all over Mexico, the most important stories often can't be covered. Cuahtemoc Morgan says some of the reporters in his state want to get off the crime beat after Max's murder.
MORGAN: (Speaking Spanish).
FREDRICK: "My wife and I are reflecting on what to do," he says, "but right now, we don't plan to stop reporting this type of news." For NPR News, I'm James Fredrick in Mexico City.
(SOUNDBITE OF MUSIC) Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR.
OTTAWA — Health Canada says there were 1,179 medically assisted deaths between Jan. 1 and June 30 this year, accounting for about 0.9 per cent of all deaths nationally.
In the previous six months, the first half-year in which medical assistance in dying was legal, there were 803 assisted deaths, or 0.6 per cent of all deaths.
The department says the overall numbers are consistent with international experience.
Cancer was the most frequent underlying medical condition in assisted deaths, cited in 63 per cent of cases.
The Health Canada findings in its second interim report on medical assistance in dying say the average patient was 73 at death.
While some patients were between 18 and 45 at the time of death, the vast majority of cases involved people aged 56 to 85.
The report says there was a slight decrease in the number of patients dying in hospitals, with more people choosing to end their lives at home.
The law allowing medical assistance in dying went into effect in June 2016.
Since then provincial laws dealing with assisted death have been clarified or expanded and other changes are likely.
"It is expected that how services are organized, delivered and monitored will continue to evolve as data becomes more available and jurisdictions are able to evaluate existing policies and service delivery models," the report said.
Best and Worst of Smackdown - 14th February 2017
With a Wyatt at the helm, things just got weirder!
by Riju Dasgupta Top 5 / Top 10 15 Feb 2017, 10:11 IST
Things are bound to get interesting as we approach Wrestlemania 33
Two nights ago, at Elimination Chamber, a new, creepy, sadistic champion was crowned and things haven't been the same since then.
The first show since Elimination Chamber was eventful, much like any other Smackdown Live episode is, but the grand finale of the episode just left us with many unanswered questions.
How did Smackdown fare after an episode of Raw that had a lot of storylines progress on the road to Fastlane? Read our ‘Best and Worst' countdown to find out!
#1 Best: The Wyatt Family is absolutely insane
How often does the Royal Rumble winner refuse a title shot at Wrestlemania?
Smackdown should have ended with the truly explosive main event, and the audience should have gone home smiling.
Instead, Orton's music hit as Bray Wyatt celebrated his first title defence against John Cena and AJ Styles. The man with voices in his head told Wyatt that he does not want to face the master at Wrestlemania 33.
Earlier, shortly before the match transpired, Luke Harper showed up out of the blue and attacked his former master. You never know what to expect with these absolutely deranged individuals.
Heading into Wrestlemania, neither of the three men can be described as a babyface or heel in the traditional WWE sense. They are just crazed cult members from the backwoods, and they do not behave like normal individuals do.
This changes the dynamic heading into Wrestlemania and actually gives us a story to sink our teeth into, for a change. WWE took a stale feud and actually made it more interesting than it once was. Kudos to Smackdown for actually giving us storyline driven feuds and narratives.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Pregnant women afraid of giving birth were given £500 from the NHS to attend yoga and massage classes for a 'better birthing experience'.
Therapies undergone by birth-phobic patients were funded in the hope it will reduce the demand for caesarean deliveries.
The money was handed to six women to encourage them to elect a natural birth instead.
The mums-to-be all suffer from tokophobia - an extreme fear about giving birth.
They were funded classes in hypnotherapy, yoga and massage to provide "better birthing experiences".
(Image: Blend Images)
(Image: The Image Bank)
(Image: Caiaimage)
The cash was given to the women by the Waltham Forest Clinical Commissing Group, based in east London, as part of a personal health budget - which allows people to have a say over how NHS money is spent on them.
The details were revealed in Freedom of Information request, which suggested the scheme could be expanded.
The NHS body said: “We spent £3,000 for six patients with tokophobia (i.e. phobia of giving birth).
“The money was spent on a combination of therapies and interventions that include: hypnotherapy birthing classes, yoga for pregnancy, massage for pregnancy and cardio to build up stamina.
“The desired patient outcomes were better birthing experiences than had occurred in previous pregnancies and, where possible, less use of caesarean section as a method of delivery.”
(Image: Iconica)
(Image: PA)
But patient groups slammed the move.
Joyce Robins, from Patient Concern, told The Sun : “It is just ridiculous.
"I think it is a daft idea particularly with the parlous state of the NHE finances.
“By all means women should attend such classes, but don't expect the state to fund it.”
Mirror Online has approached Waltham Forest CCG for further comment.
NHS figures revealed last year almost 28 per cent of women had a caesarean - a three-fold rise since the 1980s
C-section reportedly cost the NHS £3,781 each compared to £1,985 for a natural birth.
Monday, August 14, 2017 at 5:44 pm |
Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon at a signing ceremony Sunday for an agreement to build new apartments in Ashdod. (Flash90)
YERUSHALAYIM - Ashdod is gearing up for a growth spurt.
The city of 250,000, which hasn't seen much growth in recent years, on Sunday signed an agreement that envisages 36,789 housing units, plus a possible additional of 9,000 in the coming years, Globes said on Monday.
Under the terms of the agreement, the Israel Land Authority will market the first 3,000 new homes in the Lachish Park neighborhood by the end of 2017.
Minister of Finance Moshe Kahlon, Minister of Construction and Housing Yoav Gallant, Israel Land Authority chairman Adiel Shimron and Ashdod Mayor Yehiel Lasri signed the agreement on Sunday with Prime Minister Netanyahu in attendance.
The plan calls for major road and sewage development in Ashdod as well as construction of public areas and welfare and educational facilities including 59 synagogues, 7 mikvaos, schools and classrooms, daycare centers, 14 community centers, 14 sports halls, and six libraries.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
There were a lot of things that confused EastEnders fans tonight.
From samosa-gate to the never-ending heist interrogations about where the money is, viewers weren't exactly thrilled this evening.
But there was one thing in particular that left fans utterly baffled - the fact that Mick Carter had been kidnapped and bundled into a van, only to be driven barely a hundred meters away to the Arches.
So, of course, viewers flocked to Twitter to question what the point of it had been.
(Image: BBC)
(Image: BBC)
(Image: BBC)
One tweeted: "Did they seriously use a van just to drive to the arches?"
Another commented: "Love the way that they have bundled Mick into the back of a van, to take him to the Arches. It would have been quicker to carry him #eastenders."
A third irritated viewer remarked: "So they bundled Mick into a van, in broad daylight, with a woman screaming. And they only drove him 10 yards round the corner. Whatever moron came up with this heist storyline and boring Aiden needs shooting #EastEnders."
"This storyline gets more ridiculous - Mick attacked, thrown in a rented van, driven 100metres and tied up in the Arches," another commented.
One noticed one rather big issue: "I'm puzzled how no one saw them fighting with balaclavas on and bundling him in the van #eastenders."
Another tweeted: "Did they really have to put mick in the van and drive him to the garage? Surely that's a waste of petrol? #eastenders."
Oh dear...
*EastEnders returns tomorrow at 8pm on BBC One
A former riding school could be demolished to make way for 35 new homes.
A letter has been sent out informing neighbours of plans to build at the ex Stanground Riding Centre in Whittlesey Road which closed to the public around eight years ago following the death of former owner Peggy Fishpool.
The centre is now called Stanground Stables and is leased to Lucy Filippone who keeps her four horses there.
She said: “I'm very upset. I can't believe it really. I had plans for it to be done up next year and returned to former glories.
“I rent it for my own horses but before that hundreds of people were down there and so many people learned to ride horses there.”
Lucy, who lives around the corner from the stables, which is near the Stanground Community Centre, is now running a petition which she hopes to take into Peterborough City Council, but she fears the worst.
According to the letter, outline plans for the 35 new homes (of which 30 per cent will be affordable housing) will be sent into the council in the next fortnight by Dalton Warner Davis LLP.
The application will then be available to view on the council's planning application portal which can be accessed via its website - www.peterborough.gov.uk
The Peterborough Telegraph contacted Dalton Warner Davis LLP but was told it would not be commenting.
To sign the petition, visit: http://www.ipetitions.com/petition/please-help-save-stanground-riding-stables?.
Carlo Ancelotti says Bavaria must be 'perfect' to beat Real Madrid
Dead rat thrown on pitch during derby in Denmark
A look at Harry Redknapp's career so far
John Terry set to leave Chelsea at the end of the
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Real Madrid CF updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Carlo Ancelotti is one of the most experienced and decorated managers around. As well as winning domestic league titles with the likes of AC Milan, Chelsea and Paris Saint Germain, the Italian has also won the Champions League a record three times.
The 57-year-old last won the competition with Real Madrid in 2014, setting him apart from all other managers.
So if there's anyone who knows what it will take to beat an in-form Real Madrid side, it's the current Bayern Munich manager.
(Photo: Getty)
The Bundesliga leaders face La Liga's top side in the quarter-finals of the Champions League on Tuesday night.
(Photo: AFP)
And Ancelotti believes only a perfect performance from his team will be enough to win at the Santiago Bernabeu.
"We have to avoid mistakes," said Ancelotti. "To try and win here we have to do the perfect game, with intensity, courage, personality and to use our quality."
A mill nearly as old as Canada must be sold if it is to survive, its owner says, since the spring flood has just washed through it, and through her hopes of creating a bed and breakfast.
The mill on Brennan's Creek in Old Killaloe has been there since 1870. Owner Anette Clough says it's part country home, part storehouse of history.
"It has a pile of stuff in there: Manual wooden planes, sickles, big wagon wheels, things that fit around a horse's neck." There is equipment for sending flour down a chute into bags, and flour sifters, all pushed to one side of the building.
The other side is renovated: a three-bedroom home on the top two levels, and a smaller apartment with a separate entrance.
She and her soon-to-be ex-husband bought it about four years ago. The couple eventually split; she moved out two years ago and her husband left last fall. The mill has been unoccupied since then.
"I would love, love, love to keep the place. It's an incredible building. I would really love to turn it into a bed and breakfast," she said Monday.
Previous owners blasted out bedrock and put in a 50-kilowatt turbine that generates electricity for sale to the provincial grid. At least it did until a flood three years ago. Clough figures the turbine itself is still fine, but the turbine room may need electrical repairs.
"We almost had it ready to turn on, we had all the electricals checked and cleaned, and then we got flooded three years ago. And that is because we didn't have enough stop logs pulled out of the dam," she said.
With the couple splitting up, she can't afford to invest more money in repairs that are needed in one foundation wall, or in putting the turbine system back into shape.
It's a lovely setting, with a pond behind the dam, walking trails and a foot bridge to the far side of the creek.
"I haven't put it on the market yet because I haven't been wanting to sell it because I really love it. But looking at what happened this year..."
Last week, the rising runoff water spilled past the dam and through the first floor of the mill, in one door and out another.
Clough said a structural engineer looked at the mill since then, recommending repairs to one foundation wall and an overall review of the building when water levels drop.
Stop logs work like plugs in a drain, meaning they can be dropped into position in a dam or lifted out to control how much water can flow through. They are intended to be lifted out in fall, so that the spring flood has an opening where it can rush right through. But the logs are heavy, and Clough and her husband couldn't remove them all last fall, so the dam was partially blocked. Then spring came.
The result is familiar to anyone who has tried to flush a blocked toilet: Water backs up and overflows. It's now receding.
The Killaloe Post, an online magazine that's largely the work of local photographer Lynn Flokstra, recently traced the history of the mill that was built by an Irish immigrant in 1849, and rebuilt after a major fire in 1870.
"At its peak the mill was powered by one wood- and one water-powered engine and was in operation 24 hours a day grinding the wheat harvest for local farmers," the Post notes. "When flour was no longer profitable they ground grain for livestock feed. With the rise of national commercial mills local grain milling became a thing of the past."
The mill had a second life sawing and planing lumber from the 1940s until 1968.
If no one maintains the building, Clough says, "it could get worse, and then the town and the area lose something that has been there forever and is really amazing."
tspears@postmedia.com
twitter.com/TomSpears1
Pointing out that animal agriculture currently requires a third of the ice-free land on earth, Datar spoke about the potential benefits of cellular farming, both in terms of its environmental sustainability and physical and economic viability in the long term. “Not only does animal agriculture impact the environment, there is also the effect of environmental changes on livestock,” she elaborated.
“Climatic conditions affect the productivity, fertility and health of animals, and extreme weather event like storms result in the animals being destroyed in large numbers. We have also reached physiological limits when it comes to growing whole animals, and the best way forward is food production from cell cultures rather than plants or animals,” added Datar. Datar and her team are currently carrying out cutting-edge research in the field of cellular agriculture, applying methods of tissue engineering to food production to generate meat and dairy products that are molecularly identical to those made conventionally. “Brewing milk from yeast, for instance, will produce 84 percent less greenhouse gases than producing milk from cows,” she added. The research, Datar agrees, is still speculative, and as it stands today, will take decades to complete. “With the support of world governments, however, we can complete it within 10 years.” The World Government Summit (WGS) 2017 has drawn the participation of more than 4,000 personalities from 139 countries around the world. This reflects the leading stature of WGS on regional and international levels and the high interest from governments, global organizations, private and public sector entities, decision makers, entrepreneurs, academics and university students as well as scientists and innovators. WGS 2017 features 150 speakers across 114 sessions that highlight the world's most pressing challenges and showcase best practices and cutting-edge solutions to deal with them.
GLOSSARY Cellular agriculture is the production of agriculturalproducts from cell cultures. There are two kinds of agricultural products: acellular products and cellular products. Acellular products are made of organic molecules like proteins and fats and contain no cellular or living material. Cellular products are made of living or once-living cells. Products harvested from cell cultures are exactly the same as those harvested from an animal or a plant; the only difference is how they are made. Acellular animal products are made without animals by using a microbe like yeast or bacteria. More from Environment Emirati to head WMO's Asia operations
'Eggs without hens, milk without cows'
Divers clean shipwreck turned hub of marine life
UAE at risk from climate change, forum warns
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An "astonished" mum has beaten odds of one in 500,000 by giving birth to three sets of twins - and she's a twin herself.
Growing up, Misty Lang, 35, dreamed of becoming a mother to one or two children, but never thought she'd end up with seven after all but one of her pregnancies were with twins.
And she's got a lot on her plate; Alex and Lexie, both nine-years-old; non-twin Calista, seven; Lacie and Nash, both five; and now Lana and Phoenix, who are both ten-weeks-old.
Misty, a twin herself, of Seattle, USA, said: "I'm amazed this has happened. ‘It's twins ,' are words I never thought I'd be hearing three times over.
“Life with so many little ones can be chaotic, but we get through it by learning to laugh, and not sweat the small stuff. There's a lot of closeness in age so, right now, their main hobby is fighting.
(Image: PA Real Life)
“Calista sometimes feels left out being the only singleton," she continued. "Our dog Rosie is the same age as her, so she often says they're twins. On the other hand, she likes not having to share her birthday.”
Misty grew up in foster care, so only had limited knowledge about her extended family and does not know if twins are commonplace.
When she first fell pregnant aged 25, with a former partner, she was delighted to discover at her nine-week scan that there were two little ones on the way.
“I thought twins skipped a generation, so I was really surprised,” she said.
When Lexie and Alex – Misty's eldest – were a year old, she discovered she was expecting again, this time with her “singleton” Calista.
(Image: PA Real Life)
Sadly, Misty split from her ex when she was seven months pregnant with Calista, but met her now-husband, Peter Lang, a 32-year-old Amazon worker, in March 2010.
The pair became engaged that December after he proposed in front of her family on Christmas Day, marrying the following summer.
“Peter is an only child, so was very eager to have children,” said Misty. “We decided we'd start trying on our honeymoon – but it didn't get that far.
“I found out a week before the wedding that I was pregnant again.”
Recognising the same extreme fatigue she had experienced during her pregnancy with Lexie and Alex, Misty suspected she was having twins again.
When the news was confirmed at her nine-week scan, she felt “happy and scared all at once.”
“We were going to have five kids under three. But, once the initial shock passed, we were incredibly excited,” she said.
(Image: PA Real Life)
As time passed, Misty juggled working and being a mum with studying, eventually aiming to go to medical school.
Then, incredibly, she fell pregnant with yet another set of twins in March 2017.
“I was in total shock when I found out. I thought it'd be another singleton to match Calista,” Misty said. “Somehow, I still managed to graduate in May of that year.
“On my graduation day, I was 11 weeks pregnant, so that last semester was pretty tough.
(Image: PA Real Life/Veronica Victoria P)
“I'm taking a break from studying while the babies are so young, but will hopefully go to medical school in 2019 instead.”
For now, Misty has worked out a tightly-run schedule to ensure that family life runs smoothly.
Working nights means Peter can take the children to school in the mornings before going to bed, while Misty, currently on maternity leave from her job as a surgical technologist or scrub, can stay home with the newborns.
“We try to have a routine, but we have to be flexible in case something throws a wrench in the plans,” she said.
“Peter is brilliant, it's a real team effort between us. We've learned to laugh at things and to pick our battles wisely.
(Image: PA Real Life)
“Yes, it can be messy sometimes – but that mess always gets cleared up.”
Having seven young children means Misty struggles to keep grocery costs down, admitting she can spend up to $400 (£286) per shop.
But, she tries to save by buying in bulk - shopping at wholesalers and cash and carries, instead of regular supermarkets.
She also finds that handing down clothes, toys and cloth diapers helps her be more frugal.
“We were luckily gifted a load of cloth diapers at my baby shower, so although we can't use them right now, as the babies are too small, when they fit in them that'll save a lot,” she said.
(Image: PA Real Life)
“Hand me downs are ideal. Aside from shoes, the kids share pretty much everything else. They don't mind at all.
“With so many little ones to look after, it can feel never-ending. I must do three or four big loads of laundry a day – so much we keep it in a portable cot rather than a basket."
Now, Misty has started a blog called Triple Twinning, where she writes about everything from how her body changed during pregnancy, to how she donates the leftover milk she expresses to other mums in need.
Reflecting on her miracle family, she said: "I love our life, and wouldn't change it for the world.”
Read Misty's blog at www.triple-twinning.com
New Delhi: Bollywood was hit by several break-ups news in 2016 and with just a day into New Year, here comes yet another shocking tale of separation. Talented actress-cum-director Nandita Das and husband Subodh Maskara have decided to split.
According to DNA, the two have decided to end their 7-year-long marriage. They have a son Vihaan, who is six years old. The report quotes Nandita as confirming the news, “Yes, it is true. Subodh and I have decided to separate. Thankfully, it is very amicable. Our son is our foremost priority and as parents of a delightful and sensitive child we request that his and our privacy be respected. There's nothing to hide and there's nothing more to be said.”
“Separation is never easy, more so if you have a child. For us, our son is our main concern and we are committed to ensuring his well-being”, she added.
The actress is known for starring in meaningful cinema such as 'Fire', 'Earth', 'Bawandar', and 'Kannathil Muthamittal'. Her directorial debut 'Firaaq' won her much critical and international acclaim.
A new helipad has been built at North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's lakeside villa, a news report said Thursday, citing an analysis of satellite imagery.
Curtis Melvin, a researcher at the US-Korea Institute at Johns Hopkins SAIS, discovered the new structure in imagery of the villa taken on April 2, according to Washington-based Radio Free Asia.
These images captured from Google Earth and provided by Curtis Melvin to RFA show North Korean leader Kim Jong-un`s villa before (right) and after the helipad`s construction. (Yonhap)
The helipad, which appeared new, was built near a yacht dock and hall inside the villa compound in South Pyongan Province, northwestern North Korea, it said."The new helipad appears to have been built not for Kim Jong-un, but for his family," RFA's Korean language edition quoted Melvin as saying. "It could also be used by people who visit Kim Jong-un by helicopter during his stays at the villa. Or it could be for other privileged classes."Kim has built nine private runways since taking power in 2011 upon the death of his father and late leader Kim Jong-il, according to RFA. Given his penchant for planes, the young leader in his early 30s is expected to construct more runways and helipads for the exclusive use of him and the ruling elite, it said."Because of this, there continues to be criticism that a huge amount of labor and capital that have nothing to do with the North Korean people's lives is being wasted," it noted.The manmade lake is also near the site where North Korea launched a newly developed medium-range ballistic missile called the Pukguksong-2 last month. (Yonhap)
NANA Glen's much vaunted batting line-up has more often than not this summer been more Datsun 120Y than Lamborghini but on Saturday it performed like a well oiled Formula 1 machine.
Nana Glen took control of the weekend's final against Diggers with a powerful batting display that sent in to a second consecutive grand final.
From the moment they won the toss and decided to bat the Lizards were in control.
A 147 run second wicket stand between Brodie Bartlett and Justin Saker at almost a run a ball set up Nana Glen's mammoth total of 9-339.
Both batsmen flayed the Diggers bowling attack to all parts of the Fitzroy Oval/Old Camp ground on their way to both being dismissed desperately short of centuries. Saker (94 off 85 balls) was particularly punishing as hit eight boundaries and five sixes.
When Bartlett was out for 92, Nana Glen had already reached 3-211 with plenty of overs to spare.
Diggers fought back at one stage to take 4-6 to possibly dismiss the opposition for less than 300 and give themselves a chance but an unbeaten 33 from Ben Watson at the tail helped Nana Glen to set an imposing target.
The run chase couldn't have started any worse for Diggers on Sunday.
The top three batsmen were all out with only seven runs on the board and the tale of woe continued from there as Diggers was dismissed for only 73. Russ Gardner was the only batsman to reach double figures with his unbeaten 53.
Josh Bartlett was the chief destroyer with the ball taking 6-10 off 10 overs.
GRAND FINALS
First Grade: Sawtell v Nana Glen at Richardson Park.
Second Grade: Sawtell Gold v Sawtell Blue at Richardson Park No2.
Third grade: Urunga v Nana Glen at Urunga.
Fourth grade: Northern Districts v Coffs Colts Red at Clive Joass Memorial Sports Park.
June 1 is the official start of the 2018 hurricane season and we've already had one named storm brush by Florida's west coast.
Storm season is serious business, and this year the Gabber is talking to Gulfport's Vice Mayor Christine Brown about what to do to get you and your household ready. Why? Brown's personal expertise with hurricanes includes her long-time volunteer efforts with the city's Community Emergency Response Team, her direct involvement with citizen and pet evacuation efforts during Hurricane Irma in 2017 and teaming up with her husband to build a stormproof safe room as part of their home.
Brown and I recently sat down to compare storm survival tips to share with you.
What do the two of us include in our personal hurricane kits and why? Here are some key examples that may help you fine-tune your own choices. Grab your favorite beverage and take note.
Create a two-part survival plan in advance of a storm: One is for staying home and the other is for evacuation. Plan ahead rather than at the last minute when you are under stress.
Use a high-quality camera to document your belongings and home before and after a storm for maximum reimbursement from insurance companies. Make sure cherished belongings are organized for evacuation and can fit in your vehicle. To save your cell phone power, rather than using an electronic GPS, use current paper maps of your city, county, state and region.
“Identify a friend who lives on high ground in the Tyrone or Disston Ridge area of Pinellas County who will let you evacuate to their home with your pets,” said Brown. “You don't have to go to Orlando. Public shelters are terrible for pets” because the animals cannot be loose. At pet-friendly shelters, animals must stay in their carriers and crates for the duration of their stay without bathroom walks or access to litter boxes. Shelters also require documentation to prove pet vaccinations are current.
Stock up two weeks of clothing, water, medicine and non-perishable food: Gather comfortable clothing you can wear when it's hot and muggy.
To save money, fill reusable plastic bags with potable water from your sink tap for the bulk of what you'll need during and after a storm. Fill personal sized plastic water bottles half way and freeze them for two reasons: First, to prolong the life of your frozen food if the power goes out and second, to have access to refreshing cold water for yourself and your pets.
In addition to prescription medications, stock up on over-the-counter remedies that address pain, heartburn and indigestion issues because you may be living out of your normal routine and be under stress for a while.
Plan for all dietary needs for yourself and your pets. Consider foods that can be consumed cold and test them in advance to make sure you can eat them for an extended period of time. Canned green beans and peanut butter can get boring after a day or two. Have a manual can opener handy. Power bars full of seeds can trigger temporary yet painful diverticulitis. Include favorite comfort food snacks that you can look forward to.
“Pinellas County is on a peninsula and it will be one of the last places where essential emergency supplies are delivered to from statewide stockpiles after a storm,” said Brown.
Storm survival gear: For light, get a hands-free, weather resistant LED headlamp you can wear on your head instead of wrestling with a flashlight.
These are also safer than candles and won't heat up your living space.
A hand-crank or battery-powered short-wave radio will allow you to monitor news from outside the storm area if traditional local sources are unavailable. If you can afford it, get a hand-held, battery-operated marine radio so you can have access to NOAA weather radio broadcasts in addition to two-way communication capability with boaters and first responders that is not phone-dependent.
A battery-powered portable tabletop fan will make life without air conditioning more bearable.
A high-end portable power cord and multi-outlet box with a reset button will protect your appliances and personal electronics from being damaged from electrical surges.
Either get your own generator or save money by teaming up with neighbors. Practice using it safely before a storm and make sure that you have an adequate supply of fresh fuel and oil for two weeks. Know the location of first-responder public gas stations that will be re-supplied first after a storm.
For a primitive toilet that is not dependent on a municipal sewer system, you can use a five-gallon bucket. Have a two-week supply of disposable plastic bags handy.
In an emergency during a power outage when calling 911 is not an option, use a waterproof whistle or portable boat horn to sound three short blasts – this is an international emergency signal for help.
If you depend on glasses to see, make sure you have a spare pair even if the prescription is not current.
Have cash available in the form of pocket change and small bills no larger than 20s so you can buy things during a power outage when cash registers won't be working and making change will be difficult.
Create an emergency fix-it kit that includes zip ties, duct tape, small rope and battery-powered tools you'll need to maintain things like hurricane awnings and shutters.
A comfy portable bag chair that you can use to sleep outdoors in is handy.
Personal protection items: Bug spray will keep you comfortable. Obtain high-impact power tool safety goggles that can fit over prescription glasses to guard against eye injuries from flying objects in high winds. Consider getting a baseball batting helmet like what the TV Weather Channel's Jim Cantore used when he was reporting outside during Hurricane Irma in 2017. You may not be a weather journalist – but you may need to go outside during the storm.
For clean up after the storm, use work gloves to protect yourself from injury while handling sharp objects; add plastic glove liners to provide some shielding against biological hazards, and wear steel-toed and steel-shanked rainproof footwear to keep your feet safe from nails and dry from standing water.
Waterless shampoo, hand cleaner and diaper wipes will mean you will not need to use potable water for personal cleaning.
Create a comprehensive, portable first aid kit containing adhesive bandages, gauze, alcohol wipes, antibiotic cream, plastic gloves and more to match your own medical needs. Take it with you if you evacuate.
Remember that favorite beverage we suggested you enjoy while reading this? For us, it's caffeinated coffee. This is why we brew plenty in advance and store it in portioned containers in a refrigerator. If needed during a power outage, we can enjoy it cold or at room temperature and we avoid enduring the caffeine-related headaches that we would get if we had to go without!
Final Thoughts
“Last year, we had a nice little test with Hurricane Irma of what it could be like during and after a storm and it wasn't bad at all compared to what it could have been,” said Brown. “So, make sure you don't wait until a storm is on shore and then say, ‘Oh, what am I going to do?' Make a plan ahead of time.”
Additional Storm Preparation References
There are plenty of quality resources to help you get organized to be safe and to have a deeper understanding of weather-related hazards, including Gulfport's annual hurricane seminar that will be Thursday, May 31 at 7 p.m. in the Hickman Theater. We have also included three more select government-related resources.
All inclusive: The 16-page Pinellas County All Hazards Preparedness Guide for 2018 includes a detailed map of evacuation zones and routes and it is available in the following languages: English, Spanish and Vietnamese. To find electronic versions of all three, visit pinellascounty.org/emergency/allhazardguide.htm.
Save money: The 2018 Florida Disaster Preparedness Sales Tax Holiday is from Friday, June 1 through Thursday, June 7. In addition to batteries, check out what other hurricane-related supplies are exempt from sales tax: floridarevenue.com/DisasterPrep/PublishingImages/DP%20Poster.png.
Know which areas will flood: Pinellas County Flood Information is an interactive online map that allows you to research flood risk by street address: pinellas-egis.maps.arcgis.com/apps/MapSeries/index.html?appid=5fa37e98d1bb4ffaafc8e164c04e191c.
The head of Poland's Supreme Court defiantly arrived at work on Wednesday in Warsaw, rejecting a law by the right-wing government that aims at forcing her and many other top judges into retirement.
The controversial law is at the center of the storm of Poland's broader constitutional crisis, which is straining its relationship with the European Union.
"I want to show that the constitution and the violation of the constitution are two different things," Malgorzata Gersdorf told crowds of protesters, The Associated Press reported. They were chanting "Judges are not removable!"
"I still hope that the legal order will be restored in Poland," Gersdorf told the demonstrators.
Gersdorf had been told to step down at midnight because of a new law that lowers the retirement age of Supreme Court judges from 70 to 65. She argues that she must be allowed to finish her term that ends in 2020.
The new law could have sweeping consequences for the Supreme Court, potentially impacting nearly half its judges in what critics call a purge, as NPR's Soraya Sarhaddi Nelson reported: "The government claims the forced retirements are aimed at fighting corruption and improving judicial efficiency."
Judges may request that the president allow them to stay on beyond the official retirement age. Some did apply, according to the BBC, but "Gersdorf was one of 11 judges who refused to make such an appeal."
The new moves are part of a broader set of aggressive actions taken by the ruling Law and Justice Party (PiS) that entrenches its control over the judiciary, raising alarm from critics who see it as the government overstepping its legal authority. The Associated Press spells it out:
"After already having taken control of common courts and the constitutional court, the ruling right-wing Law and Justice party now has captured control of the Supreme Court, the final appeals court for all civil and criminal cases, and the body that authorizes election results."
The changes have drawn formal criticism from the European Union. The European Commission said earlier this week that they "undermine the principle of judicial independence." It said it was launching an "infringement procedure," which could result in Poland being referred to the European Court of Justice. The Polish government was given one month to respond.
However, it's quite unlikely that the process will result in sanctions against Poland.
"Such actions require unanimous support of other EU bloc states," Soraya reported. "Hungary, where the government is carrying out its own purge of its critics, has already declared it will veto any actions against Warsaw."
On Wednesday, Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki faced questions about the changes at the European Parliament in Strasbourg, France.
"We don't want to rock the European boat," Morawiecki said, according to the AP. "We firmly believe that the European Union has future ahead, we only want our individual, national values to be respected."
Demonstrators gathered in multiple Polish cities on Wednesday, and the wire service reports that they marched to the Presidential Palace to express their discontent with the actions of President Andrzej Duda.
Gersdorf was not blocked from entering the Supreme Court building Wednesday, according to The New York Times. But it remains to be seen what authorities will do tomorrow. The newspaper reported that Jaroslaw Kaczynski, the leader of Poland's ruling party, said Gersdorf is "doomed to fail miserably."
Monday, August 14, 2017 at 5:17 pm |
YERUSHALAYIM - An incident at an Arosa, Switzerland, hotel that caters to Jewish guests elicited an outraged reaction from the Israeli government on Monday.
Deputy Foreign Minister Tzipi Hotovely called it “an anti-Semitic act of the worst and ugliest kind,” and demanded that the person responsible be prosecuted.
“To our Jewish guests, women, men and children, please take a shower before you go swimming,” warned a sign at the Aparthaus Paradies in the Alpine resort village. “If you break the rules I'm forced to close the swimming pool for you.”
After being informed that the signs had been taken down following complaints, Hotevely was not satisfied, and insisted that the woman who posted them be punished.
“Unfortunately, anti-Semitism in Europe is still a reality and we must make sure that the punishment for incidents such as these will serve as deterrents for those who still harbor the germ of anti-Semitism,” Hotovely said.
Israel's ambassador to Switzerland, Jacob Keidar, reportedly has requested that the Swiss Foreign Ministry condemn the incident.
Later in the day, hotel manager Ruth Thomann apologized, saying that any offense given was not intended.
“I have nothing against Jews, whom we regularly receive warmly here,” she told the Jewish Telegraphic Agency. “I may have selected the wrong words; the signs should have been addressed to all the guests instead of Jewish ones.”
The signs seemed incongruous, as guests said they had no previous indication of anti-Semitism at the apartment hotel about 70 miles from Zurich.
“Everyone had been very nice to us. Suddenly we came down and saw the sign. We were in shock,” one of the Israeli guests told Channel 2.
“It was very strange and the sort of anti-Semitic incident we have not been exposed to before,” she said.
Shlomo, a chareidi Jew from the Yerushalayim area who has stayed at the hotel, told Arutz Sheva on Monday that he did not believe it was a case of anti-Semitism.
“I personally know the owners of the hotel and the lady in question who is accused of anti-Semitism. I have been to this hotel several times, and they are as far from anti-Semitism as the Far East is from the West,” he said.
Shlomo said that he had no first-hand information about the incident concerning the signs, but he is convinced that “they are not anti-Semites.”
MINNEAPOLIS — The Minnesota Vikings have finalized their trade with the Denver Broncos for quarterback Trevor Siemian to be the backup to free agent prize Kirk Cousins.
Though Siemian started 24 games for the Broncos over the past two seasons, he didn't balk at his unquestioned place as the second-stringer on the depth chart.
"I'm here for Kirk. I'm here for these guys, and I want to win a bunch of games here," Siemian said.
The Vikings announced the deal, which was agreed to last week, on Monday. They sent a 2019 fifth-round draft pick to the Broncos for Siemian and a seventh-round choice this year, after signing Cousins to a three-year, $84 million fully guaranteed contract.
Kyle Sloter, who was in training camp with Denver last summer, will be the third quarterback if all goes according to plan.
The Vikings let Case Keenum, Sam Bradford and Teddy Bridgewater become free agents. Keenum, coincidentally, signed with the Broncos.
Siemian went 13-11 as a starter, as the Broncos moved forward with a combination of him, Paxton Lynch and Brock Osweiler after the retirement of Peyton Manning. For his career, Siemian has 30 touchdowns and 24 interceptions with a 59.3 per cent completion rate. Vikings general manager Rick Spielman lauded Siemian's quick decision-making, but there's plenty of improvement that can be made.
"That's the fun part of this game too, right?" Siemian said. "There are so many dimensions you can grow as a player, and that's what keeps it exciting."
He struggled at times and hurt his shoulder, which he had surgery on almost three months ago. For a seventh-round selection out of Northwestern, though, Siemian has carved out a decent career. When he found out about the trade, he was vacationing in Mexico with his fiancee, and the news was warmly welcomed.
"There are a lot of places you could go. For me to be here with an organization that's knocking on the door of some really, really great things," Siemian said, "I think there's a lot of people who would kill to be in this situation."
A host of fidget gadgets, designed to help people focus, have suddenly caught on in cities. Some are discussing their hidden benefits, while others dismiss them as “distracting toys”, or a marketing ploy. We asked some experts to weigh in on the issue.
Fidgeting deciphered
“Fidgeting can be defined as making small repeated movements, especially of the hands and feet, through nervousness or excitement. It is a very common ‘semi-voluntary' movement witnessed in many normal people. Anything from a little wriggle, restlessness, squirm, jiggle, twist or shuffle, shaking of legs or tapping the feet qualifies as fidgeting,” explains Amit Srivastava, senior consultant, neurology, at the PSRI Hospital in Delhi. It can be observed in some medical conditions like hyperthyroidism, mental retardation and Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) also.
Fidgeting is a complex phenomenon and neuroscientists have not arrived at a definitive conclusion on the cause and effects yet. “Some theories do mention that fidgeting stimulates the neurotransmitters in the brain, improves focus by putting away our distractions, and thus helps us concentrate on the one important thing that we are doing,” says Dr Srivastava.
Rise of the spinner
Whatever the possible medical benefits, fidget spinners and their variants (like a fidget pen called Think Ink, which combines a titanium pen exterior with a number of tactile elements) are selling in good numbers. “Many of my clients, especially young ones in the age group of 9-15, have carried it to my clinic and say that it helps them to concentrate,” says Shubha Madhusudhan, clinical psychologist, Fortis Hospital, Bengaluru.
Dr Srivastava says he sees it being used by both children and adults—apparently, it helps them cope with increasing stress (mostly mental work sans physical activity) and allay their anxiety.
Popularity, of course, does not establish their curative role. “I find that fidgeters are under pressure to work on their restlessness, and now they have a fancy gadget to fiddle with. They have a smile on their face because the fingers have something to manipulate with, so it works for some people,”says Dr Madhusudhan.
Manufacturers are even marketing these products as brain boosters for people affected by autism and ADHD. Dr Srivastava, however, says this is not yet backed by scientific evidence. “So with no tangible evidence to back such claims, I personally don't recommend the use of fidget spinners in clinical practice. In fact, most schools in the US have now banned the use of fidget spinners as it has become more of a nuisance,” he adds.
Photo: iStockphoto
Other options
Herbert Benson, a pioneer in mind/body medicine and author of The Relaxation Response, writes that repetitive action, especially of needlework, can induce a relaxed state like that associated with meditation and yoga. “Once you get beyond the initial learning curve, knitting and crocheting can lower heart rate and blood pressure and reduce harmful blood levels of the stress hormone cortisol,” says Dr Madhusudhan, adding that knitting is especially effective as two-handed repetitive movements paired with tactile, visual and emotional stimulation. She explains that craft activities like knitting are known to promote the development of neural pathways in the brain that help to maintain cognitive health.
While she has nothing against fidget spinners, she prefers to prescribe craft therapy like Madhubani painting, mandala art and pot painting in the therapeutic process. “I pick up easy-to-make kits and kids and adults alike are happy to complete them and get back what they have created to the clinic. It always helps,” she says.
In fact, even though studies haven't been conducted on this, sorting activities such as picking out “methi (fenugreek), mint or coriander leaves from the stem too can help in concentration and act as stress relievers,” says Dr Madhusudhan.
Fidget spinners? The jury is still out on them.
Rick Olczyk is leaving his position as assistant general manager of the Carolina Hurricanes and is expected to take a position with the Toronto Maple Leafs. The report came from TSN's Aaron Ward.
Expecting announcement that #Canes AGM Ricky Olczyk is leaving the organization. Hearing he is likely to land in Toronto in some capacity. — Aaron Ward (@NHL_AaronWard) July 4, 2018
Olczyk has been the assistant general manager of the Hurricanes since 2014. Prior to that, he worked with the Edmonton Oilers organization from 2007-2014. For the 2007-2008 season, he served as the Director of Hockey Administration and Legal Affairs. On August 8th he was promoted to assistant general manager where he held the position for 6 years. He was replaced by Bill Scott on April 21st, 2014. The Hurricanes hired Olczyk as assistant GM on June 20th, 2014. Rick is the younger brother of former NHL player Ed Olczyk.
It's still unknown as to what position Olczyk will fill with the team.
Busy Off-Season for the Leafs
It's been a busy off-season for the Leafs as the turnover is not only affecting the players but management as well. After firing Lou Lamoriello, the Leafs appointed then assistant general manager Kyle Dubas to become the teams 17th GM in team history. Mark Hunter, who was assistant general manager along with Dubas, left the organization on May 22nd. They replaced the two positions of assistant GM with Brandon Pridham and Laurence Gilman.
Olczyk won't hold the same position he most recently filled with his two former clubs, but he does have knowledge of the legal side of things as well as dealing with the NHL Collective Bargaining Agreement, which is what Brandon Pridham used to deal with before he was promoted to assistant GM. It's possible Olczyk could potentially fill the position left vacant by Pridham.
Related
View the original article on
Court records were released on Monday from the investigation into Prince's death last year, showing that painkillers, none of which were prescribed to him, were found in his Paisley Park estate after his overdose.
The records reveal that the day before he died on April 21, Prince communicated with a California doctor that specializes in addiction treatment, the Los Angeles Times reports. He was unable to fly to Prince's home in Minnesota, so he sent his 26-year-old son, who is not a licensed doctor, to evaluate the musician. He arrived at Paisley Park with Prince's friend and bodyguard, Kirk Johnson, and his assistant, who found Prince's body. Investigators also found "narcotic medications" inside vitamin bottles, the records show, but they do not state how he secured fentanyl, the powerful opioid he took before his overdose death.
The week before his death, Prince overdosed on an airplane, and was revived. At the time, his doctor of around a month, Michael Schulenberg, wrote an oxycodone prescription for him, but wrote it for Johnson in order to protect "Prince's privacy," Schulenberg told investigators. The records also show that the state's prescription database that pharmacists use to check for drug abuse did not contain any prescription under Prince's name. Read more about the unsealed records at the Los Angeles Times. Catherine Garcia
Test Boost Elite because of the discharge of estrogen primrose oil is very beneficial in dealing with signs of menopause such as hot flashes and mood problems. however primrose oil need to not be taken by using women who're tormented by breast most cancers. The increase in estrogen ranges should, when you have been diagnosed with estrogen-receptor high-quality breast most cancers, feed the tumor.
http://t-rexmuscleadvice.com/test-boost-elite/
Up to 185,000 jobs could be put at risk if Ontario's Liberal government keeps its pledge to increase the minimum wage to $15.
Those are the findings of an “independent assessment” of Bill 148, the Liberal's Fair Workplaces Better Jobs Act. The bill will hike the minimum wage — currently set to rise with inflation from $11.40 an hour to $11.60 in October, up to $14 on Jan. 1, 2018, and $15 the following year.
But the according to a study commissioned by Ontario's Chamber of Commerce, the bill will put jobs at risk and have “dramatic unintended consequences.” Chamber vice- president Karl Baldauf said the province needs to slow down and amend its legislation.
“Should the government move forward with these vast, unprecedented reforms, there will be significant, sudden and sizable uncertainty for jobs and economic growth in Ontario,” he said. The report also says that Ontario businesses will see a $23 billion “hit” over the next two years because of the legislation. While the changes won't cause mass layoffs, they will kill job growth, said Paul Smetanin, president of the Canadian Centre for Economic Analysis, which conducted the study.
“The results are not sensationalized,” Smetanin said. “We have been conservative in adopting what literature suggests. It pains us to have to deliver such a message.”
The report also estimates there will be costs for the Ontario government itself. Increased costs associated with the bill will add $440 million in debt to the province's treasury.
“As I go from community to community, the thing that I'm hearing over and over again is that these changes are all too much too fast,” he said.
Labour Minister Kevin Flynn said the government will review the findings the report. It's one of a “long list” of studies on the topic, he added.
“We recognize there are concerns from the business community,” he said in a statement. “We've worked hard to make sure Ontario's business climate is competitive, and we are committed to working with the business community to bring forward initiatives that will improve our competitiveness even more.
That being said, we will not back down from our plan to bring fairness to Ontarians.”
Progressive Conservative labour critic John Yakabuski said the Liberal government needs to conduct its own economic impact study of the new bill.
“It'll be a tragedy if all of these 185,000 people are put out of work,” Yakabuski said in a statement. “A higher minimum wage doesn't help if Ontarians don't have a job to wake up to in the morning.”
sjeffords@postmedia.com
Small businesses will be hit hard: CFIB
ANTONELLA ARTUSO
An economic analysis of proposed labour law changes including a $15-an-hour minimum wage confirms that small businesses are going to get hit hard, the Canadian Federation of Independent Business (CFIB) says.
Julie Kwiecinski, the CFIB's director of provincial affairs in Ontario, said its own member survey shows that one-third are considering shutting down or moving in response to the mandatory wage hikes beginning with a $14-an-hour minimum on Jan. 1.
“Unfortunately, we have felt and seen the government do their eye rolls at us... not believing what we were saying in our survey,” Kwiecinski said Monday. “They're scared, they're worried that this is actually going to start taking effect on Jan. 1.”
A report prepared by the Canadian Centre for Economic Analysis (CANCEA), on behalf of the Ontario Chamber of Commerce and the Keep Ontario Working Coalition, says small businesses are five times more likely to be impacted by the new provincial labour legislation than large companies.
The government bill goes before a committee next week when MPPs will have the chance to introduce amendments, she said.
“If people think it's bad now, it could get worse in terms of the cost to business and jobs when the whole process is said and done,” Kwiecinski said.
The Ontario Federation of Labour (OFL) issued a statement Monday dismissing the findings of the CANCEA analysis as “inaccurate, incomplete and just not responsible.”
The “corporate lobby” analysis fails to consider economic benefits to raising the minimum wage such as higher consumer spending and reduced demand on social services, the OFL statement says.
Peer-reviewed economic research has found that contrary to the report's claim that 185,000 jobs are at risk, increases in minimum wage have “very small, if any impacts” on employment levels, the statement says.
CANCEA said in its report that it is independent and does not accept any research funding that requires a pre-determined result or policy stance.
A federal judge has ordered Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach “to turn over a proposed change to federal voting rights laws that he took to a meeting with President Trump,” the AP reports.
“After privately examining the documents, U.S. Magistrate James O'Hara ruled Monday that parts of documents from Kobach are ‘unquestionably relevant' to a lawsuit challenging a state law requiring voters provide proof of their U.S. citizenship when registering.”
Photo: Scott Kirkland / PictureGroup / Sipa / USA Today
By Scott T. Sterling
Keith Urban and Nicole Kidman are set to continue their annual Christmas tradition of spending the holidays Down Under.
Related: Keith Urban Ballad is the Most Played Song at Waffle House
“We go back to Australia,” Kidman told Us Weekly. “My mother and my husband's mother both live in Australia so we go back home. My sister, and [I], we have a big summer Christmas, which I know sounds bizarre to Americans. We want to be on the beach for Christmas, no snow. We love the ocean and shrimp!”
Not exactly turkey, stuffing and snowball fights, but that sounds like a Christmas it would be easy to get used to celebrating.
Roger Proudfoot, chairman of Peterborough Green Party
At a meeting of full council in January, I presented a petition of over 500 signatures on behalf of residents of Werrington, not in my capacity as chair of Peterborough Green Party, but as one of the hundreds of concerned residents who is worried that our residential streets are unsafe. The petition called for the introduction of 20 mile per hour speed limits on those roads in Werrington that are heavily used by older people and children.
20mph sign
The petition came about after a high number of residents reported near misses involving people and property, pet fatalities and injuries on residential roads in Werrington. Older residents fear for their lives when they try to cross the roads and parents constantly worry about their children walking to school.
People also complain of noise pollution and broken sleep when they are woken in the night by cars being driven at excessive speeds.
The village area of Werrington includes local businesses, community centres, churches, playgroups, schools, a chemist, a post office, a health centre, a garage, three pubs, two takeaways and a tearoom. A bustling, vibrant area, it attracts a high number of pedestrians and a large volume of traffic. And it's worth noting that in South Werrington, more than 37% of residents are aged over 60.
The Department for Transport encourages traffic authorities to keep speed limits under review with changing circumstances. Circumstances in many areas of Peterborough have changed in recent years, with more congestion and faster cars. In fact, motor vehicles have been allowed to dominate, a fact which flies in the face of Peterborough's ambition to be a city that puts the safety of pedestrians and cyclists first.
In response to the Werrington residents' petition, Councillor Hiller put forward the following motion: “I propose that council refers the petition with a recommendation to establish a cross-party working group to explore the options for introducing a 20 mph speed limit on the roads indicated, to review the evidenced pros and cons, the cost implications and the likely impact to this authority and its budget and to make suggestions on any precise areas or not and report back to cabinet with those recommendations.”
The proposal was seconded by Councillor Walsh and was carried, with 52 votes in favour, one against and no abstentions.
The menace of speeding is not unique to Werrington or Glinton or Bretton or any other area of Peterborough where 20mph has been or is being considered. It is time to put a stop to speeding near every Peterborough home and school.
Speeding endangers older people and children alike.
This is why Peterborough Green Party supports the call for 20mph speed limits on Peterborough's residential streets.
Share 0
It's no secret that the Bucs second round kicker has struggled this season. It's also no secret that there's been plenty of criticism for bringing him in where they did in the first place.
After starting the year off just 4-for-8, Aguayo went 17-for-20 including knocking in all 12 of his kicks in the previous three games going into Week 17's season finale against the Panthers. In that game, however, Aguayo was once again unreliable from beyond 40 yards. He connected on a 33-yard field goal early on, but later in the game missed from 46 yards and had a 48-yard field goal blocked in the fourth quarter which would have taken the lead.
The topic of Aguayo's success – more importantly, his worth – has been something highly debated between Buccaneer fans. He left Florida State having connected on 96.73 percent of his kicks, which is the best conversion rate of any kicker in college football history. He didn't miss a kick inside the 40-line and was also perfect on extra points, not missing a single attempt in his collegiate career.
That's the guy Jason Licht thought he was drafting, a cold-blooded killer with his feet who could knock it in from almost anywhere at any time. But, so far, that's not what they have.
In his season-exiting press conference on Monday, Bucs head coach Dirk Koetter was finally honest with where his shaky second round kicker stands going into the offseason.
“As far as the investment in Roberto and where we picked him, we were all on board with that. That's not going to change. We're never going to bring that back. That happened and Roberto was our kicker, and like any other player, if he has that Buc jersey on and he's out there then I'm 100 percent in,” Koetter began.
“With that said, our field goal percentage of this year is not good enough. Now that's not the only stat that's good enough, but that wasn't good enough. Jason and I have already talked, and I think it's all ready proven, that we have no problem moving on from a draft choice and playing somebody who wasn't drafted. Nothing is a given and if they're not the best player, then I can be pretty certain in saying they wont be out there.”
Koetter was very honest with both himself and the state of the team in his final press conference – as he should be; the best coaches are. And Koetter isn't saying this is the end of Roberto Aguayo in Tampa Bay quite yet, but if Licht and Koetter are true to what they say, and will make the decisions and moves necessary when they see them, the allotted time for Aguayo to shape up might not be much longer.
Every second Saturday of the month a group of volunteers at First United Methodist Church in Altus prepares a meal for anyone who shows up.
The leader is Lt. James Tolson, a full-time firefighter at Altus Air Force Base. Tolson and his wife Sherri have been helping at the Love Feast for nearly 10 years now. After helping for a while wherever they could, they became the leaders for the event. Five years later and one or both of them will be there every month.
When Tolson first started volunteering at the Love Feast in 2007, he was apprehensive and said “his wife dragged him.” Now, he hates missing it. Each month he goes back with other regular volunteers such as Randy and Mary Strom, Dr. Julia Rivera, Jade Lane, Mary Huber, Phyllis Winsett and Renee Howard.
Winsett and Howard provide cakes for the event each month. Many airmen and other firefighters from the the base fire station also volunteer as often they can. Tolson's wife Sherri, mother Carolyn and his in-laws, help as well. On Feb. 11, Chris showed Airmen Zach Ballengee and Jesse Pearson how to make firemen's casserole for that day's meal.
It started as a community service project for the church's confirmation class. The first meal the church group served was spaghetti, a meal the church repeats every August. What started off as a one weekend event soon turned into every weekend, hosted by other churches in the Altus area, including First Baptist Church, Primera Iglesia Bautista, Church of Christ on Elm and Hudson and Glad Tidings Assembly of God.
Providing nearly 200 meals at First United Methodist Church alone, the volunteers of Love Feast serve a homemade meal to anyone who walks through the doors.
“It's a no thanks type job, but it's not for the recognition,” Tolson said. “It's for the community.”
Each month, the church members try to serve a different meal, keeping with traditional meals in November and December. These are the busiest months, serving more than 300 meals. Not really knowing what the other churches serve previous or following weeks, the church members try to mix it up when it's their turn.
The cooking is one of the reasons Tolson goes back. His favorite meal was when they made pizza — complete with homemade dough — giving him a chance to live the dream of working in a pizza parlor for a day. All the food and time for the event is donated. Tolson also said he doesn't have a budget. They work with whatever they have available that month. Many of those who have eaten a meal before come back to volunteer later. Among the volunteers are airmen and firefighters from Altus Air Force Base, college students needing community service hours, volunteers, church groups and people looking to lend a hand.
“I'll never turn help away,” Tolson said. “If you're willing to work, we'll find something for you to do. We always need volunteers.”
Tolson said it's not a soup kitchen, but people coming together as a community for a meal.
“It shows that there are people out there that actually care and are still willing to give their time,” Tolson said regarding the impact he believes Love Feast has on Altus.
The meal is provided from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. every second Saturday at First Methodist Church, 317 N. Main St. in Altus.
For more information, call the church office at 580-482-0795 or Tolson at 580-471-3620.
By Kathryn Kirkpatrick kkirkpatrick@civitasmedia.com
Reach Kate Kirkpatrick at 580-482-1221, ext. 2083
Reach Kate Kirkpatrick at 580-482-1221, ext. 2083
The pilot, Richard Vance, wasn't wearing a harness —only lap and shoulder belts —and escaped from the rapidly sinking Liberty Helicopter Airbus AS350 with only minor injuries, the National Transportation Safety Board said Monday.
The five people who drowned in the March 11 crash were wearing harnesses that had not been approved by the Federal Aviation Administration. Safety belts attached behind them during the open-door flight.
NEW YORK—The pilot of the helicopter on a deadly sightseeing flight that crashed into the East River was wearing less-restrictive safety gear than his passengers, federal investigators found.
Robb said the victims drowned 5 to 8 feet below the surface in 4 C degree water.
“It was a death trap,” said lawyer Gary C. Robb of Kansas City. “They were momentarily shocked by the landing, upside down in frigid water, harnessed in the back, looking for a knife, because they were harnessed in the back. You would have to be Houdini to get out.”
“Unless you have had extensive training in getting out that kind of harnesses, it is virtually impossible,” he said.
Robb represents the family of Dallas native Trevor Cadigan, 26, who drowned in the crash.
Investigators said the helicopter was 11 minutes into the 30-minute evening flight when it lost power and dropped from the sky.
The helicopter rolled over and sank in seconds, even though it was equipped with floats, which may have malfunctioned. Investigators are still examining the float system.
The harnesses, attached to a lanyard to prevent passengers from falling out of the helicopter, were installed by FlyNYON, the company that sold the tour. The harness system had never been evaluated by the FAA, the NTSB said.
Had the flight ended normally, FlyNYON staff would have released a locking carabiner to free the passengers.
“Despite being given a briefing on how to remove these additional harnesses using a provided cutting tool, none of the passengers were able to escape after the helicopter rolled over into the water,” the NTSB said.
The safety equipment should have had a single point release mechanism, but the one on the flight did not, investigators said.
Investigators noted that after a 2008 crash, three survivors said their difficulty in understanding how to get out of the restraint slowed their attempts to get out of the aircraft.
The NTSB urged the FAA to order helicopter companies to ban open door flights unless they are equipped with quick release safety harnesses.
“While we applaud the FAA's intention to move forward on banning these types of doors-off flights, the FAA has not outlined how or when they plan to take action,” said NTSB Chairman Robert Sumwalt. “And definitive action needs to be taken.”
On Friday, the FAA ordered operators and pilots across the country to replace overly restrictive restraints, and banned open door flights that involve restraints that can't be released quickly.
The FAA will also examine its rules to see if any changes are necessary.
“We have taken action to suspend these ‘doors-off' flights, and will review rules to ensure proper application among operators of these types of flights,” an agency official said.
Sightseers take open-door flights because they can take better pictures of the city skyline. The FlyNYON website contains pictures of sightseers with their feet hanging out of the aircraft hundreds of feet in the air.
A FlyNYON official did not return a call, nor has Liberty commented.
The Chargers are not just hot right now, they may be playing the best football in the entire NFL.
Los Angeles' 354 total net yards of offense in the first half is the most in franchise history in a first half since at least 1991, and the most in any half
since 2010. They have also posted four straight games of more than 400 yards of offense which is the franchise's best streak since Weeks 4-7 of 2015.
The Bolts feature one of the best running backs in the game in Melvin Gordon, the best pass-rushing duo in the league in outside linebacker Melvin Ingram and defensive end Joey Bosa and are getting outstanding efforts from rookies and veterans alike on the defensive side of the ball.
Rookie cornerback Desmond King notched his fourth sack of the season Sunday in their 30-13 drubbing of the Redskins at the StubHub Center, which ties the former Iowa product for the second-most sacks by a defensive back in franchise history.
Below are some of the best Twitter reactions for L.A.'s annihilation of Washington Week 14.
Wouldn't want to play the Chargers right now…they're having fun and they have the talent….watch out — Eddie Royal (@EddieRoyalWR) December 10, 2017
Chargers, so hot right now, Chargers. pic.twitter.com/saoMb4h7Dv Sign up Like this article? Sign up for the Chargers Wire email newsletter to get our top stories in your inbox every morning Success Thanks for signing up.
You'll be waking up a little more awesome tomorrow. Whoa! Something went wrong. Try again? — FOX Sports: NFL (@NFLonFOX) December 11, 2017
The Chargers could beat any team in football now. I can't believe I wrote that sentence. — mike freeman (@mikefreemanNFL) December 10, 2017
The Chargers gained 354 yards in the 1st half. That's more yardage than the Giants, Raiders, Texans, Packers, Browns, Bengals, Panthers, Colts, Bills, Saints and Falcons gained in their entire games this week. — Greg Beacham (@gregbeacham) December 10, 2017
The L.A. #Chargers are the only team in the NFL who hasn't allowed a WR go to over 100 Yards. — Dylan (@DylansFreshTake) December 10, 2017
I would like to thank every team who passed on CB Desmond King in the draft. Glad he's in a Chargers uniform — ⚡️#LACvsKC (7-6)⚡️ (@ChargersLegion) December 10, 2017
The Chargers are no fun to play right now. — Colin Cowherd (@ColinCowherd) December 10, 2017
chargers the scariest team in the nfl when healthy. do not @ me — Jaden Dir (@jdir23) December 11, 2017
#Chargers rookie DB Desmond King now has 4 sacks … which is more than Ndamukong Suh. — Derek Togerson (@DerekNBCSD) December 10, 2017
Since then he has been criticized for ducking tough opponents in favour of easier competition like in his last bout, a third-round stoppage of Poland's Andrzej Fonfara in Montreal in June. He was once famously called Adonis "Chickenson" by former three-belt champion Sergey (Krusher) Kovalev in a bid to goad him into a showdown.
Stevenson insists that it is his manager who picks his opponents and that he is willing to take on anyone, anywhere.
But he has also managed to avoid making mandatory defences against the WBC's top-ranked contender, which are supposed to happen once a year. Stevenson's last mandatory was against Tony Bellew in 2013.
Since 2015, his mandatory challenger was Eleider Alvarez, a Colombian based in Montreal who is also promoted by Michel. Alvarez repeatedly agreed to step aside so the champion could face other opponents, but threatened to put his foot down when the Jack fight was announced, saying he has waited long enough for a chance to win a world title and the big money that goes with it.
That problem was solved last week when 34-year-old Alvarez (23-0) surrendered his WBC status in order to take on Kovalev (32-2-1) this summer. The Russian now holds only the World Boxing Organization belt.
Meanwhile, Michel has been under pressure dealing with the Stevenson clan. When he announced the January the fight would be in Montreal, Stevenson called it "fake news" on Twitter. The two sides looked to be in a standoff.
This week, a compromise deal was struck — the bout is to be in Toronto, but with the same undercard fighters from Michel's stable including talented light middleweight Mikael Zewski (30-1) of Trois-Rivieres, Que.
Maple Leaf Sports and Entertainment and Toronto promoter Lee Baxter are also involved in staging the fight card.
"It is the first title fight that the venue will host," MLSE senior vice-president Wayne Zronik said in a statement. "We've worked with this group before to bring world-class boxing to the city and are excited about the return of championship boxing to Toronto."
By Bill Beacon, The Canadian Press
Now Playing Here Are Three Shows We're Excited to See This Fall
The busiest man in TV is adding another show to his plate.
Greg Berlanti -- who currently has 10 shows on the air including the CW DC superhero universe -- is stepping into the political fray with a new pilot going into development at NBC. He's teaming up with his Blindspot executive producer Martin Gero again for a drama, Republic, centering on a "newly minted" female chief of staff to a moderately Republican president in the midst of an administration crisis, according to The Hollywood Reporter.
The Everwood Reunion Panel Made Everyone Cries
Blindspot scribe Alex Berger will also write the pilot and executive produce with Berlanti, Gero and Berlanti productions executive Sarah Schecter.
NBC's offered Berlanti a put-pilot agreement for the show, which means they'll pay up big time if the network decides not to pick it up. With Republic on the slate, Berlanti will become the first person to executive produce 11 shows running on the air. The super producer and Greo also have Deception -- a crime procedural about an illusionist who teams up with a police force -- airing on ABC at mid-season.
ISLAMABAD : The Apex Court on Wednesday summoned Inspectors General (IGs) of all four provinces on July 6 (Friday) in a case pertaining to the illegal occupation of official residences.
Chief Justice of Pakistan Justice Mian Saqib Nisar while hearing a case regarding illegally occupation of official residences by police officials also summoned a record of ongoing cases in lower courts and stay orders issued on the residences in question.
During the hearing, the additional attorney general claimed that the provincial IGs are not cooperating.“In Islamabad alone, 200 official residences have been illegally occupied by police officials,” the additional attorney general said.
“We apprised the IG Islamabad but he is not cooperating with us,” he lamented adding that the situation is similar in Karachi.
To this, the chief justice questioned as to why the IGs are not cooperating.
Justice Nisar then said, “Ask the IGs to appear in court whether via helicopter or plane.”
However, the additional attorney general said it was not possible for the IGs to appear immediately and asked for the hearing of the case to be adjourned till Friday.
Adjourning the hearing of the case till July 6, Justice Nisar ordered that all four IGs appear for the hearing and files be presented of illegally occupied residences on which stay orders were given.
Share on: WhatsApp
DCC
RUSSELL–The next exhibition at the Deines Cultural Center opens January 13, 2017.
Barbara Stevens of Downs, Kansas, will show a collection of mixed media and ceramics pieces relating to her spiritual journey as an artist and a Christian.
Stevens was born and raised in central Kansas. She earned a Bachelor's of Art from Fort Hays State University in 1971. She went on to teach art to students from 4 years of age to 84 years. She received her MLS from FHSU in 2005 in Graphic Design. Stevens ended her teaching career by being head of the art department at Cloud County Community College in Concordia, for thirteen years. She retired from that position in May, 2013, and now enjoy the luxury of time to spend on her art, with family and friends, swimming, kayaking and traveling.
Stevens says about her art :
“In March, 2012, I started experimenting with a new style of mixed media using watercolor, acrylics, colored pencil, ink, pastels, handmade stamps, & stamp ink pads and mostly an attitude of PLAY. I had never felt this level of excitement and joy in creating my 2D work before. I tried to capture that inner child who used to play at creating with no fear of “right or wrong”. I simply played with the possibilities and let the pure joy fill my heart and spirit, and hopefully yours too!
My husband and I are very interested in Native American history, and in visiting many museums I have become fascinated with the beauty of the simple forms and the incredible craftsmanship of these ancient pots. This, along with being raised on a Kansas farm in the fifties, when life was simple and centered around the church and God's good earth, my forms have always taken on an earthy quality with the forms progressing over the years to the simple primitive forms I am making today.”
The opening reception for Barbara Stevens' solo exhibition will be held on Friday, January 13, from 5-7 p.m. Her work will remain on display through February 18th. Admission is free and everyone is welcome. The Deines Cultural Center is located at 820 N. Main Street in Russell.
Call (785) 483-3742 for information.
There are a few ways you may have become familiar with Cristela Alonzo. Maybe you loved her spunky character Cruz Ramirez in Cars 3, or you remember her 2014 ABC sitcom, Cristela, a comedy loosely based on her own family that Alonzo created, wrote, and starred in. Described as "the little show that could," Cristela opened to warm reviews — but was cancelled after a single season.
And to this day, "The industry doesn't acknowledge that I did my show," Alonzo tells Latina to Latina host Alicia Menendez in the podcast's third episode.
She also shares with Menendez some of the racially charged moments that shocked her during production — like when Alonzo was presented with one of the first Cristela promotional posters. "It was me wearing a quinceañera crown," she remembers wryly. "Each little point in the quinceañera crown had the letter of my name, and it said 'Cristela'."
After the brutal disappointment that was the end of Cristela, Alonzo accepted the role of Cruz Ramirez, a plucky character who defeats the odds to win the big race in Cars 3. As with the character of Cristela in Cristela, Cruz was partially based on Alonzo herself. Pixar rewrote the character again and again to better reflect Alonzo's experience, Alonzo explains to Menendez. Eventually, "They had me read it, and I bawled while I read it. I think that's the take we used," she says. "I couldn't believe it."
Pixar rewrote the character of Cruz after meeting Alonzo because Pixar wanted her character to come out on top. And every fan of the show Cristela (and there are many) wants her to win, too. Alonzo explains to Alicia what it means to her to believe she is capable of winning — given that she grew up with her beloved family telling her that dreams like hers "were for people with money."
Latina to Latina is a new Bustle podcast where Alicia Menendez talks to remarkable Latinas about making it, faking it, and everything in between. Starting April 10, every Tuesday there will be a new episode of Latina to Latina that will center on the challenges of existing, and then thriving, as women of color.
Subscribe on iTunes, share with your friends, and please reach out — we want to know what you love about Latina to Latina, who you'd like to hear from next, and how you feel about the issues we've covered. You can email us at latinatolatina@bustle.com.
You can read the full transcript of the episode here.
Britain's Got Talent is is one of the biggest shows on telly. But while it has plenty of diehard fans — it's so popular the Guinness Book of Records reports that it's spawned different versions in 58 different countries around the world, from Australia to South Korea — who knew a very famous Hollywood actor was a devotee of the UK's very own series? Yep, it turns out Russell Crowe was at the Britain's Got Talent live semi-final on Tuesday night, sitting in the audience like a regular joe.
At first it was the actor's very presence that had social media abuzz with questions. Is it really him? Why would he be in the audience? Is Crowe a life-long BGT fan? If so, what did he make of Dec without Ant? Was he going to storm the stage and perform an impromptu rendition of a Les Mis song? And so on, you get the picture.
But then, attention quickly turned to Crowe's rather rugged new look, complete with new longer hair and a bushy grey-white beard. He looked so different some social media users refused to believe it was him and instead mistook the actor for Shameless star Ricky Tomlinson. And, you know what? I can kind of see it — although I'm not sure that's quite the vibe he was going for. Anyhow, while Crowe clearly looked different, what wasn't clear was why he was sitting in the audience of Britain's Got Talent in the first place. Was the man lost?
Nope. The truth is actually pretty straightforward and will probably surprise you. There are no secret performances in the works, no potential guest-judging stints, no Les Mis crossovers, nope. Crowe is genuinely just a fan of the show. And it would appear that the feeling is mutual. In fact, on this evening's episode, one of the Golden Buzzer acts Gruffydd Wyn will even be performing Andrea Bocelli's Italian classic Nelle Tue Mani aka the theme tune to Crowe's blockbuster Gladiator.
An ITV source exclusively tells Bustle UK: "Russell is a fan of BGT as much as the show is of him, as Gruffydd Wyn is performing a song from the film Gladiator tonight." Does this mean the actor will be making another surprise appearance in the audience tonight? Fans will just have to wait and see.
Crowe attended the semi-final with his Les Mis co-star Samantha Barks and comedian Jimmy Carr. The famous trio posed for a photo with judge David Walliams after the show, which he later shared on social media.
While he might be the most high-profile fan of the show, Crowe has got some competition when it comes to celebrity guest performers. The likes of Ed Sheeran and Little Mix have all graced the stage in previous years, and the Radio Times reports that this week we'll see Rita Ora and the entire cast of Magic Mike perform (albeit the musical version rather than the film, which is a shame as I'd have paid good money to see Channing Tatum bust a move to Donchez Dacres' Wiggle and Wine).
Gladiator actor Crowe's unexpected appearance in the audience wasn't the only talking point in Tuesday's instalment of the talent show. Proceedings took a turn for the dramatic when one of the acts was interrupted by a stage invader, who ran over to the judging panel and attempted to press their red buzzers, which would have ended the performance early.
Unsurprisingly, given the unpredictable nature of the BGT live shows, some of the judges thought the stage invader was all part of Magus Utopia's (who was performing at the time) act. However, as the man in question was dealt with by security, it became clear the incident was unplanned.
The team did manage to see the funny side though, with presenter Dec Donnelly joking: "Apologies for our unwanted guest, some people just want to touch our buzzers," and Simon Cowell commenting: "This is one of those nights."
Britain's Got Talent is on ITV tonight at 7.30pm.
ST JOHNS CO., Fla - A St. Augustine woman with an unfortunate name is facing what is at least her 15th arrest on drug charges.
Crystal Methvin is currently in the St. Johns County jail on drug possession charges.
According to online records, she's faced drug charges at least 14 other times. Her arrest record dates back to at least 1998.
Crystal Metvin record by 10News WTSP on Scribd
Copyright (c) 2018 CBS All Rights Reserved
Many people in Pakistan suffer from organ failure which results in lifelong pain and medical treatment. Anyone who visits the hospital would find many children also suffering from kidney, heart, liver etc issues. Their suffering can only be ended with organ transplant. It was reported that around 8000 criminals are waiting on death row. If these convicts are convinced to donate their organs on their death to help them reduce their sins, then their organs can help reduce the sufferings of many Pakistanis.
But to achieve that the Government should have in place an effective organ harvesting and transport system. In developed nations a surgeon with specialized equipment harvests the organ. And transports it in a helicopter to the hospital where it is transplanted to the patient. The benefits of such a program for the patients and the convicts is very high and therefore convicts should be given an opportunity to become organ donors in Pakistan.
SHAHRYAR KHAN BASEER
Peshawar
Related
A Yorkshire college group has moved to allay fears that one of its sites will close following speculation over its future.
Last week a source linked to Harrogate College said its principal Debra Forsythe-Conroy had been removed from her post.
The source also raised concerns that the college was to be sold off from Hull College Group due to financial difficulties and said staff were worried about their future as no other college had show interest in a take-over bid.
However, in a letter to stakeholders the college group strongly denied the claims.
It said: “The source claim that Debra was removed from her post was inaccurate and she is still very much a part of the group and will be until her official leaving date of March 31.
“In any organisation, during the run up to retirement, there are many aspects of certain positions that need to be handed over to ensure a smooth transition. The recruitment process for a position of this level can be a long one and has already begun, and the current senior leadership team are overseeing the management of the college to ensure the student experience remains strong.”
The letter goes on to say that the claims have stood the risk of overshadowing the group's celebration of Ms Forsythe-Conroy's career and an official event honouring the principal would be held next month.
It continues: “The source claimed that the college is to be sold off, with no current interested party, again, this is not the case. The corporation have considered that Harrogate disaggregate from the group in the future. As we have fully communicated to all staff in the group, disaggregation is very different to being sold. Harrogate College will remain with the group through Fresh Start (a recovery plan) and will then separate from the group, providing terms and conditions are fully met. We are not in a position to receive offers from any other parties at this stage.”
The group concluded that any future proposed merger of Harrogate College and another partner organisation would be beneficial to learners and enable course provision in Harrogate to “increase and respond to economic opportunities” in North Yorkshire.
Moscow on Friday faced more than 130 fake bomb calls that prompted the evacuation of shopping malls, schools, railway stations and office buildings. About 100,000 people had to leave.
It was the most massive flurry of fake bomb threats since a wave of bomb hoaxes began in early September. The fake bomb threats have affected dozens of Russian cities and incurred massive economic damages.
Among those targeted by the bomb calls Friday were all four Moscow airports, five railway stations, 15 shopping malls, several hotels, more than 20 schools and many other venues, the state Tass news agency said. No explosives have been found in the anonymous calls.
Flights to and from Moscow weren't affected, as security agents at the airports checked for explosives without holding evacuations.
The bomb calls continued until the evening, when the Luzhniki sports arena and office buildings in the Moscow City district were evacuated — including the Moscow city hall legislature and the government's analytical centre.
Alexander Bortnikov, the director of the Federal Security Service (FSB), the main KGB successor, said Thursday the agency had tracked down four people suspected of engineering the wave of hoaxes.
Bortnikov said the suspects were Russians living abroad who had accomplices inside the country, but he wouldn't identify them or describe their motives. He added that the perpetrators were using internet connections to make the calls, making them hard to identify.
Russian media have speculated that the fake calls might have been launched from neighbouring Ukraine — which has been angered by Moscow's 2014 annexation of Crimea and it supports for pro-Russia separatist rebels in eastern Ukraine — or staged by other Kremlin foes. There has been no evidence to back any of the theories, however.
The Associated Press
Keith Gerard “Skeeter” Fieler, 57, Schoenchen, died Thursday, August 10, 2017 at HaysMed.
He was born April 3, 1960 in Batesville, Indiana, the son of Jim and Jean (Lamping) Fieler. On September 22, 1984 he married Carol Ann Karlin in Victoria, Kansas. He was a devoted husband, father of three girls and grandfather of five girls. Keith most recently worked for Citation Oil and Gas. Along with helping during harvest, he also worked various side jobs in the Hays area for several people and businesses. He always put others first, never hesitating to help family, friends, or a stranger in need. He enjoyed hunting, fishing, and spending time with his family. He was a member of St. Anthony Catholic Church in Schoenchen.
Survivors include his wife; Carol of the home, his parents; Jim and Jean Fieler of Hays, daughter; Jade Herl and husband Justin and their children Alyson, Graycee, and Brynn of Victoria, daughter; Chelsea Mauler and husband Trent and their children Halle and Remi of Great Bend, daughter; Heidi Fieler and significant other Cade Gerhard of Hays, brother; Kevin Fieler and wife Kay of Shawnee, sister; Amy Luebbers and husband Jeff of Hays, sister; Dawn Keil and husband Steve of Hays, brother-in-law; Brian Karlin and wife Gale of Hays, sister-in-law Kathy Boggs and husband Steve of Schoenchen, sister-in-law; Brenda Thomas and husband Brett of Houston, TX, brother-in-law Tom Karlin and wife Robyn of Bel Air, MD, twelve nieces, nine nephews, six great nieces, and one great nephew.
He was preceded in death by his sister; Lisa Fieler, mother and father-in-law; Thelma and Gene Karlin, brother-in-law; Alan Karlin, and great nephew; Bentley Scoby.
Mass of Christian burial will be at 10:00 am on Tuesday, August 15, 2017 at St. Anthony Catholic Church, Schoenchen with Fr. Earl Befort officiating. Burial will be in the St. Anthony Cemetery. Visitation will be from 4:00 pm until 8:00 on Monday and from 8:30 am until 9:30 on Tuesday all at Hays Memorial Chapel Funeral Home, 1906 Pine Street. A rosary will be at 6:30 pm followed by a parish vigil at 7:00 pm both on Monday at the funeral home.
Memorials are suggested in Keith's memory to numerous charities of the family's choosing, in care of the funeral home. Condolences may be left for the family at www.haysmemorial.com
KNOXVILLE, Tenn. — Tennessee's second consecutive NCAA Tournament second-round exit underscores how far the Lady Vols have fallen and how much progress they must make to reclaim their status as a national power.
The Lady Vols failed to reach the regional semifinals just once in the first 35 years of the NCAA Tournament, which started in 1982. Now they've fallen short of that benchmark two straight years.
Tennessee's latest exit came Sunday when the Lady Vols squandered an early 10-point lead and fell 66-59 to Oregon State , the first time they'd lost an NCAA Tournament home game after 57 consecutive victories.
"We didn't win today, so I guess the critics can say they were right," Tennessee coach Holly Warlick said after the game. "You can't take away what these kids have done throughout the year with a target on their back. They had to battle critics and everything all year long. I'll take them. I don't care if we lost. I'll take them to battle anytime."
It's a troubling trend for Tennessee, which likely will face more criticism in the wake of its latest second-half fade. After winning its first 15 games, Tennessee went just 10-8.
In the first three seasons of Warlick's coaching tenure, the Lady Vols won 81.1 per cent of their games (86-20) and reached two regional finals with one Sweet 16 loss. Those tournament runs were similar to Tennessee's results in its last four years under Pat Summitt, who led the Lady Vols to eight national titles before stepping down in 2012.
But over the last three years, Tennessee has a .664 winning percentage (67-34) with one regional final appearance and two second-round losses. That would be fine at plenty of programs, but Tennessee fans remember watching the Lady Vols annually contend for titles in Summitt's heyday.
"You come here wanting to win championships, and the expectations are extremely high," said Warlick, who has one year remaining on her contract. "Sometimes the things thrown at these kids are unfair. They come wanting to learn and get better and just play the game. They get criticized quite a bit. These kids are tough and they're resilient. I'm tough and I'm resilient, but right now I'm hurting."
But Warlick knows the Lady Vols need to "figure out how this team is going to get better."
Tennessee faces a challenge trying to get better after losing Mercedes Russell and Jaime Nared, who were the Lady Vols' two top scorers as seniors this season. Russell produced her 46th career double-double Sunday to pass Candace Parker's career total and move into second place in school history, behind only Chamique Holdsclaw.
CLEVELAND — Collin Sexton badly wanted to play with LeBron James. His first season will be much different than he hoped.
Sexton signed his rookie contract on Wednesday with the Cleveland Cavaliers, who are taking their first steps since James announced he's leaving to sign a four-year, $154 million contract with the Los Angeles Lakers.
When the Cavs drafted Sexton with the No. 8 pick last month, the Alabama guard instantly pleaded with James to re-sign with the Cavs.
"LeBron, let's do it," Sexton said in a TV interview moments after he was picked. "I've seen you needed a few extra pieces this past season, and let's do it. Let's go back to the Finals."
For now, Sexton will have to settle for a four-year contract that could be worth $20.2 million over its length. Per NBA rules, Sexton can make a maximum of $4.1 million next season. The value is based on where he was selected. His contract is guaranteed for two years, with the Cavs holding options for the last two years.
Cleveland made the announcement on Wednesday, a holiday treat for the team's fans still grappling with their emotions after James left for the second time in eight years. On Tuesday, the giant billboard of James that become a downtown landmark, and to some a symbol of the city's rebirth, was removed.
The team is hoping Sexton can help them recover from losing James, who led the Cavs to four straight NBA Finals and a championship in 2016. Sexton averaged 19.2 points as a freshman and played his best in big games, leading the Crimson Tide to its first NCAA Tournament appearance since 2012.
Now that he's under contract, the 19-year-old can't be traded for 30 days. However, the Cavs are likely to hang on to Sexton after they spent all last season in need of a point guard after trading All-Star Kyrie Irving last summer to Boston.
Sexton will wear No. 2, Irving's jersey number with Cleveland.
Sexton is on Cleveland's summer league roster and is expected to play in games in Las Vegas later this week.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A family has slammed a "chaotic"care home where their 98-year-old gran "wasted away' and died weighing the same as a small child.
Winifred Burns died of chronic constipation at a nursing home where residents "were treated like numbers without dignity and respect", an inquest heard.
At the time of her death Mrs Burns weighed just 31kg which is about the same as a nine-year-old girl.
Her weight had dropped from 38kg within a matter of weeks.
She was left to die alone in her room and in pain in February 2015 at a home where she had been transferred three months before, a coroner heard.
(Image: SWNS.com)
Winifred's care home had been failed by inspectors and was under investigation by care officials.
The coroner acknowledged that Ponsandane nursing home in Penzance, Cornwall, had been "chaotic" at the time.
But in her ruling at the hearing in Truro she said there was no "intentional" neglect.
Speaking after the inquest daughter Debbie Jackson and Winifred's granddaughter
Hayley Brown, said she had simply "faded away" after being moved to the home.
Mrs Jackson said she found it difficult to understand that her mother received the full adequate care she was entitled to when she had wasted away within weeks.
She said: "Mum had such a twinkle in her eyes. She was terrified of being alone, which is why she absolutely loved being with people.
"She should have been looked after much better.
(Image: SWNS.com)
"She was 98 and was not going to live forever. But she should not have died alone and probably in pain like she did."
The inquest heard Mrs Burns suffered chronic constipation, which may have built up over weeks leading to her death, but remained undetected and acted upon.
Recording a natural causes conclusion, coroner Emma Carlyon said she was satisfied that neglect was not a contributing factor in Mrs Burns' death.
But it was revealed that the nursing home had been under investigation over safeguarding issues for at least twelve months prior to Mrs Burns' death.
This was reinforced when the Care Quality Commission (CQC) inspected the home and failed it, recommending several urgent improvements to be made.
Julie Barton, the manager of the nursing home, who took over the role weeks after Mrs Burns' death in 2015, told the inquest that a "negative culture" existed among staff at the time.
She said: "There was a negative culture where staff treated residents like numbers and not like people with the dignity and respect they deserved.
"The staff who didn't meet our new work ethics were dismissed and those who stayed and were not part of that culture flourished.
"It has taken a lot of hard work but the home is now a happy place."
The coroner was told that the laxatives and special food supplements she was prescribed at St Mary's Haven stopped after her transfer to Ponsandane.
A pathologist said her constipation was so acute that it might have built up over days and weeks, leading to a large bowel infarction.
(Image: SWNS.com)
In turn it led to a twisting of her bowel, which then compromised her blood supply.
The inquest heard how her chronic constipation might not have been easy to identify because there was still some bowel movement.
The finding led to Dr Carlyon accepting that there was no intentional neglect involved in her death.
She said: "I didn't find that neglect was a contributing factor to her death and it is more probable than not that Mrs Burns died of natural causes.
"I was saddened to hear how chaotic things were at the nursing home at the time of her death.
"I am re-assured at how things have changed and how the culture has changed and it is now a happy place.
"I am reassured to hear that improvements have been made and continue to be made."
Jon Edgecumbe, the chief operating officer at Swallow Court group, which runs the care home, said: "Concerns raised after Mrs Burns' death were reviewed and acted upon. We worked with the CQC and Cornwall Council to make the required improvements.
"Since the safeguarding issues of 2015 we have worked to minimise the risks to residents. It was a chaotic time, the staff were good people struggling against the circumstances. Ponsandane is now a happy and warm home."
Staff Reporter
Islamabad
Pakistan Muslim League-N Senator Nehal Hashmi was admitted to Adiala Jail hospital on Friday, after he complained of chest pain.
Hashmi's health took a turn for the worse and jail officials said he complained of chest pain after which he was admitted to the jail hospital.
The Supreme Court on Thursday, rejecting the unconditional apology of the senator, sentenced him to one month jail time.
Meanwhile, the Election Commission of Pakistan on Friday de-notified Hashmi from the Senate. “In terms of Article 63(1)(g) of the Constitution of the Islamic Republic of Pakistan, 1973, the Election Commission of Pakistan hereby issues Notification of disqualification of Nehal Hashmi as Senator with effect from 1.02.2018”, reads the notification. The three-judge bench headed by Justice Asif Saeed Khosa announced the verdict in contempt of court case against Hashmi for delivering hate speech against judges.
Trembolex Ultra Current pills contain either the hormones estrogen and progesterone or just progesterone - both hormones can stimulate breast cancer cells. Trembolex Ultra It has long been assumed that birth control pills only slightly increase the risk of breast cancer in women, and about 20,000 additional women add about one additional cancer. The pills, which contain both substances, protect against ovarian tumors, but also increase the risk of breast cancer.
http://www.bluesupplement.com/trembolex-ultra/
Kalie Mendola led off the home seventh with a single, and scored on an overthrow with one out to give the Foran High softball team a 3-2 victory over Jonathan Law on Monday.
Coach Stephanie Dawid's Lions are now 3-3. Coach Melanie Blude's Lady Lawmen are 2-4.
Mendola had robbed Law pitcher Erin Harrigan of an extra-base hit with a great catch against the fence in right-center field in the second inning.
In the seventh, the junior centerfielder lined a single to left field. Caitlyn Parisi sacrificed her into scoring position for Hailey LaForte, who doubled to center field to plate the tying run.
Harrigan got Amanda Mendillo to ground out to the right side, but the return throw across the diamond to get LaForte at third was off target and she scored the game winner.
Foran's late rally ruined a fine performance by Law, which had 13 hits, but stranded 12 runners.
Madison Murphy singled home Cali Jolley to give Law the lead in the first inning.
Joli had three hits and handled seven chances at shortstop, including a run-saving play on Alexis James' grounder in the third inning.
Foran tied the game in the bottom of the second.
Alexa Mendillo slugged a one-out triple to center field and scored on a wild pitch.
Law took the lead at 2-1 in the fifth.
Cassidy Boath singled with one out and was safe at second on a misplayed fielder's choice grounder off the bat of Murphy. Gina Boccamazzo singled to center with two outs to score the go-ahead run.
Harrigan retired seven straight batters before Parisi singled with one out in the fifth.
LaForte had a base hit to center, but Harrigan set down the next two batters on a pop up to Boath at second and a scooped liner to Jolley at short.
Law put runners in scoring position in the sixth and seventh inning, but was denied the opportunity to add to its lead by Lion pitcher Makenna Prete.
Jolley and Erica Boehm had two-out singles in the sixth, but Prete got a groundball out to Amanda Mendillo at second base.
Boccamazzo singled with two out in the seventh and went to second on an infield error before Alexa Mendillo threw out the next batter from her third base position.
Cisco's Digital Network Architecture (DNA) promises to help companies in their digital transformation journey where new technologies can be used to accelerate business activities and processes to make them more competitive. It's also a big validation that network analytics is no longer a nice to have but a must-have.
Cisco DNA aims to provide a platform that companies can use as the foundation for digital transformation projects. The architecture's key tenants are virtualization, automation, analytics, a cloud-based service management layer, and open application programming interfaces (APIs). It's a system that's “designed for automation.” In other words, Cisco wants to make its products easier to deploy and manage. At the heart of that message is a move away from CLI. Sounds good so far.
We've seen this movie before
Part of Cisco's vision surrounding digital transformation is to make the network more responsive and agile. Its DNA and intent-based networking campaign is Cisco's most hyped initiative since Borderless Networks in 2011. Remember that?
First unveiled in March 2016, DNA was designed to help engineers, developers, and partners build and manage what Cisco calls "digital-ready networks."
These groups are now struggling to understand how the high-level marketing messages actually translate into a coherent solution that delivers the value and promise of Cisco's vision.
Enterprise networkers have become wise to these architectural lock-in strategies that force them down a path requiring everything be purchased from a single vendor to get all the benefits. This idea is quickly becoming heresy to an industry racing to more heterogeneous enterprise access infrastructure.
Let's be honest, when it comes to many of these new architecture initiatives, whether it's Cisco DNA or Borderless networks, the bottom line is still all about selling new Cisco hardware and services to customers. Why not? Cisco is a business like any other.
But while the vision of digital transformation is real, enterprises are now asking themselves how an untested set of products will come together to solve real challenges facing network staff today, such as managing the network performance of a widely diverse client device base that now includes a myriad of IoT devices all operating on an increasingly complex access infrastructure.
Just analyzing the data riding over these networks to quantify the behavior of clients, applications, network services or the WAN and their impact on user experience has become a massive challenge that enterprises need solved in a comprehensive fashion vs. boiling the ocean.
The all-encompassing vision
The vision of DNA is that it will eventually reduce operational expense and headaches by making the network easier to understand and manage. This translates into more automation, assurance, and security. Yet operationally, these are three different problems that different IT and network staff must solve. The analytics approaches required to do so are very different.
Perhaps more important, DNA is an industry-wide recognition that network heterogeneity and complexity is only increasing and that analytics is essential for making sense of all of this data flowing up and down the stack.
Filtering fact from fiction
Still in its infancy, DNA will be a very long journey with a lot of its promises not being realized for years, if at all.
Many parts of the DNA architecture are still far from market maturity. A case in point is Cisco's application policy infrastructure controller (APIC-EM) solution.
Introduced in 2014 to effectively automate CLI programming, APIC-EM was supposed to allow Cisco to deliver SDN-like functionality to enterprises with legacy infrastructure. APIC-EM has since been folded into DNA, but is still not considered a mature product.
DNA center remain on premise solutions today. This means Cisco DNA has an even longer road to travel to bring the benefits of born-in-the-cloud technologies to its customer base.
Another big area Cisco highlights with DNA are artificial intelligence (AI) and big data network analytics. Once you get past the window dressing, this is most definitely the place where DNA falls short. Here, the use cases Cisco has demonstrated here are far from present in their solution and lack substance. While analytics, AI and machine learning have great promise, Cisco is yet to bring any of these promises into reality. Two words: Cisco Prime.
What about location services? This is another often touted part of DNA. Cisco's offering in this area is virtually non-existent. And the often-mentioned CMX solution is far from primetime and effectively discontinued.
Conveniently, realizing a lot of the promised value of Cisco DNA requires customers to upgrade their infrastructure. Whether purchasing the new Catalyst 9K for SD-Access, a new wireless LAN controller in hopes of trialing any of the latest assurance features or migrating to SD-WAN using Cisco's recently acquired Viptela solution, hardware upgrades are required. Go figure.
Another big promise of Cisco DNA is making the infrastructure a platform with open APIs that will cultivate a community of innovation that benefits customers. But it's far from that.
For DNA to be more than a passing fad, Cisco will need to focus on its strengths in terms of building great physical and virtual network infrastructure, and build a thin-layer of APIs on top of that infrastructure that best of breed 3rd party partners and developers can use to focus on solving specific problems and use cases. This is the formula that other successful enterprise software platform successes such as Salesforce, Splunk and ServiceNow have used, and would seem like the right thing for Cisco as well.
Honesty is the best policy
Let's be honest, Cisco is a networking and infrastructure behemoth whose core strength building infrastructure hardware– whether it's for the data center, campus switching, wireless, security, WAN, service provider, unified communications or compute. That's how they became famous.
These very same strengths, are sure to be weaknesses that could stymie the realization of the customer value that DNA promises. These products were built for a specific purpose, in isolation of a grandiose vision.
Don't get me wrong. The Cisco DNA story is a good one. But it's a story. And you can't build an infrastructure with a story.
For big architectural visions, enterprises must ask: will all the components of Cisco DNA be best of breed? If history is any indication, then no. Given the importance of today's networks on today's business, good enough, well, just isn't.
This article is published as part of the IDG Contributor Network. Want to Join?
ISTANBUL—The Daesh group on Monday claimed responsibility for the New Year's attack at a popular Istanbul nightclub that killed 39 people, including one Canadian, and wounded scores of others.
The Daesh-linked Aamaq News Agency said the attack was carried by a “heroic soldier of the caliphate who attacked the most famous nightclub where Christians were celebrating their pagan feast.”
It said the man opened fire from an automatic rifle in “revenge for God's religion and in response to the orders” of Daesh leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.
The group described Turkey as “the servant of the cross.”
Earlier, Turkish media reports had said that Turkish authorities believed the Daesh group was behind the attack and that the gunman, who is still at large, comes from a Central Asian nation and is likely to be either from Uzbekistan or Kyrgyzstan.
Martin Tinkler of Nene Valley Harriers won a silver medal at the South of England Championships at Crystal Palace.
His fifth throw of 14.69m was enough to give him second spot behind Newham and Essex Beagles' Matthew Baptiste, who threw 15.72m.
The championship the best performance of 21.36m was set back in 1976 by Tinkler's coach Geoff Capes.
Jamie Horne of Peterborough AC just missed out on a medal when taking fourth place in the Under 20 high jump with 1.95m.
Two Peterborough Athletic Club hurdlers reached finals.
Jamelia Henson finished sixth in the Under 20 100m hurdles final in 15.95 and Megan Sims placed seventh in the Under 20 400m hurdles in 70.55.
Henson also finished sixth in the Under 20 triple jump with 10.63m.
Other local results
Senior Men's 5,000m: 15 Stuart Haw (Peterborough AC) 16.02.64.
n Nene Valley's Ben Stephens and Becki Hall were both bronze medallists at the North of England Championships in Manchester.
Stephens was third in both the Senior Men's and the Under 20 shot with respective distances of 13.61m and 14.79m while Hall gained the same position in the Senior Women's shot with 11.89m. Both athletes are coached by Geoff Capes.
COLUMBUS, Ohio — After dropping the first two playoff games at home in overtime, the Washington Capitals picked up momentum that only got stronger as they took down the Columbus Blue Jackets in four straight.
Now they'll strive to keep the intensity high as they advance to a second-round rematch with the Pittsburgh Penguins.
The Capitals, who manhandled the Blue Jackets, 6-3, on Monday to cap their National Hockey League opening round series, are looking to avenge second-round playoff losses to Pittsburgh in each of the past two seasons.
"I can't wait to take a step forward," said Washington star forward Alex Ovechkin, who had two goals on Monday, including his 50th playoff tally. "They know how to play, they know the pressure. It's a huge series for us."
Goaltender Braden Holtby relieved a struggling Philipp Grubauer in Game 2 and was great the rest of the way. He had 35 saves Monday in a game in which his team was outshot 38-28. Fifteen of the saves were in the third period when the desperate Blue Jackets turned up the heat.
"(He's) been fantastic," Ovechkin said. "He's stepping up big-time. He's the top goalie in the league, and he showed it today and he showed it in the series."
For his part, Washington coach Barry Trotz wasn't ready to talk about Pittsburgh yet after a taut opening-round series.
"Please let me breathe," he said. "We haven't taken a breath since this started."
Chandler Stephenson had a goal and an assist, and Dimitry Orlov, Devante Smith-Pelly and Lars Eller also scored Monday for Washington, which never trailed in OT in Game 5 on Saturday. The Capitals won each of the three games in Columbus.
One of the stories for Washington was its ability to defend Columbus's power play. After the Blue Jackets went 4 for 8 with a man advantage in the first two games, the Caps held them to 0 for 16 in the last four. Meanwhile, Washington took good advantage of Columbus penalties, scoring on the power play in each of the six games.
JOSEPH BIRKINSHAW was just seven years old when he perished in the Huskar pit disaster, alongside his brother George, who was 10, and 24 other children almost two centuries ago.
Today, they would have been at school, yet when a violent thunderstorm sent torrents of floodwater into the pit, at Nabbs Wood by the village of Silkstone Common near Barnsley, they were underground, some working as trappers, alone for up to 12 hours a day, opening and shutting doors as cart loads of coal were taken up to the surface, others were charged with taking the coal their fathers had dug out up to the daylight above.
But their deaths on that fateful day on July 4, 1838, were not entirely in vain. A Royal Commission set up after the disaster finally banned children under 10 from working in mines in 1842.
This July, 180 years after their deaths, the 26 children will once again be remembered by the communities of Silkstone and Silkstone Common, just as they do every 10 years.
Five days of events organised by schools, churches, community and voluntary groups, will finish will a reception and remembrance service on Sunday July 8 at All Saints Church in Silkstone, where a memorial to the children stands.
Descendents from the families torn apart by the disaster will be in attendance, with the service led by the Bishop of Wakefield, Tony Robinson, and Rev Maureen Browell.
Alan Thompson, who is coordinating more than 15 events as part of the Huskar 180 Project, said the children who died in the disaster were still remembered “in the minds and hearts” of those in the small communities around the former mine.
“It seems barbaric now to imagine children working in the mines,” he said. “The significance of the loss and grief of the community following their death led to a groundswell of support that eventually led to a change in the law.”
As part of the commemoration, author Alan Gallop, who wrote the book Children of the Dark, which covered the disaster, will be speaking to local schoolchildren about what life was like for children in Victorian times.
Barsley-born folk singer Kate Rusby has written a song about the disaster that will be performed for the first time by her mother at a concert featuring local choirs at All Saints Church on July 5. Silkstone Common School have created a flowerbed while Silkstone School have designed a labyrinth in memory of the children. Members of the Kimblio Trust, a UK-based charity which works with children working today in the cobalt mines of the Democratic Republic of Congo are holding an exhibition at the church.
Jane Raistrick from Silkstone Heritage Group, which has compiled information on each of the 26 children, and herself had family who died in the disaster - Isaac Wright, 12, and his brother Abraham, eight, said: “The 1838 disaster was both an emotional and economic disaster for the families involved. Some families lost two children, and many more lost nieces and nephews as well as their own children.
“They were also faced with the prospect of then having to send their younger children down the mine into a dangerous situation.”
Memorial fundraising hits halfway
A FORMER mining community has rallied in support of plans to build a memorial to 10 people killed in one of the worst disasters of its time.
As reported by The Yorkshire Post in March, former MP David Hinchliffe is spearheading a campaign for a memorial to those lost - which included six children - at Norcroft Colliery near Barnsley in 1821.
Mr Hinchliffe, who lost a relative in the disaster, said around half of the £3,000 needed had now been raised.
“The fundraising campaign is bringing people together - it may take a while, but we're almost there,” he added.
Ricky Ray is returning to the Toronto Argonauts. The Argos announced Friday that Ray has signed a one-year deal with the CFL club in 2018. He was eligible to become a free agent Feb. 13. “Ricky Ray will go down as one of the greatest quarterbacks to ever play in the CFL, but we are thrilled he's not done adding to his historic career just yet,” GM Jim Popp said in a statement. “We are very excited to welcome him back for another season in the Double Blue.” Read more: Argos sign quarterback James Franklin to 2-year extension
Article Continued Below
Opinion | Royson James: Go Argos! Finding my way back to my first love Argo fans celebrate Grey Cup heroes Ray, 38, led Toronto to a Grey Cup title last year, a CFL-record fourth as a starter, to cap the club's first season under head coach Marc Trestman. Following the Argos' 27-24 win over the Calgary Stampeders in November at TD Place, Ray said he was going to take some time to decide his football future.
Ray also said at the time if he decided to continue playing, it would be with Toronto. The Argos acquired Ray prior to the 2012 season from the Edmonton Eskimos and Ray rewarded his new club by leading it to victory in the 100th Grey Cup game at Rogers Centre. Last December, Toronto acquired quarterback James Franklin from Edmonton and signed the 26-year-old to a two-year deal. Ray's return gives the Argos a potentially potent 1-2 punch under centre. Ray enjoyed a resurgence under Trestman last season. After being limited to just 12 games over two injury-plagued campaigns, Ray made 17 starts and registered his first 5,000-yard passing season since ‘08 in leading the Argos (9-9) atop the East Division after finishing last in ‘16 with a 5-13 mark. Ray went through a similar process following the 2016 season before deciding to continue playing. The day Trestman was hired, he named Ray his starter and Ray responded by leading Toronto back to the CFL playoffs and being named the East Division's outstanding player. Ray has played in 233 career CFL games over his 15-year career. The six-foot-three, 214-pound California native stands fourth overall in passing yards (60,429) behind Anthony Calvillo (79,816), Damon Allen (72,381) and Henry Burris (63,227). Ray has been named a CFL all-star three times and last year was the East Division's outstanding player for the third occasion.
Read more about:
WASHINGTON — U.S. President Donald Trump is offering his condolences to Canadians following Monday's deadly van attack on pedestrians in Toronto.
He made the remarks amid the pomp of a White House ceremony Tuesday as he welcomed French President Emmanuel Macron for a state visit, the first of the Trump presidency.
Trump began the affair by offering his hopes for a speedy recovery for George H.W. Bush, the former president who now hospitalized with an infection following the death of his wife Barbara.
He then mentioned the attack in Toronto, where 10 people were killed and 15 others injured when a rental van mounted the sidewalk and plowed through a crowd of passersby.
Singapore's Ministry of Defence (MINDEF) said on Saturday that the defence ministers from the Association of South-east Asian Nations (ASEAN) will be visiting the country on Monday to attend the ASEAN Defence Ministers' Meeting (ADMM) Retreat.
The defence ministers and senior officials from all 10 member states, as well as the secretary-general of ASEAN will attend the retreat on Tuesday. The event will be held in conjunction with the Singapore Airshow 2018.
Channel NewsAsia reported that Singapore's Defence Minister Ng Eng Hen will also host visits by the Chinese Minister of National Defense General Chang Wanquan and other ASEAN defence ministers. General Chang will be in the city state for his introductory visit from Feb 4 to 8.
Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong will host a lunch for the defence ministers at the Singapore Airshow. This year marks Singapore's chairmanship of ASEAN, the ADMM and the ADMM-Plus, which includes other countries like the United States, New Zealand, South Korea, Russia, India, China and Japan.
Singapore will also coordinate the Asean-China dialogue relations from 2015 to 2018. MINDEF said that the formal ADMM and the ADMM-Plus meetings will be held in October. Since the establishment of the ADMM in 2006, this is the second time when Singapore is chairing the ADMM.
A cover article in January's edition of Pioneer magazine published by Mindef said: "As ADMM chair, Singapore plans to strengthen cooperation and build resilience among the ASEAN member states and eight "Plus" countries."
"In particular, Singapore will focus on three key thrusts: promoting regional counter-terrorism collaboration; growing a collective capability to defend against chemical, biological and radiological threats; and propagating the use of practical confidence-building measures in the aviation and maritime domains," the article added.
Recently, the six Asean members launched an intelligence pact aimed at combating Islamist militants and improving co-operation on security threats.
Get Screened Earlier For Colorectal Cancer, Urges American Cancer Society
Colorectal cancer is the second-leading cause of cancer death in the United States, most frequently diagnosed among adults over 65. To catch those typically slow-growing malignancies early, when they can often be cured, most doctors' groups recommend colorectal cancer screening starting at age 50.
But the American Cancer Society this week changed its advice and is recommending that screening start five years earlier.
"There is compelling evidence that the optimum age to start is now 45," says Dr. Richard Wender, chief cancer control officer of the society, who cites a sharp increase in deaths from colon and rectal cancers among men and women under age 50.
"People born in the '80s and '90s are at higher risk of developing colon cancer, particularly rectal cancer, than people born when I was born back in the '50s," Wender says.
And the rise is not just because detection is getting better, he says. In fact, the risk of developing colon cancer is twice as high as it was years ago and the risk of developing rectal cancer is four times higher.
"We just have to face reality," says Wender. "We just don't know why it's increasing."
Some of the increase could stem from the increase in obesity in the U.S., a known risk factor for colorectal cancer, he says.
"But we don't think that explains the entire change," he adds. "There is a great deal of interest and a lot of research beginning to try to answer that question."
So far, other groups are maintaining their recommendation that colon cancer screening start at age 50, including the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force, an independent, volunteer panel of national experts in disease prevention and evidence-based medicine.
Stanford University internist Douglas K. Owens, the task force's vice-chairperson, says the group's 2016 recommendations were based on extensive review of the benefits and harms of colorectal screening at the time.
"There was limited data on screening people under age 50," Owens says. The new American Cancer Society guidelines, he adds, should prompt more research into the relative benefits and harms of screening among younger people.
Dr. Robin B. Mendelsohn, a gastroenterologist at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center in New York, says there's been an "alarming" increase in cancer among younger adults. She's the co-director of the recently established Center for Young Onset Colorectal Cancer there.
Over the last 10 years, Memorial Sloan Kettering has seen 4,000 new colorectal cancer patients under age 50, she says. Many of them did not have traditional risk factors such as obesity, smoking, alcohol, physical inactivity or a diet high in fat or low in fiber.
In fact, Mendelsohn says, they were typically less likely to smoke and less likely to be overweight than their older counterparts.
"Anecdotally, when you talk with these patients, [some] are marathon runners who don't eat red meat, don't smoke, do everything 'right' and say 'why did this happen to me?' " she says.
Often, they tell her they've seen multiple doctors because of rectal bleeding, but have been told, since they're under 50, they "can't have cancer." That's clearly not the case, she says.
Ongoing studies are looking at a multitude of factors that might be contributing to the earlier cancer incidence. Potential culprits include over-the-counter anti-inflammatory medicines, antibiotics and antidepressants, as well as multiple vitamins, probiotics and other dietary supplements.
The new recommendations should bring greater attention to the value of screening, says Mendelsohn, who suggests that future studies investigate whether even younger people — in their early 40s or even 30s — should be screened.
A first colon cancer screening does not have to be a colonoscopy. In its new recommendations, the cancer society recommends choosing from one of six screening tests, which are also currently recommended by other expert groups. The guidelines don't prioritize among screening choices.
The choices include three at-home kits that test stool for blood.
These kits need to be ordered by a doctor; primary-care providers often have them on hand in the office to give to patients, Wender says, or they may be mailed.
"It's done in the privacy of your own home," he says. Patients mail the sample to a research facility which tests for microscopic traces of blood.
If the test is positive, a colonoscopy is recommended, Wender says; but only one in five people test positive for blood in their stool.
Typically, these home tests of feces are repeated every year for good results.
Alternatively, some patients opt for what's called a "virtual" colonoscopy — essentially a CT scan of the colon — which should be done every five years, according to the new recommendations.
Another approved option is a flexible sigmoidoscopy, which looks at the lower part of the colon, and is followed up by a colonoscopy if polyps are found.
A positive result picked up in these screening tests is typically followed up by a colonoscopy, which uses a tiny camera to investigate the entire colon. It is not only a search for early cancer; more often than not, Wender says, it detects pre-malignant, suspicious lesions, or polyps, which are removed during the procedure.
"When we find and remove polyps we actually prevent any future chance of that developing into cancer," he says.
Despite the high cure rate when colon cancer is caught early, only two-thirds of Americans over 50 get screened.
The American Cancer Society says it endorsed the full range of screening tests "without preference" in order to improve the rate of screening. In its latest advice, the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force says head-to-head comparison studies have shown that no one screening test is more effective than another in early cancer detection.
While they differ on the age of first screening, both groups suggest that screening over age 75 should be a joint decision between patient and doctor. And after age 85, screening is no longer necessary, the doctors' groups agree. That's because the risk of colonoscopy among this elderly population can outweigh any benefit.
On Monday, May 14, residents poured into the auditorium lobby to enjoy an exhibit of Southington High School artists' work. Above, Lovisa Tito poses next to her charcoal self portrait.
Photos by JANELLE MORELLI
Himmat among four Indians in T-15 in Sarawak
Kuching (Malaysia), Jul 4 (PTI) Himmat Rai showed a welcome return to form with a four-under 68 that saw him Tied-15th alongside three other Indians after the opening day of the Sarawak Championship here today.
Rai, Ajeetesh Sandhu, Khalin Joshi and Gaganjeet Bhullar -- all shot 68 each to be five shots behind the leader, American Paul Peterson, who fired a personal best of 63 on Asian Tour.
Rai, starting from the 10th, had four birdies in his first six holes and finished at 68, while Joshi, who was one-under through 15 holes, fired birdies on last three holes for a fine finish.
Sandhu, who won his maiden Tour title last year, started from tenth and had four birdies in his last seven holes, while Bhullar had a tidy five birdies against one bogey after his second place finish at Queens Cup.
As for other Indians, Jeev Milkha Singh, Jyoti Randhawa, S Chikkarangappa and M Dharma carded two-under 70 each to T-49th.
Honey Baisoya, Rashid Khan and Aman Raj shot one-under 71 each, while Chiragh Kumar and Viraj Madappa carded even par 72 and Udayan Mane had 75.
Rai said, I played really well. Overall I felt like I left a couple of shots out there. My game plan is to go with what I decided in the practice round. You can score on this golf course but your ball needs to be in the right place to take full advantage. I've done that well today.
"To be honest, it has been quite a ride in the last few years. I was working with my coach on my swing. Yes, I needed changes because at the start of my career, when it was good, it was really good and when it was bad, it was really bad. It was a process. I had a few personal issues but that has been resolved.
I'm enjoying playing again. I'm 31 and the Asian Tour Schedule looks as good as ever. I'm going to take small steps towards the bigger goal.
The 30-year-old Peterson, playing in his second event since taking a six-week break from golf, produced his lowest round score on the Asian Tour with nine birdies at the picturesque Damai Golf and Country Club.
Mark Brown of New Zealand, who won back-to-back Asian Tour titles in India in 2008, trailed in second place following a 65 at the inaugural US$300,000 Asian Tour event
Time Warp: Rain nearly extinguishes "Up in Smoke" tour stop in Scranton
Coping Your guide to area support groups (read more)
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Two men viciously brawled on a train before bizarrely ending their fisticuffs by hugging each other.
Video footage shot on a mobile phone by another passenger showed an older man stood over the younger who was seated - and rant at him.
He lashed back that the older man was "getting in my face" and called him a "junkie" in the exchange in the train carriage late at night in Sydney, Australia.
The older man replied: "I hate drugs" - before adding: "You're an evil a*****e, stay away from me."
The younger man then hit out with a volley of heavy blows to his face as the pair brawled and started falling around the carriage.
But after they appeared to tire out from the row they bizarrely started hugging each other.
The person filming was clearly touched - as he continued to film he could be heard to say: "Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
New details about the tragedy that took place inside Salvation Army Castleview Apartments this weekend have been released.
Police arrested 53-year-old Glenn Johnson, who is suspected of stabbing two men to death.
Those men are 57-year-old Phillip Hicks and 45-year-old Eric Flemming.
Johnson is currently being held in the Olmsted County Jail on two counts of second degree murder.
Both victims and the suspect lived near each other on the fourth floor of Castleview Apartments.
Police received a harassment call around 6:30 on Saturday night from Hicks, who reported that he was in a verbal altercation with Johnson.
Hicks used a wheelchair for mobility issues, and remained on the fourth floor while Johnson spoke to police downstairs.
After getting statements from both men, officers told both parties to remain separated for the night.
Police then left the residence around 7:05 since there was no indication danger at the time.
At 7:15 dispatch received a call that reported stabbings on the fourth floor.
Officers returned to find two victims suffering from severe stab wounds.
Phillip Hicks and Eric Flemming were both taken to Mayo Clinic Saint Marys where they were pronounced dead at 8 o'clock.
Johnson was arrested as he tried to exit through a stairway in the rear of the building.
Officers recovered several knives during their search, at least two of which they believe were used in the attack.
Police also found a wheelchair overturned in the hallway, where they think Hicks was attacked before fleeing in to another room.
It was here that another resident called 911 after letting Hicks into their unit.
Johnson had a strong odor of alcohol about him during the incident, and became combative while he was being booked into jail.
Charges against Johnson are expected to be read in court sometime tomorrow.
Community members are holding a vigil outside of Castleview Apartments at 4 o'clock this afternoon.
The National Endowment for the Arts has approved a $20,000 grant to Community Music School of Springfield for its Sonido Musica partnership with the city's public schools.
The grant was from NEA's Art Works category, which supports projects that focus on the creation of art that meets the highest standards of excellence, public engagement with diverse and excellent art, lifelong learning in the arts, and/or the strengthening of communities through the arts.
Students in Sonido Musica participate in weekly hour long classes on their chosen instrument (violin, viola, cello, flute, clarinet, saxophone, trumpet, trombone or drums) led by CMSS faculty.
"Through the work of organizations such as Community Music School of Springfield in Springfield, Massachusetts, NEA funding invests in local communities, helping people celebrate the arts wherever they are," NEA Chairman Jane Chu said.
Sonido Musica started six years ago at three Springfield schools with 60 students. It now serves nearly 1,000 students weekly in 17 elementary, middle and high schools in Springfield.
"We are thrilled to have been awarded the Art Works grant from the NEA. Our partnership program with the Springfield Public Schools, Sonido Musica, engages nearly 1,000 Springfield children each week in strings, band and percussion instruction at elementary, middle and high schools,' said CMSS Executive Director Eileen McCaffery. "We are proud that CMSS and Sonido Musica have been recognized nationally for the quality of our instruction, and the impact on young people."
The NEA has approved more than $80 million in grants as part of the NEA's second major funding announcement for fiscal year 2018.
Boredom is something we all experience. The hours tick by, we're sluggish and unstimulated, and eventually we become desperate for something, anything, to break us out of our utter tedium. But defining the sensation of boredom precisely — and identifying why we get bored in the first place — is tricker than it seems. And at the roots of boredom are some big insights on human cognition and attention that might have given us a serious evolutionary edge. Yes, your inability to stay awake in math class may actually have a point to it.
Psychologist John Eastwood, a boredom expert and author of The Unengaged Mind, writes that it's “the aversive experience of wanting, but being unable, to engage in satisfying activity." It's not the same as sitting apathetically, daydreaming, meditating, or not caring about what's happening around you; it's an emotion that humans find it seriously unpleasant and try very hard to stop feeling. Studies in 2014 and 2015 found that we'll do basically anything to avoid boredom, including delivering ourselves small electric shocks (yes, really) and engaging in other self-destructive behaviors. People who are bored are very aware that they're bored, and are desperate for the sensation to stop.
Evolutionarily speaking, this makes sense. Humans, like many other animals, crave novelty; we're neophiliacs, or lovers of new things. Novelty helps us learn things, and from a very young age we seek out new experiences and things to interact with. Studies on the brain have revealed that we respond to completely new stimuli with a flood of dopamine, a "reward" that makes us feel good. It's part of the reason why humans are so curious: we're always on the lookout for things that give us that flood of good feelings. And that's been hugely advantageous to us in our history as a species. Curiosity over tens of thousands of years has helped us explore new tools, try new foods, and experiment and adapt widely. "What's that shiny thing? What can it do? Can I use it?"
From an evolutionary perspective, then, boredom is kind of a good thing — because, scientists say, it's motivational. People who know they're bored want to get out of their rut and find something to stimulate them. A study in 2011 found that people who were experiencing boredom were more likely than others to try "pro-social and meaningful behaviors." They were finding that their lives and actions lacked meaning, so they tried to do something different — and good came of it.
But it's not all about using boredom as a motivational tool. Actually sitting with boredom also has some advantages. The poet Joseph Brodsky gave a commencement address to Dartmouth College in 1995 in which he advised, "When hit by boredom, let yourself be crushed by it; submerge, hit bottom. In general, with things unpleasant, the rule is: The sooner you hit bottom, the faster you surface. The idea here is to exact a full look at the worst. The reason boredom deserves such scrutiny is that it represents pure, undiluted time in all its repetitive, redundant, monotonous splendor." And now scientists have backed up that advice. Sitting with boredom, they advise, can actually help unlock some creativity.
Often, it seems, our desperate pursuit of novelty and avoidance of boredom can lead to a depletion of our mental resources: we're focusing on twenty things at once without really giving any space to reflection. Studies in 2015 found that people who were bored actually did a bit better on creativity tests than people who felt relaxed. Giving the brain time to actually get bored, to sit and do some self-examination, and to inhabit the bored "brain-state" (scientists believe that boredom is a very distinct pattern of brain activity) appears to prompt creative thinking in some people. Some researchers think that you're more likely to get this benefit if you also possess some self-control, but there's a lot of research left to be done about how to best maximize boredom.
In an age where everything is catered to give us quick, accessible doses of novelty, it can be an interesting experiment to just, well, let yourself get bored. Sit, feel how unpleasant it is to have no stimulation, and then see what bubbles up. A long-submerged idea might just arrive at the surface.
SHEFFIELD WEDNESDAY moved a step closer to the Sky Bet Championship play-offs with a 2-1 victory at QPR.
Daniel Pudil's 31st-minute strike proved to be the winner after Adam Reach's opener had been cancelled out by Idrissa Sylla's 10th goal of the season for Rangers.
The win moved Wednesday up a place to fifth in the table courtesy of rivals Leeds losing at home to Wolves.
Rangers, meanwhile, have lost five matches in a row and sit just six points above the relegation zone with three games left.
Wednesday dominated most of the first half and went ahead in the 12th minute.
Pudil's left-wing cross ricocheted into the path of Reach, who blasted in from near the edge of the six-yard box.
Sylla equalised from a similar position nine minutes later. After Jamie Mackie exchanged passes with Ryan Manning and went down in the box, the loose ball rolled to Sylla, who fired past keeper Keiren Westwood at the near post.
But the Owls hit back just after the half-hour mark, when Pudil followed up to head home after goalkeeper Alex Smithies had managed to keep out Jordan Rhodes' header from Ross Wallace's right-wing free-kick.
Wallace might then have made it 3-1 had Jack Robinson not thwarted him with a last-ditch challenge after the winger had been found by Reach's pass.
Westwood denied Sylla a second goal shortly before half-time, tipping over the striker's header from Robinson's long throw.
And Jake Bidwell missed a decent chance to equalise a couple of minutes into the second half by volleying over from inside the penalty area after Wednesday were unable to properly clear Luke Freeman's free-kick.
The hosts maintained their early second-half pressure and had appeals for a penalty waved away after Westwood clattered into Mackie on the right-hand side of the area.
On-loan Brighton winger Kazenga LuaLua, brought on as a half-time substitute for the R's, then sent a wayward effort high and wide of the target as Ian Holloway's side appeared to run out of ideas.
The visitors remained a threat and Rhodes had a header saved by Smithies, Barry Bannan sent a long-range effort narrowly off target and Pudil headed over from Bannan's corner.
QPR boss Holloway brought target man Matt Smith on for the final 15 minutes and switched to three up front in an attempt to find a second equaliser.
And it almost worked as Smith headed wide from Bidwell's late cross.
I wandered up to a literal, floor-to-ceiling wall of pants. I know a little bit about clothes and of course, I know there are a several historical styles of pants, most of which are ridiculous and unwearable, but nevertheless exist.
Take "painter pants" for example. Except for 17 minutes in the 80s, no sane person who is not holding a brush would wear painter pants. Ditto "Capri pants" which are tight-fitting trousers that end abruptly and without explanation halfway down your calf, They were invented by an Italian designer who it seems was interested in naked calves and worn by Mary Tyler Moore, bullfighters and occasionally by tennis star Rafael Nadal, but God knows why. These are also called pedal pushers (if you ride a bike) and clam diggers (if you dig clams while riding a bike) and just generally for people who insist on ridiculous names for their clothes.
The pants on the shelves were technically all long pants, but when I started looking for my size I realized that at some point someone had decided that there was no such thing as just "pants."
Now — and I am not making this up — there were "Classic Fit," Regular Fit," "Straight Fit," Relaxed," "Tapered," "Flex Tapered," "Slim Tapered," "Skinny Tapered," "Slouch Tapered" and "Athletic." There may have been a few more, but I got dizzy and had to sit down.
Foolishly, I tried Athletic. I found them, to my chagrin, baggy in the thighs and butt.
I told the salesperson this.
"Yes, they're made for people with muscular legs. That's why they're called Athletic," he said. "How would you describe your legs? That might help."
"Chickenlike," I said.
"Try Skinny Tapered," he said.
I did and they seemed to fit, I thought.
At home, I tried them on and then asked my wife the question usually directed AT men, not posed BY men.
"How do these pants look?" I said.
Sensing a once-in-a-lifetime moment, she said, "Like you've got really skinny pants on chicken legs."
I might try Capris after all.
Paul Benedetti is the author of “You Can Have A Dog When I'm Dead.”
Christmas is the greatest time of year — except for fashion. When it comes to fashion, Christmas is an abomination. That's as it should be. Fuzzy slippers, ratty pyjamas, ugly sweaters, novelty robes, exposed undershirts, jogging pants, garish socks, fleece blankets with sleeves: you could actually show up around the tree on Christmas morning in a potato sack and a red belt that chimes out “Jingle Bells” and your family would be too busy tearing into wrapping paper to notice. But you know what? It was always comforting to feign excitement over an unwanted present — “A motorized rolling pin? You shouldn't have!” — while looking like you had just fallen out of bed, which of course you had. In fact, the sheer enjoyment of Christmas morning always involved a crucial and inverse correlation: the space you inhabited was decorated to the nines while you were to free to look like you'd just been plucked from earthquake rubble. Looking like hell put you in the perfect frame of mind. Have you ever tried to thank a sibling for a talking clock radio while garbed in a Tom Ford tux? It can't be done.
Article Continued Below
I have so many warm childhood memories of Christmas morning. And in those memories, my loved ones look like outlaws who've been on the lam for two months. I can still see my dad trying to shove discarded ribbon into a garbage bag while decked out in a starry-PVC shirt that clearly started its life cycle as a shower curtain. And over there, that's my mom, holding a spatula and trying to force scrambled eggs into the chaos, walking around in what appears to be a botched wardrobe design from Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat. It was the happiest day of the year and we looked like vagrants. Back in those days, not caring about your appearance was not just limited to Christmas morning. There was a general style understanding that stretched across the entire yuletide season: decorating was for inanimate objects.
The City of Stirling will welcome an influx of pedigree beef breeders next month as United Auctions' host another record-breaking May Multi-Breed Show and Sale.
The annual Bull Sale event from Scotland's leading livestock auctioneers will see its largest line-up for a second consecutive year at Stirling Agricultural Centre.
Last year's expanded format has been extended to three days to accommodate the show and sale of 304 pedigree bulls and females from Saturday 29 April to Monday 1 May 2017.
Local company Agricar continues to sponsor the Multi-Breed event from their base at the Agricultural Centre.
Bull inspections take place on Saturday 29 April while Sunday will see an extravaganza of judging with the pre-sale shows of Charolais, Simmental, Limousin, Salers and Highland cattle. The judging of Aberdeen-Angus and Beef Shorthorn bulls will take place from 9am on Monday 1 May before the sales of all nine breeds kick off at 10.30am.
The boost in entries is due to a record number of pedigree Limousin bulls (75) and Aberdeen-Angus bulls (59) forward this year with Salers entries nearly doubled to 13.
John Roberts, United Auctions' Group Sales Director, said: “This back-to-back boost in entries is down to the continued support of Scottish breeders and consignors south of the border for what is now firmly recognised as a significant pedigree cattle event in the farming calendar.
“The May Bull Sale has grown steadily year-on-year from 40 cattle in the early days to more than 300 forward this year. Buyers can be sure of a tremendous show of top quality bulls from some of the finest herds showcasing excellent genetics.
“It's also great to see a bustling, national event bringing a positive impact to the City with existing tenants, neighbouring Stirling vendors and local businesses all seeing the economic benefit of an uplift in commerce.”
Well-known west coast auctioneer at United Auctions, Raymond Kennedy is leading the Highland sale on Monday at 10.30am. He said: “May is such a significant date for the Highland sale diary so we're particularly pleased to be continuing to draw growing numbers of consignors and buyers to the City of Stirling at this time of year.”
United Auctions is also holding a commercial show and sale of Simmental breeding cattle on Monday 1 May, which is taking place in sheep ring, and is sponsored by Stirling Agricultural Centre tenant Carrs Billington.
Judges are as follows:
Highland - Bob McWalter, 12 Clerk Drive, Corpach, Fort William.
Salers - Terry Coghill, Muce, Birsay, Kirkwall.
Charolais - Ellis Mutch, Burnside of Whtiefield, Forglen, Banff.
Simmental - Andrew W Clarke, 19 Breaghey Road, Tynan, Co Armagh.
Limousin - Michael Norman, Little Orton Farm, Little Orton, Carlisle.
Aberdeen-Angus - Caroline Orr, Halbeath Farm, Dunfermline.
Beef Shorthorn - Victor Watson, Ballie Furth Farm, Grantown on Spey.
Howard Bryant's new book, The Heritage, reads like a thorough, tough-minded analysis of these last few turbulent weeks in sports, race and politics. When NFL owners voted last week to force players on the field to stand during the pre-game anthem, league commissioner Roger Goodell told reporters that football fans wanted players to participate in staged acts of patriotism. Last year, U.S. President Donald Trump called players taking knee during pre-game anthems to protest police brutality “sons of bitches,” and last week he told Fox News players who choose not to “stand proudly” during the national anthem should leave the U.S.
The Heritage: Black Athletes, A Divided America, and the Politics of Patriotism, published by Beacon Press. ( Handout photo )
While the new rule earned criticism from supporters of players like former 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick, who began opting out of pre-game anthems in 2016, the league imposed it to appease both Trump and conservative fans furious players would ever question the connection between pro sports, law enforcement, the military and performative patriotism. Bryant doesn't just question that premise in The Heritage: Black Athletes, a Divided America and The Politics of Patriotism. The ESPN senior writer cross-examines assumptions about the roles of race and patriotism in the spectacle of pro sports, connects Kaepernick to a line of African-American activist-athletes that stretches back to Jackie Robinson, and calls on Kaepernick's peers to devote their influence to the fight against racism. Publisher Beacon Press couldn't have known the book would hit stores just as the NFL rule propelled race, sports and nationalism back into the news cycle. That The Heritage so thoroughly deconstructs the current controversy highlights Bryant's insight, foresight and strong writing. Bryant saw where trends were headed, and when they arrived, The Heritage was already there to help make sense of them.
Article Continued Below
The central premise of Bryant's book is that African-American athletes — especially superstars — have a responsibility to leverage fame and influence to advance the fight for racial equality, even if it costs them personally. That dual role as athlete and activist is the heritage from which the book derives its title, and Bryant points out that sacrifices made by athletes like Jackie Robinson and Curt Flood made today's widely-integrated pro sports and nine-figure contracts possible. Bryant writes that many African-American sports stars who followed in Robinson's wake eagerly accepted activism as a part of their jobs, and urges contemporary standouts, with bigger salaries and audiences than their forbears enjoyed, to rejoin the movement for U.S. racial equality. For Bryant, it's less a choice than a duty. “You owe, because you received,” goes the refrain appearing several times throughout the book's 241 pages. Athletes like Kaepernick or outspoken Trump critic LeBron James seem jarring to a sports public that grew up with black athletes like Michael Jordan, who made political neutrality a pillar in his lucrative personal brand. But in The Heritage, Bryant reminds readers that African-American athletes were engaged in activism before the deracinated corporate pitchman archetype — starting with O.J. Simpson and peaking with Tiger Woods — became the kind of Black athlete fans, teams and the media expected.
Bryant juxtaposes Simpson, Jordan and Woods with athletes like Muhammad Ali, who famously lost his heavyweight title and risked prison rather than accept induction to the U.S. Army in 1967. The next year, 200-metre champ Tommie Smith and bronze medallist John Carlos thrust their black-gloved fists skyward on the medal podium at the 1968 Olympics in solidarity with the civil rights struggle at home. Bryant points out all those men lost money and endured bitter backlash when they stood on principle, but none regretted their activism.
Article Continued Below
Just as Simpson's emergence disrupted the Black athlete-as-activist tradition, Bryant argues that the Sept. 11, 2001 terror attacks created the current sports landscape, where black NFLers who fight racism are muzzled by their league and labeled traitors by the president. Bryant charts the sports industry's gradual transformation from a vehicle for post-9/11 healing to a stage where Americans celebrate law enforcement and military might. He also traces the current emphasis on the pre-game anthem to 2009, when the NFL and the U.S. military entered a paid partnership that, for the first time, demanded players to appear on field during the Star-Spangled Banner — all while using the league's reach to lure potential recruits. Bryant connects all those ideas to create a portrait of a sports-industrial complex that punishes athletes like Kaepernick — out of the NFL since the end of the 2016 season — for two offences it considers unforgiveable: advocating for Black Americans' rights and upsetting a corporate partnership. If The Heritage has a blind spot, it might be the idea that Black athletes must — rather than should — become outspoken advocates for racial justice, only because that role might not suit every star's personality. If activism resonates because it's authentic, an anti-racism movement might not benefit from an O.J. Simpson-type superstar feigning wokeness to boost his personal brand. But it's a picayune criticism, akin to watching LeBron James put up a triple-double with 40 points and wondering why he didn't score 50. A minor gripe with the central conceit doesn't diminish Bryant's execution, or detract from a book that could prove essential in understanding this tumultuous moment at the intersection of sports, race, business and politics.
Read more about:
IOA, Asian Games organisers sign MoU, finalise Torch Relay details
New Delhi, May 30 (PTI) The Indian Olympic Association and a seven-member delegation from the Indonesia Asian Games Organizing Committee today signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) and finalised the details surrounding the commencement of the Torch Relay.
The Torch Relay for the 18th edition of the Games will be held on July 15 at the Major Dhyan Chand National Stadium in the capital where the permanent flame of the Asian Games is located.
This year's Asian Games will mark the 18th edition of the prestigious tournament which will be hosted in Jakarta, Indonesia.
A MoU was also signed by Rajeev Mehta, Secretary General, IOA and Eris Herryanto, Secretary General, INASGOC which covered the various obligations for conduct of the Asian Games Torch Relay here.
On May 10, IOA had constituted an Organising Committee for the successful conduct of the Torch Relay.
The venue for the torch lit ceremony is named after the legendary hockey player and a three-time Olympic gold medallist.
The National Stadium was the main stadium for the first Asian Games held in New Delhi in 1951 and carries an historical value, not only for Indians but for the whole of Asia.
Speaking on the occasion Mehta said, "The Asian Games is the biggest event for Olympic sports in Asia and some of the best talents take part in this championship.
"We at the Indian Olympic Association are privileged to kick-start the Asian Games 2018 Torch Relay from the iconic Major Dhyan Chand National Stadium and pass on the baton to all participating nations, marking the start of the 18th edition of this prestigious quadrennial Games."
The Torch Relay is scheduled to begin at 8:30am from Major Dhyan Chand National Stadium
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Web hackers Anonymous have taken control of a white supremacist website which supports Donald Trump and vilifies Jewish people.
The Daily Stormer is known as a neo-Nazi site which was leading a rally in Charlottesville in Virginia where one woman was killed by a driver who rammed his car into a crowd.
Anti-racism protesters had turned out in force as the white supremacists marched through the street shouting "Hail Trump" and making Nazi salutes.
After the incident, Anonymous took control of the website, and said it will be shut down in 24 hours, before personal data will then be released.
Posting on the site, Anonymous said: "This site is now under the control of Anonymous.
(Image: Daily Stormer)
(Image: Rex Features)
"We have taken this site in the name of Heather Heyer, a victim of white supremacist terrorism."
Ms Heyer, 32, was killed at a Charlottesville far-right rally, and was a civil rights activist.
The legal assistant, from Virginia, died when a car rammed into a group of protesters, with 19 others injured.
James Alex Fields Jr, 20, from Ohio, has been charged with her murder.
Andrew Anglin, the man behind the vile Daily Stormer website, wrote about her death on August 13, calling Ms Heyer a "fat, childless 32-year-old sl*t."
(Image: BFG101/ Wikipedia)
(Image: Rex Features)
(Image: REUTERS)
In the poisonous rant, he said: "Despite feigned outrage by the media, most people are glad she is dead, as she is the definition of uselessness.
"A 32-year-old woman without children is a burden on society and has no value."
He went on to say: "Having no children at that age, it can be assumed that she had multiple abortions and thus herself was a child murderer.
"Whatever you think of the driver, it is clear that his actions saved us a lot of money. The costs of the food alone to sustain a woman of this size for another 49 years would be astronomical."
Anonymous has claimed that the hack had been in the pipeline for a while, but that the events in Charlottesville, and more specifically Ms Heyer's death, prompted them to take immediate action.
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: Getty)
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: Anadolu)
Their message went on to read: "For too long, the Daily Stormer and Andrew Anglin have spewed their putrid hate on this site. That will not be happening anymore.
"We have all of the details on the servers and will be releasing the data when we feel the time is right.
"We have also gathered locational data on Anglin himself and are sending our allies in Lagos to pay him a visit in person.
"This evil cannot be allowed to stand.
"It took a united force of elite hackers from around the world to breach the systems and the firewall.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
"We have had the Daily Stormer in our sights for months now.
"The events of Charlottesville alerted us to the need for immediate action. We want you Nazis to know: your time is short.
"We will allow the site to remain online for 24 hours so the world can witness the hate.
"Then we will shut it down permanently. Hackers of the world have united in defence of the Jewish people.
(Image: Getty)
(Image: Getty)
(Image: REUTERS)
"You should have expected us."
Many social media users were questioning the legitimacy of the hack, after news reports emerged that suggested web hosting company Go Daddy had already given the Daily Stormer 24 hours to switch to a new domain.
It came after the article on Ms Heyer, which Go Daddy said violated their terms of service.
"We informed The Daily Stormer that they have 24 hours to move the domain to another provider, as they have violated our terms of service," GoDaddy said.
The Daily Stormer, which calls itself "The World's Most Genocidal Republican Website," endorsed Donald Trump's candidacy for president in 2015.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The site posted a story titled "Heil Donald Trump - The Ultimate Savior" after Trump proposed a total ban on Muslim immigration.
Donald Trump has faced a furious backlash after refusing to condemn white supremacists who chanted Nazi propaganda in the rally.
Following Trump's statement about the violence in Charlottesville in which he said "we condemn... this egregious display of hatred, bigotry, and violence that's on many sides," the Daily Stormer wrote: "[Trump] refused to answer a question about White Nationalists supporting him.
"No condemnation at all. When asked to condemn, he just walked out of the room. Really, really good. God bless him."
Monday, August 14, 2017 at 8:26 am |
NEW YORK - A 23-year-old frum man was fatally stabbed and his brother wounded by a man who had blocked their driveway overnight Sunday in Brooklyn.
The ordeal happened just before 11:30 p.m. Sunday on East 73rd Street near Avenue M in the Bergen Beach section.
The Dahan's driveway was blocked, and they were trying to figure out who the car belonged to when the car's owner finally returned. A brawl broke out, and at some point, a knife was pulled. Both brothers were stabbed.
Omari Dahan, 23, z”l, who was stabbed in the chest, was rushed to Beth Israel Hospital where he later passed away. His 29-year-old brother, yet to be named, was treated for a stab wound to his arm and is expected to recover.
Investigators said the two attackers fled the scene in a gray Volkswagen Jetta. No arrests have been made.
Volunteers from Misaskim are overseeing that the niftar receives proper kavod hames, and are waiting for the NYC Medical Examiner to clear the body for kevurah.
A source in Misaskim told Hamodia that the levayah is presumed to be held later Monday in new York, and will continue to Eretz Yisrael.
He noted that, lo aleinu, the Dahan family has been struck with several tragedies. In 2009, the father, Shlomo, died in a desperate attempt to rescue his son Harel from the deadly fumes of an 18-foot-deep cesspool at a Queens sewage plant. They were overcome by toxic fumes of a putrid well at a waste transfer station at a Queens sewage plant where they were working. The father and brother were buried in Zichron Yaakov in Eretz Yisrael.
Baruch Dayan Haemes.
John Rubino–The COT Worm Has Turned Video – Financial Survival Network
The latest COT (Commitment of Traders) Report shows the Commercial Shorts lightening and switching to long. And it shows the Speculators giving up their longs. This could be good news for precious metals in the coming months. While the economic news appears to be positive, there are a lot of dark clouds and black swans circling. Terrorism, North Korea, etc., etc. Time to be looking at a Plan B.
Video Source
loading...
Sharing is caring!
Photo: Ben Hider / PictureGroup / Sipa / USA Today
By Hayden Wright
Production of a Brooklyn pilsner called Biëryoncé halted production after Beyoncé, the beer's namesake and label inspiration, ordered the creators to cease and desist. The beer brand was launched this fall and Beyonce's legal team took action as soon as they found out about it. Now, members of the Beyhive can seek out cans as limited edition collectibles.
Related: Beyoncé Presents Muhammad Ali Award to Colin Kaepernick
Lineup Brewing owner Katarina Martinez insists that both the name and the Bey typography-inspired label were intended as a compliment.
“As a Hispanic, female-run business, I am very inspired by her so I thought I'd pay homage,” Martinez told Pitchfork. “We're disappointed she didn't take it as a compliment, but oh well. It was fun while it lasted!”
Bey and her representatives have not commented.
The Biëryoncé brew earned attention from industry bibles, including Bon Appétit magazine, which wrote that it's “perfect for those chilly-but-sunny Sundays when every song that plays from your phone is your favorite song.”
We'd suggest pouring one out in memory of Biëryoncé, but it'd be a shame to waste it.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Tory Brexit minister has been forced to make a grovelling apology to the House of Commons for failing to challenge claims of a pro-Remain conspiracy in the civil service.
Leading Leave supporter Mr Baker fuelled unfounded claims the Treasury was trying to thwart Britain's EU exit.
The row unfolded after he had told the Commons it was “essentially correct” that a think tank boss had said “officials in the Treasury have deliberately developed a model to show that all options other than staying in the customs union were bad and that officials intended to use this to influence policy”.
But calls are still mounting for Tory Brexit eer Jacob Rees-Mogg to apologise for raising the conspiracy theory in the Commons in the first place.
Theresa May signals she will pursue Brexit at any cost - and insists she won't quit
Speaking in the Commons this morning, Mr Baker told MPs: "I wish to correct the record of my answer yesterday to (Mr Rees-Mogg).
He is aware of this point of order. "Yesterday I answered a question based on my honest recollection of conversation. As I explained yesterday, I considered what I understood the suggestion being put to me as implausible because of the long-standing and well regarded impartiality of the civil service.
"The audio of that conversation is now available and I'm glad the record stands corrected.
"In the context of that audio, I accept I should have corrected or dismissed the premise of my honourable friend's question. I have apologised to Mr Charles Grant, who is an honest and trustworthy man.
"As I've put on record many times, I have the highest regard for our hard-working civil servants.
"I'm grateful for this early opportunity to correct the record and I apologise to the House.''
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
His apology came after Theresa May slapped Baker down for making the comments - but stopped short of sacking him.
Speaking in Shanghai on the final day of her trade mission to China, the Prime Minister told Channel 5 News: “The ministerial code says that the minister should take the earliest opportunity to amend the record that has given to Parliament and apologise to Parliament. He will do that.
“What I understand the minister did was to reflect what he thought somebody else had said at a meeting.
“He has now recalled that was not right, he is going to apologise, he is going to ensure that the record in Hansard is correct so that Parliament is not misled when that record is read in the future.
“That's what the ministerial code asks him to do and that is what he will be doing.”
The exchange came yesterday, after Jacob Rees-Mogg, leader of the hardline European Research Group of Brexiteer Tories, raised the allegation in the House of Commons.
He asked Mr Baker to confirm if he heard from Charles Grant, of the Centre for European Reform, that "officials in the Treasury have deliberately developed a model to show that all options other than staying in the customs union were bad and that officials intended to use this to influence policy".
Steve Baker replied it was "essentially correct" that he had heard the "extraordinary allegations".
He said: "[Mr Rees-Mogg's] account is essentially correct.
(Image: AFP)
"At the time I considered it implausible because my direct experience is that civil servants are extraordinarily careful to uphold the impartiality of the civil service.
"We must proceed with great caution in this matter, but I have heard him raise the issue.
"We need to be very careful not to take this forward in an inappropriate way, but he has reminded me of something that I heard.
"It would be quite extraordinary if it turned out that such a thing had happened."
Have your say
Health chiefs and care professionals have described the care home ‘crisis' in Harrogate as ‘a perfect storm'.
The claims by the Chair of the Scrutiny of Health Commission for North Yorkshire, Councillor Jim Clark, follow “shocking” new insolvency figures.
Sports News of Tuesday, 24 April 2018
Source: Goal.com
Bayern Munich defender Jerome Boateng
Bayern Munich defender Jerome Boateng is relishing the chance to stop Cristiano Ronaldo from flexing his famous muscles in the Champions League semi-finals.
The Bundesliga champions host Real Madrid at the Allianz Arena on Wednesday as both sides seek to secure a first-leg advantage in the fight for a final berth.
Ronaldo, the competition's all-time top scorer, will be integral to the visitors' hopes, having netted the decisive penalty to see off Juventus in the last eight.
The 33-year-old celebrated that stoppage-time winner in typically exuberant style, dispatching his shirt and roaring with delight.
"I think he's a great athlete. You see that whenever he scores goals and takes off his shirt," Boateng said.
"I always look forward to playing against these players, even Ronaldo. It's always fun to play against the best players. That's how you improve yourself."
While admitting it will be tough to overcome a star-studded Madrid, Germany international Boateng is confident of atoning for last year's quarter-final exit to the same opposition.
"Real are really powerful in attack, really strong in defence and have a balanced midfield. There's a reason they've won two Champions Leagues in a row," he said.
"But we're confident and will do our best to beat them.
"Last year's elimination isn't in our minds anymore. We have a great chance to make the final this year, and that's all we're focused on."
DENTON, Texas — Roosevelt Smart had 28 points and DJ Draper scored 10 of his 12 points in the final five minutes to help North Texas rally for a 74-70 win over Rice on Saturday.
Allante Holston scored 13 points on 5-of-7 shooting for North Texas (13-10, 6-4 Conference USA), which has won three in a row.
Connor Cashaw's 3-pointer gave Rice (5-18, 2-8) a 56-47 lead with 8 1/2 minutes to play, but the Mean Green scored 13 of the next 17 points, tying it on a Draper 3. Draper made a layup and a 3-pointer and Smart made a pair of free throws for a 71-67 lead with 1:11 left. Bishop Mency hit a 3 for Rice but the Owls had two turnovers while North Texas was 3 of 4 from the foul line.
Cashaw had 18 points and eight rebounds, and Mercy scored 17, for Rice, which had 18 turnovers that cost 22 points.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
If you are sitting at your desk wondering whether you can ask your boss if you can work from home because you can not feel your feet, you are probably not alone.
As temperatures continue to drop in Bristol and employees everywhere begin panicking about getting to and from work, the question on many people's minds will be the same...
(Image: Getty)
Is it ever too cold to work?
The Health and Safety Executive recommends 16 degrees as the minimum acceptable temperature for an office (or 13 degrees if the work involves rigorous physical activity) but it is only a guideline and not a legal requirement, explains employment expert Luke Menzies of Bristol-based Menzies Law.
He said: “Employees would be quite reasonable in complaining if the temperature in their workplace dropped that far.”
But Mr Menzies says that “unfortunately” staff are not entitled to a day off work.
“If you cannot get to work due to the weather but your workplace is still operating, your employer technically does not have to pay you for that day.
“You will normally only be entitled to be paid on a snow day if your employer decides to close the workplace.
“Obviously, your employer's attitude to paying you on a snow day will depend on the employer, the money available and the precise conditions."
Mr Menzies said workers have no legal right to leave work early through fear of getting stuck in snow.
“Hopefully any decent employer would have sympathy and let you go early if you ask, but you would not be entitled in law to be paid for the time you missed at work.
“In theory your employer could even treat your early departure as a case of you going AWOL, and discipline you, so always get permission to leave early if you need to."
So although you might feel like complaining, it seems like the best option is to wrap up warm and resort to wearing a scarf and hat inside (like my colleague).
*SOB*.
Climate science has kind of had its day in court before. In 2007, for example, the Supreme Court ruled that CO 2 fits the definition of a pollutant under the Clean Air Act—a decision that forces the US EPA to draw up regulations to tackle climate change, regardless of political winds. But on Tuesday, climate science will literally have its day in court, as a federal judge receives a five-hour tutorial he requested on the subject.
The case pits San Francisco and Oakland against BP, Chevron, ConocoPhillips, Exxon Mobil, and Royal Dutch Shell. The cities are alleging that major oil companies sold fossil fuels while knowing their use would change the climate—and, critically, publicly campaigning to convince the public they would not change the climate. As San Francisco and Oakland incur significant costs building infrastructure to protect their cities from sea-level rise, they want oil companies to chip in for the bill.
The case, which would obviously set a huge precedent if the cities won, already seems to have gone further than past attempts. Other judges have booted suits on the grounds that emissions should be regulated by the EPA and therefore the issue can't be decided in a courtroom. But the specifics of the California case—going after sellers of fossil fuels rather than local users of fossil fuels—convinced Judge William Alsup that it can go forward.
Before arguments get rolling, however, Judge Alsup made a unique request: both sides are to present the facts of climate science itself, partly by answering a list of his questions. In recent years, oil companies have publicly accepted the scientific consensus on global warming, so they are unlikely to present a contrarian view in this case. But half of this “tutorial” will focus on the history of climate science, which the companies could seek to paint as more uncertain in order to excuse their stance in the 1980s and 1990s.
As for Judge Alsup's (surprisingly specific) questions about climate change, they're actually fundamental to the science and quite easily answered.
Going greenhouse
Half of the judge's questions relate to how the greenhouse effect actually works. For example, he asks, “What is the molecular difference by which CO 2 absorbs infrared radiation but oxygen and nitrogen do not?”
The term “greenhouse effect” is meant to evoke the basic result of the process rather than the actual physics involved. Greenhouses warm up by allowing sunlight in and preventing heat energy and warm air from leaving. Our atmosphere's greenhouse effect similarly lets sunlight (mainly in the visible light portion of the electromagnetic spectrum) reach the Earth's surface to warm it but absorbs the infrared radiation our planet emits back to space.
You've likely run into this explanation before, perhaps along with an analogy of building a thicker blanket around the planet that warms it up. But how does this work, exactly?
If we skip past the quantum mechanics, the simple fact is that molecules of gas can only absorb (and emit) certain wavelengths of electromagnetic radiation. Carbon dioxide—a molecule composed of one carbon atom and two oxygen atoms linked in a line—can be made to vibrate by radiation of the right wavelength. The atoms can rapidly stretch back and forth like a runaway accordion, or they can bend out of line like the “boing” of a spring doorstop when you brush against it.
Oxygen and nitrogen (which account for about 99 percent of our air) are simpler dumbbell-shaped molecules composed of two identical atoms. That removes the option of bending vibration, while stretching the bond has no effect on the electric field (the atoms are identical). So these gases can't interact with radiation in the infrared portion of the spectrum.
CO 2 , along with the other gases we call greenhouse gases, happens to absorb infrared radiation but not solar radiation. If our planet had no atmosphere, there would be a simple balance of incoming and outgoing energy. Sunlight would warm the Earth's surface, which would subsequently emit an equivalent amount of energy as infrared radiation sent back into space. The addition of greenhouse gases changes this by absorbing outgoing infrared radiation, warming up, and then emitting infrared energy both out to space and back down toward the Earth's surface.
As the surface temperature increases, the planet emits even more infrared radiation, attempting to shed heat. Eventually, a new balance is achieved, with outgoing energy equaling the incoming sunlight again, but only after the temperature of the surface and atmosphere have risen. Similarly, a blanket will warm you up in winter, but it won't unceasingly raise your temperature to the point you burst into flames.
While CO 2 lets solar radiation through unperturbed, other gases do interact with it. Ozone—which, as it's composed of three oxygen atoms, can do some vibrational quantum dancing—absorbs ultraviolet radiation in sunlight. In addition to acting as planetary sunscreen, this also causes the ozone layer to warm the stratosphere.
Water vapor is also a potent greenhouse gas, but it can form sunlight-reflecting clouds—meaning water vapor can either cool or warm the Earth, depending on the situation. (Though the net effect of water vapor amplifies global warming caused by CO 2 rather than dampening it.)
Another of Judge Alsup's questions is a fairly common one: “Apart from CO 2 , what happens to the collective heat from tailpipe exhausts, engine radiators, and all other heat from combustion of fossil fuels?”
Given that it's called “global warming,” it's tempting to wonder if the heat we produce is as important as these invisible and abstract greenhouse gases. It actually doesn't take much math to work out the answer, though. The total energy used by humans is currently close to 20 terawatts. Assuming it is all eventually converted to waste heat, that would come out to about 0.04 watts per square meter of the Earth's surface. The total amount of energy added to our climate by human activities, meanwhile, was estimated at 2.3 watts per square meter in the last Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change report.
So the warmth coming out of your car's tailpipe isn't the concern. The carbon dioxide is.
Altered carbon
Judge Alsup's questions also touch on contributors to the CO 2 increase we've measured. Apart from simply asking for the main cause of that increase, he asks how much CO 2 is exhaled by humans and why plants haven't simply turned all the extra CO 2 into oxygen.
These are questions about the carbon cycle—the many interconnected processes by which carbon changes forms and moves throughout the Earth's atmosphere, oceans, land ecosystems, and even rocks. When all these processes are balanced (which was basically the case before the Industrial Revolution), the amount of CO 2 in the atmosphere stays steady. When we began to pull fossil fuels out of the ground and combust them into CO 2 at a massive scale, the carbon cycle was no longer balanced.
There are multiple ways to work out the cause of rising CO 2 . First off, there's simple accounting. Researchers work hard to estimate how much CO 2 is being released by human activities and then compare it to measured changes in the atmosphere, oceans, and land ecosystems. In 2016, for example, it was estimated that human activities released about 11.2 billion tons of carbon, of which the ocean and land ecosystems soaked up about 5.3 billion tons. (The dissolving of CO 2 into the oceans is no free lunch—it's changing the pH of seawater and threatening marine ecosystems.) The remainder matches the increase in atmospheric CO 2 .
This accounting can be informed by analyzing the isotopes of carbon in atmospheric CO 2 —which can be carbon-12, carbon-13, or carbon-14. Since the start of the Industrial Revolution, the relative proportions of these isotopes in the atmosphere have been changing in a way that can only be explained by chucking tons upon tons of carbon-12-dominated fossil fuel CO 2 into the sky.
Judge Alsup's guess that plants should take CO 2 out of the atmosphere is a good one. Life has indeed reduced our impact on atmospheric CO 2 by soaking up some of it. But photosynthetic growth is limited by much more than just the availability of CO 2 (things like water and nutrients matter); otherwise, plants would simply consume all the CO 2 in the atmosphere.
However, the judge guesses incorrectly when he wonders if human respiration could be a significant source of CO 2 . Unless your diet is full of coal, the carbon you exhale ultimately comes from plants (even if you ate the cow that ate the plants), and plants simply borrowed that carbon from atmospheric CO 2 . So breathing can't raise atmospheric CO 2 any more than your gas station's “take a penny, leave a penny” tray can increase the number of coins in circulation.
Whodunnit? Wedunnit, duh.
Judge Alsup's questions also touch on past ice-age cycles in climate and the dominant source of our current warming trend—why did climate change in the past, and why is it changing today?
The rhythmic ice ages of the last several million years were governed by slow-changing cycles in Earth's orbit around the Sun, which sometimes conspired to bring stronger sunlight to the great ice sheets of the Northern Hemisphere. Shrinking ice sheets shifted the carbon cycle in a way that raised atmospheric CO 2 , further warming the planet.
Those orbital cycles are much too slow to explain what we've seen over the last 150 years, and records show that sunlight has not grown stronger. When you compare all the factors that could possibly warm or cool the Earth, it becomes abundantly clear that one factor explains the bulk of modern warming: our greenhouse gas emissions.
While there may be some differences in what the two sides in the case present, there is very little room to dance around these basic facts. As a non-expert, Judge Alsup has asked reasonable questions that should provide him with a rudimentary understanding of climate science. But this hearing will leave us a long way from knowing whether this understanding actually plays a role in the case.
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
Just days after the start of the MLB 2018 season, the Aventura Marketing Council/Chamber of Commerce Chairman's Roundtable introduced baseball's great Derek Jeter, now CEO of the Miami Marlins to its members in an all-star networking luncheon at Gulfstream Park's opulent Sport of Kings room hosted by Seritage Growth Properties' Esplanade at Aventura.
AMC Chair Gary Pyott of Association 1st, joined by Seritage leaders Senior VP Paul D'Arelli and Executive VP Matthew Fernand, welcomed guests along with Gulfstream Park Community Relations Director Nikki Bernstein, Tourism Director Rozeta Mahoubi and Ray Briels, Catering Director, who invited everyone to enjoy live racing Thursdays through Sundays during Gulfstream's spring/summer meet and consider the Sport of Kings Room for corporate and personal events.
Pitching the success story of Seritage Growth Properties, D'arelli explained the mission of the publicly-traded Real Estate Investment Trust is to redevelop and revitalize shopping, dining and mixed use-destination, providing enriched experiences for consumers and local communities. Seritage has purchased 40 million square feet of real estate from Sears Holdings Corporation and is currently developing Esplanade at Aventura on the 12.3-acre parcel formerly occupied by Sears Aventura.
“Esplanade is certainly one of the crown jewels within our portfolio,” D'Arelli said. The Evolved Open-Air luxury retail, dining and entertainment experience slated for Fall 2019 will offer visitors an enhanced destination option in Northeast Miami-Dade.
During the next inning, Fernand introduced Jeter, highlighting his remarkable athleticism and philanthropy. “Derek played his entire 20-year career as the starting shortstop for the New York Yankees and holds numerous club records. He won five World Series, was a 14 time All-Star and a five time winner of both the Golden Glove and Silver Slugger Award.
“In 1996, he started the Turn 2 Foundation, motivating youths to turn away from drugs and turn to healthy lifestyles. His signature initiative is Jeter's Leaders, designed to help youngsters make a positive difference in communities outside their hometowns. This is Derek's first season as CEO of the Miami Marlins and part of the ownership group. His many achievements foreshadow great things to come for the Miami Marlins.”
Cheering on Jeter's commitment to giving back, AMC members learned his Foundation is planning more future events in Miami. “My family has always been big on “if you have a little, give a little; if you have a lot, give a lot,” Jeter said. “People talk about legacy on the field. It's more important to have a great legacy off the field. The Marlins have done a great job giving back to the community. We want to make sure we have the most impact we possibly can.”
During a “lightning round” Q& A session with former Aventura Commissioner, Seritage's consultant Luz Weinberg, Jeter shared some secrets with AMC Members: favorite ice cream flavor is Baskin-Robbins' Gold Medal Ribbon; he only gets about four or five hours of sleep thanks to his 8-month-old daughter; and as a child his parents nicknamed him “old man.” He explained, “They said when I was a kid I walked around like an old man. When you play sports, once you turn 30, everyone calls you “old man”, so they were just preparing me mentally for what was to come, but in the business world, 30 is young!”
Next at bat were fans in the audience who asked Jeter more questions about his winning game plan:
Ben Launerts of Park One of Florida: “How do you keep young players on your team.focused on being positive role models for our community?
Derek Jeter: The Marlins teaches young players how to handle themselves. The one thing I always tried to do when I was playing was being accountable and responsible, and it's not only when you have a uniform on. Everyone who works for us also handles themselves in a first-class manner. If you don't do that, the Marlins is just not the organization for you.
Former Sen. Ron Silver: Watching the games, do you miss being on the field?
Derek Jeter: I think I got the most out of my ability. When I played my last game, I was finished, I gave it my all. Having said that, if I could wake up and play in the World Series, I probably would do that.
Fl. State Rep. Barbara Watson: How can you balance a family life and be on the road constantly?
Derek Jeter: I have the upmost respect for players able to juggle family life and their professional life at the same time. My number one priority was on the field. Since I've been married and had a daughter, it puts everything in perspective. No matter how bad your day is, you come home, you see your family, that's what it's all about.
Young Star Emily Taylor Kaufman: When did you realize you wanted to pursue baseball as a career?
Derek Jeter: I always wanted to be a professional baseball player. I don't think I really realized it was a possibility until I was drafted – that's when my dream came true. Now the dream has changed, and I wanted to be part of an ownership group, helping to ensure the Marlins continues to be a first-class organization. That is my second dream.”
Hitting it out of the park for the most winning quote by the All-Star, Jeter shared, “There's always going to be people who are more talented than you, but there should be no reason someone should out-work you. I'm a firm believer in hard work. Set your goals high and out-work everyone else.”
For more information, visit EsplanadeAtAventura.com and GulfstreamPark.com
Mitch was losing his shirt at the racetrack when he noticed a priest bless the forehead of a long shot lining up for the fourth race. Lo and behold, the horse won. Just before the fifth race, the priest did the same to another horse. So, Mitch placed a small bet on it and won.
That day, Mitch raked in serious money following the priest's lead.
Before the last race, he saw the priest bless the forehead–as well as the eyes, ears and hooves–of one of the horses. Mitch bet every cent he had, then watched the horse come in last. Dumbfounded, he hollered at the priest, “What happened? All day long, you blessed horses and they won. The last race, you blessed a horse and he lost!”
“The problem,” said the priest. “is you can't tell the difference between a simple blessing and the last rites.”
Join fans of 99 KZ Country on Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/99KZCountry
MANAGUA, Nicaragua - Tropical Storm Nate gained force as it roared toward Mexico's Yucatan Peninsula Friday after drenching Central America in rain that was blamed for at least 21 deaths. Forecasters said it is likely to reach the U.S. Gulf Coast as a hurricane over the weekend.
Louisiana officials declared a state of emergency and ordered some people to evacuate coastal areas and barrier islands ahead of its expected landfall early Sunday, and evacuations began at some offshore oil platforms in the Gulf.
The U.S. National Hurricane Center said Nate could cause dangerous flooding by dumping as much as 18 to 25 centimetres of rain as it moved over Honduras, with higher accumulations in a few places.
It had maximum sustained winds of 85 km/h by Friday morning and was likely to strengthen over the northwestern Caribbean Sea on Friday before a possible strike on the Cancun region at the tip of Mexico's Yucatan Peninsula at near-hurricane strength. It could hit the U.S. Gulf coast near New Orleans.
The storm was located about 280 kilometres southeast of Cozumel, Mexico and had accelerated its north-northwest movement to 33 km/h.
In Nicaragua, Nate's arrival followed two weeks of near-constant rain that had left the ground saturated and rivers swollen. Authorities placed the whole country on alert and warned of flooding and landslides.
Nicaragua's vice-president and spokeswoman, Rosario Murillo, said that at least 11 people had died in that country due to the storm. Earlier Thursday she had said 15 people had died before later revising to say some of those were still counted as missing. She didn't give details on all the deaths, but said two women and a man who worked for the Health Ministry were swept away by a flooded canal in the central municipality of Juigalpa.
Costa Rica's Judicial Investigation Organism blamed seven deaths in that country on the storm and said 15 people were missing. Flooding drove 5,000 residents into emergency shelters.
In Honduras, there were three dead and three missing, according to Oscar Triminio, spokesman for the country's firefighters.
Shania Twain has announced her new album Now.
Related: Shania Twain Debuts New Single ‘Life's About to Get Good'
Twain took to social media this afternoon (June 14) to share the album's title, artwork and to let fans know the highly anticipated release will be available on September 29, 2017.
It will be Shania's first new album in fifteen years. She debuted the album first single “Life's About to Get Good” earlier this year at the Stagecoach Festival.
Check out Twain's tweet below.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
New Bristol Rovers signing Ed Upson says Darrell Clarke was a big influence on his decision to join the club after joining the club on a free transfer from MK Dons.
Upson's experience will be valuable to manager Darrell Clarke, having over 300 Football League appearances to his name in all three tiers, and he will be hoping he can have a positive influence to the squad both on and off the field this season.
Talking to the official Bristol Rovers website , Upson explained: “He said (the manager) there's a great bunch of lads, all working in the same direction and there's a great togetherness – and that can go a long way.
(Image: www.jmpuk.com)
"I know that with promotions and with good teams, it's often the togetherness and not the individuals that make it successful.”
Upson is no stranger to the West Country, spending four seasons at Yeovil Town in a spell where the club enjoyed its most successful period in the club's history when they reached the Championship at the end of the 2012/13 season under manager Gary Johnson.
“We probably weren't the best individually in the league but as a team we were spot on, we were all together, we all had our eyes on the same goal and again that goes a long way.”
(Image: www.jmpuk.com)
Upson also has similar hopes for his new club's chances this term, he said: “I'm sure every team will have those same ambitions behind closed doors but I think as a squad and from the manager we definitely want to be up there [pushing for promotion].
The Gas manager Darrell Clarke has brought in Upson to add something extra to the team and the midfielder are well aware of the competition in the squad to make the starting XI:
He said: “That's what I'm here to do and I'm here to fight for my place and make myself a position in the team.
"Competition is always healthy and when you've got good players out there, especially from what I've seen out there so far, it's going to be a strong and competitive squad this year.”
Udinese haven't made an official announcement, but Massimo Oddo has confirmed he's been sacked by the club.
The Zebrette have lost 11 Serie A matches in a row, and Igor Tudor will replace the former Italian international later today.
“I took the opportunity to coach a historic club like Udinese with the enthusiasm of a child,” Oddo wrote on Instagram.
“Self-sacrifice, professionalism and heart were the driving force for me and my staff during the positive period that we experienced and even more in this last negative period.
“We tried everything to get out of these difficulties, certainly some things didn't go the right way, we've definitely made some mistakes but always with a positive attitude.
“You gave us the biggest boost with your unconditional support, which never wavered even in this darkest hour.
“The Friulian people and the Udinese fans showed me to esteem and great affection from day one. I arrived as a guest and I leave as a friend.
“Thank you, Udine. My technical staff and I will never forget Friuli.”
White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders was combative Monday while accusing members of the press of purposefully reporting false information in order to damage the Trump administration.
But when asked to provide an example of purposefully misleading reporting, she cited an erroneous report from ABC News' Brian Ross. However, there's no indication Ross' reporting was purposefully misleading, and Ross was suspended without pay and barred from reporting on Trump in the future by ABC News as a result of the error.
“When journalists make honest mistakes, they should own up to them, sometimes, and a lot of times you don't,” Sanders responded to CNN's Jim Acosta, who had contended that journalists can make honest mistakes without earning the President's “fake news” label.
“But there's a difference– I'm sorry. I'm not finished,” she continued, over a shouted question. “There's a big difference between making honest mistakes and purposefully misleading the American people, something that happens regularly.”
Sanders continued, contending again that she wasn't finished: “You cannot say that it's an honest mistake when you're purposefully putting out information that you know to be false or when you're taking information that hasn't been validated, that hasn't been offered any credibility and that has been continually denied by a number of people including people with direct knowledge of an instance. This is something that — I'm speaking about the number of reports that have taken place over the last couple of weeks. I'm simply stating that there should be a certain level of responsibility in that process.”
Acosta objected: “Can you cite a specific story that you say is intentionally false that was intentionally put out there to mislead the American people?”
“Sure, the ABC report by Brian Ross,” Sanders replied. “I think that was pretty misleading to the American people, and I think that it's very telling that that individual had to be suspended because of that reporting. I think that shows that the network took it seriously and recognized that it was a problem.”
What had begun with a remark about Trump's attacks against the Washington Post's Dave Weigel — for the reporter's choice of photo representing the crowd size at Trump's recent political rally in Pensacola, Florida — had turned into a misleading diatribe by Sanders. She had been asked for proof of purposely misleading reporting, and produced an example, Ross', that was not purposeful.
Ross was suspended after reporting, based on an unnamed source, that Trump had instructed Michael Flynn to reach out to Russia when he was a presidential candidate, rather than as president-elect. The mistake — which would have represented a significant report — made huge waves, and ABC News' corrections admitting Ross' error were slow to arrive.
Watch below via CSPAN:
Think offensive co-ordinator Stef Ptaszek has been told often enough this year yet that he might want to accept any phone calls coming from Canadian universities for head-coaching vacancies?
THE ONLY ONE
Only one Bulldog — Connor Roberts — made it on NHL Central Scouting's Players To Watch List which is an early-season guide to who might be hearing their name called come draft time next June.
However, the team's third-round pick from 2016 was included. Jacob Pivonka chose to go to the United States Development Team instead of coming to Hamilton. And head coach John Gruden's son, Jonathan, made the list. He was a draft pick of the London Knights but also chose to go to the U.S. team.
BEST NAMES ON THE LIST
The best five names on the Central Scouting list that we hope to hear NHL play-by-play guys screaming someday?
1. Nando Eggenberger
2. Jett Woo
3. Shaw Boomhower
4. Jan Sir
5. Matthew Grouchy
In case you're wondering, Grouchy has had only 28 penalty minutes in his year-and-a-bit junior hockey career.
STINGY MAROON
In six games this season, the McMaster Marauders football team has given up 244 fewer points than the Windsor Lancers, who they play next Saturday.
Four times this year already, the Lancers have been within a converted touchdown of giving up as many points as the Marauders have surrendered all season. One afternoon they gave up a staggering 81.
THE BUCK STARTS HERE
With the Ticats playing the Bombers on Friday night, it's time to ask how it is that retired quarterback Buck Pierce suddenly has more national advertising profile today than he ever did while he was playing? That commercial he's in seems to be on every four minutes these days.
STONER-WEAR
Canada's Olympic team will look, well, rather Canadian marching into the stadium at Pyeongchang in February. For the most part, that's a good thing. The overall look is effective. But a few questions for the designers from the Hudson's Bay Company who created the uniforms:
Do a pair of well-worn, loose-laced Greb Kodiaks come with the lumberjack jackets (for the record, we used to call them stoner jackets back in the day while others have referred to them as Huntsville Tuxedos)? Do the Ottawa Redblacks get residuals for the look?
And did we really need our athletes to be decked out in an official Olympic onesie?
BOUNCE-BOUNCE-GOAL
Tickets will soon be on sale for a World Junior's pre-tournament game at FirstOntario Centre. It goes Dec. 22 against Switzerland.
Last time we hosted a warm-up game, John Tavares scored one of the most-astonishing goals in hockey history when he juggled an airborne puck with his stick from behind the net to the front of the net and then batted it in.
CAN WE WATCH THE SOPRANOS ON IT?
The New Jersey Devils are unveiling the biggest in-arena scoreboard in the world this week. It's apparently the same size as 1,300 50-inch TVs and covers more than 9,500 square feet, which would be more expansive than the square footage of most of the biggest houses in this area.
Pretty cool, right? The Devils' president seems to think so.
"(This will) put Newark on the international map," Hugh Weber says.
Sure. That, and having the sixth-highest murder rate in the United States. But let's go with the scoreboard.
sradley@thespec.com
905-526-2440 | @radleyatthespec
Spectator columnist Scott Radley hosts The Scott Radley Show weeknights from 7-9 on 900CHML
Video will play in
'Just stop Daddy.' Harrowing 911 call as politici
Pit Bull attacks owner when she tries to make it
This is the message a mum put on a vodka bottle f
Chloe Khan goes makeup free in revealing swimsuit
Man fighting for life after accident in Sutton Va
Emmerdale SPOILER for 2nd Jan: Why does Kerry con
Watch Tom Hardy's VERY cute CBeebies stint that's
Ronnie and Roxy ride in style in EastEnders
Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell meet their fate in heart
Is this Brandon Block's Big Brother Housemate vid
Watch this video again
BBC reveal ALTERNATE ENDING to New Year's Day dou
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Sherlock fans were extremely excited as the Benedict Cumberbatch drama returned to the BBC after three years last night.
The much-anticipated fourth series sent viewers into meltdown, as Amanda Abbington's character Mary Watson was killed.
But it wasn't just the character's death that got fans talking, as some noticed a huge mistake early on.
In one scene, Martin Freeman's character Dr John Watson is typing up a blog post, revealing he's going to be a father.
Or so viewers were led to believe…
(Photo: BBC)
(Photo: BBC)
Some eagle-eyed fans noticed Watson's blog was actually just a picture file titled ‘John Blog Page.jpg.”
Along with a screenshot, one Twitter user posted: “IM CRYING THEY HAVE HIM TYPING NOTHING ON AN IMAGE FILE THATS NAMED ‘JOHN BLOG PAGE.jpg' #Sherlock.”
Another noticed: “That awkward moment when John Watson is typing on a jpg image file... #Sherlock #SherlockSeason4.”
Sherlock fans were shocked when John Watson's wife Mary was last night killed as she saved the life of the detective.
(Photo: BBC)
(Photo: BBC)
Mary jumped in the way of a bullet bound for Sherlock Holmes, played by Benedict Cumberbatch.
The death of the character, who had just welcomed her first child, Rosamund, with husband John - Amanda's former real-life partner, Martin Freeman - sent viewers crazy.
*Sherlock continues on BBC One on Sunday at 9pm
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Usain Bolt's athletics career finale didn't go to plan with the fastest man of all time breaking down on the home straight of the 4x100m relay in London.
But a lifelong dream for the now-retired Jamaican sprinter could become a reality at Old Trafford.
It has been reported that Bolt is to be named in the star-studded line-up for Manchester United's legends match against Barcelona.
Now after a career of dominating his opponents on the track, Bolt has race against the clock to be fit to play in the match.
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: Rex Features)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Bolt is recovering from a hamstring injury suffered in the relay and has until September 2 to be ready.
“This has been his dream for many years. He's desperate to do it as long as he can get over the injury,” a source told The Sun.
Man United Legends manager Bryan Robson will welcome Bolt's speed to the line up which includes the likes of Edwin van der Sar, Paul Scholes, Dwight Yorke and Phil Neville.
(Image: AFP)
(Image: Getty)
Other former Red Devils stars include Denis Irwin, Ronny Johnsen, Louis Saha, Mikaël Silvestre, Jesper Blomqvist, Quinton Fortune and Dion Dublin.
The Catalan legends will be managed by Jose Mari Bakero, with stars including Gaizka Mendiaeta, Eric Abidal, Migel Angel Nadal, Gheorghe Popescu, Ion Andoni Goikoetxea and Julio Salinas.
Chandigarh: Jat leader Yashpal Malik, who spearheaded an agitation for reservation in government jobs and educational institutions, was slapped on Monday in a Haryana village, leading to a free-for-all in which nearly 20 persons were injured.
Malik, along with other Jat leaders, had gone to address a community rally at Samain village near Tohana in Fatehabad district, around 170 km from here. There a person slapped him.
The attacker was overpowered by supporters of Malik even as a clash ensued between his supporters and the rival group. Nearly 20 persons were injured in the fracas.
Police used force to disperse the rival groups.
Malik claimed an "attempt on his life" and blamed a senior Jat leader in the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party in Haryana for the incident.
Tension prevailed in the area. Police reinforcements were rushed to control the situation.
"We are keeping a close watch. Investigation is on to know those behind the attack," a Haryana Police officer said here.
Malik is President of All India Jat Aarakshan Sangharsh Samiti (AIJASS), which had spearheaded the agitation in support of the reservation demand in January 2016, which continued for over 50 days.
The AIJASS had threatened to lay a seige to Delhi and hold a protest outside Parliament on March 20 over Jat reservation issue but called off the protest at the last minute following an agreement with the BJP government in Haryana.
Their demands included reservation for Jats, jobs to the next of kin of those killed in violence in the 2016 Jat agitation, compensation to those injured, withdrawal of cases against them and action against the officers who ordered action against the Jats among others.
At least 30 persons were killed, over 200 injured and government and private property worth crores of rupees damaged during the violence in February 2016.
Players traditionally loved suiting up for him because of his reputation for creating a winning atmosphere and protecting his athletes. During the regular season, Matthews' teams rarely hit during practice and he routinely allowed his players to participate in creating the weekly game plan.
But he was also a controversial figure who had a high-risk, high-reward philosophy.
The Hall of Famer, who died Wednesday at the age of 77, was one of the most prolific coaches in CFL history with 231 wins and 10 Grey Cups on his resume.
A larger-than-life character with a sharp wit who thrived in the spotlight, Don Matthews took wicked pleasure in keeping people around him on edge with his abrasive, no-nonsense style.
“He was a player's coach but he was also the boss and everybody knew that.”
“It's that balance and to do that you must be brilliant,” said running back/slotback Mike (Pinball) Clemons, who won two Grey Cups over three seasons playing for Matthews in Toronto. “Some people try to be a player's coach but they let it go too far and the players run the roost.
Yet he maintained his distance. While known for being a “player's coach,” he could also be ruthless when it came to making tough personnel decisions and he wasn't afraid to bench a veteran or cut him outright if he wasn't producing.
Matthews was also brutally honest, a trait reporter covering his teams knew well as he would call them out publicly for asking what he deemed to be an inappropriate question.
But even the press corps respected him, voting Matthews the CFL's coach of the year five times.
The Toronto Argonauts said he died Wednesday morning in Beaverton, Ore. He had announced in 2012 he was battling cancer.
In a statement, the CFL called Matthews “one of a kind.”
“Upon hearing of the passing of Don Matthews, the Canadian Football League family is both deeply saddened by this loss and grateful for his many contributions to our league,” the statement said.
Charismatic and brash with a sandpaper personality, Matthews was also a CFL winner from the beginning.
The native of Amesbury, Mass., who eventually became a Canadian citizen, began his CFL coaching career as an assistant with the Edmonton Eskimos in 1977 before being promoted to defensive co-ordinator the following season. He helped the club win five straight Grey Cup titles from 1978 to ‘82 before being named the B.C. Lions head coach in 1983.
Matthews spent 22 seasons as a CFL head coach with B.C., Baltimore, Saskatchewan, Edmonton, Toronto and Montreal, reaching the Grey Cup nine times and winning a record five championships as a head coach. He was inducted into the Canadian Football Hall of Fame in 2011.
“He was, quite frankly, the best leader I've ever been around,” Clemons said. “He taught me so much and the majority of those lessons you didn't realize were lessons until after the experience when you realized you walked away with more than you gave, more than you were promised and much more than you were entitled to.
“He was magical in his approach, he was infectious. But uniquely, he had a way of bringing out the best in people, he put you in the best position to be successful.”
And that included Clemons, who said Matthews allowed him to be a full-time running back for the first time in his career in 1996. That season, Clemons had more receiving yards (1,268) than rushing (286), which was a break from the football norm.
“He changed his philosophy, he changed the game to accommodate my skill set in a time where that really didn't happen,” Clemons said.
Matthews' influence on Clemons continued when he served as Argos head coach from 2000 to 2007.
“I think I was true enough to who I was, I didn't try to be him because you couldn't,” Clemons said. “There was only one Don Matthews.
“While I didn't try to be him, much of who he is become who I was because of his influence.”
More often, the public's view of Matthews was as a free-spirited straight shooter who was never lacking in self confidence. He was passionate about riding big motorcycles and launched a CD and video of the rallying chant “What Time is It?” based on a speech he gave during the Montreal Alouettes' 2002 Grey Cup victory parade.
But there were physical signs late in his career that time had caught up with Matthews. His face had become rounder and often appeared more flush. He was known to use a golf cart to get around during Alouettes practice, rather than walk.
Prior to the 2004 East Division final versus Toronto, Matthews downplayed his reputation, saying “I have a passion for milk and cookies. I have a way more boring life than some of you might think.”
But Matthews was anything but boring.
He was a master at moulding players to suit his systems. Routinely his defences were ranked at or near the top of most CFL categories, yet his players were well down in the individual statistical races.
Matthews was never afraid to put it on the line in a big game and in 2003, he rode an attacking, blitzing Alouettes defence into the 2003 Grey Cup despite having rookies D.J. Johnson and Brandon Williams at cornerback.
He stubbornly refused to change his philosophy in the CFL title game that year, choosing to blitz freely throughout and put Johnson and Williams in man coverage against more experienced receivers. The move backfired as Edmonton quarterback Ricky Ray continually victimized Johnson and Williams in leading the Eskimos to a 34-22 victory.
Though he rarely showed it publicly, Matthews also had a softer side.
When he was Argos head coach, he attended a book launch for Clemons. Matthews was holding Clemons' baby daughter Raven during the news conference when she began to squirm. To calm the little girl, Matthews removed one of her shoes and gently rubbed the bottom of her foot, settling her down immediately.
“That's really what I think was unique about him, he was a man of all seasons,” Clemons said. “Most of the time people don't do it and you discourage leaders to do that mostly because they can't.
“The key thing here was he could and he did. He had this wonderful personal touch and he changed lives.”
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
MACKARE
SCRANTON — Police arrested a 26-year-old Larksville woman under suspicion of DUI after she knocked over a street light pole with her car in the city's downtown early Sunday morning.
Laine Mackare drove her Nissan Altima over the curb and up onto the sidewalk at the pedestrian island at the intersection of Jefferson Avenue and Spruce Street, Scranton Police Lt. Marty Crofton said.
The crash occurred at about 2:40 a.m. on New Year's Day.
Police escorted Ms. Mackare to Regional Hospital for a blood alcohol test. The results will be ready in a few days, Lt. Crofton said.
— PETER CAMERON
× Expand Five Star and Metropolitan Water Reclamation District of Greater Chicago enjoy WEFTEC 2017
Joe Ford of Metropolitan Water Reclamation District of Greater Chicago, Michael Bertolani and Paul Matz of Five Star enjoy WEFTEC 2017 in Chicago, Illinois.
The central Illinois men being held without bond on bomb plot charges are part of an anti-government militia group that "uses guerilla warfare tactics" to take back America.During online videos that have been linked to the defendants, several masked men pledge allegiance to the "White Rabbit Three Percent Illinois Patriot Freedom Fighters Militia."According to federal investigators, the 47-year old ringleader Michael Hari enlisted two other residents of Clarence, Illinois--Michael McWhorter, 29 and Joe Morris, 22 in a bombing plot at two Midwestern locations. Last August the trio drove to Bloomington, Minnesota and blew up a mosque there, court records state. Prosecutors say McWhorter told officials the attack was aimed at scaring Muslims into leaving the U.S.A second, similar device was found last November inside a women's clinic that conducts abortions in downstate Champaign. That bomb never detonated but was eventually traced to the Hari group, investigators said.A fourth suspect-McWhorter's stepson Ellis Mack, 19-is also being held without bond on a charge of possessing a machine gun. Mack, McWhorter and Hari are scheduled to face preliminary hearings in federal court on Wednesday afternoon.All four men are believed to have been involved in White Rabbit militia meetings at Hari's business in Clarence.Following raids the past few months on several properties connected to the men, videos were posted describing the police actions and "sending out a request for more militia to come and help us take our town back." During raids that prompted that video post, authorities seized what appeared to be bomb-making materials and numerous guns.The men in the videos, while partially masked, appear to include those who were arrested and now face federal charges in Illinois and Minnesota.The videos are posted to a YouTube channel entitled "Illinois Patriot" and accuse the government of being "illegitimate.""We need you to come and stand with us" states one of the speakers on video, encouraging militia members and other anti-government extremists that believe there is a conspiracy underway to take guns from Americans and enslave them-part of the so-called "Follow the White Rabbit" conspiracy theory.The full name of their group, "White Rabbit Three Percent Illinois Patriot Freedom Fighters Militia" includes a reference to the apparently false factoid that only 3 percent of American colonists fought in the Revolution against the British government.One White Rabbit Militia sect speaker encourages his brothers in arms. "Is there anything left that they could take from us?" the video talking head asks. "Oh, you say, 'We still have our guns.' Well what good are they if they don't use them. The country is turned into a police state."Then, the man cautions: "I'm not saying go out and shoot someone...we are 100% against that kind of violence."The group even shows off its own White Rabbit money-local currency issued by some residents of downstate Illinois-that features a depiction of Confederate commander Robert E. Lee.As the I-Team reported last week, Hari was also bidding on construction of the border wall between the U.S. and Mexico championed by President Trump.According to one White Rabbit video: "We don't do terrorism. We don't do assassination. We don't murder policemen. That's not the kind of revolution this is. This is an armed resistance revolution."The small band of anti-government radicals appears similar to a militia group known as the "Hutaree" that was planning to revolt against the government a decade ago. As the I-Team uncovered in 2010, Hutaree members in Indiana and Michigan underwent commando training in Michigan woodlands while preparing for an armed uprising. Most of the Hutarees were acquitted of the most serious charges against them. Several pleaded guilty to possessing a machine gun.As do many militia groups, the Hutaree had an anti-government manifesto that outlined their positions and tactics. Similarly, there is "The White Rabbit Handbook" that proclaims "We Want Our Old America Back" encouraging a return to "the good old days."According to the handbook, they are not a right wing group. "They are mainstream Americans of the good old days, purging the socialist, communist, nazi (sic), and feminist leaven from the land and returning it to self-government." Like rabbits, "They hit. They run. They hide."
Elizabeth Turner, a model … a lively bar called, “Redneck Heaven” is opening in San Antonio … “Florida family discovers boa constrictor living in attic for years” … it was a bad summer for movie studio chains … a bear broke into an SUV, took it far a ride, pooped, and crashed the vehicle … Jennifer Lawrence remains awesome … bummer to read: “The New Copycats: How Facebook Squashes Competition From Startups” … Applebee's is closing over 100 locations, blames millennials … warning: Sad. “Widowed Early, A Cancer Doctor Writes About The Harm Of Medical Debt” … a white supremacist drove his car into a crowd of protestors and killed a 32-year old Charlottesville woman … here are details on the white supremacist, who was a Trump supporter from Ohio …
Jerry Jones vs. Roger Goodell is the next big NFL showdown; the Cowboys are going to miss the playoffs, and interviews with Peter King of MMQB, former Jets safety Kerry Rhodes, and my favorite gambler. [Full 3-Hour Fox Sports Radio Show; Best-of 30-Minute Podcast]
Athletes who play professionally in the Silicon Valley would be wise to follow Andre Iguodala's lead for a post-career in the technology space. [Sport Techie]
This has been an aggressive year – verbally, at least – for David Shaw of Stanford. [Mercury News]
“The 2007 Patriots built the modern NFL.” [The Ringer]
This is a good read about one of the best players in LaSalle basketball history, Michael Brooks, who died in 2016. [Philly.com]
Evelyn Lozada has called off her engagement to Carl Crawford. Her camp is claiming infidelity. [Us Weekly]
Muggsy Bogues was part of one of the best high school basketball teams of all-time at Dunbar in the early 1980s, but he had to pretend he wanted to be a dental hygienist to get in. [The Postgame]
Powerful story on how Silicon Valley taking over journalism – as what happened at the New Republic – rarely works out. [The Atlantic]
This is something out of a movie: A car falling seven stories, head first. Happened in Austin, Texas.
Here's the Jennifer Lawrence “pole dancing” video that was mentioned in the article above.
By The Associated Press
tx <
$vscores3 <
MIDWEST
Adrian 81, Finlandia 62<
Ball St. 126, Oakland City 55<
Creighton 72, Omaha 51<
Green Bay 76, Loyola of Chicago 39<
Illinois 73, Detroit 65<
Illinois St. 65, E. Michigan 56<
Iowa St. 99, NC Central 58<
Marquette 83, Army 53<
Michigan 54, Kent St. 41<
Milwaukee 60, Fort Wayne 48<
Missouri 78, SIU-Edwardsville 48<
Missouri St. 76, Oral Roberts 66<
Morehead St. 82, Evansville 75<
N. Iowa 92, Wis.-Parkside 62<
Northwestern 68, Stony Brook 36<
Oakland 104, Michigan-Dearborn 44<
Ohio 77, Purdue 71<
Valparaiso 71, Chicago St. 60<
W. Kentucky 75, S. Illinois 49<
Wis.-River Falls 70, Concordia (Moor.) 60<
Wisconsin 82, Savannah St. 24<
Xavier 53, Cincinnati 50<
MORE
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
John Hunt, left, and Corey Norris were arrested on drug and weapon charges after a traffic stop in Kershaw County, SC, on Monday, April 23, 2018. Kershaw County Sheriff's Office
TORONTO -- The Blue Jays hanged a "#TorontoStrong" banner here at Rogers Centre.
A driver killed 10 people and injured 15 others when he drove a rented van onto a crowded sidewalk yesterday. The motive still is unknown.
The Red Sox spent their day off yesterday in Toronto. They play the Blue Jays today, tomorrow and Thursday at Rogers Centre.
"Before we start, my thoughts and prayers to the people of Toronto," Red Sox manager Alex Cora said at the beginning of his pregame media availability. "It's ironic. You're here and you've got an off day and you're hanging out and all of a sudden that happens, it puts everything in perspective.
"You guys understand how I feel about the game of baseball, how passionate I am," Cora added. "But that's why I'm trying to tell people: the game is not more important than life. There's stuff out there that on a personal note, it makes you sick just to think about it. But me, the Boston Red Sox and everybody that has to do with the organization, we're with you guys in Toronto. Toronto Strong. Our thoughts and prayers to everybody."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
There is something bout football which makes even the most rational person start believing in fairy stories.
That penalties are cursed, Wembley has magic turf and it is possible to return to 1966 when everyone was young and beautiful and tra-la-la.
Stuff science, and probabilities, and the fact Wembley gets re-seeded every year, receives no direct sunlight for 6 months and its grass is grown using underground heaters and a system of perambulatory polytunnels.
Ignore the dementia, the effect of allegedly-meat pies on your digestion and that in 1966 England was mostly dank, poor and miserable with 3 million people living in actual, genuine, foul, slums.
The Beatles' music didn't make it bearable; the fact they were poor kids did.
And with football the magic does not happen on the pitch. The spells are woven in the stands.
(Image: TASS)
It is not what we see unfold that makes us gasp or groan. It is the people around us who do the same, the unity and openness of high emotion, and the ability to be, for 90 minutes or so, a tribe.
In a world where we are increasingly individualised by -isms and isolated from one another by technology, where we date and work and skive online, we trek to the stadium, pub or TV set to reconnect.
That's why we chant, even when it's nasty. Not to cheer or cajole the team, but to rouse ourselves or our enemies. For a brief period we enjoy a near-psychic link to thousands of others, a phenomenon by which a complex joke, biting social commentary or vicious put-down can leap through a crowd quicker than a summer cold.
We are not I, at a football match. We are us.
(Image: David Ramos - FIFA)
Academic studies have shown that football chants are the modern-day version of folk music or storytelling, an oral tradition that stretches back to the cave and the campfire.
We sing to bond and share. Some chants are historic, others spontaneous, but they function to remind us we are one.
One bit of recent research found that if you make one group of people march up and down in unison, and let another group just walk as they wish, when you ask them both to feed woodlice into a mincer those who marched together are more likely to do as they're told.
It may sound grim - the woodlice were fine, it was a pretend mincer - but there is an evolutionary purpose to that unity. It not only makes the tribe a more effective fighting and hunting force, but it binds a community together, from toddlers to grandparents.
(Image: London News Pictures Ltd)
Best Harry Kane penalty memes from England's World Cup victory against Colombia
Losing doesn't really matter because you still get all that, plus the best sort of angry sadness, when you know you're not alone and it's definitely someone else's fault.
Winning, in that context, is just the cherry on the top.
That's why mums, children, grandparents, brothers, workmates, coppers and thieves alike all watch the match, despite the idiots and racism you sometimes see. And that's also why, when idiots are racist in a crowd, it matters.
We do not think, at a football match. We feel. We are infected with joy, victory, agony, despair. We are normal people with ordinary lives and then, for a bit, we are the Chosen Ones who can be lifted to glory by the capricious hand of fate.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
So when England beat Colombia on penalties it was "redemption" for manager Gareth Southgate, rather than preparedness. He served a biblical exile for 22 years after missing a shot in 1996 and now the prodigal son can be welcomed to the nation's bosom once more.
At least until fate abandons him again.
Never mind that, having personal experience of the pressure of a penalty shoot-out, the current England manager might have been better at his job than a lot of his predecessors.
That's the job we pay him £1.8m a year for, and expect him to do well at, because leaving things like that up to fate would be MADNESS.
When Jordan Pickford saved one penalty he became a man touched by destiny, despite the fact he hadn't saved the other one because Mateus Uribe hit the crossbar.
It should actually mean he was a man touched by good luck, because if Uribe hadn't gone off-target the match would have gone to sudden death and half of us would have gone behind the sofa.
You're more likely to miss penalties the longer they go on - and 1 in 5 are saved. Pickford did no more than a statistician would expect, but he's still a prince in our eyes.
(Image: Joosep Martinson - FIFA)
People are only saying football's coming home because the 30 and 40-somethings who currently form the bulk of supporters, and also idle their time away on social media, sang that song 22 years ago when the Lightning Seeds was a band rather than a new gadget for the greenhouse.
Everyone loved what Gareth Southgate did after England won penalty shoot-out against Colombia
It's not coming home, because football doesn't belong in England rather than somewhere else. It's not coming home because of Wembley's turf or Gazza's tears or even because it's about bloody time.
It's not even coming home because of the rational explanation that we had an easy group, cheats never prosper and most of the favourites have been knocked out so the tournament is one big, open goal so long as no-one is stupid enough to upset Vladimir Putin and get the whole stadium crop-dusted with Novichok.
Football is not coming home for the simple reason it never left. What football is and means is right here, in our hearts and minds. It always was and will be, because there is no way for a computer to replicate a sense of human unity.
The only fairytale is that we need to have a fairytale to believe in. The magic is that, even when we realise it's a myth, we still believe in the magic.
National director of public prosecutions Shaun Abrahams has extended President Jacob Zuma's deadline to explain why he should not face corruption charges‚ eNCA reported on Monday.
Zuma now has until 31 January next year to make a submission to Abrahams on why the case against him should be dropped. His initial deadline had been November 30 but the president requested more time to consult with his lawyers.
Abrahams has to decide whether or not to pursue 783 charges against Zuma. However‚ Abrahams's own future is uncertain after the High Court in Pretoria ruled last week that the prosecution boss's appointment was invalid.
The court gave the National Prosecuting Authority 60 days to appoint Abrahams's replacement but said Zuma was not in a position to find a successor since he was conflicted as a result of the hanging charges. The court ruled that Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa should find a replacement for Abrahams.
Abrahams has been accused of protecting Zuma from prosecution. Both Zuma and Abrahams have indicated that they will appeal last week's ruling.
I was in a meeting recently with someone who works for a high-end audio company. He told me about his boss, who stands by the belief that when you're listening to music you love, the quality of the sound is irrelevant. You bop along with the song whether you're listening to an MP3 on cheap earbuds, or whether it's playing from around the corner on an ancient radio on a street cart. The only thing high-quality sound gives you is your desire to seek it out more often, or perhaps, spend more time with it.
The mosques of Kyrgyzstan ask to lower the tariff for electricity. This was announced today at a meeting of the parliamentary committee on the fuel and energy complex and subsoil use.
According to the State Agency for Regulation of the Fuel and Energy Complex, the government decree defines 7 consumer groups in the republic. Under the current tariff, there are no benefits for individual groups. The mosques and madrassas ask to lower the tariffs, as they were classified as a commercial group. However, if to develop lower tariffs for them, then the rights of other consumers will be violated, the agency belives.
Tariff for non-residential consumers (budget, industrial, agricultural, other) is 2.24 soms per kilowatt-hour.
Chairman of the committee Kozhobek Ryspaev didn't agree with the representative of the agency. «Mosques don't have production. They work for the benefit of society. The question was sent to us for consideration by the speaker of the Parliament. I built the mosque myself. Sometimes you have to pay out of your pocket for electricity. You are afraid that then children's homes will ask to lower the tariff. But why should they pay under such a tariff?» the deputy said.
Share 0
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers have signed six players to future/reserve contracts, including several former practice squad players. The Bucs have signed former practice squad running back Blake Sims and former practice squad safety Isaiah Johnson, in addition to former practice squad tight end Tevin Westbrook.
The Bucs also added offensive lineman Mike Liedtke, who was on the Bucs' practice squad beginning in November after spending time in Miami, the New York Jets, Cleveland and Kansas City during the year, in addition to longtime Tampa Bay practice squad offensive lineman Josh Allen and cornerback Cody Riggs.
Blake, who was signed to the Bucs' practice squad in late December, was the starting quarterback at Alabama in 2014 where he completed 275-of-430 passes (64 percent) for 3,731 yards with 30 touchdowns and 10 interceptions. He also rushed for 705 yards and nine touchdowns on 150 carries (4.7 avg.) and adds some depth in the Bucs' backfield as Doug Martin's future in Tampa Bay is in doubt given the fact that he will start the 2017 season with a three-game suspension and has seeking help for a substance abuse problem.
Sims went 12-2 during his senior season for the Crimson Tide and an SEC Championship in a 42-13 win over Missouri. Alabama's season ended in a 42-35 Sugar Bowl loss to Ohio State in the college football playoffs semifinal.
The 5-foot-11, 218-pound Sims, who spent time on Atlanta's practice squad this season after getting try-out looks from Green Bay and Washington last year, ran a 4.57 at the NFL Scouting Combine, but has timed as fast as 4.49 at Alabama.
LOS ANGELES — Monique Billings got the 40th double-double of her career with 14 points and 16 rebounds to lead No. 9 UCLA over USC 59-46 on Friday night.
Jordin Canada added 16 points, and the Bruins (18-4, 9-2 Pac-12) won their seventh consecutive game.
USC (15-7, 5-6) struggled mightily against the UCLA zone in the first half and shot many 3-pointers it didn't want to take. Not much was working in the first half for the Trojans offensively as they were 6 for 29 from the field and just 1 for 14 from 3-point range.
Kristen Simon led USC with 15 points and 12 rebounds.
The Trojans played better in the second half, cutting UCLA's lead to single digits in the third and fourth quarters.
Canada needed just two points to move into third place on UCLA's career scoring list, and she did that and then some, surpassing Rehema Stephens. Canada has 1,901 career points.
When USC cut the lead to nine points at 42-33 on Kristen Simon's basket before the third-quarter buzzer, UCLA answered with consecutive baskets from Canada and Billings to push the lead back to double digits.
BIG PICTURE
USC: The Trojans have work to do this weekend if they're to avenge this loss — UCLA and USC meet again in three days.
UCLA: The Bruins put together one of their best defensive outings of the season in the first half, and that's something they can build on for the final seven regular season conference games.
While it's no secret that Taylor Swift has a soft spot for the Brits, Sunday night's foray across the pond to perform at London's Jingle Bell Ball was an evening to remember.
After bringing the house down the night before at New York City's Jingle Ball, the Grammy Award–winning songstress appeared to be in high spirits as she crossed the Atlantic to perform in British beau Joe Alwyn's home country.
The duo made headlines with a rare public outing on Saturday evening in the Big Apple and then continued their PDA streak with plenty of romance at the big concert in London.
As the “Shake It Off” songstress—dressed in a sequined crop top and teal velvet shorts—slayed hits like “... Ready for It,” “Look What You Made Me Do,” and “Gorgeous,” which is reportedly about the Mary Queen of Scots actor, Swifties couldn't help but notice the English star sweetly filming his girlfriend during her set.
MY CAMERA SUCKS BUT MY LIFE DOESNT pic.twitter.com/cZ1f886RBz — kris (@allltooswift) December 10, 2017
Isabel Infantes - PA Images/Getty
And the pair only continued to up the love as Swift's longtime BFF British crooner Ed Sheeran headed to the stage, Entertainment Tonight reports.
RELATED: Taylor Swift and Joe Alwyn Hold Hands in N.Y.C. During Rare Sighting
Several fans shared photos of the inseparable duo enjoying an intimate moment in the audience, while another noted that the smitten pair danced along to the tunes.
Taylor and Joe Alwyn watching the Jingle Bell Ball together💗💗💗 A post shared by Taylor Swift Updates (@taylorswift.updates) on Dec 10, 2017 at 2:26pm PST
THEY LITERALLY SLOW DANCED TO ALL EDS SONGS WITH THEIR ARMS AROUND ONE ANOTHER AND JUST KEPT LOOKING AT EACH OTHER AND KISSING — kris (@allltooswift) December 10, 2017
Looks like this couple's romance is only continuing to heat up as the year comes to a close!
Myanmar has denied almost all allegations of human rights abuses in northern Rakhine State, where many Rohingya live, and says a lawful counterinsurgency campaign has been under way since nine policemen were killed in attacks on security posts near the Bangladesh border on Oct. 9.
The military said last week it was setting up a team to investigate alleged atrocities by the security forces and the interior ministry followed that up on the weekend with a promise to investigate police. The Home Ministry said in a statement a “departmental inquiry” would be conducted “to find out whether the police forces have committed illegal actions including violations of human rights during their area clearance operations”. The ministry, which is controlled by the military, said action would be taken against personnel “who failed to follow instructions”. “The UN report provides many detailed accounts of what allegedly happened, and that's why an investigation committee was set up to respond to the report with evidence,” Police Colonel Myo Thu Soe told Reuters on Monday. “The UN report includes very serious human rights abuses allegations against police in Myanmar including rape. But as we know, it did not happen,” he said. Separately, five policemen have been sentenced to two months detention after a video appeared online showing them abusing Muslims during an operation aimed at rooting out suspected militants in Rakhine State, Myo Thu Soe said. In addition, three senior police officers involved in the case have been demoted, he added. It is rare in Myanmar for security forces to be held accountable for abuses, or for such allegations to be investigated transparently, rights groups say. Almost 69,000 Rohingyas have fled from Myanmar to Bangladesh since the security force sweep was launched in October, according to UN estimates. More than 1,000 Rohingya Muslims may have been killed in the crackdown, two senior UN officials dealing with refugees fleeing the violence said last week. A Myanmar presidential spokesman said the latest reports from military commanders were that fewer than 100 people had been killed in the counterinsurgency operation. Rohingya have faced discrimination in Myanmar for generations. They are not classified as a distinct group under citizenship laws and are regarded instead as illegal immigrants from Bangladesh, entitled only to limited rights. About 1.1 million Rohingya live in apartheid-like conditions in northwestern Myanmar. The violence has renewed international criticism that Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi has done too little to help members of the Muslim minority.
Some of the recent hardening of yields seems to be driven by fears in trading rooms that inflation will breach RBI's target, but that's unlikely to happen over the medium term. Photo: Aniruddha Chowdhury/Mint
Indian financial conditions have begun to tighten once again. Call money rates, bond yields and the rupee have climbed in the past few days.
This hardening of financial conditions comes around a week after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) cancelled a proposed bond sale because of what it described as the evolving liquidity situation, on the same day that the ratings upgrade by Moody's Investor Service reduced the risk of holding Indian government bonds. The cancellation of the open market operation as well as the ratings upgrade has helped bond yields ease.
The massive excess liquidity generated in the wake of demonetisation has begun to dry up thanks to some deft handling of the money market by the central bank. However, the reduction in excess liquidity has been happening since around May.
Some of the recent hardening of yields seems to be driven by fears in trading rooms that inflation will breach the central bank's target. Inflation has been climbing sharply since it hit a low in June—but it is unlikely to go out of control over the medium term.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Police respond to a report of an explosion near Times Square on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017, in New York. (AP Photo/Charles Zoeller)
NEW YORK (AP) — A law enforcement official says what is believed to be an explosive device has been set off on Manhattan subway platform.
The explosion happened around 7:30 a.m. Monday. Details were still developing.
A person was arrested and has non-life-threatening injuries.
There was no immediate word of any other injuries.
The official spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the incident.
Passengers were evacuated as a precaution from the subway line where the explosion happened, near 40th Street and Eighth Avenue.
Meet Naia Izumi, The 2018 Tiny Desk Contest Winner
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy of the artist Courtesy of the artist
After months of searching, the fourth annual Tiny Desk Contest winner has been announced!
Naia Izumi is a 34-year-old musician from Columbus, Ga. who now lives in Los Angeles and busks on that city's streets. With a plethora of self-released music on Bandcamp and a skilled, soulful Tiny Desk Contest submission, he impressed our Contest judges enough to stand out from nearly 5,000 entries.
Izumi's submission for the contest, "Soft Spoken," showcases both his undeniable talent and charismatic personality. Izumi was assigned male at birth and — though he currently identifies as male — identified as a woman for about seven years (and originally titled the track "Soft Spoken Woman"). The song of his winning entry was written in order to try to address dealing with prejudices both social and artistic.
"I was experiencing a lot of people [who would] just kind of over-talk me, or downplay my abilities because of how I presented myself," Izumi says.
YouTube
Izumi got his first guitar as a child — he estimates he was between eight and 10 years old — and began to experiment immediately. Though he quickly became obsessed with making music, Izumi says wasn't always encouraged to pursue his passion. While his mother, a part-time choir director, supported it, his father didn't want him to play. "I had to hide that guitar in my closet," he remembers.
He now prides himself in making declarative music, writing songs that are a stark contrast to his timid personality — but Izumi, who has openly discussed living with autism, says that music is his refuge.
"[It's] having all this power that I can use to express myself," Izumi says, citing that he is a multi-instrumentalist and producer as well as a performer.
Having gone through so much for the love of music, Izumi welcomes the idea of being seen as a role model for young musicians in the wake of winning the Tiny Desk Contest.
"Honestly, I'm kind of ready for it," Izumi says. "I get comments sometimes like, 'You're so talented.' It's not talent, it's work. It's something anybody can do, you just have to put in the hours."
Image: iStock
While competition online starts the same way as that in offline markets, my research shows it often settles very differently online.
Both have seen lots of competitors emerge in a new area underpinned by new technologies. But online, consolidation ends in a high-stakes winner-takes-most “title fight” between the two strongest players.
Read more: Why there's no Pepsi in cyberspace
In search this was AltaVista vs Google, in social media it was MySpace vs Facebook and in business networking Spoke vs LinkedIn. The result is that the victor at this critical juncture goes on to dominate their corner of the market and becomes almost unassailable in that space.
Source: Online Gravity
The evidence is mounting that Swedish music streaming company Spotify is on the verge of seizing the crown in music.
Pandora has been for some time the dominant real-time streaming service in the United States. Three years ago it had a clear lead but competition from Spotify appears to be stronger than ever. Pandora was a mass market pioneer in the online “radio” style streaming format where users pick stations and the music is compiled for them, whereas Spotify adopted an on-demand model which has prevailed.
Spotify has created many features that has made it popular with users like the ability to create and swap playlists.
Read more: How data is transforming the music industry
In the United States, Pandora has more monthly active users than Spotify, Shazam, Soundcloud and Amazon Music, according to App Annie. While Pandora has dominated in the United States its success in other markets has not been so strong. In Australia and New Zealand, for example, it recently closed its service and Jane Huxley, former managing director of Pandora Australia and New Zealand who resigned in March was just announced in the same role at Spotify.
giuseppemilo/flickr
Spotify also has a massive global subscriber base - many of whom are paying higher per user fees than Pandora. It now looks likely to take the global lead for three reasons:
Explosive new user growth Growing investor valuations Attraction of technology talent
Explosive new user growth
While the category of streaming music still is in its infancy, new users are critical to success. And this is where Spotify is killing it. In the context of Apps, new users are all about downloads and for the best part of 2017, Spotify has taken the crown of #1 most downloaded music app in the United States on iOS. So while Pandora is still currently ahead in monthly active users, at this rate it won't be long before Spotify takes the lead overall.
Online Gravity with data from App Annie, 2017.
Growing investor valuations
Investors always have a forward looking view. Companies are valued not on what they are doing today but what investors expect from them in terms of future growth and performance. While still private, and with rumours of a stock market listing later this year, Spotify is now valued by investors at more than US$13 billion - over five times the current value of publicly listed Pandora which is currently US$2.3 billion.
Attraction of technology talent
The success of all online ventures is fuelled by technology talent. And many of the people in the tech sector have their antennae tuned to who is hot and who is not.
You can now use data to examine which companies are the most desirable destinations for software developers and tech talent by looking not at what people say, but where they go. When people leave one company to go work for another that creates a data point, and when you have lots of these that's a trend.
Using the technology talent movement metrics we can see also Spotify took the lead from Pandora in the United States in September last year.
Paysa
How competition evolves
Initially new segments of the digital economy emerge in the same way as new segments of the traditional economy — with a vibrant explosion of new life and competition. Consider the car industry where there have been more than 3,000 car companies formed in the US alone over the last century.
Under the influence of competition, these thousands of companies have now winnowed down to ten major global companies, each with sales of more than US$100 billion.
The way competition evolves online is akin to how the force of gravity has formed our solar system from lots of smaller rocks over time into clear planets with moons or satellites but, notably with no dual or triple planets. I refer to these phenomena as “Online Gravity”.
Author
*Except China, Russia and South Korea.
Consider web search where the now-dominant Google launched in 1998. It was about the 16th search engine launched — after Infoseek, Alta Vista, WebCrawler and at least a dozen others.
Where are today's title fights?
We can see competition impacts clearly with the benefit of hindsight, but what about “title fights” that are currently underway?
Has Uber gone to point of market dominance beyond competition, or is it a MySpace awaiting Facebook, perhaps Lyft or another yet to enter entrant to steal its crown? Who will win the title belt for outsourced online labour? Will it be Freelancer.com or UpWork?
The prize for understanding who is going to win is large, and explains the premiums venture capitalists and public market investors alike put on companies that are favoured title fight winners.
Could Tesla become the Google of electric vehicles? Many people think so or that its battery technology advances could lead it to dominate in broader distributed energy industries of the future.
Read more: It'll take more than tech for Elon Musk to pull off audacious new Tesla master plan
Much has been made in the media of the market value of Tesla now overtaking both GM and Ford, making it the most valuable US carmaker. This is despite the fact Tesla sold less than 100,000 cars vs 10 million at GM and that its revenue is less that 5% of GM and Ford's. And it's still losing money.
Y Charts and Online Gravity
Could Tesla's rise in market valuation have been predicted? One interesting new data source that may shed light on this is technology talent.
Paysa
Salary monitoring service Paysa also charts the movement of technology talent. It ranks the desirability of companies as employers, using data on technology talent migration it gets from LinkedIn and other sources.
Here we can see that Tesla overtook GM in terms of desirability as a destination for tech talent some four years ago and has remained ahead ever since. This coincides with Tesla's subsequent rapid rise in enterprise value as reflected by the stockmarket.
Paul X. McCarthy, Adjunct Professor, UNSW
Speaking during his main address, Jim Yong Kim said: “The imperative to act is clear. High unemployment rates among graduates is a profound waste of time and potential, and it could pose a major threat to stability. We've seen this with the Arab Spring, where highly educated people, not able to earn as much as they could, were more likely to join protests. We've also seen this with groups like Daesh, where well-educated and under-employed people are more likely to be recruited.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A teenager has caused outrage after using a "racist" homemade sign to ask his girlfriend to their school prom.
The 18-year-old has been heavily criticised after a photo of him smiling and holding up the sign was shared online.
The picture shows the young man standing outside holding a large piece of card which says: "If I was black, I'd be picking cotton, but I'm white, so I'm picking u 4 proms."
MirrorOnline has chosen to blur the identity of the student.
The teen, who lives in Florida, is being investigated by his school and his parents have been informed, reports the Herald-Tribute.
(Image: Facebook)
The picture was originally shared on Snapchat but it was screenshotted and has now been shared widely on social media.
A spokesman told the Herald-Tribute: "The was racial in nature.
"Many who saw the post are understandably upset with its contents as well as the subsequent commentary to the post.
"[The school] absolutely does not condone or support the message conveyed in this post."
Many people are outraged by the sign and have taken to social media to voice their anger.
One Twitter user wrote: "He seems to not know about America's history. RACISM IS A PROBLEM. definitely should not be allowed to go to prom!!"
Another added: "Racist kid doesn't deserve to go to Prom or graduation because obviously he's not educated."
One replied: "You know how much hate you gotta have for black people to do this. Like how are you sitting at home, thinking of ways to ask a girl to prom and the first thing you think is: 'Hmmmm I could ask a girl to prom by being racist, that's a great idea'."
ALLEN PARK, Mich. (AP) -- Detroit coach Jim Caldwell had nothing to add Monday on the condition of defensive end Kerry Hyder, but he said the Lions might have more to say in the next couple of days. Hyder was carted off the field in Sunday's exhibition game at Indianapolis. Caldwell said after the game it looked like a "significant" Achilles tendon injury.
Detroit is dealing with injuries on both the offensive and defensive lines. Tackle Taylor Decker and defensive end Ziggy Ansah are on the physically unable to perform list.
Hyder led the Lions with eight sacks last season, and the team's runner-up -- Devin Taylor -- is with the New York Giants now.
Copyright 2017 Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.
Sunday, August 13, 2017 at 7:14 pm |
A lion rescued from Aleppo bares its teeth from inside a cage before being released Friday into the Al-Ma'awa wildlife reserve near the town of Souf in northern Jordan. (AP Photo/Reem Saad)
SOUF, Jordan (AP) - Thirteen animals that had been trapped in harsh conditions in a zoo in the war-torn Syrian city of Aleppo were evacuated on Friday to a wildlife reserve in Jordan.
Five lions, two tigers, two bears, two hyenas and two dogs were being released into the Al-Ma'wa reserve near the town of Souf in northern Jordan.
The Austrian-based animal charity Four Paws had rescued the animals from the Magic World zoo in Aleppo with help from Turkey. The group said the zoo's owner, who fled Syria after the 2011 outbreak of civil war there, granted permission to take the animals.
Some of the animals are fine, while others suffer from blindness as well as heart, liver and kidney disease, said Dr. Amir Khalil, a vet for the charity.
One of the lions is due to give birth within two weeks, he said.
A tiger rescued from Aleppo drinks from a pond in the Al-Ma'wa wildlife reserve Friday. (AP Photo/Reem Saad)
“It was a very difficult mission,” said Khalil. “The team calls it ‘mission impossible' because it's one of the most dangerous and volatile places on earth – military conflict, a lot of rebels, and it's not easy to take wild animals from such places.”
Khalil said the animals spent the last three weeks in cages, during their transport from Syria to Turkey and then Jordan.
“We are very happy today to release these animals so they can touch the ground, touch the grass and I think this is a very fine feeling which we like,” he said. “It's a message of hope for the people in Syria and around the world. It's peace.”
Syria's conflict erupted in 2011, quickly transforming from a popular uprising against President Bashar Assad into a brutal civil war. An estimated 400,000 Syrians have been killed in the fighting. More than 5 million Syrians have fled their homeland and millions more were uprooted inside Syria.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The parents of seriously ill Alfie Evans claim they have had to give him mouth-to-mouth resuscitation to keep him alive after his life support was withdrawn.
Alfie's father Tom made the sensational claim to reporters gathered outside Alder Hey hospital in Liverpool tonight.
He also claimed that the Court of Appeal was willing to listen to the case again - just hours after a High Court judge rejected the family's last-ditch appeal to take Alfie for treatment in Italy.
He told reporters: "The court has reached out to us and said it can set aside three judges tonight to hear his case again.
"It means there is a chance that Alfie could be in Italy tomorrow night if we are allowed back in court."
Tom also revealed the desperate fight the family had to keep Alfie alive after his lips turned blue.
(Image: PA)
(Image: Daily Mirror)
He said: "Both Kate and I had to give him mouth to mouth resuscitation to keep him alive because his lips turned blue.
"We were doing what a nurse should have been doing to sustain his life.
"Now they are saying that he looks really good but we all know he should be in Italy right now.
(Image: Internet Unknown)
(Image: Liverpool Echo)
"In the earlier court hearing the doctors were saying they were scared of the protesters but we have police officers with tasers around Alfie's room.
"Now they are saying we might be able to take Alfie home but I am going to keep on fighting for him.
"The doctors said he would die within five minutes of him being taken off a life support machine but he is here 22 hours later still fighting.
"He is making vocal noises and he is breathing. I am not going to give up on him."
(Image: Facebook)
(Image: PA)
This evening a statement from Alder Hey said: "This evening the High Court again ruled that it is in Alfie's best interests to continue with the end of life care plan developed by the clinical team who have cared for him throughout.
"Our top priority therefore remains in ensuring Alfie receives the care he deserves to ensure his comfort, dignity and privacy are maintained throughout. This includes working closely with Kate and Tom as they spend this precious time together with him.
"We would be grateful if respect and consideration is shown to all our staff, patients and families at the hospital at this difficult time."
(Image: Daily Mirror)
(Image: Andy Stenning daily mirror)
At an emergency hearing earlier today a heartbroken doctor said hospital staff have "genuine fear" over the hostility shown towards them.
The hearing in Manchester was a last-ditch plea by Alfie's parents to send him to Italy.
While the judge rejected the appeal he did suggest that bringing Alfie home could be another option.
Staff said it could take three to five days to move a patient but the current hostility would make it "impossible".
Read between the lines. You know that people often say one thing, but really mean something else. Confirm in your own way that your interpretation is correct. Sometimes acting on what is said is the best approach. Tonight: Think ahead to the weekend, then make plans.
You jump from one situation to another. You might not realize just how much energy you are stirring up. Others often appreciate your enthusiasm and efforts; however, one person could be controlling in trying to get you to do what he or she wants you to do. Tonight: Change gears.
IF TODAY IS YOUR BIRTHDAY: This year you often feel conflicted about whether to do what you want to do or do what you know you should do. You might not always be aware of this conflict. Trying to merge both views often won't be possible. If you are single, you meet a lot of people who could be potential suitors in the near future. You are likely to confuse someone with your mixed messages. If you are attached, you and your sweetie might want to spend more time alone together. If you notice a confused look from him or her, stop and find out what is going on. CAPRICORN responds to your effectiveness.
You enjoy relating closely to certain individuals. Try to hang in there, even when you are feeling uncomfortable. You will gain perspective through the experience. Know that you don't always have to be in control of a situation; in fact, let fate take the reins. Tonight: Dinner for two.
Defer to others, especially if you are not interested in the immediate situation. You can't seem to stay present in the moment. Your mind seems to be traveling to other times and places. You might want to make plans for a vacation in the near future. Tonight: Listen to suggestions.
LEO (July 23-Aug. 22)
You might be overwhelmed by all the calls, emails and requests that head your way. You'll want to shut out some of the activity or simply screen your calls. Know that following through will be difficult. Others could be upset at your unavailability. Tonight: Head home.
VIRGO (Aug. 23-Sept. 22)
Someone might take your ideas and make them even better. Opt not to do anything halfway, and greet this person's efforts positively. Remember, imitation is the highest form of flattery, and two minds are always better than one. Tonight: Play as if there were no tomorrow.
LIBRA (Sept. 23-Oct. 22)
You would prefer there to be less conflict around you. What starts out as an easygoing partnership could rapidly become a problem. Try not to let a bond develop so quickly in the future, at least until you know the other party better. Tonight: Head home early if you can.
SCORPIO (Oct. 23-Nov. 21)
What you say could have ramifications, perhaps even more than you might have anticipated. You know the power of saying less and allowing others' imaginations to take over. You might want to revise your thinking after you get some feedback. Tonight: Swap news.
SAGITTARIUS (Nov. 22-Dec. 21)
Be aware of your budget. You could be setting yourself up for trouble without realizing it. Slow down, and use more self-discipline. You'll need to consider a recent conversation you have had with someone, as he or she likely made a good suggestion. Tonight: Vanish while you can.
CAPRICORN (Dec. 22-Jan. 19)
Be willing to say what you think and feel, but be ready for someone else to stand up to you. Opportunities seem to fly in from all directions. If you like one of them, do not hesitate to jump on it; otherwise, this opening might be long gone. Tonight: Follow the music.
AQUARIUS (Jan. 20-Feb. 18)
You might be seeing a situation differently from how those around you are. A conversation with like minds will be rewarding and will allow you to open up to even better ideas. Others might not be as receptive. Say little for now. Tonight: Get a good night's sleep.
PISCES (Feb. 19-March 20)
Keep your distance from a friend who has a tendency to cause some uproar. You might act as if the effects of this person's behavior are irrelevant, but you quickly will discover otherwise. Recognize what you can do and what you cannot. Tonight: Follow the fun.
BORN TODAY: TV host Conan O'Brien (1963), comedian Jeff Dunham (1962), actress Melissa Joan Hart (1976)
Even before a round of U.S. tariffs levied on China comes into force Friday, there are signs that the long-feared slowdown in global trade is under way. Business surveys published this week show that global export growth, strong in 2017, has slowed to a relative crawl — helping to drive sharp stock market falls in big exporting nations like South Korea and Japan.
A U.S. cargo ship at a Shanghai port in April. Signs are that global trade growth is already slowing. ( Johannes Eisele / Agence France-Presse )
The data suggest that the synchronized worldwide growth that sustained global markets and company earnings for much of last year is already starting to run on empty. And that slowdown is likely to have a greater impact on trade than the developing conflict among the U.S., China and other major economies, analysts and investors say. “There is a huge correlation between the performance of Asian exports and Asian earnings. You can extend that analysis from global trade to global earnings,” said Tai Hui, chief markets strategist for Asia at J.P. Morgan Asset Management. Companies in sectors like consumer electronics are already suffering, he added. For nearly half a year, surveys of purchasing managers in manufacturing have indicated dwindling international demand growth, as major economic regions like the eurozone and China come off the boil.
Article Continued Below
The new-exports portion of JP Morgan's Global Manufacturing PMI fell to 50.5 in June, its weakest in nearly two years. The figure remains above 50, indicating export orders are still rising, but it has grown weaker every month since hitting its most recent peak at 54.2 in January. The orders data closely mirror year-on-year changes in world trade volumes, suggesting last year's 4.8% rise in global merchandise trade — the strongest since 2011, according to the World Bank, and representing an extra $1.13 trillion worth of goods changing hands — is unlikely to be repeated. The trade lost in the global economy from this slowdown will likely amount to hundreds of billions of dollars — dwarfing the value of trade involved in the row between the U.S. and China. U.S. tariffs due to be implemented on Friday cover $34 billion (all figures U.S.) in Chinese goods; China is levying retaliatory tariffs on an equivalent amount of American exports. Already-imposed tariffs — such as the U.S. has placed on steel and aluminum imports — may not have a meaningful impact on most Chinese businesses. “With Asian steel and aluminum companies, most of the exports are actually inter-regional. It's only 0.1% of total productive capacity that even goes to the U.S. for Chinese steel companies. Aluminum is just 2%,” said Catherine Yeung, investment director at Fidelity International.
The global trade slowdown explains the recent sell-off in emerging-market bonds and equities better than any fears of rising protectionism, BCA Research, an independent Canadian research firm, argued in a report last week. Any fall in trade is likely to first hit economies integral to globalized manufacturing processes, such as those of several emerging countries in Asia. “When global trade expands, weak parts of the chain do well. Conversely, when global trade growth dwindles, these same weak links are the first to break,” said Arthur Budaghyan, chief emerging markets strategist at BCA Research.
Article Continued Below
For sure, some economists argue there's a link between the rise in protectionist policies and soft global export data — even if many talked-about tariffs haven't yet taken effect. “It might be that companies are anticipating trade becoming more difficult with China or with the U.S. and are adjusting their supply chains,” said Joanna Konings, senior international trade economist at ING in Amsterdam. The latest manufacturing PMI from Germany, an outsize player in global supply chains, offers some weight to that interpretation. Export sales growth there was the weakest in over two years, and a number of businesses cited declining orders from the U.S. and China. Even small tariffs can have big effects on business confidence. Imposing tariffs in a world of integrated, multinational supply chains might be self-destructive and would likely pass through to U.S. consumers, according to strategists at Morgan Stanley. “If the trade dispute becomes more complicated, if both sides are not willing to change their stance, you could end up with a much more serious disruption,” said William Yuen, investment director at Invesco.
Dozens of accident and emergency units are facing closure or being downgraded in a far-reaching overhaul of urgent care which senior doctors warn would have “disastrous” consequences for the NHS.
An analysis of documents drawn up to remodel the health service in England shows that 24 casualty units from Durham to Somerset have been marked for potential closure despite record demand for A&Es and serious overcrowding across the country as the NHS goes through its most severe winter crisis since records began. Last month produced the worst performance for A&E waits in 13 years.
NHS bosses who have drawn up the changes as part of efforts to plug a £22bn hole in the health service budget by 2021, insist that concentration of specialist urgent services could save lives and there are no plans for a “significant” reduction in the existing number of 175 emergency units.
But one senior emergency doctor told this newspaper that the plans amount to proposal to “make the River Nile run backwards” by planning for a reduction in demand for A&E services at a time when Britain has a growing and ageing population.
Research based on 44 regional blueprints by the Johnston Press Investigation Unit reveals that managers are planning to cater for up to 30 per cent fewer A&E visits and plans have already been advanced to downgrade units to urgent care centres (UCC) with fewer specialist or consultant-grade staff.
In north east London, the King George Hospital will see its A&E become a UCC by 2019. Similar plans are under consideration in Dewsbury, West Yorkshire, and Poole in Dorset. In Staffordshire, health bosses have set a goal of a 30 per cent reduction in A&E visits; in Norfolk the figure is 20 per cent.
A separate study by the Health Service Journal (HSJ) has found that around 15 per cent of the total number of A&Es face closure or downgrading with several areas facing “either/or” decisions between neighbouring units.
Under the five-year project to plug the hole in the NHS budget in England, Sustainability and Transformation Plans (STPs) have been drawn up for each of 44 “regions” to remodel services.
A key part of the scheme is to reduce reliance on hospitals, in particular A&E units, by expanding primary care into integrated “hubs” staffed by GPs and other carers, bolstered by technology and teams to carry out home visits.
But emergency medicine experts argue that the NHS lacks the additional beds and community care resources that would be required to cope with such a change. At a time when 12-hour trolley waits have doubled in the last two years, they accuse managers of basing the future of the health service on “wishful thinking and rhetoric”. According to leaked figures, some 780 people last month waited more than 12 hours for a bed while in A&E - compared to 158 in January 2015.
Dr Chris Moulton, vice president of the Royal College of Emergency Medicine (RCEM), said: “A&E units are already desperately short of capacity and hospitals have almost 100 per cent bed occupancy. The suggestion that you can close A&E departments and then somehow fewer people will become ill is clearly ridiculous. And anyway, it is not people with minor illnesses but elderly patients with serious conditions who are the ones lying on A&E trolleys waiting for beds and then languishing on the wards awaiting social care.
“The problem is that the STPs are trying to design the health service around the fallacy that you can downgrade A&E departments and then not provide comparable capacity elsewhere. They are predicting a pattern of falling demand when A&E attendances have consistently risen for decades. There is no clear indication as to how this miracle might be achieved.”
He added: “We have a rapidly growing and ageing population and therefore the idea that the health service won't have to deal with even higher numbers of people requiring emergency care and hospital admission in the future is like hoping that the River Nile will run backwards.”
The professional body said that while it agreed that numerous units were facing change, it was only aware of five A&Es at immediate risk. But it warned that a decision to implement 24 closures - equivalent to one in six of the total - was unthinkable.
The HSJ, which said it was aware seven closures or downgrades already in the pipeline, found that 26 hospitals were involved in “head to head” comparisons which could result in one unit being maintained or upgraded to offer full emergency services while the other nearby A&E could be closed or offer reduced care. Such decisions are being considered in Shrewsbury and Telford; and Bedford and Milton Keynes.
Some clinicians argue that such moves to concentrate staff in two overstretched A&Es into a single unit can be a sensible use of resources and will not necessarily result in a loss of capacity.
But campaigners and experts warn that widespread closures will result in longer journeys to the nearest emergency units and place an unsustainable burden on remaining services.
Dr Taj Hassan, RCEM president, said that while the STPs had “admirable” ambitions they were in their present form “unworkable”.
He said: “If it were to come to pass that one in six emergency departments are downgraded, the effects would be disastrous.
“Closure of any emergency department will naturally require more beds to be found elsewhere - patients do not just disappear when an option for care is removed.”
The National Health Action Party, which campaigns for improvements in health service funding and staffing, said the STPs offered a grim picture which could ultimately see the number of full A&Es whittled down 70.
A spokesman said: “According to the STPs, to make the NHS affordable and sustainable, we the public must get used to longer ambulance journeys for emergency care, longer waiting times for treatment. There is a shortage of doctors and nurses. Our A&Es no longer have a mid-winter crisis, they have a year-round crisis.”
At the heart of many STPs is a new strategy which will seek to divert many people from attending casualty by referring them to a range of alternative services from walk-in minor injury units (MIUs) to teams dedicated to treating people at home.
The North and Central London STP envisages an Acute Care At Home service under which patients, for an example an elderly person who has suffered a fall judged by paramedics not to require A&E treatment, will be referred electronically by ambulance staff to an alternative team who will visit within 12 hours.
Clinicians agree that such schemes are desirable but question whether they will save money or function effectively. In north Essex, managers are considering plans to two out of three minor injury units while in Worcestershire last month four MIUs were closed for three days so staff could be redeployed to support struggling A&Es in Worcester and Redditch.
An NHS England spokesman said: “The number of people seeking urgent care is on the rise so overall we expect the range of services available to them to expand over coming years.
“Within that overall expansion, it may be possible to improve care and save lives with some concentration of specialist urgent services. This approach has increased the chances of surviving a major trauma in this country by 50 per cent, and only today the Stroke Association have called for more concentration of stroke units to improve outcomes. However we do not expect significant numbers of A&E changes in the years ahead, and many schemes were in fact decided on many years ago so this is a rehash of old news.”
More on the NHS Crisis:
See the {/news/health/the-full-list-of-the-24-a-e-units-marked-for-closure-1-7822357|full list of the 24 a e units marked for closure|read more}.
See the full list of the 19 hospitals facing closure.
See the great nhs gamble what we have investigated and why.
Top six broadcasts in Podbbang list. From top to bottom includes “Kim Yong-min‘s news briefing,” “Kim Eo-joon's Papa is,” “Tweeter news: Birds flocking in,” “Dr. Lee and author Lee's objection,” “tbs Kim Eo-joon‘s news factory,” and “Chung Bong-joo's elegant time.”
The recent Choi Soon-sil scandal that involves some of Korea's politicians, business moguls and media pundits has caused citizens to take to the streets in protest for the last 10 weeks. Much of the public outrage has targeted traditional media for failing to keep corruption in check which has resulted in many people seeking alternative news sources.Podbbang, Korea's first and largest podcast platform, has stepped in to fill this void.Last week, the company announced that it won a 1 billion won ($828,000) investment from a venture capital Central Investment Partners, signifying its popularity.Podbbang was set up in March 2012. It was launched by a video sharing platform Tagstory as a web service and as a part of project business motivated by the “Nakkomsu (Na Neun Kkomsu Da – I am a weasel)” craze that had gained nationwide popularity in the previous year for its explicitly critical content of the Lee Myung-bak administration.“We noticed that this would be a business opportunity as the crowd wanted intriguing in depth content which seeks the truth,” Kim Dong-hee, CEO of Podbbang told The Korea Herald.Starting from an audio platform that offered an audio service of popular TED lectures and a re-listening service of local radio broadcasts, Podbbang has since grown into an influential alternative media outlet with more than 9,000 shows on average in real time and 600,000 listeners each month.The company has since changed its name from Tagstory to Podbbang and turned into a mobile app service in 2013.The main source of revenue comes from advertisements which are mentioned by the host during a show, as well as commercials in between shows.While the method deviates little from traditional media, Podbbang's own marketing solution “Podbbang Ad” says that it measures an accurate number of listeners with their registered profile, unlike radio broadcast stations which is limited to listeners nearby.“We forecast that our sales from audio advertisements will reach 20 billion won, approximately 10 percent of the entire local radio advertisement market,” said Kim.Aside from audio advertisements, Podbbang also gains revenue from renting a broadcast studio for 10,000 won per hour.Podcast hosts receive a portion of the advertisement costs or receive funding from fans. The show themes vary from politics and economy to hands-on tips on real estate investment and even testimonies from North Korean defectors.Kim attributes Podbbang's diversity to the virtually free regulation on internet-based content“Content from newspapers, television and radio are subject to the current media regulations,” said Kim.“This has pushed content makers to fearlessly broadcast whatever they want based on their own logic.”Currently, six of the 10 most popular Podbbang shows are news. Some are independently hosted by former members of the hit Nakkomsu show, while others briefly explain real time reactions from social media or news reports from the scene.Kim said there is more in store for Podbbang in line with the vast advancements of new technologies.He explained that connected cars, for instance, can serve as new opportunities for the service to expand its presence as an alternative to traditional radio by offering tailored and mobile content.“Regulation-free has been a launch pad from Podbbang to dramatically grow. But (this also) means that if new regulation is made to restrict diversity and freedom of expression from local podcast content, it would threaten the majority of our news content,” Kim said.By Song Ji-won ( jiwon.song@heraldcorp.com
Quetta
Advisor to Chief Minister Balochistan on Excise, Taxation and Transport Mir Abdul Karim urged all lawmakers including MNAs and MPAs to fix original vehicles numbers plates in pursuance of Balochistan High Court Decision.
According to handout issued here, he said that in this regard, Balochistan High Court had been strict warned that if anybody would fine in violation of the decision of Balochistan High Court so action would be taken against them.
The minister said members of national assembly (MNAs) of Pakistan, members provincial assembly (MPAs) of Balochistan should display their official plate numbers at vehicles which were allotted by official deportment, despite, displaying ministers and senators at plate numbers of vehicles.
He hoped that ministers, MPAs, MNAs and VIPs would act upon on the decision of Balochistan High court.—APP
John Essey and family live in a modest, two-story home on a tree-lined street in the suburbs north of Pittsburgh. From the outside, it looks like any other house in the neighborhood, but this house has a brain.
"It knows we're home. Doors unlock, [it] kinda sets the mood for the rest of the house too, turns on lights, sets the thermostat accordingly," Essey says.
Essey is an engineer at Uber and an early adopter of the Internet of things. He can control his lights with his Amazon Echo or an array of touchpad sensors he's installed throughout the home. Sensors tell him when there's water in the basement or a leak under the sink.
While Essey's setup might sound a little like science fiction it's a prototype of the future. Some critics are worried these devices won't be secure and that companies will use them to spy on us to make money.
Gierad Laput, a Ph.D. student at Carnegie Mellon University, says as the Internet of things becomes more engrained in our daily lives, there are a couple of ways people are turning ordinary homes into smart homes.
"One way is basically to buy all the appliances, smart oven, smart dishwasher, smart microwave, smart toaster, all these things," Laput says.
But that stuff is really expensive. Smart refrigerators can cost $3,000 or more. And Laput said those devices don't always talk to each other, especially if they're made by different manufacturers.
The other way is to get sensors, and put them on everything you want to monitor.
"But then those get really unwieldy and you've got all these things sticking around and they look ugly and socially obtrusive," Laput says.
So Laput and his team wanted to see if they could build just one sensor that could monitor a whole range of activity in a room. And they did. It doesn't look like much; just a little 2-inch-square circuit board that plugs into the wall. The board senses about a dozen different facets of its environment: vibrations, sounds, light color and so on. The sensor communicates wirelessly with a computer, which interprets everything it picks up.
Laput demonstrated how the sensor works by turning on a blender. Almost immediately, a text box saying "blender running" popped up on a computer screen along with a purple squiggly line representing the blender's vibration.
Laput turned on a light, and the screen said, "light on."
Laput says he imagines both domestic and commercial applications for such a sensor. It could tell you that you left your stove on or that you're almost out of paper towels in the bathroom at the restaurant you own.
But critics say there's a catch.
"Surveillance is now the business model of the Internet. Companies make money spying on you," says Bruce Schneier, an Internet security expert and the chief technology officer at IBM's cybersecurity arm. "When the app says I can detect when you're out of paper towels, they're not doing it for your best interest, they're doing it because they want to sell you paper towels."
Schneier pointed to Roomba, the little automated vacuum from iRobot. The company's CEO said last month that the device could soon start mapping your home, raising concerns that that data could be sold for a profit. The company swiftly clarified that it would only collect and share data if customers consented.
But on top of the issue of surveillance, Schneier says makers of Internet-of-things devices just aren't prioritizing security.
"We're building a world-sized robot without even realizing it," he says.
That robot has eyes and ears that collect data, brains that process it and arms and legs that take action in the real world.
But arms and legs can kick and punch, and more eyes and ears — like Laput's sensor — could make those kicks and punches both more accurate and more devastating.
By BRIAN JENNINGS
STAFF WRITER
On any day, if you wake up, are clean shaved, feel good, and look good, chances are that you're going to have a great day. Before the conference final, Southington coach Lou Gianacopolos told his team to get haircuts, wash their uniforms, or do whatever it was, so that they felt good about playing the conference final.
“They came in looking and feeling good,” said Gianacopolos. “They were walking tall, and that was the first start. They told me that they've never been so prepared in their lives.”
Gianacopolos' setter had a bloody nose before the match, and he was making adjustments, just in case he couldn't be on the court. But other than a last-minute bloody nose, Gianacopolos' guys were calm when they walked on the court to play the conference final.
“When they stay calm, we just play,” said Gianacopolos. “We saw what needed to be done against Newington, and we saw who was effective. It was as simple as get him to where he needs to be and play. When you get up early in the match, kids feel good about themselves, and then the other team starts thinking about what they have to do.”
They clawed and scrapped to get to the conference championship match for the past four years. After taking the first two sets of their semifinal match, they dropped the next two almost didn't make it. But they pulled through with determination and grit, and the Blue Knight volleyball team are CCC champions.
When asked about how it felt to finally reach the conference pinnacle after a three-year drought, Gianacopolos said that it felt good to be CCC Champs. But as a coach, he said that he felt more for the kids.
“They go out there and commit to everything,” said Gianacopolos. “Just yesterday when we won, it was cool to see the excitement in their eyes. Today, they got to hold a trophy. With our sports and our teams, not everyone gets a trophy every year. So, to watch these guys enjoy that was pretty cool.”
The Knights will enter the second half of the postseason when they host No. 12 Shelton (10-10) in the first round of the Class L Tournament as the fifth seed on Wednesday, May 30. Match time is 6 p.m. No. 6 Darien (16-4) is the defending champion.
“I'm giving them the weekend off, and then we'll come back to it on Monday night,” said Gianacopolos. “With that time off, hopefully, they're not going to forget the win, but put it behind them and enjoy the moment, so we can concentrate on what we need to do.”
Championship Game
MAY 24—They dropped the first set, but the Knights managed to bounce back and take the next three without much difficulty to win the CCC title with a 3-1 victory (17-25, 25-18, 25-17, 25-21) over Newington at East Hartford High School. It was the third meeting between both teams this season.
Gianacopolos said that he saw what his team was going to bring and how they were going to react in the first set. The setters were playing pretty well, and he wanted to see who was going to have the hot hand.
“Once I figured out that rotation, I just rotated around until I got Tim (Walsh) in the front row,” said Gianacopolos. “Let him hit the ball aggressively. When you're up, and you get Tim in that position and he's hitting well, it made him feel good.”
Tim Walsh marshaled the offense with 15 kills and went 14-for-17 serving with a season high of seven aces. Niko Sophroniou went 15-for-17 behind the service line with three aces and helped anchor the defense with 25 digs. Zack Morgan went 14-for-16 serving with a pair of aces and dished out 26 assists. JJ Clark anchored the other half of the defense with five blocks.
Semifinals
MAY 23—The Knights advanced to the conference final on Wednesday by outlasting Enfield in their third five-setter of the season, 3-2 (25-20, 25-14, 24-26, 24-26, 15-10).
Walsh paced the offense with 24 kills and went 14-for- 17 serving. Clark stood tall at the net with 10 blocks. Sophroniou anchored the other half of the defense with 30 digs, and Morgan distributed 33 assists.
Quarterfinals
MAY 22—The Knights entered the postseason on Tuesday with a 3-1 victory (25-11, 25-21, 32-34, 25-21) over Farmington at home. The Knights swept the Indians twice during the regular season.
Walsh paced the offense with 18 kills and went 19-for-22 serving with two aces. Morgan missed just one serve behind the line, going 27-for-28 with three aces. He also distributed 39 assists. Adam Hunter went 4-for-9 serving with a pair of aces. Possidento led the defense at the net with three blocks, and Sophroniou led the defense in the backcourt with 23 digs.
Regular Season Wrap-up
Before they went on a three-game winning streak in the conference tournament, Southington's 14-match winning streak was snapped on Monday after the Knights fell in five sets, 3-2 (25-22, 17-25, 19-25, 25-18, 16-14), at divisional Newington. The Knights were on the other side of a five-setter with the Indians earlier in the regular season.
Walsh paced the offense with 21 kills and went 21-for-25 serving with three aces. Morgan went 20-for-22 behind the service line with a pair of aces and distributed 30 assists. Possidento led the defense at the net with six blocks, and Sophroniou led the defense in the backcourt with 21 digs.
The Knights rounded out the regular season by hosting Lewis Mills on Thursday in a make-up match from the week prior. They played their JV team against the Spartans and fell, 3-0.
Southington finished the regular season at 15-3 overall (7-1 home, 8-2 away), 14-1 in the CCC, and 11-1 in the CCC West Division. The Knights shared the CCC West title with Newington (18-2, 11-1), and Hall (14-5, 8-4) finished as runner-up.
For more in depth coverage, see our weekly print edition. To contact sports writer Brian Jennings, email him at BJennings@SouthingtonObserver.com.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Liverpool fan is seen lying motionless in the road outside Anfield amid claims Roma ultras used belts in violent clashes before the two clubs' Champions League semi-final match.
Shocking footage shared on Twitter by BBC Sports Editor Dan Roan shows a man lying on his back behind the Kop end at Anfield. A steward is seen making his way towards him.
Liverpool confirmed after the game that a man was left in critical condition following an incident before the match.
The club said: "Liverpool Football Club is shocked and appalled after a Liverpool supporter was left in a critical condition having been attacked prior to the Champions League fixture against AS Roma.
"Our thoughts, in the first instance, are with the victim and his family at this very traumatic time. We will be offering them our full support.
"The club has been liaising with the emergency services since the incident occurred and will continue to do so.
(Image: Dan Roan / Twitter)
(Image: @bbcsport_david/Twitter)
"Liverpool FC directs supporters and those in attendance at the game to Merseyside Police's appeal for information."
Additionally, Merseyside Police confirmed nine men were arrested for offences including attempted murder, affray, Section 47 assault, possession of offensive weapons, possession of a controlled drug, criminal damage and being drunk and disorderly.
In a separate image, a man is seen clutching a hammer during a melee.
Some accounts on social media suggested a home fan had been stabbed, but a Merseyside Police spokesman said they had not received any such reports.
He said a 'serious assault' had taken place 10 minutes prior to kick-off.
"We are investigating a serious assault of a man outside the Albert pub on Walton Breck Rd at about 7.35pm," he said.
A statement later added: "We can confirm a man has been arrested following an assault near to the Albert public house earlier this evening.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
"He has been taken to a police station where he will be interviewed by detectives. The 53-year-old victim is currently being treated for his injuries.
"Officers are appealing to anyone with information, or mobile phone footage to contact our social media desk via Twitter @MerPolCC or Facebook Merseyside Police CC."
Before the game, a Liverpool posted a video online, describing the carnage.
He said: "I tried to meet my mate here and then all the Roma fans with their belts, they tried to hit the Liverpool fans. They were aggressive and offensive."
Earlier in the evening, men, believed to be Roma supporters, clashed with police in the city centre with an officer dragging one fan to the ground.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
(Image: LIVERPOOL ECHO)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Liverpool face Roma bidding to take a lead back to Italy for the second leg next week as they look for a final berth against either Bayern Munich or Real Madrid.
Mo Salah struck twice in the first half of the first leg to put Liverpool in the driving seat on the pitch.
You can follow all the action from Anfield LIVE right here.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Celebrities use their platform to entertain the masses and some make the decision to take their platform a step further to influence policy and promote change. Our president had made several TV and movie appearances along with his own reality show prior to being elected. He's not the first or last celebrity turned politician.
We all know former President Ronald Reagan and former governor of California Arnold Schwarzenegger were actors before getting into politics. But did you know child actress Shirley Temple Black became a U.S. Ambassador to Ghana and to Czechoslovakia?
Clint Eastwood was elected mayor of Carmel, CA and appointed to the California State Park and Recreation Commission.
Before announcing his resignation in 2017 over allegations of sexual harassment, writer and performer on Saturday night Live Al Franken became a Democratic senator for Minnesota.
Sex & The City`s Cynthia Nixon, announced she`s running for governor of New York.
Sonny Bono, Jerry Springer, Kal Penn, just to name a few, have all turned their celebrity platforms into political platforms.
But there are some that miss the mark such as Clay Aiken who ran for congress in 2014 and Wyclef Jean registered to run for president of Haiti in 2010.
Better luck next time fellas because if Donald Trump can become president, anything is possible!
Today Mostly sunny, with a high near 92. South wind 5 to 11 mph.
Tonight A 30 percent chance of showers and thunderstorms, mainly after 5am. Partly cloudy, with a low around 68. South wind 7 to 11 mph.
Tuesday A 20 percent chance of showers and thunderstorms. Partly sunny, with a high near 90. South southeast wind 6 to 11 mph.
Tuesday Night A 50 percent chance of showers and thunderstorms. Mostly cloudy, with a low around 68. South wind 7 to 14 mph.
WednesdayA 20 percent chance of showers and thunderstorms. Partly sunny, with a high near 87. South southwest wind 5 to 8 mph becoming north in the afternoon.
Wednesday NightPartly cloudy, with a low around 64.
A PICTURE of a police officer on her mobile phone while she is behind the wheel has infuriated tens of thousands of Australians.
The image which was taken around 9.30am on Wyong Road in NSW's Central Coast yesterday has now been shared almost 36,000 times on Facebook.
"Just seen this on Wyong Road," the uploader wrote. "What a joke."
Thousands of angry commenters piled in - attacking the officer and demanding that she should be fined or lose her job.
"Everyone else has to abide by the law besides police," wrote one commenter. "I hardly think that's fair or just to be honest.
"Just because you're a police officer it doesn't mean you're a better driver than the rest of us. You being on the phone is putting everyone in harm's way and you should be fined. Same as speeding, unless it's for catching someone, or going through a red light with your sirens on just because you don't want to wait for the light to go green."
Copper on the phone Wyong road
"Police are human beings just like us," wrote another commenter. "If a child ran out in front or a car hit the brakes there is no way she would have control of the car and therefore cause a massive accident."
NSW Police said it couldn't speak specifically about the incident yesterday morning. However, a spokeswoman told news.com.au that police officers in the state are exempt from the laws which punish ordinary drivers for using a mobile while driving.
Basically, police officers sometimes need to use their mobile on the road to do their job efficiently.
"In NSW, drivers of police vehicles are exempt under Rule 305 of the Road Rules 2008," the NSW Police spokeswoman said in a statement. "Police officers may need to receive information about a job over their mobile phones for operational reasons, just as they might need to increase their speed to get to jobs without activating warning devices.
"They are also rigorously checked against our Safe Driver Policy."
Some of the commenters of social media pointed out this exemption out and sympathised with the police officer in the picture.
"If you were in trouble and needed the police, you would want them to be answering their phone wouldn't you?" wrote one commenter.
"It's part of their job. You know, saving your life etc," wrote another. "Criminals listen in to their radio transmissions."
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
OLYPHANT — A Monroe County man is accused of strangling and assaulting a woman over the weekend.
Paul Ackerman, 28, 2448 Tacoma Drive, Blakeslee, is charged with simple assault, harassment, strangulation and disorderly conduct after Olyphant police responded to a home at 609 Susquehanna Ave. about 5:15 p.m. Saturday. Ackerman is accused of pushing a woman there to the ground and choking her following an argument, according to court documents.
Ackerman was released on $20,000 unsecured bail. A preliminary hearing is scheduled for Tuesday.
— CLAYTON OVER
LOS ANGELES (AP) -
Sunday, December 10, 2017 at 6:52 pm |
Firefighters in Carpinteria, Calif., early Sunday. (Mike Eliason/Santa Barbara County Fire Department via AP)
A flare-up on the western edge of Southern California's largest and most destructive wildfire sent residents fleeing Sunday, as wind-fanned flames churned through canyons and down hillsides toward coastal towns.
Crews with help from water-dropping aircraft saved several homes as unpredictable gusts sent the blaze churning deeper into foothill areas northwest of Los Angeles that haven't burned in decades. New evacuations were ordered in Carpinteria, a seaside city in Santa Barbara County that has been under fire threat for days.
“The winds are kind of squirrely right now,” said county fire spokesman Mike Eliason. “Some places the smoke is going straight up in the air, and others it's blowing sideways. Depends on what canyon we're in.”
The department posted a photo of one residence engulfed in flames before dawn. It's unclear whether other structures burned. Thousands of homes in the county were without power.
Firefighters made significant progress Saturday on other fronts of the enormous fire that started Dec. 4 in neighboring Ventura County. Containment was way up on other major blazes in Los Angeles, Riverside and San Diego counties.
Flames advance on homes off in Carpinteria, Calif., Sunday morning. (Mike Eliason/Santa Barbara County Fire Department via AP)
Forecasters said Santa Ana winds that whipped fires across the region last week would continue in some areas at least through Monday evening.
A lack of rain has officials on edge statewide because of parched conditions and no end in sight to the typical fire season.
“This is the new normal,” Gov. Jerry Brown warned Saturday after surveying damage from the deadly Ventura fire. “We're about ready to have firefighting at [end of year]. This is very odd and unusual.”
High fire risk is expected to last into January and the governor and experts said climate change is making it a year-round threat.
Overall, the fires have destroyed nearly 800 homes and other buildings, killed dozens of horses and forced more than 200,000 people to flee flames that have burned over 270 square miles since Dec. 4. One death, so far, a 70-year-old woman who crashed her car on an evacuation route, is attributed to the fire in Santa Paula, a small city where the fire began.
The Ventura County blaze continued to burn into rugged mountains in the Los Padres National Forest near the little town of Ojai and toward a preserve established for endangered California condors.
Ranch hands-free horses at a ranch in San Luis Rey Downs Center in Bonsall, California, on Thursday, in this video screencap. (Tom Marshall/via Reuters)
Ojai experienced hazardous levels of smoke at times and officials warned of unhealthy air for large swaths of the region. The South Coast Air Quality Management District urged residents to stay indoors if possible and avoid vigorous outdoor activities.
As fires burned in Ventura and Los Angeles counties, firefighters were already in place north of San Diego on Thursday when a major fire erupted and rapidly spread in the Fallbrook area, known for its avocado groves and horse stables in the rolling hills.
The fire swept through the San Luis Rey Training Facility, where it killed more than 40 elite thoroughbreds and destroyed more than 100 homes — most of them in a retirement community. Three people were burned trying to escape the fire that continued to smolder Sunday.
Most of last week's fires were in places that burned in the past, including one in the ritzy Los Angeles neighborhood of Bel-Air that burned six homes and another in the city's rugged foothills above the community of Sylmar and in Santa Paula.
Local charities have the opportunity to become Queensgate Shopping Centre's Charity of the Year for 2017-2018.
Each year, Queensgate partners with a local charity for 12 months, providing support with regular fundraising activities and marketing campaigns.
The chosen charity will be able to take advantage of free use of the centre's commercial space, professional marketing and public relations support, volunteering hours donated by Queensgate's team, and involvement in the centre's events to help raise awareness of their cause.
For the past 11 months, Queensgate has worked alongside YMCA Cambridgeshire and Peterborough to help raise funds and increase awareness of the work it is doing through several events and activities.
At Christmas, the YMCA ran the gift wrapping service and raised close to £6,000.
To apply to be Queensgate's charity partner, call 01733 311666 to request an application form.
Alternatively, you can email: Carol.wakelin@queensgatecm.co.uk.
HOUSTON—A couple flying to Costa Rica for their wedding later this week were removed from a United Airlines flight in Houston for not following crew instructions.
Passenger Michael Hohl tells Houston television station KHOU he and his fiancé moved to empty seats because another passenger was asleep Saturday in their ticketed seats. They insisted they complied with a flight attendant to return to their proper seats, but a federal air marshal came aboard the flight and asked they get off. They were rebooked on another flight Sunday.
The airline said in a statement the couple repeatedly tried to sit in upgraded seats they didn't buy and wouldn't move.
United has been under fire for the contentious removal of a doctor from a plane in Chicago last week.
Read more:
Upcoming film, Fireworks, is set to release in the US on select nights and a new clip has been unveiled to get fans ready for the release.
Producer Genki Kawamura
follows up his mega-hit your name
with another tale of star-crossed teenage lovers with a sci-fi fantasy twist. Shy Norimichi and fast-talking Yusuke, are goo-goo-eyed over the same elusive classmate, Nazuna. But Nazuna, unhappy over her mother's decision to remarry and leave their countryside town, plans to run away and has secretly chosen Norimichi to accompany her. When things don't go as planned, Norimichi discovers that a glowing multi-color ball found in the sea has the power to reset the clock and give them a second chance to be together. But each reset adds new complications and takes them farther and farther away from the real world - until they risk losing sight of reality altogether."
A new, English dubbed clip can be seen below, ahead of the release of the film as well. Check it out!
is a new animated film based on the 1993 live action film,directed by Shunji Iwai, is coming to US screens this Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday with the help of. The story is described byin the synopsis below.Synopsis: "Does the brand new "what if" trailer create excitement or curiosity? Make sure to check thewebsites for showings onon July 3,5,7.
The Trump Administration is giving insurance companies an extra three weeks to decide whether to offer insurance plans through the Affordable Care Act markets, and how much to charge.
The extension comes as insurance companies wait for Trump to decide whether he will continue to make payments to insurance companies that are called for under the Affordable Care Act, but that some Republicans have opposed.
The payments – known as cost-sharing reduction payments – reimburse insurance companies for discounts on copayments and deductibles that they're required by law to offer to low-income customers. The Congressional Budget Office estimates the payments this year would be about $7 billion.
Trump has said he may end the reimbursements, which he calls "bailouts," and has been leaving insurers to wonder month-to-month about whether they will receive a check.
A White House spokesman says Trump is "working with his staff and his cabinet to consider the issues raised by the CSR payments."
The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services says it's offering the extra time so insurance companies can plan ahead in case the government decides to end the payments. In a memo Friday, the agency said many states are now requiring companies to file their rates for 2018 on the assumption that they won't be reimbursed.
Several companies say that without the cost-sharing payments, their rates will see double-digit increases. For example, Blue Cross Blue Shield of North Carolina says ending the payments would push its rates up 14.1 percent.
The HHS memo says "there have been no changes regarding HHS's ability to make cost-sharing reduction payments to insurers."
But it then says the agency intends to change the ACA's risk adjustment program to compensate for the loss of cost-sharing payments.
The changes are technical and complex, but Timothy Jost, professor emeritus at Washington & Lee University's law school, says in a Health Affairs blog that the memo just deepens the confusion.
"We still do not know if all of this is needed or not — the Trump administration has not made up its mind," he says.
The cost-sharing payments have been at the center of a political battle over the Affordable Care Act since before President Trump took office.
House Republicans opposed to the health law sued then-President Obama, saying the payments are illegal because Congress hadn't appropriated money for them. A judge agreed but allowed the administration to continue making the payments during an appeal.
Now that Trump is in the White House, and Republican efforts to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act have failed, many Republicans are urging the president to continue the payments rather than undermine the health care markets.
(Christopher Katsarov/The Canadian Press via AP)
By Kristin LaFratta | MassLive
Bernie Sanders announced last week that he intends to run for re-election as a Vermont senator in 2018.
But that may not be all: according to an interview with Sanders' campaign manager on Tuesday, a 2020 presidential run for the 76-year-old Vermonter and socialist is not out of the question.
In an interview with the Washington Journal on C-SPAN, the senator's campaign manager Jeff Weaver said Sanders, an Independent, is "considering another run for the presidency."
For the time being, Weaver said Sanders is focused on his re-election to the U.S. Senate. As for a 2020 presidential campaign, Weaver added, "When the time comes I think we'll have an answer to that."
Investigators Say Austin 'Serial Bomber' May Have Used Tripwire In The Latest Blast
Enlarge this image toggle caption Suzanne Cordeiro/AFP/Getty Images Suzanne Cordeiro/AFP/Getty Images
Authorities say a fourth device that exploded in Austin, Texas, this month indicates a "serial bomber" — and one who is more sophisticated than the earlier bombs suggested.
Austin Chief of Police Brian Manley said Monday that investigators believe a tripwire might have been used in the device that exploded in a Southwest Austin neighborhood on Sunday night, injuring two men.
"The belief that we are now dealing with someone who is using tripwires shows a higher level of sophistication, a higher level of skill," he said, adding that if residents see suspicious objects that look out of place, "Do not even approach it, but instead call 911."
The fourth device exploded in the Travis Country neighborhood, which adjoins the Barton Creek Greenbelt. Two young men were walking along a sidewalk or the grassy area along it when they apparently tripped a wire, causing the bomb placed along a fence to detonate.
The neighborhood remains on lockdown. Police are asking residents for any video footage from any home security cameras that might show a possible suspect. No suspect has been identified in the case, which now has more than 500 agents working on it.
Manley said the victims of the latest blast are white males, ages 22 and 23, who both are now in the hospital with serious injuries.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Eric Gay/AP Eric Gay/AP
The previous package bombs that have exploded in Austin since March 2 targeted people of color, as the Two-Way has previously reported: "The first two packages were left at the homes of black residents, while Manley described the septuagenarian victim of the third blast as a Hispanic woman."
With the fourth bomb, the investigation seems to have moved into a new phase for investigators — because of the device's design and the randomness of its victims.
"With this tripwire, this changes things," said Christopher Combs, special agent in charge of the FBI's San Antonio office. "It's more sophisticated. It's not targeted to individuals. We're very concerned that with tripwires, a child could be walking down a sidewalk and hit something."
Manley said it was too soon to know the motive behind the attacks or label them as domestic terror.
"That is something we are going to analyze," he said. "We are clearly dealing with what we expect to be a serial bomber at this point, based on the similarities between what is now the fourth device. ... We will have to determine if we see a specific ideology behind this, or something that will lead us, along with our federal partners, to make that decision."
"As we said from the beginning, we were not willing to classify this as terrorism, as hate, because we just don't know enough," he added. "And what we have seen now is a significant change from what appeared to be three very targeted attacks, to what was last night an attack that would have hit a random victim that happened to walk by. So we've definitely seen a change in the method that this suspect ... is using."
A tripwire can be made of materials including filament wire, metal or fishing line.
YouTube
Authorities are offering a $100,000 reward for information leading to the arrest and conviction of a suspect in the case; Texas Crime Stoppers is offering an additional $15,000.
"We need this to stop," Combs said. "We are very concerned that people can get hurt just by walking now, when we have tripwires. A hundred thousand dollars is a lot of money, and we're hoping somebody knows something, and that they can call us, and help us stop what is going on here."
He also asked for the bomber to contact law enforcement.
"We don't understand why they are doing this," said Combs. "We have people here that he can talk to, and we would like that to occur. So we would like him to reach out and talk to us."
Local astronomers and enthusiasts are among those traveling for a better view of the Aug. 21 solar eclipse.
Stephan and Jane Smith of Turners Falls are headed to North Carolina. They chose the town of Franklin because "it is in the area for the total eclipse and is one of the closest areas to go to since we will be driving to get there," Jane Smith wrote in an email.
"We will be staying at a cabin on a creek in the mountains which should make it even more interesting!" she said. "My husband gets into this stuff so why not go and experience it firsthand?!"
Some travelers said they made plans well in advance. University of Massachusetts Amherst astronomy professor Stephen Schneider will be in Idaho, staying in a house he booked a year ago because hotels were full.
Jim J. Zebrowski, president of the Aldrich Astronomical Society in Paxton, made his reservations more than 16 months ago.
Zebrowski and others decided to fly to Idaho "because historically it had the best chance for clear skies on Eclipse day in the morning. I have never observed totality before so our crew is headed to see this and share the event with people back home once we return," he wrote.
From the perspective of viewers in Massachusetts, the moon will only partially block the sun on Aug. 21. For a glimpse of the full eclipse, called totality, die-hard eclipse chasers will have to travel to a lower latitude.
In addition to North Carolina and Idaho, 12 states -- Oregon, Wyoming, Montana, Nebraska, Iowa, Kansas, Missouri, Illinois, Kentucky, Tennessee, Georgia and South Carolina -- are in the roughly 70-mile wide path of the full eclipse.
According to NASA, the eclipse will be visible in the U.S. starting at 9:05 a.m. Pacific time in Lincoln Beach, Oregon. Totality will begin there about 10:16 a.m. The total eclipse will move east across the U.S., ending near Charleston, South Carolina, at 2:48 p.m. Eastern time.
The Aldrich Astronomical Society rented a lodge for six people, and five others are at a nearby condo. Zebrowski said the trip is as "costly as you want it to be." He bought new equipment about a year ago.
"Costs can add up for travel time, telescopes, filters and cameras unless you already own them," he said.
He said society members will need to get through eclipse traffic in Jackson, Wyoming, and be able to set up and test equipment the night before in Tetonia.
"It will be critical to watch weather reports to see if we need to move to catch the eclipse -- I hope we will be able to see it without having to move but one has to be prepared," he said.
In a press release, AAA said it anticipates cities in the path of the eclipse will see increased traffic from Aug. 18 through Aug. 21.
The agency warns people not to watch the solar eclipse while driving but instead find a safe place to park. People should drive with their headlights on and watch out for pedestrians.
"There may be many people standing in or along the roadway watching the eclipse. Be alert to the possibility of distracted drivers swerving into your lane," AAA said.
NASA, meanwhile, offers a plethora of information on its website.
The Latest: Judging errors cast confusion at hot dog contest
Associated Press FOLLOW NEWS News 5 // 04 Jul 2018, 23:46 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
NEW YORK (AP) — The Latest on the annual Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest. (all times local):
2 p.m.
Judging errors cast widespread confusion over Joey "Jaws" Chestnut's record-setting 11th title at the annual Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest.
Chestnut took home the Mustard Belt after downing 74 franks and buns in 10 minutes — two more than he did last year. Second-place finisher Carmen Cincotti ate 64.
But longtime announcer George Shea tells The Associated Press he noticed in real time that jurists measuring Chestnut's and Cincotti's intake weren't counting from two plates stacked with franks that the eaters were drawing from. The under-counted tally was then displayed on live TV.
Shea says both Chestnut and Cincotti were adamant about their scores, which were certified by Brooklyn District Attorney Eric Gonzalez.
He says new judges will be used next year.
___
1 p.m.
Defending champion Joey "Jaws" Chestnut chomped down a record 74 franks and buns to take home his 11th title at the annual Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest.
The renowned competitive eater from San Jose, California, takes home the coveted Mustard Belt and surpassed the previous mark of 72 dogs and buns he downed last year.
The heat wasn't a factor; the National Weather Service put the temperature at 83 degrees with a heat index of 91 degrees.
Miki Sudo said after eating 37 dogs and buns that the heat may have slowed her down in winning the women's competition.
That didn't stop the Las Vegas eater from easily beating out second-place finisher Mischelle Lesco of Tuscon, Arizona, who chowed down 28 wieners and buns.
___
11 a.m.
Miki Sudo (MIHK'-ee SOO'-doh) downed 37 franks to win her fifth straight title in the women's competition of the annual Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest.
The Las Vegas competitor fell short of the 41 hot dogs she consumed last year but still beat out second-place finisher Michelle Lesco, of Tucson, Arizona. Lesco chowed down 28 wieners and buns.
Thousands of attendees braved 83-degree temperatures and a heat index of 91 degrees to witness the annual July Fourth competition on the Coney Island boardwalk.
Ten-time winner Joey "Jaws" Chestnut will confront 20 other men during the men's competition later Wednesday for the coveted Mustard Belt.
Sudo was a fan favorite, drawing big cheers from the crowd during her performance, which was slightly delayed after she requested new water to soak her buns.
___
12:05 a.m.
It's frankly amazing.
Chowdown champions will face off Wednesday at Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest, where the men's record stands at 72 frankfurters and buns in 10 minutes.
Ten-time winner Joey "Jaws" Chestnut will confront 20 other men on New York's Coney Island boardwalk. He set the record last year.
Miki Sudo (MIHK'-ee SOO'-doh) is seeking a fifth women's title in a row. The 19-woman field includes record-holder Sonya "The Black Widow" Thomas.
Sudo downed 41 franks and buns last year. Thomas' record is 45, but she managed 30 last year.
The event attracts thousands of in-person spectators and is televised on ESPN.
Last year, animal rights activists tried to unfold a banner amid the crowd. Five protesters were taken into custody for questioning and released.
If you want to learn the fundamentals of graphic design, there's no need to splash out on costly premium software – there are some superb programs programs available to download completely free, many of which are comparable to their premium counterparts.
For seasoned professionals there's no real substitute for Adobe's Creative Cloud, but if you're not ready to invest in a subscription yet, these free graphic design programs are ideal.
Whether it's creating and editing vector graphics, illustrations or infographics, we've picked out the best free software for the job. All of these tools will help you achieve great results, and won't spoil your work with watermarks.
A powerful vector graphics tool that's free and open source
Comprehensive toolkit
Excellent format support
Can be slow
Open source vector graphics editor Inkscape is widely known as the free counterpart to Adobe Illustrator – and for good reason. This free vector editor is a great choice for budding graphic designers thanks to its huge array of advanced tools and effects, including complex path operations, node editing, bitmap tracing and path-based text.
Like most free vector editing software, Inkscape's chief format is SVG (scalable vector graphics) – an open source standard based around XML.
Inkscape is available for Windows, Mac and Linux, and is a great cornerstone of any amateur graphic designer's toolkit.
Free software packed with advanced drawing aids and templates
Customizable brushes and tools
Lots of drawing aids
Cross-platform
Krita was created by artists, for artists, with the belief that top-quality drawing software should be accessible to all graphic designers – regardless of income.
Krita is designed primarily for comic book artists, with a set of carefully designed tools including halftones and pre-made templates, but it's also great for other forms of drawing. It offers a great set of drawing aids, including vanishing points, smooth shapes, layer masks and advanced selection functions.
If you're venturing into illustration or comics, Krita is amazing. It's so feature-packed, you might find it a little overwhelming, but there's an excellent set of tutorials to get you started.
An incredible tool for any designer who works with photos
Packed with customizable tools
Regularly updated
Easily expandable
Interface can be inconsistent
GIMP is the free photo editing and graphic design software we use most here at TechRadar, for one simple reason: it's brilliant.
Whether you're adjusting photos, creating a digital painting or compositing several different elements, GIMP is fantastic. It doesn't have all the tools you'll find in Photoshop, and the fact that it's produced by a huge team of volunteers from around the world means its interface can be a little inconsistent in places, but it's packed with advanced brushes, filters, layers and masks.
In the event that it doesn't provide everything you need, you can always expand it using a huge archive of extensions, or install Photoshop plugins.
The ultimate free tool for graphic designers creating 3D content
Highly customizable
Excellent format support
Steep learning curve
Blender is a 3D content creation suite that's completely free – even if you use your creations commercially. Whether it's modeling, rigging, rendering or animating, Blender has it covered.
Animators use Blender to create short films, TV shows, and even feature films, and its creators are constantly working to develop it further.
Its interface might look intimidating at first, but it's fully customizable and you can even create your own tools and extensions to suit the way you want to work.
Infographics made easy with free templates and a clear interface
Easy to master
Excellent templates
No watermarks
When you need to create an infographic, you can do it manually using a vector graphics suite like Inkscape, or you can reach for a dedicated tool like Easel.ly.
There's no shortage of web apps for visualizing data, but Easel.ly is one of the best. It offers a good selection of templates for you to experiment with, plus a wide selection of shapes and other tools for editing the existing designs or creating your own from scratch.
You can download your completed infographics in PDF or JPG format, with quality settings optimized for web and print use.
The basic tool is free and extra elements are available for a small fee, but unlike many free data visualization tools, Easel.ly won't watermark your work.
MINNEAPOLIS — The Minnesota Twins have placed outfielder Byron Buxton on the 10-day disabled list with a left big toe fracture.
The Twins announced the move before Wednesday night's game against the Kansas City Royals.
Buxton has played in 28 games this season, hitting .156 (14-for-90) with four doubles, four RBIs and five stolen bases.
To replace Buxton on the 25-man roster, the Twins recalled right-handed pitcher Aaron Slegers from Triple-A Rochester. Slegers made nine starts for the Red Wings, going 5-2 with a 3.27 ERA, eight walks and 31 strikeouts. The 2017 Twins minor league pitcher of the year was recalled by the Twins earlier this season, but did not appear in a game.
Pink Reveals She Has The Flu Ahead of Singing National Anthem at Super Bowl: ‘I Will do my Best'
Pink will go ahead with singing the national anthem at Super Bowl LII on Sunday even as she battles the flu, saying that the illness is making “one of my dreams … sort of nightmare.”
The singer, who is set to open the championship game by singing “The Star-Spangled Banner,” revealed in an Instagrampost Saturday that she caught the flu from her two small children.
Pink, 38, and former motorcars competitor Carey Hart are parents to 6-year-old Willow and 1-year-old Jameson.
“[I'm] trying to practice the flu away,” she began in a caption. “I've been waiting to sing this song since 1991 when I saw my idol, Whitney Houston, own this song. And now, my chance has finally come.”
Pink continued, “And it just so happens that this chance comes when I have two small Petri dish kids who literally cough INTO MY MOUTH and rub their snot on my cheek. You can't write this stuff I swear! And here we are. I've arrived at another one of my dreams which is slowly becoming a sort of nightmare.”
Pink said the opportunity to sing the national anthem at the Super Bowl which is being held at U.S. Bank Stadium in Minneapolis, “is one of the biggest honors of my life, singing this song in front of my family, my military family, my dad and brother and step mama and family and the world. And the EAGLES!?!?!”
Despite the flu, she said, “I promise I will do my best, as I always do. As far as the gremlins that got me into this mess, you can cough at me for the rest of your lives. If it's a contest, babies, you win.”
Pink joins a long line of pop stars who have had the honor of singing the national anthem at the Super Bowl, including Beyonce, Diana Ross, Lady Gaga, Neil Diamond, Luther Vandross, Mariah Carey, and Cher.
Justin Timberlake is set to perform at the halftime show during this year's big game.
× Mood raw outside court where James Alex Fields Jr. has initial hearing
Tensions remained high here Monday after a judge appointed an attorney for James Alex Fields Jr., the man suspected of killing a woman during a white supremacist rally.
A couple of “Unite the Right” activists screamed at journalists outside, saying, “You are all to blame for this.” They were soon confronted by a couple of counterprotesters, who yelled back.
It was a verbal continuation of the overt hostility on display over the weekend between white nationalists and anti-fascist protesters. A shouting match ensued for several minutes until police broke up the confrontation. No one was injured.
Fields, 20, is accused of driving his car Saturday into a crowd of people, killing Heather Heyer, a 32-year-old paralegal, who was protesting the “Unite the Right” march, and injuring 19 others. Nine patients remained hospitalized in good condition, hospital officials said Monday.
Fields is being held on suspicion of second-degree murder, three counts of malicious wounding and failure to stop in an accident that resulted in death.
The suspect appeared via video link from jail in front of Judge Robert Downer. Fields wore a black and white jumpsuit and was informed of the charges and his rights.
Fields, who lives in Maumee, Ohio, was recently making $650 every two weeks working for Securitas, a security company, and noted that he couldn't afford a lawyer. Bond was not set and the judge appointed attorney Charles Weber.
Fields' employer has terminated him, the company said Monday.
The judge normally has someone from the public defender's office available if the defendant has no lawyer. But he said someone in the office was related to an individual injured over the weekend, and he would have to go outside the office to make a selection.
Downer set August 25 as the date for the next hearing; it is possible there will be a bond hearing before then.
Read: GoDaddy booting neo-Nazi website
Saturday's incident took place as hundreds of white nationalists converged on Charlottesville to protest the removal of a statue of Confederate general and slavery advocate Robert E. Lee.
Two Virginia State Police troopers died when a helicopter crashed in a wooded area near Charlottesville after monitoring the events.
The clashes in Charlottesville sparked political fallout over the weekend, with critics blasting President Donald Trump for initially failing to single out white supremacists in his criticism of the violence.
On Sunday, Vice President Mike Pence called out “dangerous fringe groups” and on Monday, Trump named the groups in question and denounced them.
“Racism is evil,” the President said. “And those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the KKK, neo-Nazis, white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans.”
Speaking from the White House, Trump expressed his condolences to the families of Heyer and the two troopers, and said they “embody the goodness and decency of our nation.”
“To anyone who acted criminally in this weekend's racist violence, you will be held fully accountable. Justice will be delivered. As I said on Saturday, we condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence. It has no place in America.”
Heyer's mother, Susan Bro, thanked the President in a statement. “Thank you, President Trump, for those words of comfort and for denouncing those who promote violence and hatred,” she said.
Opinion: Charlottesville spotlights Trump's toxic failure to lead
On Sunday, people around the nation marched in support of the anti-racism protesters in Charlottesville, with more than 130 rallies from California to Maine.
Sign of remembrance
Confederate monuments on public property became controversial in Southern cities after a white supremacist massacred nine black churchgoers in Charleston, South Carolina, in 2015.
The discord in Charlottesville stems from a City Council vote to rechristen two parks named for Confederate generals and to remove a bronze statue of one of those generals, Robert E. Lee, from what was known as Lee Park.
A couple of months ago, the park was renamed Emancipation Park. The Lee statue and the park were at the center of violent protests this past weekend, with white nationalists opposing the removal of the statue.
Nancy Carpenter, a Charlottesville resident, said her neighbors and friends discussed naming the location for Heyer.
“It was therapeutic to do something to help with the feelings of the weekend,” she said.
Carpenter said such a move could generate change and help residents move forward and tackle the challenge of dealing with the animosities and problems that very much remain in town — even though most of the out-of-towners who descended on the community cleared out.
Carpenter took thick poster board, attached it to a stake and hammered it into the ground. The sign says “Heyer Mem. Park.”
What do we know about Fields?
Fields was a man who possessed “outlandish, very radical beliefs,” and a “fondness” for Adolf Hitler, according to Derek Weimer, who teaches social studies at Randall K. Cooper High School in Union, Kentucky.
“It was quite clear he had some really extreme views and maybe a little bit of anger behind them,” Weimer told CNN. “Feeling, what's the word I'm looking for, oppressed or persecuted. He really bought into this white supremacist thing. He was very big into Nazism. He really had a fondness for Adolf Hitler.”
Principal Mike Wilson said he remembered Fields as a quiet and reserved student who graduated in 2015. In August of that year, Fields was inducted into the Army but he left active duty in December 2015. A spokeswoman for the Army said he failed to meet training standards.
“As a result he was never awarded a military occupational skill nor was he assigned to a unit outside of basic training,” Lt. Col. Jennifer Johnson said.
Fields' mother, Samantha Bloom, told the Toledo Blade in Ohio, where he lives, that she didn't know her son was going to Virginia for a white nationalist rally. She thought it had something to do with Trump.
She told the Blade she didn't discuss politics with her son. She was surprised her son attended an event with white supremacists.
“He had an African-American friend,” she told the Blade.
Before Trump's comments on Monday, the creator of one of the most prolific neo-Nazi websites praised Trump for not specifically blaming neo-Nazis and white supremacists, saying “he loves us.”
Andrew Anglin of the Daily Stormer wrote that Trump's comments were “good.”
“He didn't attack us. He just said the nation should come together. Nothing specific against us. He said that we need to study why people are so angry, and implied that there was hate on … both sides!” Anglin wrote. “There was virtually no countersignaling of us at all. He loves us all.”
Anglin did not respond to CNN's request for comment.
Another alt-right rally planned for Charlottesville?
Three other men were arrested Saturday. One faces a charge of carrying a concealed handgun and another is charged with disorderly conduct. The third man was arrested on suspicion of assault and battery.
The Justice Department and the Federal Bureau of Investigation have launched a civil rights investigation into the deadly crash, to be led by US Attorney Rick Mountcastle.
Investigators will be looking into Fields' alleged motives, and whether there's enough evidence for a domestic terrorism case.
White nationalist rallygoers and counterprotesters have pointed fingers at each other for the violence. Critics claimed the Charlottesville Police and Virginia State Police stood on the sidelines as skirmishes erupted.
On Monday, Charlottesville Police Chief Al Thomas Jr. said the “Unite the Right” protestors had agreed to enter Emancipation Park through the rear. But “they did not follow” the agreed-upon safety plan and entered the park at different locations, forcing police to alter their plans, Thomas said.
Other groups started gathering in the park and along the street and the crowds became violent, Thomas said.
“We did make attempts to keep the two sides separate. However, we can't control which side someone enters the park,” Thomas said. “We had agreements and worked out a security plan to bring the groups in in separate entrances. They decided to change the plan and entered the park in different directions.”
Police in Charlottesville may have their hands full again in the future.
Richard Spencer, the white supremacist who helped found the so-called alt-right movement, announced on Monday he is planning to hold another rally in Charlottesville, and one on September 11at Texas A& M University in College Station, Texas.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The royal siblings made an adorable appearance at the hospital yesterday when they arrived to meet their new baby brother. (I mean, Charlotte's little wave was everything.) But four-year-old George appeared to pull off some classic big brother shenanigans on his two-year-old sister just after they entered the Lindo Wing doors.
Eagle-eyed Twitter user Gabrielle Catlow pointed out part of the footage of the royal tots' arrival, where George appears to flick the back of Charlotte's head just before the doors closed behind them.
🤣that is definitely Prince George FLICKING the back of Princess Charlotte's head as they enter the Lindo Wing #ROYALBABY @KayBurley @BuzzFeedUK pic.twitter.com/OyBIlqyAJC — Gabrielle Catlow (@_Gabscathigh) April 23, 2018
The move is super-brief and hard to catch, but if you look closely, it really does look like the big bro takes a light hit at his sister's noggin. Was it payback for Charlotte's stealing the show with her precious waving? Who knows. Perhaps he just did it for no reason. (Anyone who grew up with a sibling can relate.)
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Other watchers, including royal commentators Omid Scobie and Victoria Arbiter, also noticed the "blink-and-you'll miss it" gesture.
Favourite thing today was this blink-and-you'll miss it moment inside the hospital where George appears to flick Charlotte's head! Typical older brother😂 pic.twitter.com/LA0qdBaYah — Omid Scobie (@scobie) April 23, 2018
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Yes. It is exactly that, I confirm the technique as the eldest of three. Keep it real, George. pic.twitter.com/SsNclLFW1L — Heather DeLand (@HeatherDeLand) April 23, 2018
OMG so funny, he definitely does 😂 — emilydaisy (@emilydaisy) April 23, 2018
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Did he flick his sister's head at 0:30? Tonto nga George ya. 😆 pic.twitter.com/mslMuDfcqK — Maris (@mrc1230) April 24, 2018
#EmsRoyalBabyUpdates Look at Cheeky Prince George flicking his sisters head! @victoriaarbiter I am curious what Princess Charlotte did to get him back ? https://t.co/RuOZoBLW3o — Emily McKenna (@EMCK97) April 24, 2018
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Other viewers, however, thought George was trying to put his arm around Charlotte instead.
In case anyone missed it, George putting his arm around Charlotte #tooadorable #royalbaby pic.twitter.com/ULMnMw72OT — Roxanne Tegan Fowler (@Roxanne_Tegan) April 23, 2018
Looks like a bit of a cuddle to me... — Cali Lady 🌴☀️ (@CaliMum2016) April 23, 2018
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
It can be both things.. sometimes I see a flick, sometimes I see a cuddle. I guess I will never decide this 😂🙈 — The Cambridges (@loveforcambridg) April 23, 2018
Either way, we're obsessed with these two.
According to proud father Prince William, the royal siblings were "very excited" to welcome a new addition to the family. The pair, who arrived to the hospital hours after the baby was born, were "with the baby for 25 minutes" before heading home to Kensington Palace, a source told Us Weekly. "It's unlikely they'll be asleep when William and Kate arrive home. They'll be up all night, excited about their new brother," the insider added.
We can't wait to see all three royal kiddos together for the first time.
Between Beyoncé's history-making headlining #BeyChella performance, and Cardi B giving her fans life with her super impressive Boachella performance debut, the Coachella 2018 was one to remember. Also seemingly blossoming from the event is Cardi B and SZA's friendship. Since performing together on the Coachella stage April 22, the two powerhouses haven't been able to stop gushing over each other's talent on social media, and honestly, neither can fans.
Talented rapper Cardi B and songstress SZA performed their song "I Do" on the Coachella stage during the festival's second week and brought the house down. The two collaborated on track for Cardi B's 2018 debut Invasion of Privacy, which was just released April 6. Their stage show took quite a few fans by surprise, seeing as the "Bodak Yellow" rapper had a bit of a set change from her April 15 show. The two artists looked like they thoroughly enjoyed being on stage together, and their Instagram tributes to one another totally hints that there's a budding friendship in the works.
When reflecting over her Coachella festival debut, and recapping the final weekend's performances, Cardi B made sure to dedicate a specific post to the "Broken Clocks" singer. With a photo of the two in the midst of their crowd-rocking performance, Cardi B pretty much confirmed fan theories about the singer being the best friend they all knew they needed, writing:
"I want to thank you for coming out for my set yesterday. I wish people could meet [SZA] in person. She is the sweetest boolest girl ever. She is really like me and you. Deserve[s] all her success, talented and a piece of humble pie"
Kevin Winter/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
And when it came to showing Cardi B some love on her own page, SZA definitely rose to the occasion. The singer not only gloated about Cardi B's level of enthusiasm for the fest — citing how she was up and moving even at two in the morning, though far along in her pregnancy — but about how inspiring it was to see Cardi B killing it on stage. In her April 23 Instagram post, SZA also shared a photo of the two artist's performance, writing:
...saw this queen at 2am last night and she WASN'T sitting...Iono how she does it!! Thank you SO much for having me ! Sooo ... inspiring to watch!
As if Cardi B and SZA's "I Do" collab and hearing that they were joined at the Coachella stage weren't enough, fans are seemingly excited to finally see the pair in the same frame. Comments like "OMG, love the both of you," and heart emojis filled the posts from both of the artists, showing that they're totally on board with whatever's developing here.
It's unclear how long SZA and Cardi B have known each other personally, but one thing's for sure, with the two of them both making major headlines this past year for their accomplishments — from Grammy Award nominations to chart-toping album debuts — they've known of each other for some time now. And seeing how thrilled the two were to have shared the stage with one another could mean that there could be more SZA and Cardi B collabs, performances, and/or major Instagram moments on the way.
Kevin Winter/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
There's nothing like seeing two major artists show support for one another on a public scale. And SZA and Cardi B sharing a mutual admiration for each other's work and professionalism is so refreshing. Too often are women in the industry pitted against each other, and with both having an amazing run over the past couple of years, it would have been too easy for them to fall into that overly-competitive trap.
SZA and Cardi B are obviously taking the high road, showing that when two female powerhouses take the main stage by storm, love and respect can be found.
Record levels of hate crime were reported by three-quarters of police forces in England and Wales in the aftermath of last year's EU referendum, new analysis has shown.
In some areas the number of incidents jumped by more than 50%.
But both Cambridgeshire and Lincolnshire police forces say the rise is not down to Brexit but a rise in awareness of hate crime due to world events and discrimination against people with disabilities and the LGBT community.
Cambridgeshire saw a nine per cent rise in hate crime between July and September 2016, 179 recorded incidents, while Lincolnshire had 78 hate crime reports, up 59 per cent.
SEE HOW OUR FORCES COMPARED TO OTHERS IN THE UK
Detective Inspector Dean Wiffin from Cambridgeshire police said world events, such as the Orlando shooting and the murder of a Catholic priest in France, together with the reported increase in hate crimes following the EU Referendum may have left people feeling more vulnerable.
He added: “Although a rise in hate crime is always concerning, if these events have raised awareness and resulted in people reporting when they maybe wouldn't have done so before, then it's a good thing.
“Under-reporting is a factor we're focusing on because, more often than not, those affected by hate crime are too frightened or intimidated to come forward or do not recognise they are victims.
“I would encourage victims, family members, carers and the public to help us tackle the problem by reporting incidents to the police or our partners. Everyone has the right to live without harassment or fear of crime.”
Chief Inspector Dan Whyment from Lincolnshire police said: “Lincolnshire saw a general rise in overall hate crime last year. However there was no sharp increase in racially or religiously motivated crime in the aftermath of ‘Brexit'.
“The increase in reporting comes against the backdrop of a multi-agency strategy and delivery plan which has since 2015 (pre dating Brexit) set out to tackle issues of underreporting amongst all hate crime victims. In fact the biggest increases in reporting have been seen from disability and LGBT strands within the community.
“In terms of looking ahead, Lincolnshire police are looking to build on existing community projects and have set out a community engagement plan to do just that. This work forms part of the wider partnership commitment to the hate crime delivery group. The continual efforts of all involved mean we have an existing healthy approach to Hate crime in Lincolnshire. Brexit and the knock on effects are of course a consideration, but I feel it is important to get the message across that these efforts are not a knee-jerk reaction. Rather a determined approach to be supportive of victims and communities and demonstrate Hate crime is not tolerated in Lincolnshire.
“If anyone wishes to report a hate crime please call the police on 101 (999 in emergencies)
“Alternatively contact www.stophateuk.org.”
The figures, compiled by the Press Association, provide the first complete picture of hate crime recorded by police in England and Wales following the referendum on June 23.
They show that in the three months ending September 2016:
:: 33 out of 44 forces recorded the highest quarterly number of hate crimes since comparable records began in April 2012
:: Three forces each recorded more than 1,000 hate crimes: the Metropolitan Police (3,356), Greater Manchester (1,033) and West Yorkshire (1,013)
:: Only four forces reported a decrease on the previous three months
The new analysis shows that a rise in incidents was seen in almost every force in England and Wales, both year-on-year and when comparing the three months either side of the referendum.
The Press Association also cross-referenced data on offences with the results of the EU referendum to see if there was any pattern to the level of hate crime.
In 36 police force areas, a majority of voters backed Leave in the referendum - and the quarterly hate crime figure rose in all of them except two.
The area with the biggest Leave vote, Lincolnshire, saw hate crimes jump by 59%.
This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here
Mark your calendar, because Father's Day is almost here — and you're not going to want to miss it. For those who don't have their iCal in front of them, the holiday falls on Sunday, Jun. 17. While it might feel like you have ~ages~ to stock up on a solid gift for dad right now, trust me: it's best to put the task at the top of the to-do list. The good news is that you don't have to rack your brain for something creative, unexpected, or expensive to impress dad. There are useful Father's Day gifts you can get for under $20 out there. Your father would be so proud of your fiscal responsibility! And isn't that the greatest gift of all?
Let's be real: getting a gift for dad isn't obvious. Does he want whisky? Does he even like whisky? What about a golf club? But, doesn't he have, like, 20 of those already? If this sounds like your stream of consciousness when brainstorming the perfect gift for dad the best resolution might be to go with something useful. Because dad could always use something that helps him in some capacity. From 12-in-one tools to unique kitchen gadgets, your dad will totally get a kick out of these gifts.
12 In One Scissors
Coghlan's 12 in 1 Scissors $4.99 Amazon This tool might look like the unassuming pair of scissors that lounge in the kitchen drawer for the occasional use to pry open that packet of bacon, but, these are so much more than that. Dad will be stunned by this versatile tool's ability to go from scissor to knife to can opener to wrench with ease. Buy Now
Toaster Grilled Cheese Bags
Toaster Grilled Cheese Bags $9.99 Uncommon Goods If dad is always throwing things together in the kitchen and marvels at air fryers and instant pots, you might want to introduce him to the toaster grilled cheese bags. Yes, he can now make a grilled cheese in a toaster. Without a horrific mess. Easy and satisfying. Buy Now
Personalized Guitar Pick
Personalized Guitar Pick $14 Etsy Guitar picks get away from you like socks in the dryer. Give dad a guitar pick he won't ever want to lose. Buy Now
Corn On The Cob Grilling Basket
Corn on the Cob Grilling Basket $14.99 Uncommon Goods Some dads like to grill. If you can always find your father hovering over a smoking grill, this corn basket will help him stay efficient and organized. And it adds a smokiness to the corn. Buy Now
Doughnut Warming Mug
Handcrafted Rosewood Reading Glasses Stand
All About Beer Card Deck
All About Beer Card Deck $15.95 Uncommon Goods Dad might know he likes beer but does he know why?! Give the gift of education with this deck of beer cards. They're actual playing cards so he can play poker while learning trivia about IPAs and ales. Buy Now
Sport Tools Gift Card
Sport Tools Gift Card $20 Target You know what always comes in handy? A gift cards. If you have no idea what could be of use to your father, investing $20 dollars to a magnetic strip will never let the gift giver or recipient down. Let dad get what he knows he needs! Buy Now
Handmade Razor Blade Sharpener
Handmade Razor Blade Sharpener $19.95 Uncommon Goods Dad can't get the blade sharp enough? Arm him with the tool necessary to get the cleanest shave ever. This razor blade sharpener will do the trick! Buy Now
Molle Bottle Opener
Molle Bottle Opener $9.99 YETI Everybody needs a bottle opener. Whether it's for a bottle of coke or beer, on the road or at home. This bottle opener from YETI will do that trip no matter where your dads adventures take him. Buy Now
Habor Meat Thermometer
Habor Meat Thermometer $9.59 Amazon For the father obsessed with accuracy, this meat thermometer will yield the best possible (and food safety worthy) results for the meats that come off the grill, skillet or from the oven. Buy Now
Power Strip RAVPower Rotate Plug 4-in-1 Mini Surge Protector
Power Strip RAVPower Rotate Plug 4-in-1 Mini Surge Protector $14.99 Amazon Does dad have about a million wires? And are they all strung around the house like year round, less aesthetically pleasing Christmas lights? Get your dad organized with a power strip where everything has a space and purpose for charging all those digital things. Buy Now
Cruzy Kuzy Thick Leather Bike Cup Holder Handmade by Hide & Drink
During the past 25 years as a community activist I have requested more than 100 public records from the City of Wilmington. Most of the requests have been granted and a few were denied for various but valid reasons.
For the first time in in those 25 years my recent requests have been diverted to a Columbus law firm that responds to my requests for a fee of $170 to $200 per hour. The firm insists that I go against stated city policy and send my requests directly to them.
From City policy: “The Clerk of Council is the official Public Records Custodian of all records which are centrally maintained by the City. Department heads are the official custodians of all records maintained within their departments. Public records requests may be made directly to Department heads or through the Public Records Custodian.”
I have no problem with the records official seeking legal advice on complicated requests, but that's why we have an elected Law Director and the Service Director who happens to be an attorney and has given legal advice to the city in the past.
I have no knowledge as to whether or not my requests are the only ones being diverted. If all requests are being handled in this way the legal bills are mounting.
It appears to me, as an example, that a simple request for a record of correspondence between the Mayor and the defendant in a criminal case that did not lead to a judgment should be an easy and uncomplicated request to fill. If any doubts existed about the matter the Law Director and/or the Service Director could have advised the Clerk of Council. Instead the for profit law firm received and answered my request for the record.
For the record: “Ohio courts have long held that the Public Records Act should be construed liberally, in favor of broad access, and any doubt should be resolved in favor of disclosure.”
Paul Hunter
Wilmington
Editor's Note: In response to the above letter, the City of Wilmington has provided documentation to the News Journal regarding Mr. Hunter's repeated emailed requests and the city's efforts to fulfill them. The city states that the combination of the sheer numbers of Mr. Hunter's public records requests combined with some being vague, broad and/or redundant and the manpower of up to four people attempting to fulfill his broad requests has led to the city having to get a third party involved — Columbus attorney Mark Troutman.
Troutman has reiterated (along with specific corresponding court cases) in correspondence to Mr. Hunter that his requests are overly broad and voluminous, and that, “In an effort to fully work with you, the City has nonetheless undertaken efforts to search for records on the assumption that they could exist and that your request is not overly broad. After searching email accounts for the individuals listed in your requests and also interviewing them about the potential for responsive records, the City has found nothing responsive to your request.”
Top 5 attractions at Michael Schumacher's museum, the legend's private collection.
Dev Tyagi FOLLOW CONTRIBUTOR Top 5 / Top 10 662 // 04 Jul 2018, 13:10 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
A visit to Schumacher's museum beckons all motor-sport lovers
Unless you are an intrepid traveler, it is highly unlikely that you would set a foot outside of the customary, charming tourist attractions in Germany. The princely vibe of Munich combined with the air of ebullience and the excellent night-life of Berlin find great traction among globetrotting travelers.
Many an impassioned visitor re engulfed in the pleasantness in Frankfurt or consumed by the historic automotive relevance of Stuttgart.
The idea of visiting places like Marburg- a university town in Hesse- doesn't really feature that often on the itinerary of a traveler. After all, this quaint charming city offers the usual nonchalance you'd expect from a German destination flavored by old medieval churches and an unusually nicer urbanity when compared to the other cities of Hesse.
But in case, you thought that was all there is about the central-western German city, then think again. In the current context, if you think of Marburg, you cannot avoid thinking of a loud, garrulous sound that only an F1 car can produce. You think of Marburg and you think of 91 Grand Prix wins, 7 world championships, the famous smile, the twinkle in the eyes and the sport swept by an air of invincibility.
Does that ring a bell? Well, Marburg is most famous for housing a truly unique, one-of-a-kind Michael Schumacher exhibition.
Here are the top five sights that you can see at the truly unique Schumacher exhibit:
1. Championship-winning cars at the Marburg Schumacher exhibit
SCHUMACHER next to the 2012 car
Whether it's the car that Michael Schumacher used in the final race of his stellar run- the Mercedes W03 or the world-championship winning Ferrari F2004 or the legendary Benetton-Ford B194 that Schumacher drove in his fourth year in competitive Grand Prix racing can be found decked for display at the illustrious Michael Schumacher Marburg exhibit.
The most uplifting feeling is to be a witness to all the seven championship-winning cars and then to ponder just how was the driver able to remain right on top with such measured consistency?
Once you step afoot at the Marburg-Schumacher exhibit, you'll understand why they hail it as an emotionally-charged tribute to the life of a truly iconic champion driver.
NO BACKDOWN: Catholic teachers meet at C.ex Coffs to consider their next move in the dispute.
NO BACKDOWN: Catholic teachers meet at C.ex Coffs to consider their next move in the dispute. Trevor Veale
TEACHERS and support staff in Catholic schools in the Lismore Diocese and across NSW have turned down a proposed employers' enterprise agreement (EA).
The result of a week-long ballot process was not endorsed by the IEU and will now see the dispute continue into 2018.
The union campaigned for a no vote and received an 87.8 per cent agreement in response.
There were 15,968 teachers and support staff in 11 Catholic dioceses who voted and a resounding 14,031 voted down the employers' proposal.
At issue was the refusal to guarantee access to arbitration by the Fair Work Commission in regard to any future disputes about the EA and other agreed conditions.
IEC secretary John Quessy said the union argued the proposal put the rights and working conditions of staff at risk in Catholic systemic schools.
"This is a very solid result and we hope Catholic employers are listening to the voice of their employees,” he said.
"While I'm very pleased with the no vote this is not the end of the matter and we still need to thrash out an EA which is acceptable to our members.
He said the IEU is seeking to reopen a dialogue with Catholic employers.
"If employers have the best interests of their staff at heart they'll return to the bargaining table to negotiate a reasonable agreement.
"Members have shown they are willing to take strike action and employers should have no doubts about whether they will continue to if their right to arbitration in particular is not upheld.”
Although the dispute is not over pay, a 2.5% pay rise was settled nearly a year ago but has yet to be paid.
Allrounder Sean Williams has been left out of Zimbabwe's squad for the four-day test against South Africa at St George's Park this month.
The nuggety left-arm spinner and gritty middle order batsman missed Zimbabwe's last test‚ against West Indies in Bulawayo at the end of October‚ through illness.
But he has since regained fitness and has taken seven wickets in his last two first-class matches and scored 96 in his most recent innings.
Williams' skills wouldn't go amiss on Port Elizabeth's surface even though leg spinner Graeme Cremer is Zimbabwe's premier slow bowler.
Perhaps the selectors decided they could do without Williams on the strength of batsman Sikandar Raza taking 5/99 in the first innings against the Windies. Raza scored 80 and 89 in the same match.
Batsman Malcolm Waller‚ fast bowler Michael Chinouya and wicketkeeper Nyasha Mayovo were also left out.
The squad of 15 includes uncapped fast bowler Blessing Muzarabani — only 21 and with five first-class caps to his credit — and left-handed batsman Ryan Burl‚ who has played nine one-day internationals but no tests.
“While Malcolm Waller needs time to regain his test form‚ the other changes have been necessitated by our desire to give youngsters Blessing Muzarabani and Ryan Burl a chance‚” a Zimbabwe Cricket spokesperson told TimesLIVE.
“Nyasha Mayavo was left out because we will be travelling to South Africa with 15 players‚ not the 16 we had at home to the Windies.”
Aside from being the first test scheduled for four days since five-day matches became the norm in the format‚ the game‚ which starts on December 26‚ will be Zimbabwe's first day/night test.
The match could be a useful part of South Africa's preparations for their next opponents this summer‚ India.
But questions will be asked about the likely readiness of Virat Kohli's team for South African conditions in the wake of them scrapping a scheduled two-day tour match ahead of the first test at Newlands on January 5.
The decision is made stranger still by Kohli complaining last month that “ … unfortunately we get only two days before we fly to South Africa after this series [against Sri Lanka] gets over.
“So we have no choice but try to be in a game situation and think of what's coming ahead of us.
“Had we got a month off ideally we would have done a proper preparation in a camp sort of scenario but we have to sort of make do with what we have.”
Word from the subcontinent is that the Indians think they could do a better job acclimatising to the conditions by simulating match conditions rather than playing an actual match.
Not for the first time‚ the way India prefers to do things doesn't make sense.
Zimbabwe test squad: Graeme Cremer (captain)‚ Hamilton Masakadza‚ Craig Ervine‚ Brendan Taylor‚ Chamu Chibhabha‚ Regis Chakabva‚ Sikandar Raza‚ Ryan Burl‚ Tendai Chatara‚ Blessing Muzarabani‚ Tendai Chisoro‚ Peter Moor‚ Solomon Mire‚ Kyle Jarvis‚ Chris Mpofu.
Hwang discusses economic, diplomatic cooperation with Angolan minister
South Korea's Acting President and Prime Minister Hwang Kyo-ahn on Tuesday held talks with a visiting Angolan minister over bilateral cooperation on an array of issues, including North Korean provocations, Seoul officials said.
During his meeting with Angola's Foreign Minister Georges Rebelo Chikoti, Hwang took note of the African state's cooperation in enforcing international sanctions against Pyongyang, which has heightened cross-border tensions with a series of missile tests in recent months.
Chikoti pledged to closely cooperate with Seoul in addressing persistent security threats from Pyongyang, Hwang's office said in a press release.
On the economic front, Hwang expressed his expectation for expanded business exchanges. Chikoti explained to him Angola's efforts to diversify its economy and called for greater cooperation from Seoul.
Last year, two-way trade reached $730 million with South Korea exporting to Angola $550 million worth of products, such as cars and construction equipment, and importing 170 million worth of items such as liquefied petroleum gas and iron.
During the meeting, Chikoti delivered to Hwang a letter from Angolan President Jose Eduardo dos Santos. In the letter, the president "highly" evaluated the bilateral relationship, which was established in 1992, and voiced hopes for its continued development, according to the press release. (Yonhap)
Delph returns to England duty after birth of third child
Omnisport FOLLOW NEWS News 126 // 04 Jul 2018, 21:32 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Fabian Delph missed England's dramatic win over Colombia.
Fabian Delph has flown back out to rejoin the rest of the England squad at the World Cup following the birth of his third child.
The Manchester City midfielder returned home from Russia to be with wife Natalie straight after the 1-0 loss to Group G rivals Belgium, meaning he missed Tuesday's dramatic last-16 tie with Colombia.
England will face Sweden in the quarter-finals following their 4-3 shoot-out success, with Eric Dier converting the winning penalty in Moscow.
Alongside an Instagram picture of him sat on a jet, Delph wrote: ''I've just experienced the most amazing 24 hours.
"Watching my brothers come through a tough game both mentally and physically, I kicked every ball and felt every bit of emotion with the players, staff and fans.
''At 07:52, Me, my wife and two beautiful daughters welcomed there [sic] baby sister into the world. I can't put into words the happiness and gratitude I'm feeling ... Back to Russia now.''
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
These are the holiday escapes of two of the Hatton Garden gang – where they planned to live off the £14million spoils.
But instead of spending their days propping up bars in Spain and Portugal, John “Kenny” Collins and Terry Perkins now face dying behind bars – after each being given an extra seven years in jail.
As their sunshine homes were seized in a (proceeds) of crime probe, the Sunday People can reveal Collins, 77, had more than £1million in cash and assets.
As well as his £175,000 flat on the Costa del Sol, police have recovered £661,698 from nine bank accounts.
He must also hand over another £410,000 – half the value of the ex-council home he shared with his common law wife in Islington, North London.
(Image: Metropolitan Police)
(Image: Metropolitan Police)
Perkins, 69, who claims he suffered a heart attack in prison, has lost his £72,000 flat on the Algarve.
Police also seized £1,340 in cash and 330 euros.
All four men doing time for the raid over the Easter bank holiday three years ago were told this week they must each pay up to £7.6million – or spend another seven years in jail. A source said: “Kenny made a lot of money importing illegal cigarettes over the years.
“He didn't need any more when he did Hatton Garden. They'll both be fuming.” Collins, described by one of the gang as “wombat thick”, was only brought in on the job as a favour from his pal, mastermind Brian Reader, 78.
But he fell asleep while on lookout and had to be woken up by another gang member known as Basil, who has never been brought to justice. Collins led to the downfall of the gang after driving to the vault in his own distinctive Mercedes. Born into a large Irish family in Tottenham, North London, he is said to like a Guinness – his flat near Malaga is close to Casey Duke's Irish bar.
Perkins had planned to buy more property in Portugal with his cut, hoping to rent it out. He had previously built a property empire on the proceeds of armed robbery – but lost it when he was jailed in 1985 over a £5million Security Express armed robbery in Shoreditch, East London.
He went “on his toes” near the end of his 22-year sentence but was recaptured –and had only been out three years when he joined the Hatton Garden gang.
Collins, Perkins and Daniel Jones, 63, are serving seven years, while Reader was jailed for six years, three months and had hoped to be freed later this year having served half his sentence.
(Image: PA)
Since being arrested, the men have suffered from throat cancer, a stroke and a heart attack.
Reader is wheelchair-bound and has lost most of his sight and hearing while being treated for prostate cancer.
In his ruling last week, judge Chris­topher Kinch QC said the men had benefited from an estimated £13.69million of cash, gold and gems stolen from 73 boxes at Hatton Garden Safe Deposit in London's jewellery quarter.
They had abseiled down a lift shaft, disabled the hi-tech alarm and used a diamond-tip drill to cut through the wall.
(Image: PA)
The judge acknowledged the men's health problems, but said: “It is difficult to endorse particular treatment for someone who chooses to commit ­offences at the advanced stage of their lives that some of these were.”
The men were ordered to hand over sums ranging from £6,526,571 to £7,686,039. The Crown Prosecution Service said afterwards: “Much of the stolen property has not been returned.
“If further assets become available, the CPS will ask the court to increase these confiscation orders.”
Barrister Tom Wainwright, for Reader, said his client's sentence “does not have to be very long for it to mean he will serve the rest of his life in custody”.
The story of Reader's life has been told in a Mirror book, One Last Job, lifting the lid on his decades as “the last of the gentleman thieves”.
Speaking Freely, Retiring Sen. Corker Warns GOP He Could Oppose Tax Plan
Enlarge this image toggle caption Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images
At the marathon Senate Budget Committee hearing this week, Sen. Bob Corker, R-Tenn., strolled in like a man who had just quit his job and was ready to tell the boss what he really thinks.
"I have difficulty putting that much energy into discussing this budget document because this is some of the most meaningless work that we do here," Corker said with a sigh. "It has nothing to do with the chairman or the committee. It's a waste of time."
Corker announced last week he plans to retire at the end of this Congress. He's never been slow to voice his opinions — even ones that go against the party line — but he seems to be speaking even more freely since he announced he won't run for re-election.
"I mean, I still want to be myself here. I don't want to all of a sudden, I'm leaving and I act differently," Corker told reporters when asked about the apparent uptick in his candor on Capitol Hill. "Do you feel a little bit more [free]? I don't know, maybe."
Corker drew a lot of attention this week to his critical comments about the "chaos" in the Trump administration on foreign policy and tensions inside the State Department.
But Republicans concerned about the party's scorecard for legislative victories this year should be more focused on Corker's fresh warning signals that he's not fully on board for the GOP's early outline of tax legislation.
At committee hearings, to party leaders, at private Senate lunch meetings and to the media this week, Corker has laid bare his concerns about a tax bill that threatens to add to the federal budget deficit.
"Unless it reduces deficits — let me say that one more time — unless it reduces deficits and does not add to deficits with reasonable and responsible growth models, and unless we can make it permanent, I don't have any interest in it," Corker said at the Budget Committee hearing.
Republicans have outlined the framework for their tax bill that aims to reduce the corporate and individual tax rate, collapse individual tax brackets from seven to three and eliminate certain deductions to help pay for it.
The questions that Corker raises — whether it will add to the deficit, how much economic growth it will produce and whether they will expire or be made permanent — have not yet been answered.
Republicans first need to pass a budget resolution, the annual political exercise Corker derided as a "waste of time" at this week's hearing because of the hours of theatrics required to pass a resolution along a predictable party line vote.
The resolution, once approved by both chambers, will pave the way for Senate Republicans to pass tax legislation that only requires 50 votes. It is that same process Republicans used to try and pass health care legislation without needing any Democrats.
Just like on health care, Republicans can only lose two votes and still pass a tax bill if no Democrats support it. That's why securing Corker's vote is critical.
Senate Finance Chairman Ron Wyden, D-Ore., who also sits on the Budget Committee, was there for Corker's remarks this week. He says Republicans risk defeat because they are employing the same tactics they used on health care to try and get a tax bill passed.
"Let's put it this way: In the health care bill, a number of senators just point blank said this kind of [bill] — where you're just to drive it through on a partisan basis, where you don't have any [Congressional Budget Office] score, where you have really fanciful notions with respect to the revenue and the like — a bunch of them said, 'Nothing doing,' and the bill went down," Wyden said, in reference to Sens. John McCain of Arizona and Susan Collins of Maine, who were decisive "no" votes on health care.
NPR via YouTube
"Now usually you learn from something that turned out to be a debacle, but as of now they seem inclined to go down the same path," Wyden added.
Senate Republicans believe that they will write a tax bill Corker can support.
"I think Sen. Corker is one of the brightest guys in the entire conference. I think he is sincere in his concerns. I'd much rather have him expressing that now than in the last few days before a vote," said Sen. Mike Rounds, R-S.D., "He adds value and he will make our product better."
Most Republicans freely admit that the political pressure has only ratcheted up to pass a tax bill following the party's failure to repeal the Affordable Care Act. Corker is notably not one of them. "Some people may be feeling we have to do tax reform, even if we do the wrong kind of tax reform, just to deliver," he said, "This is about substance to me it's not about politics."
The substance on the deficit is this: In the most recent four fiscal years the federal government spent roughly between $400- and $600 billion more than it took in every year. In September, the U.S. national debt crossed a staggering $20 trillion mark for the first time.
"It's really disheartening to watch how many people are putting the debt second to their desire for big tax cuts when what we need to do is reform the tax code," said Maya MacGuineas, who runs the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget, a fiscal watchdog group. "If we have a tax cut right now at a time when the economy doesn't need stimulus, and our debt is at near record levels, that will do a lot of damage for the economy and it will be a huge missed opportunity."
For deficit hawks like Corker, it is unconscionable to vote for tax cuts if he believes it means more deficits and more debt. "This is the most passionate thing for me, period, that I work on. Not foreign policy, not banking. It's this deficit issue," said Corker, who is the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. "And through the years, especially after Election Day, I've just seen it's like party time up here. Nobody cares about deficits anymore."
Republicans who loudly criticized the Obama administration for deficit spending are more muted now that the GOP is in control. One of the most prominent ones is Mick Mulvaney, who was a vocal deficit hawk when he served in Congress but this week said "new deficits" could be necessary to achieve higher rates of economic growth.
"If we simply look at this as being deficit-neutral, you're never going to get the type of tax reform and tax reductions that you need to get to sustain 3 percent economic growth," he told Fox News Sunday.
That argument is unlikely to win over Republicans like Corker, who repeated this week that he views the deficit as the biggest threat to the nation.
"I'm doing what I can hopefully in a nice way to try and steer us back to the fact that deficits matter. They're a greater threat to us than North Korea or [the Islamic State]," he said.
And Corker could be a bigger threat to the Republican tax bill than the party realizes.
Published:
Former Chairman of Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) Nuhu Ribadu has revealed that Nigeria is the only African nation to recover stolen money abroad. Ribadu spoke at an anti corruption townhall meeting, entitled “A spanner in the wheel of corruption,” organised by Shehu Musa Yar'Adua Foundation and held in Abuja on Monday.
According to him, the nation's anti corruption body must be ready to fight corruption where they have made remarkable progress.“Nigeria is the only country that has successfully recovered stolen money taken abroad. Other countries in Africa and other places have tried but they never succeeded". he said.
He decried the high rate of corruption in the country, pointing out that Nigeria had the highest number of corruption cases in the world, which is “probably bigger” than cases in all African countries put together.
Meanwhile, Nuhu Ribadu has also stated that the commission has done well in its war against corruption. He said for the war to be successful, law enforcement agencies like the Independent Corrupt Practices and Other Related Offences Commission (ICPC) and the police must “wake up from their slumber.”He noted that the EFCC alone has over 3800 ongoing corruption cases in the courts, not to talk of other cases.
Ribadu said: “They (EFCC) has done fairly well. You need to see what these people go through to get one case to court. It is hell. Because some people will do everything possible to make sure you don't drag them to court. They do not even sleep.
"Let the ICPC wake up from this their slumber and start doing something too. Same with government ministries. There are lots of government agencies that are not doing anything to support the fight against corruption.
"The Nigeria police force should also wake up and do what the EFCC is doing. Same with the law enforcement agencies and the judiciary; why are we not getting the convictions in the corruption cases? They have a role to play as well.”
Share This
This photo, taken on Aug. 14, 2017, shows a book of copies of the medical records of soldiers hit by mental illness during World War II at Asai Hospital in the city of Togane in Japan`s Chiba Prefecture. (Yonhap)
TOGANE, Japan -- Korean conscripts of the Japanese Imperial Army who were stricken with mental illness during World War II suffered from symptoms of post-traumatic stress disorder, according to copies of Japanese hospital-kept clinical records obtained Monday by Yonhap News Agency.Asai Hospital in the city of Togane, Japan's Chiba Prefecture, has kept clinical records on about 8,000 former soldiers who developed mental illness on Japan's battlefields in the Pacific War, including about 100 former conscripts who hailed from the Korean Peninsula. Before and during the war, Japan placed the peninsula under its colonial rule from 1910-45 and forced many Korean people to fight for the country.Located about a 2 1/2-hour drive from Tokyo, the hospital specialized in the treatment of mental illness has kept stacks of the records in a warehouse on its grounds.Toshio Asai, the deceased former chief of the hospital, had them in his custody after working as a psychiatrist at the Japanese Army's Konodai Hospital in the city of Ichikawa, Chiba, that was designated as a military medical facility for soldiers hit by mental illness.Asai had hidden the records, a collection of 1,000 books classified by the years when the patients were evacuated to be treated for illness, defying an Army order to have them burned following Japan's defeat in the war.According to the copies, the agony of a Korean conscript surnamed Kim suffering mental illness included a description of the extent of the war's terrible situation and his unwanted participation in the conflict inflicted on him.Born in 1924, the native of Gyeonggi Province near Seoul was conscripted in April 1945 before being diagnosed with a case of mental illness in October the same year."He got up all of a sudden at night and began to cry, saying 'Aigo,' and sometimes he beat his head with both of his hands," the records said.Kim also went on the rampage and broke panes of glass in a bathroom before the hospital took measures to restrain him.Even though the war ended in 1945, his illness continued to plague him until he died at the hospital in 2000 at the age of 76.Hiroshi Shimizu, an 81-year-old honorary professor at Japan's Saitama University who carried out research on the clinical records along with Asai, has delivered the records of Kim's case to his younger brother living in South Korea.Learning about Kim's death four years later, the younger brother contacted Shimizu for the medical records on Kim."His mother passed away without knowing about his son's fate,"Shimizu said, adding that he sent Kim's bereaved family a report based on his sickbed records.Shimizu lamented, "I can't imagine how miserable the family members were when they read the report." (Yonhap)
Swimming - Olympic great Hackett arrested after 'breakdown'
by Reuters 15 Feb 2017, 11:30 IST
Olympic swimmer Grant Hackett of Australia speaks at a news conference at an event to unveil the new line of Speedo LZR Racer X swimsuits in the Manhattan borough of New York City, December 15, 2015. REUTERS/Mike Segar/Files
MELBOURNE (Reuters) - Australian long distance swimming great Grant Hackett was arrested and detained by police in the Gold Coast on Wednesday after a "breakdown" at his parents' home, local media reported.
The troubled triple Olympic champion's father told local newspaper, the Gold Coast Bulletin, that he had called the police so his 36-year-old son could be given help.
"Grant's got a medical problem and it manifested itself here this morning... he was raving and ranting a bit," Neville Hackett told the paper.
"He's been receiving treatment from a doctor. He's big and powerful when he's not happy. We decided he needed some treatment but there was no way he was going to go and get treatment this morning, so we called the police.
"The only way the police can do anything under the law of the land is to arrest him for domestic violence."
Neville Hackett said the swimmer had not made any threats but was not "what you say is a normal person".
Local broadcaster Channel Seven posted video footage of Hackett being driven to a local police station in handcuffs.
A Queensland Police spokesman said a man had been arrested "following a disturbance at a Surfer's Avenue address at Mermaid Waters around midday".
Grant Hackett's agent was unavailable for comment.
Hackett won 1,500 metres gold at the 2000 Sydney Olympics and at Athens in 2004 before retiring after the 2008 Games in Beijing, where he won silver in the event.
The 10-times world champion returned to the pool last year to make an unsuccessful bid to qualify for the Rio Olympics.
He was questioned by airport police in Melbourne last April after an altercation with a passenger on a flight. He said he had been binge drinking in the wake of his Olympic disappointment and publicly apologised.
Hackett has previously struggled with prescription drug problems and admitted he became dependent on a sleep medication.
The swimmer flew to the United States in 2014 to spend time in a rehab centre after he was spotted topless and disoriented in the lobby of a Melbourne casino.
(Reporting by Ian Ransom; Editing by John O'Brien)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A six-year-old girl has been left with the mental age of a toddler after becoming brain damaged from infected chickenpox.
Lacey Ainley is now trying to learn to walk and talk again after the infected spot inside her nose caused her to have a seizure, the Hull Daily Mail reports.
She was rushed to hospital on December 21 and spent Christmas on life surpport in her hospital bed after needing emergency surgery when scans showed she had a "black shadow" at the back of her brain.
Her father, Mark, who had already lost one child who died just minutes after birth, discovered Lacey fitting in her bedroom.
(Image: HullDailyMail/ WS)
He was told by doctors that there was a chance Lacey would not make it out of surgery alive.
The dad-of-six said: “It was terrifying, especially after losing a kid in 2016.
“He was alive when he came out of the womb but his heart rate dropped to zero and they couldn't bring him back.
“To see Lacey all wired up and drugged up was not nice.
“I had already lost one child and I don't think I would have coped if I'd have lost another.
“I was so scared for her and it was horrible. We had everyone praying for her.
“When they took her into theatre there was a risk she wouldn't wake up – but she's a fighter like her father.”
(Image: HullDailyMail/ WS)
Lacey, who lives in Bridlington, East Yorkshire, survived the operation on her brain and came off the life support machine on Christmas Eve.
She finally woke up after days of being sedated on Christmas morning but was not allowed back home for another six weeks.
Doctors still do not know for definite what led to the youngster suffering brain damage.
However, they told Mr Ainley the infection could have been caused by a spread of chickenpox.
“We still don't know what she had,” the 34-year-old said.
“We think it was an infection that came from inside her nose when she had chickenpox two months before and that went to the back of her brain.”
Although it has now been three months since Lacey was admitted to hospital, the youngster is still suffering from the effects of brain damage.
(Image: HullDailyMail/ WS)
The schoolgirl had delayed development but Mr Ainley thinks she now has the mental age of a two-year-old.
He said: “Lacey is six years old but it has knocked her right back to being two or three years old again.
“Her speech has changed and we've got to put nappies on her again because sometimes she has accidents.
“The school she was at can't do anything to meet her needs so she is going to have to go to a special needs school.
“I never thought her having chickenpox would lead to this.
“Obviously we treated her right away but we really didn't think it would get infected like it did.”
Determined to help Lacey after her Christmas was ruined, friends and charities have come together to support the Ainleys.
(Image: HullDailyMail/ WS)
Bridlington Round Table put on a surprise party for the youngster to give her “the Christmas she missed,” whereas Caroline McCracken set up a GoFundMe page to help the family financially.
Mr Ainley said the support shown by the community has been phenomenal and he praised them for coming to the family's aid in their hour of need.
“It's not money for me – it's all for Lacey and when get well enough we want to use it to take her on holiday to somewhere like Butlins.
“We just want to get her away for a bit. She has been through a hell of a lot so she deserves that.
“It's so great to have all this support. We can't thank people enough.”
You can donate to the fundraising page set up for Lacey here .
Unravelling the secret behind Neymar's stellar scoring record for Brazil
Neymar has scored international goals at a higher rate than Ronaldo, Lionel Messi, and Cristiano Ronaldo!
Brazil has seen some legendary footballers over the years, so much so that Pele once said: “Brazil eats, sleeps and drinks football. It lives football.”
Pele might be the greatest player that Brazil has produced in its history, but there is a long line - from Arthur Friedenreich to Garrincha to Zico to Ronaldo, with numerous names in between - that have enthralled fans over the years.
If you had to name one player from the current generation who is likely to end up alongside those greats, then it is definitely Barcelona star Neymar da Silva Santos Júnior. The stylish Brazil and Barcelona forward casts a spell every time he steps out on the ground with his Nike Hypervenom boots that help him score goals at an unmatched rate.
Having just turned 25 a couple of weeks ago, Neymar already has 50 international goals to his name. He has taken just 75 matches to get to that mark, scoring at a rate of 0.67 goals per game.
Compare that to Ronaldo, undoubtedly one of the greatest Brazilian footballers of all time, who managed to find the net 62 times in 98 matches which is 0.63 goals per game (lesser than Neymar's).
Compare Neymar's scoring rate at the international level to the two best footballers of this generation and he comes out on top by a long margin. Lionel Messi's rate of scoring for Argentina is 0.49 goals per game while Cristiano Ronaldo scores 0.50 goals per game for Portugal.
Player Goals Matches Goals per Match Neymar Jr. 50 75 0.67 Ronaldo 62 98 0.63 Cristiano Ronaldo 68 136 0.50 Lionel Messi 57 116 0.49
With time on his side, Neymar should also be able to break Pele's record of most goals for the Brazilian national team (77). His prime attributes – dribbling and finishing – a lethal combination for a forward are accentuated with the gear he wears as the Nike Hypervenom with its unique features help him accentuate these very skills and make him a nightmare for the defenders.
One criticism of Neymar has been that despite his outstanding international record individually, he hasn't been able to guide the Selecao to a major international title yet. But at the age of 25, he has time on his side and things seem to be going in the right direction for Brazil, having won Gold at the Olympics on home soil and then defeating arch-rivals Argentina 3-0 in a World Cup qualifier last year.
A look back at Neymar's career so far
Neymar's incredible ability is also quite evident in club football. Since making his debut for Santos in 2009 as a 17-year-old, the Mogi das Cruzes-born forward has grown from strength to strength.
In 2011, Neymar was adjudged as the best player of the tournament when Santos lifted the Copa Libertadores - the most prestigious club competition in South America - for the first time since 1963. He hadn't even turned 20 at the time!
Neymar's move to Barcelona has seen him be a vital part of one of the deadliest front 3 ever assembled.
Two years later, Neymar would make a much-anticipated transfer to Spanish giants FC Barcelona. The club already had in Messi one of the best players of all time and there were doubts if the two could play together.
Although Barcelona went trophy less in Neymar's first season in Europe, the entire scene changed in 2014/15. Alongside Messi and Luis Suarez, Neymar flourished as Barcelona would go on to win the treble - La Liga, Copa del Rey and the UEFA Champions League.
He scored 10 goals (joint top goal-scorer) in the Champions League that season which included goals in the final against Juventus, both legs of the semi-final against Bayern Munich and both legs of the quarter-final against Paris Saint-Germain.
Still only 23 at that time, Neymar had already won the biggest club tournaments in South America and Europe. At the end of the year, he made it to the podium at the FIFA Ballon d'Or, finishing third behind Messi and Cristiano.
He followed the treble-winning season with his best goal-scoring season in the league. In 2015/16, Neymar would score 24 goals in the league as Barcelona won the domestic double of La Liga and Copa del Rey.
Already filled with immense talent, Neymar has also found the perfect partner in the Nike Hypervenom boots that he sports on the field. The Nike Hypervenom is designed to help one's shot speed and enables quick change in direction, and we can see that evidently in Neymar's game.
You, too, can kit up like Neymar and try to replicate his scoring record by getting the new Nike Hypervenom, exclusively available on Jabong.
Sector W7-1 permit holders can use spaces in W7-2, but not the other way round. Permit holders of sector E9-2 are allowed to use parking spaces in E7 and E9-1 but not the other way round. Permit holders for sector E20-2 are allowed to use parking spaces in W15-2, but not the other way round.
Principles of healthy eating
Rochester, Minnesota - Are you confused about what diet advice to follow? Trying to keep up with discussions about the science of food and metabolism, the environmental impacts of our food system, and the influence of politics and food policy makes my head spin.
That's why I appreciate the thoughtful and commonsense words of nutrition advocates Walter Willet, M.D., Dr. P.H., and David Katz, M.D., M.P.H. They lead a team of nutrition and food system experts to outline what they call the "Oldways Common Ground Consensus."
Their message is comprehensive yet not overwhelming. I'd like to share a summary with you:
Food should be good for us. Food should promote health and taste good. Food connects people to their culture and to one another. So celebrate your food traditions and enjoy sharing meals with family and friends.
No one diet is the best. Healthy diets include more plants, such as vegetables, fruits, whole grains, nuts and legumes, and less red and processed meats, sweetened foods and beverages. Healthy diets also include seafood a few times a week.
The food system needs to work for everyone. Too many people experience hunger and food insecurity. At the same time, there's significant waste in the food system. Food waste is not only a failure to feed the hungry but an insult to the environment as well. Our food system needs to be reformed.
The basics haven't changed. We don't completely understand all the details about nutrition and the role it plays in metabolism. As we experiment and learn about nutrition, however, we should not lose sight of the basic concepts of a healthy diet. In other words, one flashy headline does not discredit solid fundamentals.
Let's keep an open mind to the evolution of food and nutrition science. At the same time, we should keep practicing the basics of a healthy lifestyle. Often the best things in life are simple.
“U.S. immigration authorities have detained a 23-year-old Mexican man who was brought to the United States illegally as a child and given a work permit during the Obama administration,” Reuters reports.
“The man's lawyers say this could be the first time under U.S. President Donald Trump that a person covered by the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, or DACA, has been taken into immigration custody. The program was established in 2012 by Democratic President Barack Obama to allow those brought to the country while young to attend school and work.”
For members: The Deportations Have Begun
London: India's most wanted terrorist Dawood Ibrahim has been linked to a series of properties across Britain, according to a media report today.
The 62-year-old fugitive mafia boss, wanted in India as the mastermind of the Mumbai bomb blasts in 1993 and accused of crimes such as match-fixing and extortion, accrued a vast property portfolio across the Midlands and south-east in the UK as well as India, the United Arab Emirates, Spain, Morocco, Turkey, Cyprus and Australia, 'The Times' reported.
The newspaper matched details from a dossier prepared by Indian authorities to records held by the UK's Companies House and the Land Registry, as well as the Panama Papers to form a snapshot of the alleged property portfolio.
It is claimed? his syndicate, known as D-Company, once smuggled drugs through Pakistan and across Indian borders for shipment to Europe and North America from the ports at Mumbai, as portrayed in a new BBC series 'McMafia'.
Ibrahim, believed to be hiding in Pakistan, is the inspiration behind an Indian underworld don named "Dilly Mahmood" in the eight-part television series, which highlights the misuse of Britain by globally organised crime syndicates.
"Britain features in his (Ibrahim's) criminal world as a place where he can launder money ? a classic?'McMafia'?tactic. He is thought to have property interests in a variety of southern English counties like Essex and Kent," Misha Glenny, who wrote the non-fiction book 'McMafia: A Journey Through the Global Criminal Underworld'?and is an executive producer on the TV series, told the newspaper.
"But we can't know for certain because the government has been dragging its heels in legislating to force transparency of the beneficial owners of companies registered in our overseas territories," she noted.
In an apparent parallel with Ibrahim, Dilly Mahmood is portrayed as an ambitious gangster rising from a modest background to dominate the black market in Mumbai in the series.
Documents seen by this newspaper also allege that on Ibrahim's behalf his right-hand?man, Muhammed Iqbal "Mirchi" Memon, accrued a vast property portfolio in the UK which includes hotels, mansions, tower blocks and houses in suburbs in the south-east of England.
Memon, also a suspect in the 1993 Mumbai attacks, had sought refuge in London after the blasts and attempts to extradite him to India had failed.
He was never convicted of any crimes and denied his involvement in Ibrahim's cartel. Memon, who held 11 company directorships in tiling, construction and lettings firms in Britain, died after suffering a heart attack in London in 2013.
Ibrahim, who has an Interpol red notice against him, has been on the UK Treasury sanctions list for years with three recorded addresses in Pakistan.
The gangster's place of birth is recorded as?Kher, Ratnagiri, Maharashtra,?and his nationality is listed as "Indian" with a recorded Indian passport, which was subsequently revoked by the government of India.
Financial sanctions in force in the UK cover measures such as prohibiting the transfer of funds to a sanctioned country and targeted asset freezes on individuals.
In relation to the alleged properties?associated with him in the UK,?Ibrahim would now be a likely target for new 'Unexplained Wealth Orders' introduced by the UK government this week.
UK security minister Ben Wallace, who has described the portrayal of crime bosses in 'McMafia' as "very close to the truth",?wants the "full force of the government" to bear down on criminals and corrupt politicians using Britain as a playground and haven.
"'McMafia'?is one of those things where you realise that fact is ahead of fiction. It's a really good portrayal of sharp-suited wealthy individuals, but follow the money and it ends up with a young girl getting trafficked for sex," he told 'The Times' in an interview.
"When we get to you, we will come for you, for your assets and we will make the environment that you live in difficult," he warned.
Unexplained wealth orders (UWOs) will require individuals suspected of serious crime or involvement in bribery or corruption to explain the source of property valued at more than 50,000 pounds.
For the first time the UK law also extends recovery powers to cover "politically exposed persons" from countries outside the European Union (EU).
The UK government?estimates that about 90 billion pounds of illegal cash is laundered in Britain every year.
NEW YORK (AP) — A.R. Gurney, a Pulitzer Prize-nominated playwright whose work offered a window into the inner lives of the upper-crust white Anglo-Saxon Protestants he grew up among, has died. He was 86.
Gurney's agent Jonathan Lomma says Gurney died Tuesday at his home in Manhattan. No cause of death was given.
Among his more well-known works are “The Dining Room,” for which he was named a Pulitzer finalist for drama in 1985, “Love Letters,” and “The Cocktail Hour.” He was a prolific writer, producing almost 50 plays during his career along with a number of musicals and three novels.
Gurney, born in Buffalo, New York, is survived by his wife; four children; eight grandchildren, and a brother and sister.
ST. LOUIS — Javon Bess had 17 points and 11 rebounds and made all six of his free throws Saturday night to help Saint Louis beat Fordham 73-50.
The Billikens (13-11, 6-5 Atlantic 10) led 37-18 at halftime after closing the first half with a 15-0 run and maintained a double-digit edge throughout the second half, keeping their lead between 12 and 23 in the period.
Jalen Johnson had 14 points, D.J. Foreman scored 12 and Hasahn French had 11 points and 11 rebounds for Saint Louis. Jordan Goodwin added nine points, 10 rebounds, five assists and four steals. Goodwin grabbed six of his boards on the offensive glass.
Saint Louis had 17 offensive rebounds and a 48-31 overall advantage on the glass.
Honolulu
The Syrian grandmother at the center of Hawaii's lawsuit challenging President Donald Trump's travel ban on people from six mostly Muslim countries arrived in Honolulu Saturday night.
Ismail Elshikh, the imam of a Honolulu mosque, said his 52-year-old mother-in-law Wafa Yahia received approval from the US government several weeks ago. She arrived at Honolulu's Daniel K. Inouye International Airport Saturday evening on a flight from San Francisco in a 28-hour journey that started in Lebanon, he said.
Elshikh is a plaintiff in Hawaii's challenge to the travel ban. The lawsuit argues that the ban prevented his Syrian mother-in-law from visiting.
The complex legal wrangling over the travel ban is ongoing. A federal appeals court in Seattle is scheduled to hear arguments later this month in the government's appeal of a judge's ruling in July that allows grandmothers and other family members of those in the US who may enter the country.
The US Supreme Court previously allowed a scaled-back version of the ban to go into effect before it hears the case in October. The justices exempted visa applicants from the ban if they can prove a “bona fide” relationship with a US citizen or entity.
“The news that Dr. Elshikh's family is being reunited is one bright moment today when love trumped hate,” Hawaii Attorney General Doug Chin said in a statement. “In America, no race should ever be excluded, no religion should ever be hated, and no family ever gets left behind.”
Yahia's immigrant visa approval would not affect Hawaii's lawsuit, Chin said: “So long as this discriminatory and illegal executive order is not struck down, the state of Hawaii and its residents are harmed.”
Two of Elshikh's five children have never met her, he said. She last visited her family in Hawaii in 2005.
“Without the lawsuit, we couldn't get the visa. Without this challenge, my children would not have been reunited with their grandma,” he said. “I still feel sadness for those who are still affected by the Muslim ban, who are not as lucky as my family.”—AP
NEW YORK—With backyard barbecues and fireworks thundering across night skies, Americans are celebrating Independence Day by participating in time-honoured traditions that express pride in their country's 242nd birthday. But this quintessential American holiday will also be marked with a sense of a United States divided for some — evidenced by competing televised events in the nation's capital.
U.S. flags surrounding the Washington Monument are backlit by the rising sun on Independence Day on Wednesday. From New York to California, July Fourth festivities will be at times lively and lighthearted, with Macy's July Fourth fireworks and Nathan's Famous hotdog eating contest. ( J. David Ake / The Associated Press )
From New York to California, July Fourth festivities will be at times lively and lighthearted, with Macy's July Fourth fireworks and Nathan's Famous hotdog eating contest . The day's events will also be stately and traditional, with parades lining streets across the country and the world's oldest commissioned warship firing a 21-gun salute to mark the 242 years since the signing of the Declaration of Independence. For some Western states, however, the holiday will be a bit more muted as high wildfire danger forces communities to cancel fireworks displays.
Article Continued Below
Here are highlights of Wednesday's festivities so far: A HISTORIC PARADE Crowds are lining the streets in a Rhode Island town to see what's billed as the nation's oldest continuous Fourth of July celebration. Begun in 1785, the Bristol parade typically attracts about 100,000 people to the seaside town. This year's will be a scorcher. When the parade kicked off at 10:30 a.m., the temperature was hovering near 90 degrees. The Providence Journal reports there will be water stations along the four-kilometre route and medical personnel will watch the marchers for signs of heat illnesses.
The fire chief told the newspaper it has been a few years since it has been this hot during the parade. Democratic Gov. Gina Raimondo, U.S. Sen. Jack Reed, U.S. Rep. David Cicilline and other officials plan to march.
Article Continued Below
Read more: Thousands expected to boycott Ottawa's Fourth of July party in protest of Trump OLDEST WARSHIP The USS Constitution will sail in Boston Harbor and fire her guns again to mark Independence Day. The plan was for the world's oldest commissioned warship to leave its berth at the Charlestown Navy Yard on Wednesday and glide through the harbour to mark 242 years since the signing of the Declaration of Independence. The ship nicknamed “Old Ironsides” was to travel to Fort Independence on Castle Island and fire a 21-gun salute. The 101st Field Artillery from the Massachusetts National Guard was to return the salute. An additional 17-gun salute will fire as the Constitution passes the U.S. Coast Guard Station, the former site of the shipyard where the vessel was built in 1797. DUELING CELEBRATIONS The country's longest-running live national July Fourth television tradition — PBS' broadcast of music and fireworks from the U.S. Capitol's West Lawn — is facing new counterprogramming from the White House, which is hosting its own concert and view of the National Park Service's fireworks show. PBS' A Capitol Fourth has the bigger stars, including The Beach Boys, Jimmy Buffett, Pentatonix, Chita Rivera, Luke Combs and The Temptations. It will be hosted by John Stamos. The entertainers on the 90-minute White House event airing on the Hallmark Channel include singer-songwriter Sara Evans, pianist Lola Astanova and former American Idol finalists Jonny Brenns and Jaxe. Both shows will include the fireworks display from the National Park Service. First lady Melania Trump said in a statement that the White House show would allow Americans to “tune in from their homes and be part of the festivities.” PBS declined to comment. LIGHTING UP THE NIGHT SKIES In New York, the Macy's fireworks show over the East River promises 25 minutes of sparkle and “ahhhh,” plus the West Point Band and entertainers including Kelly Clarkson, Ricky Martin and Keith Urban on NBC's broadcast. But some places in the American West have cancelled their planned July Fourth fireworks because of high wildfire danger and others are doing drone light displays instead of pyrotechnics. In Colorado, the wildfire danger forced some communities to cancel their July 4th fireworks. However, other shows will still go as planned in Denver, Colorado Springs and Fort Collins. The small mountain town of Silverton in southwestern Colorado called off the fireworks part of its annual Independence Day party, but the rest of Wednesday's celebration is still on, including live music and a parade that ends with a water fight with firefighters. Aspen will have a fireproof drone light display above town. NEW AMERICANS, DIVIDED AMERICA Across the country, this Fourth of July is the first that many people will be able to call themselves U.S. citizens after participating in naturalization ceremonies. They'll pledge allegiance to a country where some people lament that the ability to debate respectfully the toughest issues of the day seems hopelessly lost. For Brad Messier, a chef in Portland, Maine, the holiday “seems to illustrate the glaring divides that we have.” “How much does going and seeing fireworks really bring people together?” he asks. But in rural Shelby County, Alabama, retired truck driver Floyd Champion views these as the best of times in America. “I love the holiday because it's our independence,” he said.
Read more about:
Offering customers the option to use recycled materials is just one benefit that Shepherd Thermoforming & Packaging (Brampton, ON, Canada) provides through its recycled PET (RPET) materials program. They can choose RPET, made from up to 100% post-consumer recycled PET water bottles, for their packaging needs, and contribute to diverting an estimated 43 million water bottles from landfills, according to Mark Shepherd, CFO of the family-owned business. In 2016, the company processed close to four million pounds of RPET.
Shepherd told PlasticsToday in a phone interview that the recycled content varies. “Our suppliers say they can produce 100% recycled material; on average, it ranges from 30 to 60% recycled content,” Shepherd commented.
New Delhi: The two-day nationwide strike by employees of public sector banks (PSBs) may affect customer transactions worth up to Rs 20,000 crore, industry body Assocham said on Wednesday, urging the United Forum of Bank Unions (UFBU) to call off the strike.
The chamber also urged the government to come up with a stimulus plan for restoring the health of public sector banks.
State-owned lenders are grappling with high levels of bad loans and as per reports their losses for the quarter ended March 2018 are set to hit a record Rs 50,000 crore which is more than double the losses of Rs 19,000 crore in preceding quarter ended December 2017, Assocham said in a statement.
"Considering such a precarious situation, we at Assocham would urge the government to come up with a stimulus plan which must include restoring the PSBs to health," Assocham Secretary General D S Rawat said.
"With about 10 lakh bank employees going on strike, banking operations such as cheque clearances, cash withdrawals and deposits at PSB branches across India will be affected," he added.
The UFBU, an umbrella body of nine bank unions, has gone on strike against the proposed wage hike of 2 percent as against 15 percent given last time, All India Bank Employees Association general secretary C H Venkatachalam said.
Consequently, banking activities in public sector banks across the country have been interrupted.
However, operations in the new-generation private banks like ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank, Axis Bank were almost normal, barring few activities including cheque clearance.
Since the strike coincides with the month-end, salary withdrawals from branches are likely to get affected. Some ATMs may also take a hit.
Besides, deposit in branches, FD renewal, government treasury operation, money market operation would see the impact of the strike.
Faisalabad
Lala Nasir Masih Kabaddi Club Gokhowal won the “3rd All Punjab Gospel Youth Mission Christian Kabaddi Tournament” by defeating Gill Kabadi Club with 32-27 points.
Chief Organizer Pastor Rizwan Saqib said here Sunday that eight christian kabaddi clubs participated in the tournament played at Penta Ground Warispura.
District Sports Officer Tariq Nazir and President Divisional Kabaddi Association Chaudhary Javaid Kamal witnessed the final event and later on distributed cash prizes and trophies among the position holders.—APP
The remains of five archbishops have been discovered in a tomb beneath a London, U.K. church, which now houses the Garden Museum, according to a press release.
Twenty coffins were discovered, according to the Garden Museum, two of which held the remains of Archbishops of Canterbury Richard Bancroft and John Moore. Bancroft chaired the committee that wrote the King James Bible in 1611.
The museum also identified two other people in the vault: John Bettesworth, the Dean of Arches – the judge who sits at the ecclesiastical court of the Archbishop of Canterbury – and Moore's wife, Catherine Moore. According to the Telegraph, the church's records show that the three remaining archbishops could be Frederick Cornwallis, Matthew Hutton, and Thomas Tenison.
“What we don't know, what we still don't know, is who else is down there,” Christopher Woodward, director of the Garden Museum, said in a video posted online.
Karl Patten, the site manager, said the vault was discovered when concrete slabs were being lifted from the floor of the church of St Mary-at-Lambeth. Below one of the slabs, some of which weighed up to 1,500 kg, was an entryway which “looked like a tomb.”
Upgrade enhances learning, modernizes setting
Biology major Oscar Castillo (left) listens to biology major Maria Rodriguez (right) explain a problem using the new whiteboard and equipment in PS-109 in the Physical Science Building on Monday. Cody Casares / The Advocate Cody Casares / The Advocate Biology major Oscar Castillo (left) listens to biology major Maria Rodriguez (right) explain a problem using the new whiteboard and equipment in PS-109 in the Physical Science Building on Monday.
Filed under Campus Beat
Hang on for a minute...we're trying to find some more stories you might like.
Close
Email This Story
Send Email Cancel
The Center for Science Excellence in PS-109 was completely remodeled between the fall and spring semesters.
A grant from Hispanic Serving Institution Science Technology Engineering and Math (HSI STEM) paid for the room upgrade and all the equipment.
Before the room upgrade it had old outdated green carpeting, but now the floor is made out of tile. They put in a new air conditioning system, heater, all new furniture with desks that can be separated, newly painted walls and a dry-erase board.
“They started taking down everything in the room around Dec. 15. It was 95 percent complete by the first week of classes in late January,” CSE Coordinator Seti Sidharta said.
Program assistant Abigail Serrano expressed her concern in regards to low enrollment so far this semester. Although the room has a newly-upgraded feel to it, Serrano said fewer students have shown up due to the lack of a printer, microwave, sink or any computers.
“There have been fewer students in the CSE, but more students are across the hall in PS-107. I think that's largely in part because there are computers in that room and we don't have any. As of now the plan is to keep all the computers on the other side of the hallway, in PS-107,” Serrano said.
“The highest percentage of students who come in here have most of their classes in the Physical Science and Biological Science buildings, so it's convenient. I'm happy we got equipment that's more comfortable and convenient, like the chairs and tables that can split apart. Now that we have couches, the students have said they appreciate that upgrade,” Serrano said.
Dr. Sidharta said they plan on decorating the room with student pictures and achievements to give it more character and make it feel more student-oriented, rather than just like office space.
With every new change come positives and negatives, with students voicing their own opinions about the transformation.
Biology student Oscar Castillo said he feels like the students are still adjusting to the new room.
Castillo said, “The white boards are more accessible and the layout is hit or miss. The tutoring layout on the right side of the room makes it easier to work in groups and it's more student friendly, but you lose half the room to cubicles and desks.”
Castillo said his two favorite parts of the room before the upgrade were that the computers were against the wall and that students could print from the room. But now it's troublesome that they don't have those options.
What he likes about the room after the improvements is it has a more modernized ambiance, which makes more students to want to study there.
THE smirking countenance of Vladimir Putin yesterday as he basked in the glory of his rigged re-election as Russian president was nauseating.
It was the same smirk he wore when asked if Russia was responsible for the attempted murder of Sergei Skripal, 68, and his daughter, Yulia, 33, in the first attack using a nerve agent in a Nato country since the alliance was formed in 1949. He smiled too when he denied complicity in the murder of Alexander Litvinenko in London using radioactive polonium in 2006.
Putin smiles a lot, especially in the face of the suffering of others at his hands. He beamed after ordering the invasion of Georgia in 2008, and then the seizure of Crimea in 2014.
And when Russia was complicit in the shooting down of a civilian airliner over Ukraine that same year, and blighted the Sochi Winter Olympics with widespread doping, Putin smirked and shrugged his shoulders as he denied any responsibility.
Now the world has to work out how to contain Putin over the coming six years, after the blatant rigging of Sunday's election returned him to office with a landslide victory and more than 76 per cent of the vote.
The win was always a foregone conclusion, given the main opposition leader, Alexei Navalny, was barred from the race, leaving only a field of stooges there for the sake of appearances.
But just to make sure, officials stuffed ballot boxes and intimidated voters, exactly as they did at the last election in 2012, when one of the most extreme examples of corruption saw one district return 46 per cent more votes for Putin than there were voters to cast them.
Infinitely worse than that, though, was the claim by Putin's spokesman that Britain's outrage at the poisoning of the Skripals had boosted turnout.
There is only one conclusion to be drawn from this, and it is deeply disturbing – the poisonings were timed to coincide with the election campaign, in order to whip up an international incident that bolstered Putin's familiar propaganda that the West is anti-Russian.
Attempted murder with one of the most appalling weapons ever devised as an electoral ploy. Not just cynical, but horrifying. It will not be lost on either Putin or the western democracies that he is the first Russian leader since Stalin to rule for two decades.
The comparison to that blood-sodden monster is apt. The cloak of a democratically-elected leader he wears is a sham. He is a dictator in all but name, whose stock-in-trade is intimidation and murder. Like Stalin he has fostered paranoia in the country he rules, stifling an independent media and feeding the population the myth that Russia is under siege from the West.
This mindset is fraught with danger for the rest of Europe. Putin's ruthlessness and disregard for consequences has never been more explicitly demonstrated than in the attempt on the lives of the Skripals – and the poisoning of Det Sgt Nick Bailey who went to their aid.
It is time the smirk was wiped off Putin's face for the sake of European stability, and it falls to Britain to lead the way. Sunday's election will only have emboldened Putin, and that makes it more than ever necessary to send him an uncompromising message that his course of action will only end in Russia becoming an international pariah. That Putin's regime is stockpiling the nerve agent deployed in Salisbury, as Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson asserted on Sunday, only makes it more imperative that Britain rallies a determined international effort.
A good start has been made. A Prime Minister and Government beset by instability and division have shown admirable resolve and unity. The support of the United States, Germany and France demonstrate how gravely the international community takes the threat of Putin, and yesterday's backing of the EU underlined the world's revulsion.
But there is more yet to do beyond the expulsion of Russian “diplomats” – in this case a euphemism for spies. Today's meeting of the National Security Committee, chaired by Theresa May, will have to decide the next step. Doing nothing is not an option. A crackdown on Putin's mega-rich cronies who squirrel their money away in Britain is one measure that would hurt. A cyberattack on Russian institutions to send a message that the West will hit back at provocations is another.
Whether the international community decides to boycott football's World Cup in Russia in June remains to be seen.
There can be no shirking from challenging Putin. This is a conflict that the West has neither sought nor deserved. It is solely down to a tyrant hell-bent on provocation, who has a total disregard for the norms of civilised behaviour.
Britain has the moral authority and international backing to tackle him. The West won one Cold War. Now it has to fight and win another.
How The Quarterbacks From The New England Patriots and Philadelphia Eagles Compare The two starting quarterbacks in Sunday's Super Bowl couldn't be more different. The New England Patriots have Tom Brady a five-time champion and global icon. The Philadelphia Eagles have Nick Foles, who doesn't have such a long list of accomplishments.
Railway, finance and coal minister Piyush Goyal with petroleum minister Dharmendra Pradhan at the Hindustan Ratna PSU Awards function in New Delhi on Wednesday.
New Delhi:The Narendra Modi government will match the 67-year record of previous governments by providing liquified petroleum gas (LPG) connections to 130 million families in five years of its tenure, petroleum and natural gas minister Dharmendra Pradhan said on Wednesday.
Speaking at the Hindustan Ratna PSU Awards 2018, Pradhan said that out of 270 million households in India, only 130 million had LPG connections four years ago. “In four years time, our government has provided 10 crore (100 million) additional LPG connections. Our aim is to provide 13 crore (130 million) LPG connections in five years of our government,” he added.
The Modi administration is promoting usage of the clean cooking fuel as it saves women from pollution and saves them time. It will also improve the share of the clean fuel in the country's fuel mix. Under the Pradhan Mantri Ujjwala Yojana, poor women are given LPG connections without an upfront charge.
The government has been leveraging state-owned companies, especially in the energy sector, to address its strategic and economic goals, including development of the long-neglected North-east region, shifting the country's fuel mix more toward cleaner sources and for reviving ailing fertilizer units.
Pointing to the central role PSUs play in the country's development goals and to improve governance standards, railway, coal and finance minister Piyush Goyal, who was present on the occasion, said, “We are proud of our public sector companies, whether in the coal, mines, petroleum, banking or power sector. All these firms are serving people. And they do that without taking short-cuts.”
Acknowledging that it is a a challenging task to keep PSUs performing to the highest standards, Goyal said developing quality human resource is one of the most important barometers. “The Prime Minister has identified this as a pressing need for the country as well, through the skilling initiative. It's essential to prepare the youth to take on the challenges of tomorrow.”
Insisting that this quest to create high quality human talent must begin with PSUs, he said that the true mark of change would come with the current negative connotation associated with “PSU culture” being turned into a positive tag. “Organizations must proudly say that they have a PSU culture. That is what we are working towards,” Goyal added.
Gireesh Chandra Prasad contributed to this story.
There had been friction between BJP and CPM ranks for a while at Mukkattukara, where the incident happened. The BJP made its strike call on Monday morning, which caught many office-goers and others unawares when they set off for work on Monday morning.
CLOSE
By Brandi Makuski
The first cool day in August is always a signal of the coming autumn for this reporter. Upon its arrival, my mind turns to thoughts of crock pot meals, the scent of freshly-baked bread wafting through the house, warm blankets, and — most importantly — high school football.
Our family's first hands-on experience with the game was many years ago, courtesy of Youth Area Football. Both of my sons were interested: one had runner's legs; the other had the shoulders of a lineman nobody would mess with.
Having no real experience with boy's sports equipment, I stressed over each purchase. I thought I had the best-equipped kids in the league. But a single-sentence email from their coach changed everything:
“Just a reminder for parents, the boys need wear their athletic supporters for every game.”
This was definitely not an area with which I had any familiarity. My ex-husband was an absent father, and I'd grown up with no brothers to educate me in sports habits or locker room humor. Hell, the only time I'd ever seen an athletic supporter was in the movie Revenge of the Nerds, and unbeknownst to me, the style and appearance had changed since that movie was released.
So I was on my own. I visited a local sports store the next day, walking briskly down the main aisle, as though I knew just what I was looking for and exactly where it was located. I quickly scanned every display I passed, looking for any sign of athletic supporters.
But this was not a grocery store. There would be no suspended sign reading, “Shin guards, wristbands, jockstraps”.
I went up one aisle and down the next, never making eye contact with anyone, trying to avoid the discomfort of an intervening staff member. I passed fathers and sons pricing out disc golf sets and young ladies picking out pink knee socks for cross-country. The innocence of their own purchases made me all the more paranoid about my own; I was passing all the “respectable” purchases and heading straight for that aisle in the back of the store.
The aisle containing athletic supporters isn't really an aisle: it's more like an entire zip code. Row after row of plastic boxes, all disparagingly similar. I had no idea where to start.
Glancing to my left, and then to my right, I relaxed slightly, seeing I was alone in the aisle. But after inspecting the items more closely, I began to panic as I realized I would need to decide on style, color and size.
Size?
How was I supposed to know my son's size? What, exactly, am I supposed to measure? I picked up a package labeled “Athletic Support Shorts- Youth Medium” and turned it over, hoping for some kind of sizing chart. Of course, there wasn't one.
I brought the package closer to my face, peering through the clear plastic to see what the item looked like. All I could see where tight folds of white cloth, so get a better idea of what I was dealing with, I discreetly tried opening the box.
Let me preface this part of the story with this: there is no such thing as discretely opening a package containing an athletic supporter. It's practically childproof: the hard plastic container is heat-sealed and then covered in tape or shrink wrap.
What, exactly, was so worth keeping secure? It's easier to break into a car, for crying out loud.
I dug the keys from my purse and, fully aware this might get me placed on a “No Fly” list somewhere, slid my car key back and forth until the package pried open, which produced a sound not unlike a very loud, very sudden balloon pop.
I winced and froze, expecting to be tackled by the store fuzz at any moment, or even for an angry voice to come over the loudspeaker; “Hey you- drop the jockstrap and put your hands on your head…”
But nothing happened. Slowly, I opened my eyes; I was still alone in the aisle. No one seemed to notice me at all as they passed on their way to the soccer ball selection and Jet Ski displays.
With my hands shaking and heart pounding — and still very aware I could be caught at any moment — I pulled the cloth undergarment from the package, totally unaware the “cup” portion was a separate piece. It was made of soft plastic-like material that sounded not unlike an empty soda bottle when it fell from the package and hit the floor — bouncing several times before it stopped. A noticeable noise, but since I had drawn no attention so far, my confidence was growing.
I gathered the cup and empty package together, tucking them under my arm, and held the garment up to the light (as only mothers do). I inspected the front and the back. I stretched the waistband. I felt the material. As ridiculous as I must have looked, I knew I couldn't leave the store unless I had the right item. This was undoubtedly something that would be difficult to exchange.
Then I slid the cup into the front pocket. I knocked on it, softly at first, then harder, trying to imagine how on earth this was enough of a barrier between my kid and an opposing team player's knee or cleat.
And then I chuckled.
“Looks like a codpiece,” I muttered out loud.
Instantly I was transported to a college history class, with pictures of Henry VIII adorning the wall; hands on his hips, trying to look gallant in a colorful headdress, padded shoulders and ornate codpiece — not that unlike a football player, really. I giggled at the thought.
And then it happened.
“Uh, do you need help with anything?” asked a raspy voice behind me.
I sucked in my breath and closed my eyes. I suddenly became lightheaded; I'd been caught!
I grew up in this town! I was a member of the Boy Scout parent's council! I still saw my sixth grade teacher every week in church! I couldn't be caught examining an athletic supporter in a store!
I saw my future prospects crumble as I began to imagine the newspaper headline:
Mom of 2 Caught Ogling Boys' Underwear, Cited for Disorderly Conduct; Psych-exam Pending
Oh, my God, I thought, did I just say ‘codpiece' out loud? In public? On the same security tape showing me knocking on the — ahem — business end of a jockstrap that will undoubtedly hit YouTube later on today?
I slowly turned around, praying that voice belonged to a Marlboro-hardened 60-year-old semi-retired grandmother who would sympathize — albeit amusingly — with my plight.
But instead of a comforting Mildred with six grandsons, I encountered a 17-year-old Mike with no apparent sense of humor. Poor Mike's bulging eyes were glued to the floor, pleading for a swift end to the exchange presumably forced upon him by his manager.
Poor Mike had shoved his hands in his back pockets and his brow glistened with sweat. His embarrassment did very little to relieve my own.
“Oh, no thank you.” I said hastily, then, feigning confidence: “I'm just making sure this is the same style my son already has.”
Ignoring my usual pride in such a swift and seamless lie, I fumbled as I tried shoving the items back into the package; then watched in horror as the cup fell — in slow motion — from inside the shorts, to the floor, then bounce from the edge of the aisle to just behind poor Mike's feet.
I bent and scrambled to retrieve it as poor Mike stood frozen, unable to even move his feet out of my way. I finally snagged the thing, then briskly made my way past poor Mike. I attempted to carry the package with some discretion to the front counter, but that wasn't possible: it wouldn't close unless the shorts were folded just right and so the cup would slip in between the fabric.
I'd never been more embarrassed in my life, but I threw caution to the wind — I just wanted to get out of that store. I hit the front counter with the plastic box under my arm, the shorts wadded up in my left hand, and the cup in my right.
My savior had been sitting behind the counter the entire time. Angela, the 60-something grandmother figure I'd been praying for, had appeared behind the cash register at some point during my fumbling. On her work vest were SPASH and Pacelli buttons, along with the button of a young boy posing with a baseball bat, presumably a grandson.
She glanced down at my opened package, then back at me. The corners of her mouth turning up slightly at the site of my harried appearance and reddened cheeks, but she remained mercifully silent except to wish me a good afternoon. She even double-bagged my purchase for me.
My sons tried on their full uniforms later that day. I paced, not unlike a nervous family member in a hospital waiting room, anxiously awaiting word. I explained to the boys why wearing a “cup” was so important, but given my own inexperience, I had no idea if I'd explained it effectively. Could they figure everything out on their own? Would it be uncomfortable or itchy? Would they object to the style and color I'd chosen?
After several minutes I heard the bedroom door open. I stopped pacing, turning with anticipation to see my boys, for the first time, in a full football uniform. I fully expected to tear up with pride.
But my heartfelt moment was interrupted with a mutiny: the shorts were OK, but neither used the cup.
Why?
“Because nobody wears these things, mom,” my then-seven-year-old said. “It's football; nobody's going to hit you there.”
They changed their minds after the first quarter.
HALIFAX—A day after the city apologized to a Halifax Transit employee for racial discrimination, one councillor said he intends to ask serious questions about why the situation unfolded as it did. “I will be investigating how HRM or the union could have tolerated this for so long. I want to go in-camera, find out how did this happen,” Councillor Tim Outhit said Wednesday.
Councillor Tim Outhit said he was “appalled and disgusted” by the length of time it took to resolve a case of racial discrimination against Halifax's transit department. ( StarMetro File )
“Obviously there may be details that I'm not aware of, so I'm not going to state an opinion until I know more information. But was I appalled and disgusted that this went on so long, and by the details? Of course. I think anybody of any decency would be.” A Nova Scotia Human Rights Commission board of inquiry found widespread racial discrimination in Halifax's transit department. Among other behaviour, the report said employees commonly used racial slurs, including the N-word as well as “wagon burner” when referring to an Inuit colleague. The board released its decision Tuesday morning, and an apology by Halifax CAO Jacques Dube was issued shortly afterward to the complainant and his family. The apology comes more than a decade after the Halifax Transit employee — known only by the initials Y.Z. due to a publication ban — filed his racial discrimination complaint.
Article Continued Below
Y.Z. said the threats and bullying started long before he first filed complaints to the commission in July 2006. Racial intolerance created a “poisoned work environment” for him — a white man — starting in the early 1980s following his marriage to an African Canadian woman. The decision lists a number of specific incidents, including one from 2001. Arthur Maddox, a transit employee mentioned in the report 88 times, was fired after threatening violence against an African Nova Scotian colleague, Randy Symonds, but reinstated at the union's urging about 11 months later. Shortly after Maddox's return, Y.Z. said Maddox tried to run him over with a bus, which Maddox denied. Y.Z. believed Maddox blamed him and his wife for his termination. In 2004, Y.Z. said the stressful work environment led him to take leave from his job. He returned on “light duties” in 2006 for less than six months but left his job on disability again and has been unable to work at all since that time. While specific transit employees appear throughout the inquiry's testimony and evidence, the decision holds HRM itself responsible. Y.Z. and others made complaints directly to HRM prior to him filing with the commission, but Y.Z. said HRM was unresponsive. Halifax activist and former poet laureate El Jones weighed in on the decision Tuesday. She expressed concern that the city was only apologizing now, so long after the fact.
“Where were they in 2006? In 2000? To me, before we get shocked and horrified about it, we have to ask why was there no shock and horror when (Y.Z.) was reporting this stuff in 2000 and filing complaints in 2006,” Jones said Tuesday. “And why is the constant sort of reaction to injustice for people to defend it to the death? That we just have to defend this stuff. We can't acknowledge it for some reason.”
Article Continued Below
As of March, Maddox was still working for HRM, according to comments in the board of inquiry's decision. An HRM spokesperson said Tuesday that Maddox is no longer employed by the municipality but would not say when or how his employment ended. Mayor Mike Savage said that, besides an update brought to council last fall, he knew very little about the specifics of the complaint prior to the release of the report. He called the behaviour outlined in the report “unacceptable.” “This is a staffing matter, and it's not the way that the municipality should operate, it's not the behaviour that we should condone. The person who did this is no longer with the municipality,” Savage said. “It's very concerning to me, even though this happened many, many years ago, over a decade ago. It's not acceptable, and we're doing everything in our power as a council to ensure that the diversity of our community is respected and we expect the same from staff.” Savage said the city has undertaken a number of steps in recent years to address racism. He points to the addition of a diversity and inclusion office and diversity advisers as well as updated diversity and inclusion training that is mandatory for all supervisors. “The bottom line is that we accept this decision, and the city never disputed that there was inappropriate action taken, even racist action,” he said. “There was a process whereby we even tried to settle this a few years ago. It was rejected, and it goes back a long way, but we accept the findings and we do accept that there was racism towards another employee and that that is unacceptable.” Outhit believes a number of his fellow councillors are going to have questions for both transit staff and the municipality's legal team. “We will certainly have some questions regarding this process. I find that it dragged on a long time, and it appears like one individual was fired for this,” Outhit said. “And then, for whatever reason, the union fought to bring him back, which makes me scratch my head a little bit.” Savage said he also has questions. “I expect that council will have an opportunity to get some more details and have some input,” he said. Repeated calls to the transit union's representative Ken Wilson went unanswered Wednesday. Yvette d'Entremont is a Halifax-based reporter covering health, environment and education. Follow her on Twitter: @ydentremont
Read more about:
Cairo
A group of Egyptian lawyers on Sunday filed a lawsuit against President Abdel-Fattah al-Sisi and five top officials over a controversial agreement to transfer two Red Sea islands to Saudi Arabia.
The move came days after the government approved the agreement to transfer the sovereignty of the Tiran and Sanafir islands – which have been under Egypt's control for more than six decades – to Saudi Arabia and sent it to parliament for approval.
“The lawsuit calls for annulling the government decision to approve the demarcation deal and send it to parliament,” Khalid Ali, one of the lawyers who filed the lawsuit, said in a statement.
He said the suit targets the president, the prime minister, the parliament speaker and the ministers of defense, foreign affairs and interior.
According to Anadolu Agency reporter, the lawsuit calls for keeping the two islands under Egypt's sovereignty and banning their transfer to any other country.
The agreement, which was signed in April, has triggered public outcry in Egypt amid accusations for al-Sisi of selling Egyptian territory to the oil-rich kingdom, which has channeled billions of dollars to shore up Egypt's economy since 2013.
The government has defended the move, arguing that Egypt had taken control of the two islands in 1950 amid concerns that Israel might seize them.
Since then, Egyptian lawyers have filed lawsuits in the hope of annulling the agreement, which must be approved by parliament in order to be valid.—Agencies
The community is hoping to help the owners of a Mid-Michigan farm whose barn burned down last week.
Bill and Glenda Hunt said with just five weeks until planting season at Hunt Farms in Davison, the explosive fire that started Friday couldn't have happened at a worse time.
"It's kinda hard to pull into work every morning and to look out my window and not see that building there and just see that pile of rubble,” Glenda Hunt said.
The owners said while the fire is devastating, the outpouring of support from the community has been equally uplifting.
"We have been very fortunate that we have had a lot of neighbors and friends, and people I didn't even know knew us, that have contacted us and offered their concern or any help we need. They said they will come out and do whatever we want them to do,” Bill Hunt said.
"Helping with that, helping us get things right back in order. So, I mean, we are so fortunate to have these people around us,” Glenda Hunt said.
Inside the barn that burned down was everything from tractors, to tools, to new planting equipment. Luckily, the Hunts said insurance will cover the damage, which is estimated at nearly $3 million.
Despite the loss, the Hunts said there is plenty to be thankful for and they have no plans to quit anytime soon.
"As far as what the community can do, is just pray for us that everything will work out alright. I'm down. I'm not out,” Bill Hunt said.
The cause of the fire is still unknown and under investigation.
Copyright 2017 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
OPINION
[Leonid Bershidsky] Only one side compromised for this Brexit breakthrough By Bloomberg Published : Dec 11, 2017 - 17:41
Updated : Dec 11, 2017 - 17:41
After UK and EU negotiators reached a deal opening a path for trade negotiations on Friday, arch-Brexiter Michael Gove declared British Prime Minister Theresa May had “won.” That is a statement worthy of all the now-debunked Brexit slogans. The parties‘ agreement shows the EU has given up virtually no ground, and that's what‘s likely to happen in the trade talks, too.
In plain terms, the 15-page document that closes the first stage of the talks -- according to a EU-determined sequence -- seals the UK's agreement to three sets of EU demands.
First, both EU citizens living in the UK and UK citizens in the EU will retain their residence on the softest possible terms: Their status will be fixed on the Brexit date and no earlier; they will be able to bring over spouses, children and parents without any time limits; and if they are required to obtain an additional document to stay where they are -- as the UK wants them to -- officials will be allowed to exercise discretion only in the applicants‘ favor. Europeans' rights in the UK will be determined by European Court of Justice case law. Though disputes will be adjudicated by UK courts, they will be allowed to refer cases to the ECJ for eight years after Brexit.
Second, the UK agreed that the current state of the border between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland is the default state, and that there will be no checkpoints of other controls on that border. For EU citizens, the Common Travel Area between the UK and Ireland will continue operating under EU rules, including the free movement of people. The document also says talks on the specifics of the border regime will continue in the framework of the trade negotiations, but if no new arrangements are agreed, things will stay as they are.
Third, the UK will keep paying into the EU budget in 2019 and 2020 as if it remained a member. It will also keep funding any long-term liabilities incurred before 2020 for as long as they exist. It will get back its share of the paid-in capital of the European Central Bank and the European Investment Bank. This means that, in total, the UK will pay between 40 billion and 60 billion euros ($47 billion to $70 billion), closer to the EU‘s estimates than the UK's early offer.
As he announced the deal, European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker called it a compromise; but Juncker was just being generous. This is no compromise. These are EU positions covered by some linguistic fig leaves meant for the Tory party‘s hard Brexit wing and the Democratic Unionist Party. The only tangible achievement the UK can boast after six months of talks is the partial concession on court jurisdiction which allows UK courts and not the ECJ to settle citizens' rights disputes. But it‘s largely symbolic: Not many EU citizens living in the UK have the stamina to go all the way to the ECJ with their cases; it's easier to go back to Europe.
That the UK didn‘t have to spell out exactly how it will avoid setting up a hard border with Ireland -- something the EU initially demanded -- is not really a concession given that the status quo has now been accepted as the default position.
May started the talks insisting the UK didn't owe the EU anything, offering a less liberal deal on EU citizens‘ rights and discussing “technology based solutions” that would allow the UK to introduce customs controls on the Irish border. The distance May has traveled from these initial positions can be generously described as 90 percent of the way.
Gove may not be entirely wrong when he talks about May winning, though. By trying everything and finally going this distance, she has defeated the hard Brexiters -- not just at this stage of the talks but for their duration. Judging by Gove's conciliatory remarks, they are now OK with accepting EU demands in more or less their original form. They have little choice but to keep sliding down this slippery slope during the trade part of the talks, in which the EU has all the time in the world to hammer out a deal that favors them.
That would be a deal that keeps UK industries -- for example, car manufacturing -- in seamless European value chains, but doesn‘t allow UK service companies, particularly financial ones, to operate freely in the EU. There is already a blueprint for such a deal -- the Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement between the EU and Canada, which doesn't cover financial services at all.
CETA took seven years to negotiate and sign, but it‘s already there, so it won't take as long to make a similar deal with the UK. Though the UK covers about a quarter of the EU 27‘s demand for financial services, it would benefit EU countries to have the institutions that do it move over to the scheme already used by insurance companies, which open subsidiaries in their countries of operation. If banks and other service providers do that too, Europe gets a free economic and employment boost, and its member states get more oversight over the financial industry players. That's the outcome for which EU negotiators will likely hold out. Any concessions they make will be on the same order as the face-saving consolation prizes of Friday‘s deal.
Anyone in the UK still hoping for a favorable Brexit scenario should realize that the UK has minimal leverage in the talks. The UK is, unequivocally, the party that gets fleeced in this divorce. The reasonable decision would be to abandon the whole enterprise, but since that doesn't appear to be politically feasible, the UK is in for months, perhaps years, of further humiliation at the negotiating table.
By Leonid Bershidsky
Leonid Bershidsky is a Bloomberg View columnist. -- Ed.
(Bloomberg)
The nominations for the 75th annual Golden Globes, which are set to take place on 7th January 2018, have been announced today.
Leading the way is Guillermo del Toro's The Shape of Water with seven nominations, including a Best Picture nod as well as nominations for del Toro himself for both Best Director and Best Screenplay. Following close behind is Martin McDonagh's Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri and Steven Spielberg's The Post with six nominations a piece.
In the musical/comedy categories, Jordan Peele's Get Out and Greta Gerwig's Lady Bird both nabbed Best Picture nominations, but surprisingly lost out in the Best Director field in favour of Christopher Nolan for Dunkirk, Ridley Scott for All the Money in the World and the aforementioned McDonagh and Spielberg. Alongside Get Out and Lady Bird, The Greatest Showman and I, Tonya garnered several nominations including their leading figures Hugh Jackman and Margot Robbie respectively.
Among this year's surprise nominees are Ansel Elgort, nominated for Best Actor in a Musical or Comedy for Baby Driver, Luca Guidagnino's 80s set Italian summer romance Call Me By Your Name scored only three nominations in total (Best Picture – Drama, Best Actor – Drama for Timothee Chalamet and Best Supporting Actor for Armie Hammer), and The Big Sick faced a total shutout in the Musical/Comedy categories. Perhaps the biggest surprise of all is Christopher Plummer, shockingly brought in for re-shoots on All the Money in the World in place of Kevin Spacey after the allegations levelled against him, he finds himself nominated for Best Supporting Actor, having only been on board for the film for less than three months.
In the TV categories, Big Little Lies scored six nominations, including all four of its main ladies Reese Witherspoon, Nicole Kidman, Shailene Woodley and Laura Dern. Elsewhere, Stranger Things, The Handmaid's Tale, This Is Us and Feud: Bette and Joan earned multiple nominations.
The 75th annual Golden Globes will take place on Sunday 7th January 2018, hosted by Seth Meyers. For the full list of nominees, check out the full announcement video below:
Kaspersky has made another disturbing finding, as security firms often do, and in this case it's the fact that a corporate network can be cracked wide open using a basic hacking tool. Namely a piece of hardware that costs just $20 (£15) and can be configured in just a few hours by someone with only a basic knowledge of programming.
The experiment Kaspersky conducted involved using a Raspberry Pi which was configured as an Ethernet adapter, had the OS tweaked slightly, with publicly available tools for packet sniffing and data collection then being installed.
Security researchers from the company set up a server to collect the data which this device would intercept, and the Raspberry Pi-powered device was then connected to a target (victim) PC.
The device subsequently fed data back to the server, and Kaspersky says it was able to collect passwords from the corporate network at a rate of 50 per hour – these were hashed passwords, mind, but as the security company notes: “The hashes could be deciphered into passwords, since the algorithms are known or used in pass-the-hash attacks.”
Obviously, this is a pretty worrying observation, particularly as no malicious software was needed at all – just easily available programs downloaded from the internet.
The caveat is that this isn't something which can be pulled off remotely, as obviously the attacker must have physical access to a PC on the company network, in order to plug the device into a port.
No Raspberry Pi is complete without the best monitor
Cleaned out
However, this is far from unheard-of in the corporate world. Indeed, Kaspersky's investigation was inspired by the real-world story of a cleaner at an organisation who used a USB stick to infect the company network with malware.
Kaspersky explains that the attack works because the operating system of the victim PC identifies the Raspberry Pi device as a wired LAN adapter, and gives it access to data exchange within the network. The attack works against both Windows and Mac computers (whether locked or unlocked), but researchers couldn't pull it off with a Linux computer.
The main defence against attacks like these revolves around educating staff members. For example, when returning to their computers, employees should be aware to check for extra USB devices plugged into their machines. And of course USB sticks from unknown or untrusted sources should never be used with company PCs (or any machine, for that matter).
Beyond that, extra precautions can include changing passwords regularly, and enabling two-factor authentication, so knowledge of a password isn't enough to log on (because this requires a second factor, like a texted code, when logging in from a new device or location).
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Countryfile presenter Ellie Harrison has revealed she inflicted painful cuts on herself to prove how much she loved her partner Matt Goodman.
The BBC host, 39, had circular marks etched into her left forearm – a process known as scarification – to show her devotion and commitment to her partner of 12 years and the father of her children.
And before he met Ellie, GP Matt reportedly used to date This Morning presenter Holly Willoughby.
(Photo: PDG)
(Photo: Twitter)
(Photo: Getty Images Europe)
A friend told The Daily Mail: "Holly and Matt are from Brighton and went out for quite a long while.
"Matt's father, a dentist called Peter, adored Holly and he and his wife were very sorry when they broke up."
Over the weekend Ellie told the Mail On Sunday's Event Magazine: "You go to someone who is into body art and you get it done. There are only a few places you can go for it in the whole country.
(Photo: PDG)
(Photo: PA)
"They're done with a blade. We're not married, but this was my great offering to him. Obviously if he leaves me I'll have to create a different story about what it's about!"
Asked if the procedure was painful, she said: "Yup, really f**king hurts."
Matt had no idea she was going to have the marks done, Ellie admitted, saying: "I presented my arm to him in this kind of clingfilm wrap. You have to scrub (the cuts) out and put Vaseline on, then clingfilm to keep the wounds open and clean.
(Photo: BBC)
(Photo: Countryfile/BBC)
"He was a bit shocked, I must say. He said he was conflicted, because I'd hurt myself in this pursuit, but he was obviously really quite emotional."
The TV presenter said Matt, with whom she has three kids aged between one and seven, had previously proposed to her but she "never saw it through".
"I will do one day," she told the magazine. "We just haven't done that bit. We've done the big stuff, the children and the scars!"
Ellie, who has been a part of the BBC's rural-focused series since 2009, also opened up about her teenage drinking and dabbling in drugs because there wasn't much else to do in the countryside.
"You start drinking quite early – 13 or 14 at parties is pretty normal," she confessed, adding that while she never tried the Ecstasy that was everywhere in the 1990s, she did experiment with other substances.
"It was the countryside. Hell, you could pick the stuff in the fields, the mushrooms were everywhere… [but] any of the drugs that had an addictive label attached to them, I wouldn't try them, because the thought of depending on something is too frightening for me," Ellie added.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The full trailer for the Conor McGregor movie named "Notorious" has been released.
The exclusive all-access account of the Irishman's journey from the bottom to becoming a superstar will hit theatres in the UK and Ireland on November 1.
The two-weight UFC champion attempted the impossible after switching sports to boxing, stepping up against Floyd Mayweather , the best fighter of his generation, in his first bout.
'Money' knocked McGregor out as expected but the 29-year-old secured a career-high payday to ensure he won regardless.
Arnold Schwarzenegger will be amongst a host of star cameos alongside the Notorious, with his partner Dee Devlin, UFC president Dana White and his rival Jose Aldo.
(Image: Conor McGregor/Instagram)
(Image: PA)
(Image: Conor McGregor / Instagram)
"Witness the unstoppable rise of one of the most iconic stars on the planet," wrote McGregor on social media.
A return to the Octagon (or boxing ring) has yet to be decided on with the expectation that McGregor will probably make his comeback in his natural habitat in the UFC.
(Image: Getty Images)
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
(Image: Zuffa LLC)
Directed by Gavin Fitzgerald, Notorious is “filmed over the course of 4 years," claims the official website.
"Notorious is the exclusive, all-access account of Conor's meteoric rise from claiming benefits and living in his parents' spare room in Dublin to claiming multiple championship UFC belts and seven figure pay-packets in Las Vegas."
Tochukwu after he was shot
The Senior Special Assistant to President Muhammadu Buhari on Foreign Affairs and Diaspora, Abike Dabiri-Erewa, has described the latest extra judicial killing of a Nigerian in South Africa as “ worrying and condemnable”.
A statement by her Media aide, Abdur-Rahman Balogun, in Abuja said the gruesome killing of Tochukwu Nnadi by Police in South Africa, is “unacceptable to the people and government of Nigeria”.
While reiterating President Muhammadu Buhari's call to Nigerians to avoid crimes, she however noted that the killing of Nnadi has brought to 20 Nigerians killed in South Africa through extrajudicial means in 2016 alone.
“The barbaric behaviour of the perpetrators is not only unacceptable, but also calls for urgent attention by diplomatic authorities in Nigeria and South Africa”, she said.
Dabiri-Erewa urged the South African government to ensure that justice prevails by carrying out investigation and bringing the culprit to book.
She reiterated calls to Nigerians living abroad to always respect laws of their host countries and be good ambassadors of Nigeria.
A Nigerian based in South Africa, Tochukwu Nnadi, was allegedly choked to death by Police in South Africa on Thursday December 29th after he was arrested for allegedly selling drugs.
In 2016 alone, it has brought to 20, the number of Nigerians killed in South Africa under such cruel circumstances.
Among such victims were Ikejiaku Chinedu, Monday Okorie, Gideon Ogalaonye, Nnamdi Michael, Adeniyi Olumoko, Christian Onwukaike and Tochukwu Nnadi.
OPINION
Electromagnetic waves and noise near the site where the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense antimissile system is deployed in Seongju, North Gyeongsang Province, have been shown to be harmless to humans.
Anti-THAAD protesters have cited electromagnetic waves and noise as a major justification for their opposition to the system.
Measurements conducted by the Ministry of National Defense together with the Ministry of Environment last Saturday found that the strengthe of electromagnetic waves measured at a spot 100 meters from the radar was one-six-hundredth of the safety and health limit.
Noise 100 meters from the radar was just 1.9 decibels higher than the standard for daytime residential noise. Noise is expected to decrease further once the power system is complete, as it comes mostly from the generator.
In a nutshell, health risks from electromagnetic waves and noise were actually nonexistent from the outset.
Yet, anti-THAAD civic groups spread scientifically unfounded scare stories among residents near the site, instigating them to oppose the system.
They do not acknowledge the measurement results, giving the preposterous pretext that the ministries did not disclose the methods they used to take the readings.
Their obstinate rejection arouses doubt that they do not oppose the system out of concern for the environment or nearby residents' health.
The ministries asked residents to witness their measurements, but they refused.
They have demanded the two installed launchers be withdrawn before any assessment of environmental impact begins.
One cannot but think they oppose it blindly, facing away the national security and US-Korea alliance.
In a sense, the Moon Jae-in administration has brought this upon itself.
It treated the THAAD as an unpleasant facility until a few months ago. It gave the impression of siding with anti-THAAD protestors.
Then, it shifted its position abruptly after North Korea launched an intercontinental ballistic missile on July 28.
Moon instructed his aides to consult the US on the temporary installation of four remaining launchers even before the environmental impact assessment is completed.
The government appears to be pacing back and forth in confusion over what to do about the THAAD, because it has not established principles on the basis of scientific data or expertise.
A defense ministry official said, “The government will keep persuading residents over the measurement results. It is willing to conduct the measurements again if they witness the survey.”
Given their stubborn opposition, however, the day when they will acknowledge the assessment results looks distant.
The anti-THAAD groups will never stop finding faults to keep the system off the Korean Peninsula.
The measurement team had to enter the site by helicopter, because they blocked the road to its entrance.
Will the nation have to wait indefinitely until they approve of the weapon? Which side is the government on?
Moon has said nothing about the protests after he ordered consultations with the US on the temporary deployment of the remaining launchers. He has shown a non-committal attitude.
North Korea has been escalating its nuclear and missile threats to the maximum. It has demonstrated its ability to strike the US mainland with missiles, which are expected to be tipped with nuclear weapons as early as next year.
Pyongyang has given a notice of firing missiles into the sea near the US Pacific island of Guam. Preventive strikes by the US are being mentioned. Military tension is high on the Korean Peninsula.
In this situation, it is time to put an end to conflicts over the full deployment of THAAD.
Four remaining launchers must be installed as soon as possible.
The grounds justified by anti-THAAD protestors lack scientific basis.
The government should not let them block the road to the site any longer.
THAAD is needed to intercept missiles from the North.
Internal strife over the minimum means of defense in a hair-trigger crisis will only jeopardize security further.
The Moon government should keep in mind that peace will be guaranteed only when it is defended with action, not with words.
Residents must stop distrusting the government blindly and make efforts to deliver their opinions through dialogue and consultation.
That comes as the NDP is promising a $1.2 billion public dental scheme if Andrea Horwath becomes premier.
With Progressive Conservative Leader Doug Ford vowing to slash 4 per cent of government spending — which could mean $5.6 billion in cuts on a $141 billion annual budget — Wynne says the Liberals offer a contrast.
"We care for our families, our neighbours and our province. We see the big picture," the speech from the throne said.
"Our world is changing in ways we've never seen before and at speeds that make it feel hard to keep up. The cost of living is rising, and at the same time, stable, long-term jobs — jobs that pay a decent wage — are proving harder to find."
To that end, the Liberals touted their pledge to increase the $14 an hour minimum wage to $15 next Jan. 1, mindful that Ford opposes the raise.
The governing party also boasted about Ontario's "cap-and-trade" program with Quebec and California to reduce greenhouse gas emissions that contribute to climate change.
Ford is threatening to withdraw from that accord and opposes the federal government's carbon pricing program.
"These are fights that our children and grandchildren can't afford for us to lose," the throne speech said.
"Ontario eliminated coal-fired power, making our air cleaner and lowering our rates of childhood asthma. But you cannot be serious about lowering emissions and fighting climate change without a price on carbon pollution," it said.
"We joined with Quebec and California in North America's largest carbon market, because this system helps us achieve our ambitious climate change goals, at the lowest cost to people and to businesses," the speech continued.
"And every dollar raised goes to making our province more green with public transit and bike lanes, and helping families and businesses to lower their energy bills and become more energy efficient."
CAIRO—Archeologists in Egypt say they have discovered a 4,400-year-old tomb near the pyramids outside Cairo.
Egypt's Antiquities Ministry announced the discovery Saturday and said the tomb likely belonged to a high-ranking official known as Hetpet during the 5th Dynasty of ancient Egypt. The tomb includes wall paintings depicting Hetpet observing different hunting and fishing scenes.
Read more:
Archeologists discover a pair of 3,500-year-old tombs in Luxor, Egypt
Mostafa Al-Waziri, leader of the archeological mission, says the scenes depict a monkey — at the time commonly kept as domestic animals — reaping fruit and another dancing before an orchestra.
Talk about Denver Broncos defensive end Derek Wolfe potentially retiring this offseason was apparently premature.
At the Senior Bowl last week, Broncos defensive coordinator Joe Woods told Carl Dumler of Mile High Huddle that Wolfe is doing well in his recovery:
Just talked to Joe Woods and he said that Derek Wolfe is recovering well and thinks the doctors finally found the problem. Retirement talks don't look like they should be taken seriously anymore. — Carl Dumler (@CarlDumlerMHH) January 25, 2018
Wolfe suffered a neck injury in Week 12 last year and was placed on injured reserve, missing the team's final five games of the season.
Wolfe did not need surgery this offseason, which is presumably a positive sign. The seventh-year veteran tweeted in December that he will bounce back:
Bounce back coming #justwaitonit — Derek Wolfe (@Derek_Wolfe95) December 5, 2017
Wolfe, 27, was selected by the Broncos in the second round of the 2012 NFL draft out of Cincinnati. He is yet to earn a Pro Bowl berth but he has consistently been one of the team's best defensive linemen since he joined the team.
Wolfe has recorded 222 tackles and 24.5 sacks in 80 healthy games, starting all of them. He is under contract through the 2019 season.
Bitcoin Futures Surge In First Day Of Trading
Enlarge this image toggle caption Kin Cheung/AP Kin Cheung/AP
On their first day of trading, bitcoin futures surged past $18,000, adding to a streak for the digital currency that began the year at just $1,000 and has nearly tripled in value over the past month alone.
Reuters reports that bitcoin futures, traded through the Chicago Board Options Exchange (CBOE), saw January contracts, which opened at $15,460 in New York on Sunday evening, leap to a high of $17,170 during Asian hours.
Trading, which began at 6 p.m. ET (5 p.m. CT), was so intense that halts designed to cool volatility were triggered twice on the CBOE.
The halts are "not surprising based on the volatility of the underlying [asset]. The futures are behaving as expected and designed," Tom Lehrkinder, senior analyst at consulting firm Tabb Group, was quoted by CNBC as saying.
Coindesk writes: "In all, the tumultuous start is perhaps a fitting start to the trading of the new contracts. CBOE's is the first to be traded on a major regulated exchange in the U.S., and it's set to be followed next week by CME Group, which has announced that it will launch its own products on Dec. 18."
The surge in bitcoin futures, the first of which expire in January, adds to the frenzy for the digital currency that was introduced in 2009 and has seen its value skyrocket in recent months.
But it has also contributed to concern that bitcoin, which is not backed by any country's central bank, is a speculative bubble that could burst if investors get nervous and begin selling.
As NPR's Bill Chappell wrote last month:
"Bitcoin's rise has been both meteoric and volatile, with surges in valuation often being driven by positive reports about its status. Earlier this year, for instance, Japan recognized bitcoin as an official method of payment. "... Another factor has been the move to split the original bitcoin segment into two currencies: bitcoin classic and bitcoin cash. That change, which became official in August, has allowed large trades in the currency to occur more frequently, while also promising to bolster its infrastructure."
"This is kind of the classic bubble psychology," Timothy Lee, a senior tech reporter with Ars Technica, tells NPR's Weekend Edition Saturday. "People hear about it and they say, 'Oh, maybe I should get in because this is an opportunity.' Then the cycle repeats. The price goes up some more, and so it gets more coverage."
The Associated Press writes "[the] rocketing level of appreciation smells a lot like an irrational investor mania to many economists and financial pros, the kind that sent prices for unprofitable startup internet companies soaring in the dot-com boom. Those prices eventually came crashing down."
According to The Financial Times, in Japan, investors were buying bitcoin with a leverage up to 15 times their cash deposit. However, "Yuzo Kano, bitFlyer's chief executive, said in an interview with the Financial Times that the liquidity on his Tokyo-based exchange — which has an 80 per cent share of bitcoin trading in Japan and 20-30 per cent of the global market — was deep enough to handle even the biggest market movements."
Test Boost Elite The more lean muscle groups you have, the greater energy you burn at relaxation and on to circulate. The extra muscular tissues you own, the extra power your body will require to keep that muscle.It receives that wanted power from burning and utilizing energy. And once more, the greater energy you burn, the more likely fat loss to occur.Muscle is a very metabolically
http://t-rexmuscleadvice.com/test-boost-elite/
Judge considering fraud investigator in NFL concussion case
Judge considering fraud investigator in NFL concussion case
Associated Press NEWS News 31 May 2018, 00:59 IST 8 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
PHILADELPHIA (AP) — Lawyers for the NFL urged a federal judge Wednesday to appoint a special investigator to look into what the league said is extensive fraud in claims on the $1 billion concussion settlement.
NFL attorneys said a study by the independent auditors in the claims process showed about 440 claims were flagged for denial based on evidence of fraud by attorneys, doctors or former players. Lawyers representing the former players and their estates said most of the opportunity for fraud has been resolved because anyone filing a claim after the settlement's effective date has to see a neuro-specialist from a list of approved certified physicians.
The settlement, which took effect January 2017, resolved thousands of lawsuits that accused the NFL of hiding what it knew about the risks of repeated concussions.
It covers retired players who develop Lou Gehrig's disease, dementia or other neurological problems believed to be caused by concussions suffered during their pro careers, with awards as high as $5 million for the most serious cases.
"We are talking about significant evidence of widespread fraud. We're not talking about a difference in medical opinion," said NFL attorney Richard Tarlowe.
Tarlowe showed evidence in fraud designations against eight doctors, two law firms and a former player. He focused on practices including doctors seeing players for evaluation not in clinical settings, but in hotel rooms, law offices or other places. He also cited a doctor who said she spent seven to 12 hours evaluating each patient, but approved sometimes as many as eight patients a day.
"That's physically impossible based on how long she said it takes," he said.
Three different attorneys who represent dozens of claimants spoke for the former players Wednesday. Two said they objected to the appointment of a special investigator with subpoena power and the ability to compel testimony.
They said the current structure is more than adequate for identifying fraud and not paying out claims. They also said the rules that became effective in January 2017 including the approved physicians list will greatly reduce the opportunity for fraudulent claims.
League lawyers said investigating the fraud claims has contributed to the slower determinations and awarding of money for legitimate claims. Plaintiffs' attorneys have said the settlement process is moving too slowly.
The claims administrators confirmed Wednesday that more than $300 million has been paid out from about $439 million that has been awarded through the claims process— nearly three times the expected amount for the first year of the settlement.
They also said they have the ability to determine if a claim is fraudulent and flag it for denial. The power of a special investigator would be to determine if there was purposeful intent behind the fraudulent claims.
Tarlowe said if intent is determined, cases could be referred to the Department of Justice, lawyers and doctors could be turned in to professional ethics panels and lose their ability to practice or other punitive measures might be taken.
Judge Anita Brody said she had only seen one case of fraud against a former player out of almost 20,000 possible claimants who registered.
"To be clear we are talking mostly about the doctors and lawyers in these cases," she said.
A man who suspected his common law wife was having an affair killed her in a ferocious knife attack, a jury heard.
Jaici Rocha stabbed Karina Batista through her left eye, cut her throat and stabbed her in the heart and lung, Bristol Crown Court heard.
The court was told he had previously sought help for his mental health, but had caused a mental health nurse to conclude he was not a danger to himself or anyone else.
Rocha, 37, of Kensington Park in Easton, denies murder in February.
Paul Dunkels QC, prosecuting, told the jury the couple worked as car cleaners and food delivers and had a “troubled” relationship.
Rocha suspected her of an affair with her brother-in-law, which she denied.
He claimed to have recorded voices on his mobile phone, which didn't exist, the court heard.
Mr Dunkels told the jury: “The defendant attacked her with a knife as she lay in bed.
“He targeted her face, neck and chest.
“He stabbed her in the eye and neck, slit her throat and severed the veins and arteries in her neck.
“He cut into the top of her spine and nearly severed her spinal cord.
“He left her dead in bed and covered her up.
“He locked the flat up and left.”
The jury was told after the killing Rocha withdrew £250 from Miss Batista's bank account and then drove around Bristol in a red Peugeot which had been driven by is partner.
The police have telephone cell site analysis as well as Automatic Number Plate Recognition (ANPR) evidence of Rocha's movements around the city after the alleged murder.
He then drove to a friend called Garcia in Patchway, asking to stay, and saying he had “fought with his wife, women were too complicated, and his wife had destroyed his life”.
Mr Garcia said he couldn't stay and Rocha left, before going to Brookland Hall mental health facility – where he had previously had a mental health consultation.
He was found crying, wailing and seemed to be fitting and was foaming at the mouth.
The Portuguese speaker said his wife was dead, in his native language, and was thought to have said the words: “I have”.
Police went to Rocha's flat, forced entry and found a dark, blood-stained flat in which Ms Batista was laying on a mattress completely covered by bedding.
Rocha was arrested later that morning.
The case, which is estimated to last some two weeks, continues.
Another major Indian IT firm has put its stamp on Alpharetta, announcing a 100-job expansion Thursday that will bring its total headcount in the north metro technology hub to 600 people.
Tech Mahindra, a $4 billion-plus outsourcing and tech giant that is part of the massive Mahindra & Mahindra conglomerate, announced its plans during a ceremony in its unfinished new office space, with folding chairs set up on a concrete expanse on the sixth floor.
In a coup for Atlanta, Tech Mahindra's gregarious global CEO made a rare trip to reinforce the importance of the investment and mark the Mahindra group's founder's day, which is celebrated each Oct. 2.
Chief Executive C.P. Gurnani, immediate past chairman of Indian national software society NASSCOM, praised Alpharetta for creating a hospitable environment for his workers, so much so that some local Indians have affectionately dubbed the city “Alphapuram,” a play on a common suffix for Indian towns.
David Belle Isle, mayor of Alpharetta and a candidate for Georgia secretary of state, said Indian tech giants have been part of a decade-long effort to brand the city as a tech hub.
Formally known for nondescript office buildings hidden behind trees, the city's tech industry is now front and center. Some 640 tech companies have created some 12,000 jobs over the last five years, he said.
“Today, Tech Mahindra becomes part of that story as well,” Mr. Belle Isle said.
“We don't want to import people to solve our customer problems.” -CP Gurnani
In an interview with Global Atlanta, Mr. Gurnani said the Atlanta area, with its prominent universities, is a “fountainhead” of human capital that continues to make it a great location for the company, especially as customers and tech partners move here.
“(The investment) only tells you that I am constantly expanding my base and content, and like every business has got its own fuel, my fuel is people,” he said.
But he was clear that the rapid growth and change across the global technology landscape, coupled with a general shortage of programmers in the U.S., means Tech Mahindra will likely have to bring in talent from around its global system, whether from Italy, Ireland or India, he said.
“There will not be enough skills available. The reality of today's world is that in science, technology and media, there is no way that there are enough skills available, because the rate of refresh is very hard and it is fast,” he said.
Indian outsourcing firms are heavy users of the H-1B visa category for skilled foreign workers in the U.S., but many have cut back since the program was put in crosshairs of the Trump administration earlier this year.
Mr. Trump signed an executive order to review the process in April, and he has advocated for a merit-based immigration system that he believes would protect American jobs and salaries. Some Indian companies like Infosys have responded announcing moves to hire more Americans and ramp up training efforts in partnership with local universities and high schools.
Mr. Trump has joined critics who have argued that tech companies use the visas, capped at a quota of 85,000 a year, to undercut American workers' salaries. Proponents of the visa say they can't find the workers in the first place.
It's a conundrum for both the employers and city and state leaders who aim to recruit more jobs. Indian companies have hired thousands across the U.S. as they have moved up the value chain, and they also have trained many American tech workers.
For its part, NASSCOM has said that between 2011-15 Indian IT companies directly and indirectly supported 400,000 jobs in the U.S., made over $2 billion worth of investments and paid $20 billion in U.S. taxes. Wipro, Infosys, Tata Consultancy Services, Tech Mahindra and NIIT all have a presence in metro Atlanta.
“These are our shining symbols, and they inspire other companies in India to come to the United States,” said Nagesh Singh, consul general of India in Atlanta, said in brief remarks praising the health of the U.S.-India relationship on multiple fronts.
But their rapid expansion has also necessitated more imported talent, especially as customers have begun to value speed of delivery — and proximity of the worker — more than price.
“You need to have speed, quality and cost, all three working together,” Mr. Gurnani said.
So far, Mr. Gurnani said, not much has changed on the immigration front. He believes Mr. Trump's proposed shifts are “purely noise” and that cooler heads will prevail. Just last week, the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services reinstated a “fast-track” option that lets them pay more to have a guaranteed review of their H-1B petition in 15 days.
Technology, Mr. Gurnani said, is undergoing a tectonic shift with the emergence of the Internet of Things in manufacturing, the growing need for cybersecurity and demands for the integration of artificial intelligence and augmented reality. Those trends require openness to the best talent globally.
“The U.S. has to be competitive in today's world, which is a digital world, a disruptive world, which is about design thinking, about new products and new cycles,” he told Global Atlanta.
He likened shifts in IT to changes in manufacturing, which has seen the deployment of more and more automation, requiring a higher baseline skill set for workers.
Mahindra sets itself apart from similar Indian “systems integrators” in India by its engineering and design capabilities, as well as its relative strength in media and telecommunications, he said.
From Atlanta, Mahindra is working throughout the Western Hemisphere, but it's also planning to target key sectors locally beyond its strengths in media and communications. Manufacturing will be a core focus, followed later by cybersecurity and financial technology.
If Alpharetta is fortunate, those challenges will be tackled by locals, Indian or otherwise.
“There is so much change that is happening, and I think we want to participate in that change,” Mr. Gurnani said in his final remarks to employees and supporters, including Mr. Belle Isle.
“Mayor, we want your support on skills development, because we don't want to import people to solve our customer problems.”
His audience consisted mostly of men of Indian descent.
HUDDERSFIELD TOWN chairman Dean Hoyle insists he never had any doubts regarding the future of head coach David Wagner following the German's decision to sign a new three-year contract.
The news that Wagner, a talismanic figure at the club alongside Hoyle, has committed his future to the club to the summer of 2021 has served as the perfect finale to a magical May for Town, who secured their top-flight status following a 1-1 draw at Chelsea 22 days ago.
Significantly, Wagner's decision has dispelled fears among Town supporters that he could leave during the close season, with his achievements having alerted a number of rival clubs, at home and abroad.
Leicester City are known admirers of the 46-year-old, who was strongly tipped as a potential successor for under-pressure manager Claude Puel earlier this month, should the Foxes decide to sack the Frenchman.
Wagner has also attracted significant interest from his native Germany in the past few months, with the Town head coach linked with moves to Eintracht Frankfurt and former club Borussia Dortmund, before their decisons to appoint Adi Hutter and Lucien Favre respectively as successors to Niko Kovac and Peter Stoeger.
However, despite all the speculation, Hoyle remained confident that the hugely-popular head coach would stay put and be energised by his next challenge of consolidating Town in the Premier League following two momentous campaigns.
Huddersfield Town manager David Wagner (Picture: PA)
Planning for next season is already well under way, with new sporting director Olaf Rebbe – who worked in an identical role at Bungesliga outfit Wolfsburg – set to begin work in his new role tomorrow, with Town targetting some quality additions to boost their options this summer.
Hoyle said: “I understand why David is so talked about and sought-after given the things he has achieved here; he is a very talented head coach and has played a huge role in transforming Huddersfield Town into the club it is today.
“However, I have never had any doubts about David's future. Time and time again he has shown his commitment to Huddersfield Town, as the club has demonstrated its commitment to him.”
Wagner admits to being ‘excited by the future' following his decision to agree an extended deal, with assistant head coach Christophe Buehler and first-team coach Andrew Hughes having also signed new three-year contracts.
I have never had any doubts about David's future. Time and time again he has shown his commitment to Huddersfield Town, as the club has demonstrated its commitment to him. Dean Hoyle
It is the second time in just under 12 months that Wagner – who joined Town in November 2015 – had agreed fresh terms.
Last summer, he penned a new two-year-contract after leading Huddersfield into the top-flight for the first time in 44 years. And Wagner has cited the challenge of turning Town into an established Premier League outfit, allied to his special relationship with the club and its supporters, as being pivotal in his decision to agree fresh terms.
Wagner said: “The decision to extend my stay at this club was not a difficult one. The relationship Christoph, Andy and I have with Dean, the rest of the board, the staff and the supporters is special. We have achieved some incredible things together in two and a half years and now I am excited about the future.
“We still have a lot of work to do as we adapt to life in the Premier League, but this club and its people have the ambition, desire and attitude to take this challenge on.”
Emphasising the importance of Buehler and Hughes, Hoyle added: “They have played integral parts in the success we have all enjoyed. Together, they make a fantastic, talented coaching team as they all bring different skill-sets to the table. We have a fantastic working relationship and we are looking forward to taking on the challenge of establishing Huddersfield Town in the Premier League together.”
Teens Arrested Accused of Chase in Stolen Car
HOWELL, ZYKESE DEMAR TREVON_preview Photo: LCSD
JENKINS, JALEN_preview
Lexington, SC (WOLO) — The Lexington Sheriff's Department says they arrested two teens they say took them on a short chase in a stolen car with stolen property inside the vehicle.
According to Deputies, a school resource officer noticed two teens on the campus of Airport High School where officials say they were disturbing the school.
Officials say an investigator attempted to stop the car along Platt Springs Road, but authorities say 17 year old Zykese Howell continued driving, taking police on a short chase in what was later determined to be a stolen car.
Inside the car, officials say they found marijuana and some items that were reportedly stolen during a series of car break in's earlier this week.
Deputies say Howell who was driving the car is accused of being in possession of a a stolen vehicle and failure to stop for blue lights.
The passenger, 17 year old Jalen Jenkins has been charged with simple possession of marijuana.
Both teens have been released on bond. T
AN ageing society means that we need to reach a longer-term sustainable settlement for social care. That is why the Government have committed to publishing a Green Paper by summer 2018 setting out their proposals for reform. An inter-ministerial group is overseeing this work. This builds on the additional £2bn over the next three years that we have already provided.
In developing the Green Paper, it is right that we take the time needed to debate the many complex issues and listen to the perspectives of experts and care users, building consensus around reforms which can succeed. That is why we are starting a process of initial engagement over the coming months through which the Government will work with experts, stakeholders and users to shape the long-term reforms that will be proposed.
The Government recognise there is broad agreement across Parliament that reform of social care is a priority, and we look forward to working with Parliamentarians to hear a range of views.
The Prime Minister has been clear that the consultation will include proposals to place a limit on the care costs that individuals face. To allow for fuller engagement and the development of the approach, and so that reforms to the care system and how it is paid for are considered in the round, we will not take forward the previous Government's plans to implement a cap on care costs in 2020.
Further details of the Government's plans will be set out after we have consulted on the options. The Green Paper will focus primarily on reform of care for older people, but will consider elements of the adult care system that are common to all recipients of social care.
We are committed to ensuring that people with disabilities and complex conditions can live healthy, independent lives, and participate fully in society.
To ensure that issues specific to working-age adults with care needs are considered in their own right, the Government have committed to taking forward a parallel programme of work on working-age social care, led jointly by the Department of Health and the Department for Communities and Local Government. This work will be overseen by the inter-ministerial group to ensure close alignment with the Green Paper.
Of course, carers are vital partners in the health and social care system. It would not make any sense to pursue strategic issues related to carers in isolation from the wider work on the future of social care, so they will be a key part of the Green Paper. A sustainable settlement will not be possible without focusing on how our society supports carers. I am committed to making sure that the issues raised with us through the call for evidence on carers in 2016 are central to any proposals for the wider social care system.
Alongside this, we must continue to work to improve the experience of carers today. The Government remains fully committed to supporting carers in providing care as they wish to, and in a way that supports their own health and wellbeing, and their employment and life chances. In the New Year, ahead of the Green Paper's publication, the Department of Health will publish an action plan, setting out priorities for a cross-Government programme of support over the next two years.
In the short and medium term, we are taking important steps to ensure we have a stable adult social care sector. We are promoting quality care across the system and supporting the wider networks and services that keep people living independently for longer. It is important to recognise that quality across the adult social care sector remains good overall. However, it underlined that there are substantial variations in the quality of care depending on where people live.
Looking beyond social care provision, it is important to highlight the broader support and services that help people to live independently for longer. Well-adapted, specialised housing is becoming increasingly important. The means-tested disabled facilities grant helps with meeting the cost of adapting a property to the needs of a person with a disability or support need. This year's autumn Budget has provided an additional £42m for the rest of the 2017-18 financial year, taking funding for this year to £473m.
Getting social care right means a better system that everyone can have confidence in, in which all people understand their responsibilities, can prepare for the future, and know that the care they receive will be to a high standard and help them maintain their independence and wellbeing. This Government wants to take the time to consult and build consensus on a long-term, sustainable settlement for the future, which includes looking at the quality of care being delivered, the funding of the system, and how it will be paid for in the round.
Jackie Doyle-Price is a Health Minister who gave this statement to Parliament on social care.
'Game Changer': Maya Cities Unearthed In Guatemala Forest Using Lasers
Enlarge this image toggle caption PACUNAM/Marcello Canuto & Luke Auld-Thomas PACUNAM/Marcello Canuto & Luke Auld-Thomas
By raining down laser pulses on some 770 square miles of dense forest in northern Guatemala, archaeologists have discovered 60,000 Maya structures that make up full sprawling cities.
And the new technology provides them with an unprecedented view into how the ancient civilization worked, revealing almost industrial agricultural infrastructure and new insights into Maya warfare.
"This is a game changer," says Thomas Garrison, an archaeologist at Ithaca College who is one of the leaders of the project. It changes "the base level at which we do Maya archaeology."
The data reveals that the area was three or four times more densely populated than originally thought. "I mean, we're talking about millions of people, conservatively," says Garrison. "Probably more than 10 million people."
The researchers fired LiDAR technology, short for "Light Detection and Ranging," down at the dense forest from an airplane. This research was organized by the PACUNAM LiDAR Initiative, and Garrison says the area's size is "more than double any other survey that's been done with this technology."
"As it flies the laser pulses hundreds of thousands of times per second," Garrison adds. "And every time one of those lasers hits a point of resistance it stops and sends back a measurement to the plane."
Some of these pulses make it all the way down to the forest floor. The data is then used to visually strip away trees and plants, ultimately mapping only the structures that have been hidden by jungle. You can think of it as digital deforestation.
toggle caption PACUNAM/Thomas Garrison
LiDAR allows scientists to accomplish years or even decades worth of mapping in a single afternoon. For example, Garrison says he was part of a team that worked for some eight years to map less than a square mile at a site called El Zotz. The plane using LiDAR took data for 67 square miles in a matter of hours.
"It's very humbling," says Garrison. "For those of us that spent our lives mapping and slogging around this area ... you just sort of have to bow before the LiDAR and accept the fact that it's better than you are."
The team surveyed 10 separate areas. It took months to process the data. As the picture became clearer, Garrison said he would send emails to his colleagues expressing surprise at the magnitude.
He recalls seeing an initial image of one area in northern Guatemala. "I saw this image and I said, the whole area is covered in Maya settlement. You won't believe it," he adds. "And then once we got the actual data and saw the whole scope of it. We said, 'Wow, we're going to be able to really do something with this.'"
Together, they are able to weave together a picture of individual city-states and their vast support network.
"Everything is amplified and made much clearer for us and we see how it all fits together in a way that we have not seen before," he says. "We're seeing it all laid bare, and saying, 'OK, this is how all of this was connected and came together.'"
Archeologists, for example, knew that the Maya had agricultural fields. But he says this data show "huge, huge expanses of these irrigated field systems in these low lying swamps."
And they knew that the Maya fought, often with each other, because defensive walls had been previously spotted. But this new information reveals "Maya fortresses and systems of interconnected watchtowers," raising the possibility of more sophisticated and large-scale warfare.
The civilization had a network of raised causeways stretching "many, many kilometers." They also were "channeling water for hundreds of meters or modifying hilltops so they become these impregnable areas."
The picture this paints, he says, is one that is to some extent more advanced than previously thought: "This is like landscape engineering. They have molded the world around them to serve their purposes and survive."
toggle caption PACUNAM/Marcello Canuto & Luke Auld-Thomas
The most important Maya city, Tikal, was found to be three or four times larger than the scientists had thought, with a previously undiscovered pyramid in its center. And Garrison adds that they're not totally sure they've surveyed the entire extent of that city.
Suddenly having a broad view allows archaeologists to ask many new questions, he says. And there's plenty of forest to still explore — the study area is a fraction of the total area where the Maya lived.
NASHVILLE — Tennessee quarterback Marcus Mariota will be a game-time decision for Sunday's matchup against the Dolphins.
Mariota was listed Friday as questionable for the game in Miami after being limited in practice for the third consecutive day with a left hamstring injury suffered last week in a 57-14 loss at Houston.
"I've been able to get out there for a little bit, but the majority of practice I do a lot of rehab. My first and foremost goal is to get healthy, and that's what I've been working on," Mariota said Friday.
Mariota said he needs to have some mobility in order to be able to play. The Titans (2-2) are talking about letting him take part in Saturday's walk-through. But a final decision might not be reached until 90 minutes before kickoff Sunday when the list of inactives is due.
"I think if I'm able to move around and am able to hand the ball off, and am able to drop back, then I'll definitely play," Mariota said. "It's a tough decision. It's a decision that was made this past Sunday in Houston. It's never easy for an athlete. To that point, I'm going to do my best to get healthy, and hopefully, I'll be ready to go."
Titans coach Mike Mularkey said he didn't want Mariota doing much in practice, preferring the quarterback to heal up.
"We're not putting him to a point where he could make it any worse, so he actually feels pretty good right now," Mularkey said.
If Mariota is unable to start, then backup Matt Cassel will start. He took the bulk of the first-team reps in practice this week after struggling last week coming off the bench. Cassel was intercepted twice with one returned for a touchdown and stripped of the ball when sacked.
Brandon Weeden, signed Tuesday as insurance, would be the backup if Mariota does not play.
Both wide receiver Corey Davis and safety Johnathan Cyprien as out again this week. Both players have missed multiple weeks with hamstring injuries of their own.
Editor's Note: We recently asked some Clinton Countians to tell us about their first summer job. This is the Part 3 of a 4-part News Journal series.
By Randy Riley
Former Mayor/County Commissioner
In the early 1960s, I would mow lawns and shovel snow for neighbors in Germantown. Around 1962, I started delivering newspapers for the old Dayton Journal Herald. That brought in a regular weekly income and also gave me several more lawn and snow customers.
The first time I was paid by the hour was a year later. I added farm-hand to my resume. During the summer, I worked for Mr. Tacke. He was a large man with a large produce farm on the outskirts, west of town.
He raised sweet corn, tomatoes, melons, cucumbers and acres of green beans. I learned how to hoe, weed, water and pick. Dick paid me 60 cents an hour – a penny a minute. I think he did that because it was easier to figure out what he owed me each week.
When it came time to pick beans, I got paid by the pound. I picked beans like a machine. Some pickers used a stool. I'd bend at the waist and keep on moving. By the end of the season, I could lock my knees, bend forward and touch my elbows to the ground. By the end of the summer, I was in the best shape of my life.
When the sun would hide behind a cloud while I was watering the tomatoes, it was heaven to get as wet as the produce. Sometimes I would rinse off a bright red tomato and bite right into it. The juice would run down my chest and I'd immediately rinse it off with the hose.
As long as I didn't eat my own weight in tomatoes, Mr. Tacke was OK with my sampling the produce. Sometimes, I would also eat an ear of fresh, young sweet corn with my tomato. That was a great lunch.
When it came time to pick or hoe the sweet corn, I would wade into the middle of Mr. Tacke's million-acre cornfield. At times it seemed like more than a million acres. There I would hoe the weeds and sweat the afternoon away. If I took off my shirt, the corn leaves would slice me like a knife. I used to fantasize about being Daniel Boone running the gauntlet.
There is probably no place, short of hell in the summer, that is hotter than the middle of a sweet corn field. It can only be made more miserable by having your own sweat run into the dozens of corn-leaf cuts on your arms.
Darcy Reynolds
Co-Director,
Main Street Wilmington
I was a highway worker. I painted edge lines, center lines, and flagged cars.
I liked riding around in the truck reading for hours on end when we were stopped. They used to hide my books from me and say, “Don't be a college brat, trying to read.” I said, “Guys, we are doing nothing. We're just sitting here.” They were funny guys.
I didn't like the difficulty of bathroom breaks since I was the only female.
I learned on this job the philosophy of day workers. Which I remember to this day. My hair grows on state time, I get it cut on state time. They had a whole collection of these.
Cora Kramer
Social Studies Teacher
Wilmington High School
My first job was working at the visitor center at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base. My main responsibility was to write visitor passes so people could get on base.
I really liked the flexibility in my schedule. They were willing to work around my college class schedule, and I was even able to come in for a few hours before and after some of my classes.
It's hard to pick something about the job that I didn't like because it was a great first job. I would have to say that the worst part was the amount of responsibility I had for my very first job! It was a little bit intimidating. If I messed up, I could have let someone on base that should not have been allowed on!
While I was working, the crew from the show “Ghost Hunters” came to the base to investigate some of the buildings that were said to be haunted. We got to meet everyone from the show. It was a lot of fun!
Kristi Fickert
VP of Marketing,
Councilwoman
I was always eager to work and earn my own money and while I held many small jobs at a fairly young age, one of my first real summer jobs was as a certified American Red Cross Lifeguard when I was 16 years old. I worked at the local YMCA here in Wilmington, both as a lifeguard and swim instructor and also at The Beach Waterpark in Mason.
I grew up in and around water and I've been boating and enjoying water sports since I was about 6 months old. I really enjoyed sharing that love of the water with others and helping others learn to enjoy it safely, too. Seeing someone, especially a grown adult, learn to swim for the first time and being a part of that success for them was really rewarding. To have played a role in removing their fear of water and giving them such an important life skill was such a great feeling.
Lifeguarding can be a high-stress job, especially for a young teenager. You have to be “always on” and there's no room to make mistakes or errors. You've only got 20-60 seconds to identify a drowning in process, so you've got to be focused for every single second you're on duty. It was definitely not the “sit back and get a nice tan” job that many envision.
I will never forget how challenging the swim test was to become a certified lifeguard. I was in great shape to start with, but it was grueling.
And, the Cincinnati Bengals were still hosting their training camps at Wilmington College at the time I was guarding. They would 0ll visit the pool after their daily workouts and it was fun to get to mingle with them.
https://www.wnewsj.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/22/2018/07/TellUsYourStory_6-1.pdf
TORONTO — An 18-year-old university student from China is dead and three others were sent to hospital after a house fire in east Toronto, authorities said Wednesday.
Fire officials said the blaze broke out early Wednesday morning at the home shared by the four University of Toronto students who attended the school's nearby Scarborough campus.
Deputy Fire Chief Jim Jessop said the body of the young woman who died in the blaze was found in a second-floor bedroom.
One of the other students who survived the fire jumped from a second-floor window to escape the flames, which left a gaping hole in the roof of the house, Jessop said.
Firefighters had to fight the blaze from the outside and were unable to enter the home for some time, Jessop said.
The University of Toronto called the death of the student from China a tragedy.
"The thoughts of the entire campus community are with the family of the student who was killed in the fire and with the three other students who were in the house," vice-president Bruce Kidd said in a statement.
He added that the university has reached out to the three students who escaped the fire to offer assistance.
Fire officials are investigating what may have caused the blaze.
By The Canadian Press
VENTURA (Reuters) -
Monday, December 11, 2017 at 8:04 pm |
Firefighters light backfire while trying to keep a wildfire from jumping Santa Ana Road near Ventura, Calif., on Saturday. (AP Photo/Noah Berger)
Crews battling a massive wind-driven California wildfire that has torched nearly 1,000 buildings and charred an area larger than New York City on Monday struggled to protect communities menaced by flames along the state's scenic coastline.
The Thomas Fire ignited a week ago and has burned 230,500 acres in Ventura and Santa Barbara counties, about 100 miles northwest of downtown Los Angeles.
Firefighters were contending with severe weather as the fire expanded into Santa Barbara County, threatening the communities of Montecito and Summerland, the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection (Cal Fire) said in a statement.
Santa Ana winds and the rugged mountainous terrain have hindered firefighters as they battle the blaze, which has destroyed 644 homes and 138 outbuildings and damaged another 187 buildings, officials said.
The fire was 15 percent contained, up from 10 percent on Sunday night. The Thomas Fire grew on Sunday by 56,000 acres and made a run of 7 miles, Concialdi said.
Nearly 6,397 firefighting personnel are working on the blaze, which is the fifth-largest wildfire on record in California, according to Cal Fire.
Santa Barbara Mayor Helene Schneider, speaking by phone, said winds have calmed a bit, keeping the fire in the hills outside of the city. The fire was not spreading quickly, but it also is not clearing out smoke.
“Every where you go, you see people wearing the masks,” said Schneider.
A layer of ash is also gathering over the city, she said.
The mayor said public schools in Santa Barbara and some school systems nearby have canceled classes this week and will not reconvene until the annual winter break is completed in January.
Some of the other fires burning over the past week in San Diego and Los Angeles counties have been largely controlled by the thousands of firefighters on the ground this week.
Both the Creek and Rye fires in Los Angeles County were 95 and 93 percent contained, respectively, by Monday morning, officials said, while the Skirball Fire in the posh Bel Air neighborhood of Los Angeles was 85 percent contained.
North of San Diego, the 4,100-acre Lilac Fire was 80 percent contained by Monday morning.
Here's a look at the 15 most important Cleveland Cavaliers and Golden State Warriors for the 2018 NBA Finals.
15. Larry Nance, Cavaliers: After two seven-game series during the Cavaliers playoff run, an injection of youth should do this team some good. Hence, Nance and Clarkson nudge some of the other peripheral players off this list for these finals.
14. Jordan Clarkson, Cavaliers: He's been one of the best defensive players in these playoffs (102.3 defensive rating), and may get consistent minutes defending Steph Curry,
13. J.R. Smith, Cavaliers: He could go off — maybe. The declining veteran still gets hot. What's more likely is that Smith keeps doing what he's been doing for the regular season and the playoffs: roughly 30 minutes, eight points, two rebounds and one assist per game.
12. Shaun Livingston, Warriors: The most efficient defender on a Golden State bench, which isn't saying much. Livingston boasts a 104.5 rating, which is exemplary, in part, of Livingston's dependability on and off the court.
11. Tristan Thompson, Cavaliers: The Cavaliers will need boards and defense. They can't let Draymond Green and company bully them around — or Steph Curry for that matter. After all, Curry had eight rebounds per game to Thompson's 5.8 in the 2017 NBA Finals.
10. George Hill, Cavaliers: Find this man some Chipotle barbacoa tacos with guacamole, Hill's lucky pregame dinner. Cleveland is going to need his best on both ends of the court. And they haven't exactly been getting it. He's shooting well from the field (46 percent). It's a different story from 3. He was hitting 41.5 percent of his 3's in the regular season, but is at 25.7 percent in this postseason.
9. Kyle Korver, Cavaliers: LeBron appears to be sharing the fountain of youth with 37-year-old Korver, who was energetic at times for Cleveland. Like so many of these Cavaliers, however, Korver needs to find consistency as a scorer. Ty Lue could also do Korver a favor by making him more than just a matchup player.
8. Jeff Green, Cavaliers: When Kevin Love returns from his concussion, Green's minutes will wane. But maybe Ty Lue will try to get Green on the court more often after his Game 7 performance against the Celtics (19 points, eight rebounds, 50 percent from the field, 42 minutes). He has been an efficient shooter in the last two games by hitting 44.4 percent from the field against the Celtics and 54.8 percent against the Raptors. He could be an x-factor for the Cavaliers.
7. Andre Iguodala, Warriors: Steve Kerr said he thinks the Warriors would have won the Western Conference Finals in five games, had Iggy played. While it's an exaggerated sentiment, his value is tremendous, particularly as a world-renowned LeBron-stopper. If Iggy can get healthy and find ways to stop LeBron from putting up 40 every night, the Warriors would be incredibly happy. Without Iguodala, the Warriors have a significant conundrum in defending LeBron.
6. Kevin Love, Cavaliers: LeBron is going to need help from someone – anyone. Love has been a monster on the boards, but has been inconsistent as a scorer. He won't have to put up 30 every night (even though we saw in Game 2 against the Raptors that he's capable of it). But he'll have to do better than what he did against Boston (15 ppg in the games he finished). Love is still in the concussion protocol as we head toward the series, after missing Game 7, so his return is vital.
5. Klay Thompson, Warriors: The run of Warriors' All-Stars begins. Thompson showed in Game 6 against the Rockets that he can be the most influential scorer on Golden State. He went off for 35 points while hitting 9 of 14 from the 3-point line. But with so many (more) talented scorers on the roster, Thompson happily plays third fiddle to Steph Curry and Kevin Durant.
4. Draymond Green, Warriors: In the past, his value wasn't completely apparent until he was gone (see: the 2016 NBA Finals and the 3-1 phenomena). Green has a plus-8.2 on-court rating this postseason with 11.1 points, 11.6 rebounds and 8.1 assists per game. He was abysmal shooting from 3 during the Western Conference Finals at 11.8 percent. If he can find his range, he's an incredibly versatile tool, and he'll also help with defending LeBron.
3. Steph Curry, Warriors: Curry's rare shooting woes against the Rockets showed just how infallible he's been in his career. From behind 3-point line, he was 2 of 13 in the first two games of the series, and then was 2 of 8 in Game 5. We're genuinely shocked when his 3-pointers don't go in with staggering efficiency. Another 3-point shooting slump might open the door for the Cavaliers, much like it did for the Rockets.
2, Kevin Durant, Warriors: Against the Rockets – probably the second best team in the NBA – Durant could do pretty much whatever he wanted. He'd make plays where there would only be one response: How? Durant is not far off from LeBron in terms of skill. It's just that Durant has Curry, Green and Thompson to help carry the load. He's just as talented, but his impact on the series is lessened by all the help.
1. LeBron James, Cavaliers: He's the best player in basketball and in the NBA Finals. And he'll have to play like it. If LeBron doesn't average almost 45-10-10, then the Cavaliers won't win. He barely beat the Celtics with 41-9-8.5. He'll have to do better against the Warriors.
HENDERSONVILLE, N.C. — May 22, 2018 — Kimberly-Clark Corp. has approved $30 million for expansion and improvements to its nonwovens manufacturing facility in Hendersonville, North Carolina. The plant produces nonwoven materials for Kimberly-Clark's North American adult and feminine care brands including Depend, Poise and U by Kotex.
The two-year project will focus on expanding the plant's production capacity and efficiency, and is expected to add 14 new jobs at the site, while maintaining current employment.
“The Berkeley Mill team is proud about the role we will play in supporting the future growth of Kimberly-Clark's adult and feminine care business in North America,” said Ernest Humphries, plant manager, Kimberly-Clark's Berkeley Mill. “This investment, combined with the commitment of our employees and the support of the local community, will bolster the mill's competitiveness and position us for continued success.”
“Henderson County is very proud to support Berkeley Mill's expansion,” said Michael Edney, Chairman of the Henderson County Board of Commissioners. “Kimberly-Clark is a legacy employer in our county, and we are proud to play a key role in the company's future. We look forward to many more years together.”
Posted May 29, 2018
Source: Kimberly-Clark Corp.
Daryl Powell admitted his Castleford Tigers players were second-best in many of departments after they were edged out by St Helens at Langtree Park.
Saints delivered a fine first-half display before holding off a spirited Tigers fightback to hand stand-in boss Jamahl Lolesi his first win since Keiron Cunningham's departure.
Castleford's Ben Roberts scored two tries. Picture: Alex Whitehead/SWpix.com
Matty Fleming, Luke Douglas and Mark Percival all crossed as the hosts took a 20-8 lead into the interval, while Regan Grace's try with 12 minutes left proved decisive.
Greg Eden and Ben Roberts both touched down twice for Castleford, who suffered only their second defeat of the campaign.
“In the first half we just got beaten for attitude and energy,” Tigers' head coach Powell.
“We started okay but their speed at the play the ball was far superior to ours.
We were just not right in between our ears today. We defended well on our line but we made too many errors in posession. Castleford Tigers' head coach, Daryl Powell
“We defended well on our line but we made too many errors in posession. Weight of posession at Easter is always going to be crucial – and we were on the wrong end of it.
“We were just not right in between our ears today. I said to the boys at half-time that we needed to keep them out if we were to go on and win - but we didn't manage to do it.”
Powell also dismissed claims that Grace had fumbled the ball over the line for the killer try.
He added: “The fans thought the try at the end was a knock-on. But it's a try isn't it? We have to improve and we will have to respond. The boys are disappointed. We haven't won here for a long time and we thought we could have done that today.”
Saints caretaker coach Sean Long couldn't hide his delight at the effort shown by his players just days after the sacking of head coach Keiron Cunningham.
““I'm really pleased with the effort and energy,” said Long.
“The boys turned up and it was a short turnaround following the game against Wigan.
“We found a way to win and Cas are a class team – to beat them is pleasing.”
St Helens: Makinson, Swift, Fleming, Percival, Grace, Fages, Smith, Amor, Lee, Walmsley, Taia, Wilkin, Thompson. Substitutes: Douglas, Walker, Peyroux, Knowles.
Castleford Tigers: Hardaker, Minikin, Webster, Shenton, Eden, Roberts, Gale, Lynch, McShane, Moors, Millington, McMeeken, Massey. Substitutes:Holmes, Milner, Sene-Lefao, Cook.
Referee: Chris Campbell (RFL).
VIDEO: December Big Buck Strategy Dr. Grant Woods shows us how to switch strategies to bowhunt effectively in December. And he takes us on a successful big buck bowhunt for this white racked buck.
VIDEO: Bow Setup For Smaller Women by Michele Eichler Bowhunter and Archer Michele Eichler goes over the best equipment for the smaller shooter to use when bowhunting big game
'Double Finger' Close Up Pics Now we have a closer look at the 'Double Finger' buck. He has a nice gut working. But he doesn't always show it, I'll tell you why. And let's talk about that rack again.
VIDEO: Giant Canadian Buck Dean videos as Steve gets the job done on a huge Canadian Whitetail buck on the TV hunting show Dean Partridge's Whitetail.
Here Comes August: Changes In The Deer Woods August is a mixed bag in the deer woods. Bucks are channeling all their energy into growing bigger racks. Fawns are getting a little larger daily. Does are teaching them by example. And the woods…
What Do Bucks Do In August? Whitetail deer like edges, places where the terrain changes from one type to another. We meet the "Double Finger" buck there today.
Meanwhile, We're Still Growing Last night it rained and the deer woods was beautiful this morning. And when a 9-point and 8-point came through the area I got some good pictures of them and their activities.
The Deer Woods Watch Continues Into August The afternoon shadows under the limbs slowly grew darker as the sun poked along lower and lower. I spotted a big bodied deer and glassed it.
Wild Turkey Gobblers VS Whitetail Buck Did you know that wild turkey Gobblers can fight with whitetail deer, even bucks? They will, and you can see it right now.
VIDEO: 5 Tips For All Day Deerhunting Tips To help You Be In The Woods When The Bucks Are. As October ends, it's time for you to sit in your stand from "dark-to-dark". from first thing in the morning until shooting light…
How To Improve Native Whitetail Browse Have Better Deer Hunting by improving your area's native vegetation! Here's an in-depth look at what to do to get results.
Buck Pictures July 28 A nice buck in velvet came out of the woods and went to the plowed area I felt like things were going to work out now that I drove the hogs off by taking 5…
The Hunter Game “Bow Hunt – Muledeer” by TNT Skulk through mule deer country with your cyber bow and arrows on your iPhone, iPad or Android phone or tablet. Keep an eye out for mule deer. A very entertaining game. Cool music.
Big Bucks And Fawns In July This morning was what my friend Dennis Crabtree calls a "Dandy." First, a nice July buck in velvet passed in front of my blind, he obviously was going somewhere. And he was gonna make me…
In The Deer Woods July 26 The last hour of good daylight got things going, deer wise. I got pictures of does and some fawns, MUSHROOM head with a date and two bucks with good rack potential.
An Intervention: Hog Control Here In The Not So Wide Open Places There Are Other Places For Deer To Go If Your Place Gets Too Hog-A-Fied For Them. I Want To Keep That From Happening.
Mobile Bowhunting Game Learn all about the IENT Bowhunter game for apple or android mobile devices. From Jason Balazs Of Outdoor Product Review.
Deer 2017: Big Problems A doe and fawn came into the area. As I watched them two bucks approached them. I thought "I just might get some good buck pictures this morning." Wrong!
The Morning After Magic Buck Day After seeing the 3 nice bucks late yesterday afternoon I was pumped. I wanted to go to sleep early and hit the sack at 9:30 so I'd get plenty of sleep and get out before…
July Food Plot Done Right It's pretty common for someone to ask me about food plots. I always tell them I use 'small' food plots. But how small is small? You might be surprised.
Magic Buck Day Rides Again BINGO! There were two nice bucks in a group of trees 20 yards away. I needed to put the laptop down and grab my camera. Magic Buck was starting.
Deer Pictures: Something Different The Buck and Doe in this picture are together ... in July! It's a rare occurrence but it happens. Know why?
More July 2nd Week Pics This morning is Does and Fawns in the deer woods on July 15.
Kyle And Jennifer Bowhunt "Kick It In Son." Kyle and Jennifer watched these buck grow from 1 1/2 year old to a 5 1/2 year old 171" trophy buck they called "Kick It In Son."
Deer This Morning: July 12 It was a doe and fawn and 2 other deer I couldn't I.D.. They moved around and a pair of antlers perked into my view. Whitetail deer pictures by Robert Hoague July 12 2017.
July 7-9 In The Deer Woods Here are a few highlights of the deer I took pictures of on July 7, 8 and 9. The deer moved later than expected. Things are always changing in the deer woods.
Mushroom Head Buck And A Fawn Hangout A "Mushroom Head" buck, Fawns on the move, and finding a new place for deer activity and more pictures.
In The Deer Woods: July 4 Just before daylight July 4th I got in position to take pictures of deer in the 20 acre winter wheat field by my home. Almost an hour passed before I saw any deer.
Last Of June Deer Pictures The bucks antlers have grown all month, and most bucks have had their main beam and brow tines grow 4 to 6 times longer than they were in late april and early June.
2017 Deer Pictures: First Fawn There are some real highlights that happen this time of the year in my Deer Picture Taking world. One major highlight is seeing and taking pictures of the new Fawns of 2017.
Finding The New Bucks 2017: Getting Their Pictures I love taking pictures of deer. And I've been lucky enough to do that actively for the last 30 years, and in particular since I began Bowhunting.net in 1996 when I developed a following of…
FINDING THE NEW BUCKS: 2017 One of my favorite things about living next to the deer woods is taking pictures of the bucks as their antlers begin to grow and continue to develop.
Bomar Bowhunting: Sarah Gets A Double Grand Slam Sarah Bomar lacks one Rio Grande gobbler to have a Double Grand Slam this year, all on video. To try to make it happen Sarah and Josh Bomar of Bomar Bowhunting go to Kansas for…
Cindy Lavender: The 'Toad Of A Bear' Pictures In case you aren't familiar with the use of the word 'toad' to describe a bear, it doesn't mean he has warts, it means the bear is a real big one. And Cindy's bear definitely…
One More Turkey Hunt Nothing beats being in the right place at the right time when the gobblers fly down to begin their daily search for wild turkey hens.
VIDEO: Kansas Bowhunt For Big 14 Point Buck This is bowhunting video at it's best. Strictly the real deal, just like you're in those Kansas woods with Tracy when a big 14 point buck hears your grunts and heads toward your stand.
Bear Attack On Video! Everybody Tells Ya That Bowhunting Black Bear Is Not Dangerous. I Guess This Bear Wasn't Listening!
Time To Go Shed Hunting After The Bucks In Your Area Shed Their Racks From Last Season It's Time For You To Check Out Your Hunting Area For Them.
Robert Hoague: Florida Gator Bowhunt I've Had Several Memorable Gator Hunts In Florida With David Mills And Here Is One We Got On Video
CONTEST: Win A QAD Utlrarest HDX Drop Away Arrrow Rest from Outdoor Product Review Jason Balazs promised it and it's happening right now! You can WIN a brand new QAD HDX drop awayrest for your favorite bow!
VIDEO: Montana Ek Wallow Bowhunt Four Years Of Bowhunting Montana Public Land for Elk Pays Off Big as a spatacular bull elk comes to an elk wallow where our bowhunter is waiting.
Minnesota Longbeard Bowhunt "Bowhunting is trial and error, but as long as you never stop learning you will always improve." says Joshua Wells as he takes us on his 2017 MN wild turkey bowhunt.
Is It A Hen Or A Gobbler? Gobblers and Hen wild turkeys have different purposes and look quite different. But less experienced turkey hunters justifiably have trouble telling them apart.
VIDEO: Austrailian Wild Dog Bowhunt Join Ayden and James Doumtsis in Northern Queensland, Australia on a predator control bowhunt on the wild dog population.
Wild Turkeys Vs Domestic? In a single word, survival. A wild turkey hen teaches her poults how to react to their harsh and varied environments of the North America wilderness.
Wild Turkey Vision: The Facts You Need To Know With a few exceptions, most birds have little or no sense of smell, but they are amply counterbalanced with extraordinary eyesight.
VIDEO: Where To Aim On A Wild Turkey Aiming at the right spot when you shoot your next wild turkey makes all the difference. Watch this video and be sure you shoot your next gobbler right!
VIDEO: Tennesee Gobbler Double Bowhunt Spring Bowhunt in the mountains near Monterey, Tennessee. Two gobblers are called into bow range and our bowhunter makes two perfect shots.
Why Control Coyotes Now? Now, does are dropping their fawns and teaching them how to find food and get around in their area. That's the perfect scenario for coyotes and predators.
Hurricane Nate gained force as it headed toward the central Gulf of Mexico early Saturday after drenching Central America in rain that was blamed for at least 21 deaths.
Forecasters said it was likely to reach the U.S. Gulf Coast as early as Saturday evening.
The U.S. National Hurricane Center warned that Nate could raise sea levels by 4 to 7 feet from Morgan City, Louisiana, to the Alabama-Florida border. It had already had caused deadly flooding in much of Central America.
The center added metropolitan New Orleans and Lake Pontchartrain to its latest hurricane warning.
Here is the latest on the status of the storm:
Nate intensifies: The National Hurricane Center reported shortly before 1 a.m. Central on Saturday that Nate was a Category 1 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 80 miles per hour and was heading north-northwest at a brisk 22 mph. Three hours earlier, it had maximum winds of 75 mph.
The storm was located about 420 miles south-southeast of the mouth of the Mississippi River.
In a tweet, the National Hurricane Center advised that the hurricane was "booking" toward the Gulf Coast.
Hurricane #Nate Advisory 11A: Hurrricane Nate Booking Toward the Central Gulf of Mexico. https://t.co/VqHn0uj6EM -- NHC Atlantic Ops (@NHC_Atlantic) October 7, 2017
The fast movement of the storm means it is unlikely to drop massive amounts of rain as Hurricane Harvey did during its long stay in the Houston area of the Texas coast in August
Who is in the path of Nate: A hurricane warning was issued from Grand Isle, Louisiana, to the Alabama-Florida border.
Closed beaches, opened shelters, water shut offs: Coastal Alabama braces for Nate
Evacuations, curfew ordered: Louisiana and Mississippi officials declared states of state of emergency and Louisiana ordered some people to evacuate coastal areas and barrier islands ahead of its expected landfall. Evacuations began at some offshore oil platforms in the Gulf.
Mississippi's government said it would open 11 evacuation shelters in areas away from the immediate coast, with buses available for people who can't drive.
New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu announced a curfew starting at 7 p.m. Saturday and lasting until Sunday morning.
Tropical Storm Nate: New Orleans sets Saturday curfew, orders some evacuations
New Orleans officials outlined steps to bolster the city's pump and drainage system. Weaknesses in that system were revealed during summer flash floods.
The Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement's New Orleans office said in a news release that as of midday Thursday, six production platforms, out of the 737 manned platforms in the Gulf, had been evacuated. No drilling rigs were evacuated, but one moveable rig was taken out of the storm's path.
The agency estimated less than 15 percent of the current oil production in the Gulf of Mexico has been shut-in, which equates to 254,607 barrels of oil per day.
The damage so far from Nate: Nicaragua's vice president and spokeswoman, Rosario Murillo, said that at least 11 people had died in that country due to the storm. Earlier Thursday she had said 15 people had died before later revising to say some of those were still counted as missing. She didn't give details on all the deaths, but said two women and a man who worked for the Health Ministry were swept away by a flooded canal in the central municipality of Juigalpa.
Costa Rica's Judicial Investigation Organism blamed seven deaths in that country on the storm and said 15 people were missing. Flooding drove 5,000 residents into emergency shelters.
In Honduras, there were three dead and three missing, according to Oscar Triminio, spokesman for the country's firefighters.
Damage caused by the storm prompted Costa Rican officials to postpone a World Cup qualifying soccer match between that country and Honduras, which had been scheduled for Friday night.
What will happen after U.S. landfall: Nate is expected to weaken as it heads into southern Appalachians, creating the risk of flash floods Sunday and Monday. The storm's remnants are expected to then head for the Mid-Atlantic and the Northeast.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A 10-day heatwave will hit in May with sunshine and warm weather expected for much of the UK.
Last weekend temperatures soared to record highs as the country baked in unseasonably warm weather.
This week temperatures have returned to the mid to low teens, which is considered average for this time of year.
However, forecasters are growing in confidence that it won't be too long before sunny skies and spring-time heat will make a comeback, according to the Weather Channel.
And the weather will be thanks to a western system moving in from the east - but it is not of the 'beast' variety this time.
According to computer models, the mercury could rise to above average again by the middle of next week.
(Image: The Weather Channel)
Hot conditions in eastern Europe are expected to arrive in the UK as early as next week, meaning a 'Beauty from the East' is bringing us a warm start to May.
This is in stark contract to the Beast from the East that brought Britain to a standstill with snow at the start of the year.
Temperatures are then set to fall back again - before a 10-day heatwave arrives in in the middle of May.
The Met Office defines a heatwave as a period when "the daily maximum temperature of more than five consecutive days exceeds the average maximum temperature by 5 °C."
Sarah Sammy, forecaster of The Weather Channel , said: "High pressure over central Europe will drift eastward and another area of high pressure will build over the North Atlantic.
"During this time, an area of low pressure in between will split, and the smaller low will stall for a while near the Bay of Biscay and pump up warmer air over the UK."
(Image: Daily Mirror)
Current forecasts indicate that temperatures over London will be between 15.5 and 19.5C on May 2, when conditions should become drier and brighter.
But she said that "as we near the time, we can narrow down that range".
But before then, the weather will to revert back towards more typical conditions for the time of year with rain forecast every day this week thanks to a wave of the Atlantic low pressure systems.
Temperatures are also expected to drop below average by midweek, with forecasters warning of the risk of snow, sleet and frost in places.
(Image: The Weather Channel)
Amy Hodgson, forecaster of The Weather Channel , said brief bursts of sunshine and April showers will be a prevalent feature across the UK over the coming days.
She told the Plymouth Herald .: "It will be breezy with temperatures around normal for the time of the year during the start of the week in the westerly wind off the Atlantic.
"However, temperatures will drop to slightly below normal from mid-week onwards in a north-westerly wind.
"There is also a risk of a scattered grass frost in sheltered places Thursday and Friday night."
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Forecasters are predicting temperatures will linger in the low teens across England and Wales.
Further north, values look set to dip into single figures at times and possibly close to freezing in parts of Scotland and northern England.
Overnight temperatures could plunge below 0C in Scotland and between 5-9C elsewhere, with risk of hard frosts developing in parts towards the end of the week.
(Image: Daily Post Wales)
Some showers may even fall as sleet, hail or snow across high grounds in Scotland, the Lake District and the North Pennines.
Dr Michael de Villiers, senior meteorologist at The Weather Channel, said: "In the UK minimum temperatures are expected to lower to around 4-6C with a risk of frost.
"However, they will be closer to freezing at around 3C in places in Scotland with the risk of brief early morning frost."
The Bolivar County Library System has added new programs to ensure a positive visit for all citizens of Bolivar County.
System Executive Director Jennifer Wann recently presented her annual to the Bolivar County Board of Supervisors.
"Our goal is to foster level reading and to encourage kids to develop the fun part of reading," said Wann.
Wann said there were over 2,236 children who participated in 120 free library programs in 2016.
"One of the things we do is help parents develop their children's early literacy skills so that kids are ready to read when they get to kindergarten," Wann said.
There are also programs and services available for adults but Wann said not all services are available at all of the library branches.
The library system is continuing to build an E-book collection and a digital music service.
One of the new features added last year was high-speed fiber optic Internet access, which is only available at Cleveland, Shelby, Rosedale and Merigold.
Wann told the supervisors they have also added genealogy databases, a learning express library and test preparation database.
Wann said no other additional services would be added anytime soon due to cuts in state funding.
In fiscal year 2017, Wann said the library has reduced its operational expenses by over $22,000.
She said due to the decrease in state funding, they have lost statewide services such as ACT test preparation courses provided by the Mississippi Library Commission and changes in the federal E-Rate program.
The Bolivar County Library System will have to make significant cuts to services in the coming fiscal year without increased local funding.
"State funding for public libraries has fallen significantly," she said. "In fiscal year 2018, we are projected to receive $33,158 from the Mississippi Library Commission's Personnel Incentive Grant Program."
Wann said that is an annual loss of $32,538 from the prior 10-year average of $65,696.
“In fairness, the many mistakes could have given that impression (that it was a step backwards), because apart from the try where we held on well to the ball, there was nothing.
“I hope this isn't a backwards step, and I'm not sure that winning takes us backwards. “And given everything we've done in the last few matches, to suggest from one match that we've gone backwards, that annoys me a bit.” Having succumbed in the final 10 minutes a week earlier despite leading for much of their 19-16 defeat to England at Twickenham, Noves was particularly pleased that his side won this match in the run-in. Tries from Stuart Hogg and Tim Swinson either side of a score by Gael Fickou had twice given Scotland the lead. Going into the final 10 minutes the scores were level at 16-16 but Camille Lopez knocked over his fourth and fifth penalties of the afternoon to earn France the victory. France made a lot of handling errors, in particular due to ambitious offloads not coming off, but Noves has no intention of altering their expansive style of play. “We don't intend changing our artillery. Once again, I'd like to point to the last quarter of an hour which this time favoured us. “We were very strong in contact, we were beaten in the rucks so we'll learn our lessons ahead of the trip to Ireland. “But it's mostly the lack of continuity in our play that dissatisfied me.” If Noves was unhappy with his team's rucking, frustrated Scotland coach Vern Cotter acknowledged that France were on top at the scrum. And he said that was why his team failed to kick on from their good starts to either half. “They obviously got the upper hand at scrum time, which gave them field position,” said the New Zealander. “We needed field position but didn't have it. We'll look at a couple of turnover balls that we didn't play effectively, but credit to the French. They played it well to the end. “The rucks were hard work, our plan didn't come off.” Scotland took away the losing bonus point and will be relatively pleased with their five point haul from their opening two games. And Cotter said his team will use this experience to motivate them ahead of their next clash against Wales in two weeks' time. “There is frustration and we'll use that frustration to kick off next week's training,” said Cotter. — AFP More from Rugby Watson back in England squad after injury
Mourinho's man behind England fitness boost
Former All Black Lauaki dies aged 35
Ireland fly-half role up for grabs, says Schmidt
Exciting city boxing prospect Alfie Baker only just missed out on a gold medal in his first national championship final at the weekend.
The 11 year-old talent from the Peterborough Police Amateur Boxing Club, which is run by his parents Chris and Vicki Baker, had won his way through to the 56kg final of the National Schoolboy Championships run by England Boxing.
There he came up against Sam Hardy from Newark ABC at the Grantham Leisure Centre on Saturday afternoon and he gave a fantastic account of himself.
But, unfortunatey, it turned out to be just not quite enough to take the title and he had to settle for the silver medal.
The bout was televised on the England Boxing's YouTube channel where viewers saw him lose the first round by a considerable margin.
Hardy forced Baker on the back foot as he let fly with crisp, long shots from all directions and the Peterborough lad just couldn't force the pace.
The second and third rounds were much closer with great combination punching coming from both lads. There was little between the two in those two rounds but what occured earlier clinched the decision in Hardy's favour.
Baker's coach and proud dad Chris said: “Alfie lost - no doubt about that - but it was only on a very close points decision. The occasion definitely got to him.
“If Alfie could have settled down in that first round and showed his aggressive power like he normally does then there's no doubt in my mind that we would have brought the gold medal home with us.
“But never mind, it's all part of the learning process. I'm so proud of this little man who has had a really tough few weeks.
“This was a great performance and I know there's much better to come from him.
“This was awesome experience at a national level and as a finalist it has to be a stepping stone to potentially box for England. “
Alfie and five other Peterborough Police ABC boxers will be in action at the international Monkstown Box Cup tournament in Ireland at the end of June.
General News of Tuesday, 24 April 2018
Source: ghananewsagency.org
First deputy speaker of Parliament, Alban Bagbin
A group of Tema East Constituency executives of the National Democratic Congress (NDC), have stated that the public imputation of dishonestly receiving double salaries on Mr Alban Bagbin will end up a leap to nowhere.
“The cantankerous arrangement in which MPs who serve concurrently as Ministers have their emoluments determined at the end of their tenure, rather than during their tenure, is a questionable practice that obviously breeds confusion.
At a news conference in Accra, the executives said, Hon. Bagbin, who had since been invited to help the Police investigate the matter, will rather come out making history as someone who was helpful to an important reform process.
“It is obvious that the decision to impugn wrongdoing on Hon. Bagbin, along with other colleagues, was inspired by propaganda, but now that the issue has become public discourse, it will afford all of us the opportunity to straighten out things,” Stephen Ashitey Adjei, one of the speakers at the news conference said.
The man, who is affectionately called Moshake, said the allegation had been trumped up with the intent to humiliate Mr Bagbin, who is a Flagbearer hopeful of the NDC, but that in itself was a blessing in disguise.
“Hon. Bagbin's huge reputation as an incorruptible man has helped many Ghanaians to see that the whole thing is propaganda indeed. Also, Hon. Bagbin's vocal stance against corruption, irrespective of government, will be activated once more because of his involvement in this issue and will help lead a campaign for the current arrangement to be improved,” Moshake said.
He urged all Bagbin supporters across the country to remain calm saying, “this propaganda will be a leap to nowhere.”
Mr. Azeez Salau, another executive member of Tema East NDC who addressed the conference said the allegation had been cooked with Hon. Bagbin as a target, and that the other former appointees cited were only “guilty by association” and urged those behind the propaganda to take time and remind themselves of the pedigree of the man they were trying to soil.
“This is Hon. Bagbin, the man who came out to affirm that Parliament was corrupt even though he himself a Parliamentarian. This is the man who fearlessly confirmed that Parliament was corrupt at a time that all Parliamentarians were breathing smoke and fire and threatening to silence dissent on the issue.”
Mr Salau said “Bagbin who came out in Koforidua to expose his own colleagues, irrespective of political divide over corruption, is the same Bagbin that is now being painted as corrupt. “This is amazing especially when you consider the fact that it is the Controller and Accountant General who pays salaries and not Bagbin.
“Look, Ghanaians know better, and we know that Hon. Alban Bagbin is the most incorruptible Legislator ever. This attempt to smear him will not wash.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An MP has warned someone could die at a jail where naked inmates high on Spice were filmed apparently "fighting like dogs ".
Ian Lavery sounded the alarm as he demanded private firm Sodexo is stripped of its contract to run HMP Northumberland following the shocking video.
The Wansbeck MP, who is also the Labour Party chairman, said: "The prison has now descended into such a state of chaos that I truly believe that before long, the government could be responsible for fatal consequences at HMP Northumberland'."
A horrific video emerged last week that allegedly showed prison inmates, high on the psychoactive drug Spice, being made to fight naked 'like dogs'.
Filmed on a smuggled mobile phone, two men could be seen stripped naked and restrained with dog leads inside a cell, reported the Teeside Gazette.
A second clip surfaced a day later that appeared to show a man writhing on the floor while loud laughter could be heard.
Northumberland Prison is a private jail which houses inmates from across the North-east and is run by facilities management firm Sodexo, not the Ministry of Justice.
Last night Mr Lavery wrote to Justice Secretary David Gauke about conditions at the jail.
He wrote: "Sodexo have completely and utterly failed in their duties as a Government contractor.
(Image: Newcastle Chronicle)
"Their failure to manage this prison now goes beyond incompetency and is now frankly dangerous.
"Unless intervention is made by the Government immediately in HMP Northumberland, unless Sodexo is stripped of their contract and this facility is brought back into Government control, I truly believe that something disastrous may happen which will be regretted by all parties involved."
Last week an HMP Northumberland spokesperson said: “Prisons are a challenging environment to manage and the safety of staff, prisoners and visitors remains a top priority.
(Image: Daily Mirror)
“The use of mobile phones and drugs is a challenge across the whole prison estate and staff at HMP Northumberland work very hard to prevent these items getting into the prison.
“We have taken appropriate action in the prison in relation to both these incidents, and notified the police.”
A Prison Service spokesperson said: “We closely monitor the work of Sodexo to ensure they meet the high standards we and the taxpayer expect.
“Overall HMP Northumberland is improving but we recognise there is still work to be done.”
A spokesperson for HMP Northumberland: “Security and the safety of our staff, prisoners and visitors remains our top priority.
"The use of mobile phones, drugs and the rise in violence and self-harm is a challenge across the whole prison estate and we have implemented a number of measures to address these challenges.
"This includes an increase in staffing levels, the recruitment of a new violence reduction manager, implementation of a new violence reduction strategy as well as a revised and strengthened drug strategy which is already starting to produce results.
"We are proud of our staff at HMP Northumberland who do a professional job and work very hard to prevent illicit items getting into the prison.”
BEIJING (AP) — China's civil aviation authority says it has fined Dubai-based airline Emirates and barred it from adding new routes in China over the next six months after two of its flights were cited for unsafe operations.
The Civil Aviation Administration of China said in a statement Wednesday that the flights occurred on April 17 and May 18 over the city of Urumqi in China's western Xinjiang region.
It said in the first instance an Emirates plane flew at the wrong height, and in the second a plane temporarily lost contact with air traffic control.
It has imposed a fine of 29,000 RMB ($4,300) on the Middle East's largest airline.
Emirates didn't immediately respond to a request for comment.
SK WWE Exclusive: Alexa Bliss' SummerSlam 2017 opponent revealed
Sasha Banks will be getting another title shot at SummerSlam.
@billibhatti by Billi Bhatti News 15 Aug 2017, 04:53 IST
Sasha Banks to take Bayley's place at SummerSlam
What's the story?
As previously revealed via our "DS Breaking News" show on "The Dirty Sheets" YouTube and iTunes channels, Sasha Banks will replace Bayley and face Alexa Bliss at SummerSlam.
Eleven days ago, we were the first ones to exclusively report that Bayley would miss SummerSlam and would be replaced by Sasha Banks, 3 days before the WWE confirmed. In addition to that, we were also the first ones to break the news that Sasha would face Nia Jaxx on Raw to determine the No.1 contender.
You can watch the YouTube video here:
In case you didn't know...
Bayley injured her shoulder on Raw two weeks ago in a match against Nia Jaxx. She was set to face Alexa Bliss at SummerSlam.
The heart of the matter
We can confirm via reliable sources that Sasha Banks is still set to replace Bayley and will face Alex Bliss at SummerSlam for the Raw Women's Championship, as we previously reported. It'll be the second PPV in a row where Bliss has defended her title against Banks.
What's next?
SummerSlam will take place this Sunday and will be broadcast live from Brooklyn for the third year in a row.
Author's Take
Bayley's injury could well be a blessing in disguise. Bayley has been faltering since she won the title and was heavily booed last week in Toronto, confirming that WWE's attempt to rebuild her in recent weeks have failed.
The former NXT star is no longer perceived as a loveable sympathetic underdog. An injury may be the perfect way for the crowd to sympathise with Bayley and get behind her again. Meanwhile, Sasha Banks could very well be the champion by the time she returns, setting up the long awaited Sasha Banks heel turn and a Bayley vs Sasha main roster program.
TOKYO (Bloomberg News/TNS) -
Wednesday, May 30, 2018 at 2:48 pm |
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un (L) embraces South Korea President Moon Jae-in after their meeting in Panmunjom, at the Korean border. (South Korea Presidential Blue House/Hankyoreh Daily/Sipa USA/TNS)
Moments after Kim Jong-un became the first North Korean leader to cross into the south last month, he persuaded his counterpart Moon Jae-in to step back with him across the border.
The message? He's not just going to roll over and give up his weapons.
That's becoming ever clearer in the run-up to Kim's planned meeting with U.S. President Donald Trump in Singapore next month. The on-again, off-again summit remains in doubt as the U.S. tries to figure out what it will take for Kim to trade away his nuclear arsenal.
Discerning the motives of Kim — a 30-something leader often lampooned in the West as an overweight madman with a funny haircut — will be key to understanding what kind of deal is possible. Judging from his public statements and state-run media, at least two things appear evident: He wants a deal to ease sanctions, but he won't give up his nuclear weapons until he feels safe enough to retain power without them.
“The word that defines Kim Jong-un's current state is anxiety — fear for both his life and the security of his leadership,” said Youngshik Bong, a researcher at Yonsei University's Institute for North Korean Studies in Seoul.
“He wants to be the leader of an ordinary country, but the justification of abandoning nuclear weapons and missiles in return for economic prosperity isn't guaranteed to be welcomed by the entire political elite,” Bong said. “Opponents will be quiet as long as there is a viable inflow of economic prosperity and a sudden improvement of living standards with the lifting of economic sanctions.”
In many ways, the world is just getting to know Kim, presumed to be the third and youngest son of former dictator Kim Jong Il. Prior to his recent outreach, some of the only insight on his personality came from former basketball player Dennis Rodman — who said last year he's “always calm, he's always smiling, especially when he's with family.”
His recent interactions with the outside world — including two meetings each with Chinese President Xi Jinping and South Korea's Moon — showed another side to the brutal dictator presumed to have killed his family members in a bid to consolidate power. He's proved to be a skillful diplomat who can use humor, humility and flattery to achieve his goals.
In March, Kim made his first trip overseas, a secretive journey by train to meet Xi in Beijing — repairing ties with North Korea's largest trading partner. Xi told Kim that China had made a “strategic choice” to have friendly ties with North Korea, and they would “remain unchanged under any circumstances.” The two leaders followed it up with another meeting in early May.
Kim's two summits with Moon have revealed even more about his personality. In April, when Kim walked into South Korea, both leaders declared “a new era of peace” and sought a formal end to the seven-decade-old Korean War.
On that day, Kim joked that Moon no longer needed to wake up in the middle of the night to deal with missile tests, and mentioned that North Korea's transportation system “is deficient and you might find it uncomfortable.” He capped the day off with an address to reporters — the first time he has ever spoken live to the world.
Last weekend, Kim abruptly requested a meeting with Moon to discuss relations with the U.S. Afterward, Moon said that Kim was worried about whether he could trust the U.S. to “guarantee the security of his regime after his denuclearization.”
The possibility of getting overthrown is a real worry for Kim. U.S. National Security Adviser John Bolton amplified those concerns by calling on him to give up his nuclear weapons before getting sanctions relief while citing the case of Libyan dictator Moammar Gadhafi, who took that approach before he was killed in an uprising.
North Korean statements vilifying Bolton and Vice President Mike Pence for referencing Libya prompted Trump last week to cancel the planned June 12 summit in Singapore. North Korea then flattered the U.S. president the next day, saying the “Trump formula” might lead to a resolution. Trump has since indicated that the meeting may proceed as scheduled.
While Kim has said he's open to “complete denuclearization,” the definition of that remains unclear. He may demand that the U.S. remove troops from the Korean Peninsula or American nuclear assets from the region. Trump, for his part, has recently shown more flexibility on how denuclearization would occur.
Kim has been worried about internal threats since he took power in 2011, purging many senior officials including his own uncle. Last year, he had his half-brother Kim Jong Nam killed with a chemical weapon at an airport in Malaysia, according to South Korean authorities, a move that removed one of his last remaining rivals for power in the bloodline.
At the same time, Kim accelerated his quest to obtain the capability to strike the U.S. with a nuclear weapon, testing three intercontinental ballistic missiles capable of reaching the American mainland. Trump responded by tightening international sanctions and threatening to unleash “fire and fury” against his regime.
Just as talk picked up in Washington about a potential “bloody nose” military strike, Kim pulled back. He declared his nuclear program complete and sought to engage with the world.
In a New Year speech, Kim promised that 2018 would be a turning point in improving for North Korea. He said that the “life-threatening sanctions and blockade” had been hard on the country's 25 million people, whose neighbors in South Korea collectively earn 46 times more than them.
North Korea wasn't always an international outcast. It was once firmly part of the Soviet bloc, with luxurious embassies in Eastern Europe and frequent interaction with the international community. The country had a per capita gross national product equal to South Korea's as late as 1976.
Yet central planning took an increasing toll on the economy, along with the collapse of the Soviet Union. A famine killed millions in the 1990s — a time when Kim was off attending school in Switzerland. The United Nations first imposed sanctions on North Korea in 2006 for its nuclear push, and has tightened them ever since.
Once in power, Kim Jong-un moved away from the doctrine of “songun,” or military first, pushed by his father. He quickly adopted a new strategy of “byongjin,” or simultaneously pursuing nuclear weapons and economic growth. He began to visit food-processing plants and farms — he was even photographed hugging people, drawing a distinction from his father.
“It is the party's firm resolution that we won't force our people to tighten their belts again,” Kim said in his first speech in April 2012.
Last month, Kim told a ruling-party meeting that North Korea would suspend further tests of atomic weapons or long-range missiles and “concentrate all efforts of the whole party and country on the socialist economic construction.” Posters would soon appear in Pyongyang exhorting the workers to “accelerate the advance of our revolution by channeling all efforts into socialist economic construction!”
“He has his nukes, now he needs economic assistance and development,” said Ralph Cossa, president of Hawaii-based Pacific Forum. “That requires the lifting of sanctions. He also seeks legitimacy, and he is getting that.”
Kim has done certain things to make himself more palatable to the global community. He's started wearing modern suits, brought his wife to public events and showed up at a South Korean pop concert in Pyongyang.
A meeting with Trump would go a long way to normalizing both himself and his regime. Besides winning some sort of sanctions relief, he would also get the legitimacy that comes from a summit with a sitting U.S. president — a photo opportunity craved by both his father and grandfather that shows North Korea is a country that commands respect from the world's most powerful nation.
“Kim Jong-un's top priority is regime survival and he views nuclear weapons as a guarantor of his regime, so he will not trade them away lightly, if at all,” said Kelsey Davenport, director for nonproliferation policy at the Arms Control Association. “With an established nuclear deterrent, Kim has little to lose and everything to gain by coming to the table now.”
A Vernon orchard has a unique way of keeping the birds away from its bumper cherry crop. (Submitted Photo)
VERNON, B.C. — You usually see them on the side of the road, wiggly arms and tube body bouncing around trying to attract people to a sale.
But a B.C. farmer has found a great use for the air dancers (or air rangers), which have protected his crop from pesky birds.
Peter's U-Pick Orchard has rescued a bumper crop in large part thanks to the fun inflatables he used to protect his cherries.
“They are working great compared to previous years where we would have flocks of birds on the early cherries now we just barely see a Jay or two in there compared to flocks of 20-40 at a time,” said owner Peter Sidorczuk.
“I got the idea from our neighbour, the Krugers, they tried one last year in their grapes and she said it is working. So I did a bit of research online and bought three of them to try this year and am impressed.
“It is a great idea.”
See related: Cherry grower hopes to avoid helicopter use
The BX orchard, which opened for the season Saturday, also used a device called bird guard to protect the early cherries. Designed in Australia, the bird guard randomly emits bird distress calls.
Combined with the air dancers, there are plenty of cherries available at the farm this year. Plus the devices have helped keep pesky birds from the Peter's peaches and apricots.
Peter's U-Pick, on Rimer Road, is open seven days a week from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m.
@VernonNews
jennifer@vernonmorningstar.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Staff reporter
Karachi
Police on Sunday sealed a seminary in Karachi's SITE area after its administrator, who has been placed on the Fourth Schedule, was found absent, according to a police document. The SITE station house officer, along with Assistant Commissioner (AC) West Dr Ghulam Muhammad and police mobiles, visited the seminary after the AC West approached the police station in connection with the sealing of Madressah Al-Kareem Islamic Academy in SITE area, read the document. “The AC West asked about the presence of Mufti Shakirullah, the seminary mohtamim (administrator), but he was not present there,” it said. Mufti Shakirullah – who police suspect of funding the Tehreek-i-Taliban Pakistan (TTP) – has been placed on the Fourth Schedule. According to Section 11EE of the Anti-Terrorism Act 1997, the Fourth Schedule is to include “any person who is an activist, office-bearer or an associate of an organisation kept under observation … or proscribed … or … affiliated with any group or organisation suspected to be involved in terrorism or sectarianism”. Being on the Fourth Schedule means the person is kept under observation and must register his attendance with local police regularly. “As per source report, Mufti Shakirullah is funding TTP and he is also on Fourth Schedule 11 EEE and he is absent,” said the document.
Related
We did well in the municipal elections, better than just about anyone expected. A front-page article in The Press talked about a “blue wave” in Ridgefield. The headline was “Democrats Dominate Election.” And the news was good in other towns across Connecticut. We had a lot to celebrate, a lot to feel good about. But there's a lot left to do. And the time to start is now.
We'll be electing 187 members of the Connecticut General Assembly next year. The House of Representatives has 151 members, and the Senate has 36. A lot of people think that both houses have comfortable Democratic majorities, but they don't. Democrats have a single-digit advantage in the House. The Senate has 18 Democrats and 18 Republicans. Some people take comfort in the notion that the lieutenant governor can break ties in the Senate and that Democrats will prevail, but that applies to tie votes on the floor. She can't break ties on every committee vote.
Some people say that party affiliation doesn't matter, but it does. It matters a lot as long as members of the legislature caucus as members of parties. It matters a lot as long as committee assignments are made on the basis of party membership.
In 2016, the people of Connecticut voted for Democratic candidates for president and vice president, for statewide offices, for the U.S Senate, and for the U.S. House of Representatives. In 2017, people across Connecticut voted for Democratic candidates for municipal offices: mayors, selectmen, members of city councils, and members of town and city boards and commissions. But somehow, while all of that was going on, Republicans actually gained seats in both houses of the Connecticut legislature. Many of them are committed to the goals of the national Republican Party. And others, by remaining silent, are allowing the party's current leaders to act in reckless ways, to reverse decades of progress on social issues, to risk our safety and the safety of our allies, to diminish the United States in the eyes of the world, and to deny basic, fundamental protections to the most vulnerable Americans.
Campaigns for the Connecticut legislature can be funded through small contributions by people like you and me. Candidates can qualify for a grant from the state by raising money and collecting signatures. The contributions for this purpose have to be between $5 and $100. You don't have to be rich to run, and you don't have to woo big donors.
It isn't enough to wring your hands. It isn't enough to yell at the television. Get involved in the process. Support candidates you believe in. Contribute a few dollars. Volunteer. This is important. And each of us can make a difference.
And don't forget to vote. When we vote we have a chance to change the world. We proved that in the blue wave last month.
The Ridgefield Democratic Town Committee provides this column. Tom Madden is the DTC's chairman.
A blanket of snow left Mid-Michigan looking like a Winter Wonderland in the middle of March.
Winter doesn't technically end until the 20th of the month, but the blast of cold isn't getting a warm reception.
"I wasn't surprised. I've been living here too long in Saginaw, in Michigan period. I'm not surprised,” Patricia Lloyd said.
Lloyd and her dog, Sparkle, spent the day outside in their snowy front yard. It's been awhile since some parts of Mid-Michigan have seen this much snow.
Even though we had a warm February, Lloyd said she knew Old Man Winter had not retired for the season yet.
"I knew there was going to be some more snow there always is,” she said.
William Regickas was optimistic we were on the smooth road to spring, though, until winter put up a detour.
"It's march now, so I mean what the heck?" Regickas said.
The fast-changing weather also made for a snowy drive for people using I-75. Multiple crashes were reported Monday morning in Genesee County.
The icy weather is creating slick conditions on the evening commute. Take caution and give yourself extra time if you're heading out.
And like the saying goes, if you don't like the weather in Michigan just wait five minutes.
To follow the forecast, click here.
Copyright 2017 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
Grace Hamilton and Michael Hooper at ANZ Stadium to launch the historic fixture.
Grace Hamilton and Michael Hooper at ANZ Stadium to launch the historic fixture.
THE WALLABIES have no plans to play a pre-Bledisloe warm-up game and will rely on an internal possibles-probables clash to prepare them for the All Blacks.
The first Bledisloe Cup clash in Sydney will be a historic evening with Rugby Australia announcing the August 18 match at ANZ Stadium will be preceded by a Wallaroos-Black Ferns Test; the first double-header on Australian soil.
But if more history is to be made this year by Australia winning the first Bledisloe Cup since 2002, the Wallabies realistically must beat the All Blacks in Sydney for the first time since 2015 and then pick up a second win in Auckland or Japan.
Playing the Kiwis first-up at ANZ Stadium as part of a RA deal with the NSW Government has proved tough going.
Last year was particularly brutal when, off a cold start, the Wallabies conceded 40 points in the first half before losing 54-34.
Contrastingly, the All Blacks tune up for the first Bledisloe Cup game in a "game of three halves" against provincial teams, and they will again play Canterbury and Otago on August 10.
Some Wallabies players and assistant coaches saying last year a warm-up game had merit but coach Michael Cheika doesn't share the belief and it's understood the Wallabies will stick with a full-contact, possibles-probables clash at training 11 days out. It is not a full game.
Wallabies captain Michael Hooper said a warm-up game against a Queensland club team pre-Lions series in 2013 was no help because they were too dominant.
"Our players ran through them relatively easily and it doesn't prepare you what you are going to face in the best team in the world," Hooper said.
Kurtley Beale passes the ball at ANZ Stadium last year.
"Can you find a team that's going to give you a really strong hitout, and be able to test your shape? I am not sure, and how you are going to fit that scheduling wise. You have guys who have already played a full season of Super Rugby, with a couple of Tests thrown in the mix there.
"The bodies are good to go. Maybe it is a bit of hard training against each other. I am not sure what the actual formula is."
Based on recent history, the formula for success is clear enough. The Wallabies have shown they have the capacity to beat New Zealand - including last-start in Brisbane - but their five wins over the All Blacks since 2007 have all come when they have played one or more games beforehand.
Asked if something different was needed given the run of losses in Sydney, Hooper pointed to 2014's 12-all draw when many Waratahs players only came in a week before. NSW won the 2014 title, after beating the Brumbies in the finals. Australia lost that series, too.
Hooper refused to be baited on the Folau issue.
The danger of relying on finals action in the current, Kiwi-dominated Super Rugby competition is a majority Australian player may not be play for month prior to the first Bledisloe Cup.
Hooper said the "ideal" situation would be as many Aussie teams playing finals for as long as possible.
After a 0-4 weekend for Aussie teams, pessimism is creeping back but Hooper said Australian rugby shouldn't drop its bundle after one bad round.
"We have to build resilience. One loss doesn't define your season, one loss doesn't mean you're a bad team," he said.
Hooper dead-batted talk of Israel Folau's recent furore, and when asked about Steve Hansen backing TJ Perenara's tweets, the Wallabies captain said: "That's what a coach does."
Hooper denied Wallabies players were scared to speak up on the Folau issue.
"I think there has been quite a bit said and a lot of people have said their part," he said.
"We are talking about getting his hamstring right. I have said my piece on that stuff. He is moving forward to get back on the field."
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A hundred years ago on Tuesday women aged over twenty-nine-and-a-quarter who owned some furniture had good reason to celebrate.
On 6th February 1918 the Representation of the People Act gave those over 30 with property the vote. And they got to use it when Britain went to the polls in December.
Constance Markiewicz became the first woman to be elected an MP. But as she represented Sinn Fein she wouldn't take her seat.
Some things never change. And many women argue they still haven't.
The equal pay battle is still to be won, and sexual harassment banished from the workplace . Which is why I support sentiments behind the #TimesUp and #MeToo campaigns.
(Image: WENN.com)
Yet elsewhere militant feminism has done women a disservice. Take attempts to ban topless Page 3 girls by Labour's Clare Short, Harriet Harman and Green leader Caroline Lucas.
They claimed it demeaned women. Yet when Colin Firth, Daniel Craig and that geezer from Poldark displayed their nipples on screen no one suggested it diminished men.
(Image: PA)
I never met a glamour model doing this kind of work who felt exploited by it.
They had a couple of assets to capitalise on much as premiership footballers make a mint out of a pair of legs. And their career lifespans were similar.
To hound them out of work was a restraint on trade, and it is an odd sort of sisterhood that would deny women employment.
Page 3 is now in the dustbin of history, not because campaigners won but because the public appetite for it was lost.
Formula One grid girls , and walk-ons used by the Professional Darts Corporation are the latest victims of this nonsense. No longer escorting players to the stage will cost them dearly.
(Image: Getty)
Charlotte Wood said she'd lose 60 per cent of her income adding: “My rights are being taken away.” I'm with you Charlie. It's sex discrimination.
Women battled for 164 years to legalise abortion. It gave them the control they were demanding over their own bodies.
And if that principle is accepted then they must also have the right to show those bodies off if they freely choose to do so.
NELSON'S i
Tory MP Chris Heaton-Harris tweets: “I simply can't believe I've been nominated for this year's Scepticism Award.”
CRACKING THE WHIP
David Davis will tomorrow reject EU chief negotiator Michel Barnier's conditions for Brexit transition.
Good luck with that, mate. Barnier's demand we obey EU rules by paying to stay in the single market and accepting free movement during the 20 month handover is reasonable.
(Image: PA)
It's like drinking in the same pub for 46 years then deciding to booze elsewhere. We have to pay our £39billion bar tab before we go.
A transition period to settle into another pub is kindly offered, and the landlord even says we can leave our car in his car park during it if it's out the way of other customers.
Generous, I'd say.
Hats off to Colonol Bob's cops
(Image: PA)
Tory MP Bob Stewart - known to all as Colonel Bob - walked past two policemen in the Commons on Wednesday grunting: “All coppers are slapheads.” Even for the hero of Bosnia this seemed rash as they were both touting machine guns at the time. The policemen took it in good part and to show Bob spoke no less than the truth raised their caps to reveal two bald heads.
Zip-a-dee hoo-ha in the Lords
(Image: Daily Mirror)
Peers got themselves into a tizzy over plans for zipwires for holidaymakers over the Lake District's Thirlmere Reservoir. While the Lords complained of ruining natural beauty veteran Tory and former pilot Norman Tebbit had other concerns. He said: “The Government's first obligation is defence. It would be highly dangerous for aircrews flying at low level.” Dodgy, too, for zipwiring enthusiasts.
Space for Arthur Scargill to fight in
You don't hear much from ex-NUM leader Arthur Scargill these days, but then he is 80.
And I do miss the wonderful impressions he used to do for me of Margaret Thatcher.
Now Science minister Sam Gyimah is backing plans to mine asteroids in space. That could give Arthur a fresh lease of life.
And a whole new meaning to flying pickets.
Whip makes a hash over food for poor
Labour peers were aghast when Tory chief whip Lord Taylor stood in for Aid minister Lord Bates who resigned then unresigned. On food banks Taylor said: “Good eating is often in the control of people who buy the food.” Out of touch, or what?
Turning to the new US administration — under new US president Donald Trump — Anderson asked Guterres if he felt “concerned” whether the “‘America First' pitch” is compatible with the “core values” of the UN. Guterres replied “the UN needs to engage constructively with the US administration, as with any other administration in the world. The US is a key partner in global affairs and it would be a mistake to undermine this relationship based on any kind on precedence. There is no precedence. Let's take things for its face value and let's do everything possible to make this relationship a constructive relationship”.
The USGA and R&A also will no longer respond to most TV viewers' calls during the tournament.
Players no longer will be penalized two shots for an incorrect scorecard if they were not aware of a rules violation when they signed their card.
Rescinding the scorecard penalty, famously applied to Lexi Thompson at the LPGA Tour's first major last April, is part of a broader standard for using video.
Thompson had a three-shot lead in the final round of the ANA Inspiration when a TV viewer noticed she had improperly replaced her golf ball on the green during the third round. She was penalized two shots for the infraction. Because that would have made her score two shots higher, she received an additional two-shot penalty for the scorecard error.
That became a four-shot penalty in the final hour of the tournament. Thompson rallied, but eventually lost to So Yeon Ryu in the first hole of a playoff.
Leaders from all major tours and organizations began meeting later that month.
The USGA and R&A are leading a group of top officials who are modernizing the Rules of Golf. The proposal currently is under public review and expected to be effective in 2019. The two-shot scorecard error would have been eliminated under the proposed rules.
The USGA and R&A also said only video from the telecast — not smart phones or other video from fans — can be used as evidence of a violation. It also said it would make it tougher for fans to call in if they think they see a violation on TV.
The change also means each tournament will assign one or more officials to monitor the video broadcast and help identify any violations or rules issues that might arise.
The PGA Tour has done this from time to time, but found that it often loses the use of a rules official on the course as he sits in a room watching TV for a violation that is rare over the course of the year.
According to the video review protocol for tournaments on TV, officials will not monitor or review any calls from views at home. That doesn't eliminate TV viewers from noticing violations — such as the incorrect drop by Tiger Woods at the 2013 Masters — but tournament officials will not have a method for fans to call, email or text.
In the case of the Masters, the viewer was a former rules expert who knew who to call at the course.
A Mickey Mantle baseball card in mint condition sold for a near record $2.88 million at auction, falling short of the record $3.12 million paid for a Honus Wagner card known as the "Jumbo Wagner" in 2016.
The card was sold to an unidentified buyer by former all-pro NFL lineman Evan Mathis and auctioned by Heritage Auctions in Dallas. Bidding closed Thursday night. Mathis has said he sold the card so he could buy a new home in Tennessee for his wife and daughters to be closer to their family.
Before the sale, Heritage Auctions predicted the card could fetch as much as $3.5 million. The card is graded by the Professional Sports Authenticator as a Mint 9. (A PSA Gem Mint 10 card is a virtually perfect card.)
Mantle's popularity among collectors remains immense. A 1951 Bowman Mantle card in mint condition sold for $750,000 during the same auction, Heritage said.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
Mantle played for the New York Yankees from 1951 to 1968, won seven World Series, was a three-time American League MVP, won the American League triple crown in 1956 and hit 536 home runs in his career, leading the league in homers four seasons.
He and Yankee teammate Roger Maris dominated baseball headlines in 1961 as they chased Babe Ruth's record of 60 home runs in a season. (Maris hit 61 that year.)
Kids idolized Mantle. It wasn't until much later that many learned of his troubled private life.
Mantle had a home in Dallas where he died in 1995 after a short battle with cancer.
When Andy Muschietti's It hit theaters, it took the world by storm. Pennywise's big screen outing was well-received by critics and audiences alike, and the overwhelming success didn't stop there. It became a financial hit, earning over $500 million and breaking several box office records in the process.
Now, the popular #horror tale has become responsible of breaking yet another record, but it's one pretty much no one could have expected: becoming the longest Burger King commercial in history. Nope, that wasn't a typo.
'It' Has Become A Long PSA About Not Trusting Clowns (Seriously)
The situation is as weird and hilarious as it sounds, so allow me to give you some backstory. The movie hit theaters in early September around the world, but it premiered three weeks later in Germany. Prior to the movie being released there, a group of people were invited to a pre-premiere. But this wasn't your usual screening. It was actually a long commercial for Burger King and a fun smear campaign against McDonald's and its mascot, Ronald McDonald.
The film was shown in its entirety, but prior to the credits rolling on screen, a seal from Burger King appeared, telling people: "The Moral Is: Never Trust A Clown." The fast food company released the video on its official YouTube channel, so you can check out what went on for yourself:
Yikes, that message will probably not sit well with the World Clown Association. Often to hype up the release of a horror film, studios will film a test audience's terrified reactions to the film as they watch. I loved the fact that this video flipped that form of advertising on its head. Yes, the footage included scared reactions and occasional nervous jumps, but it ended on a comedic note, as most of the unsuspecting moviegoers looked at each other, completely confused by the message at the end.
Now, as hilarious as the screening was, there's a deeper dig meant with the joke. Back in September, the Russian Burger King brand tried to have It banned in Russia. The reason? The company felt that #Pennywise was too similar to Ronald McDonald, and the film served as advertising for McDonald's as a result.
[Credit: Warner Bros.]
Taking that frankly bizarre lawsuit into account, the hijacking of this It's screening could be considered another attempt on Burger King's part to badmouth its biggest rival. On a side note, I don't think anyone could have imagined that they'd be filing their complaint by turning the film into their own commercial.
If you want to be scared by a demonic clown (without any PSA's by a fast food company), #AndyMuschietti's It is currently in theaters.
What did you think about Burger King transforming It into an elaborate commercial for its food? Do you prefer Burger King or McDonald's? Let me know in the comments!
Rawalpindi
Four members of a family were injured due to a blast caused by gas leakage inside a house in Gulzar-e-Quaid.
According to Rescue 1122, the blast occurred at about 2:00 PM, when someone of the family members tried to light a stove in Gulbahar colony in Gulza-e-Quaid.
The rescue team reached at the spot and shifted the injured identified as Aqsa (22), Asif (26), Ahmed (05) and a child hafeez of 1.5 years old to Holy Family Hospital (HFH) where their condition was stated to be stable.—APP
LONDON, Ont. — Police in London, Ont., say a suspect has been arrested and charged in connection with the death of a 27-year-old man last Saturday.
Police were called to the scene of an "altercation" at about 2:30 a.m. and found Dereck Szaflarski suffering serious injuries. He was pronounced dead in hospital.
The suspect fled the scene in a white vehicle, which was later recovered north of the city and returned to London for examination.
A second-degree murder warrant was subsequently issued for 35-year-old Robert Ashley Williams of London.
"This was like a Game 7," Crowder said. "I've been in a Game 7, and this was like the physicality of a Game 7."
"We know it's going to be another war next game," Rubio said. "We have to be tough and be mentally ready for that. We have to be ready for a fight and respond."
Can Oklahoma City put up a better fight on the court Wednesday in Game 5? The Thunder has now been run off the court for nine quarters, dating back to its collapse at the end of Game 2, and shows no signs of solving Utah's swarming defence — as well as continually leaving shooters open for 3s.
"We've got to win," Anthony said. "There's nothing to it. We've just got to win. We can sit here and say what we have to do, or what we did do or didn't do, but it comes down to winning that game on Wednesday."
That will be easier said than done for a Thunder team that looks lost. Anthony was dreadful in Game 4, finishing with 11 points on 5-for-18 shooting. Paul George had 32 points, but he went just 2 for 9 from 3-point range. Westbrook spent much of the game playing out of control and trying to do too much — hence the foul trouble.
But perhaps the most damning thought of the night came from Isaiah Thomas on NBA TV after Westbrook, Anthony and George finished their postgame news conference.
"In listening to them talk, I sense that they don't seem to understand why they're losing," Thomas said. "And, strategically, they haven't figured out a way how to attack Utah and how they can win the basketball game."
The Thunder needs to figure that out in a hurry. If it doesn't, its season could end Wednesday. And, if it is the end, George could be headed elsewhere as a free agent this summer, and this grand experiment could wind up being a blip instead of the start of another title-contending run in Oklahoma City.
Patience is a virtue. Which is probably why I've never had much of it. When I plant something I want it to produce results and quickly.
The trouble is that this is very rarely the way things work in nature. As a general rule the quicker the thing grows the less tasty it is, the less attractive it is and the more difficult it is to manage once it has got itself established.
So I try and discipline myself to plant things that might take a bit of time to get established but will pay off in the end. Sometimes this works a treat. Like with my mulberry tree.
I've had it now for five years and planted a reasonably large sapling but this is a tree that needs time and respect so I was fortunate to get a crop off it last year. It was less fortunate that the crop consisted of only three mulberries but at least I know the tree will produce fruit eventually. And I've also learned to leave the fruits on the branches until they are very nearly black.
When the berries first emerge all you see is a peculiar misshaped thing that looks like it is trying to become a blackberry. Gradually the fruit seems to swell and I discovered it had developed into a rather attractive red berry. I tried eating the first one and it was insipid and uninteresting in the extreme. So I left the next one much longer and got rewarded by a fantastic full flavoured fruit that augured well for the future. I hoped to save the third and most magnificent specimen to help explain to my wife why it'd been worth all the waiting. But a hungry bird got to it before I did and she remains sceptical.
Five years waiting for one quick taste sensation is not everyone's idea of success but trust me this tree is worth it. The shape of the branches and the colour and texture of the bark are about as classy as you can get. Even when young it has a gnarled and weathered look to it that suggests it belongs in an English cottage garden. It looks like it intends to hang around for a very long time and establish a presence, which is what I hoped would happen with my walnut tree. I wasn't daft enough to put that in my front garden as I have seen the final result of centuries of growth, but I did think I might get away with it on the allotment.
I inherited a couple of old apple and plum trees and I thought that if I planted a small walnut sapling then it could grow up into a mighty tree and gradually replace them. Which worked fine until I discovered how tasty the sapling I had planted was to the local deer which nibbled it so badly that the only thing surviving was a bare dead twig and some of the roots.
I now have the sorry remnants surrounded by deer proof fencing, behind which are a few sprigs have started to emerge from the ground. All of which means that I now need to wait even longer for any grand result.
Zidane frustrated by Ronaldo's 'harsh' red card against Barça
Real Madrid head coach Zinedine Zidane said Cristiano Ronaldo's late red card in the Supercopa de Espana against Barcelona was harsh.
by Omnisport News 14 Aug 2017, 05:32 IST
A dismayed Cristiano Ronaldo after being sent off against Barcelona
Zinedine Zidane was left annoyed by Cristiano Ronaldo's dismissal in the Supercopa de Espana victory at Barcelona, insisting the red card was harsh on the Real Madrid star.
Ronaldo produced a memorable cameo as Madrid defeated arch-rivals Barça 3-1 in the first leg of the Supercopa on Sunday.
The four-time Ballon d'Or winner came off the bench and scored Madrid's second goal with 10 minutes remaining at Camp Nou before being booked for taking off his shirt in celebration.
Ronaldo was then shown a second yellow card for diving after going to ground under pressure from Samuel Umtiti two minutes later, much to the frustration of Madrid head coach Zidane.
"As always, I'm not going to get involved in discussing the work of the referee," the Frenchman told reporters.
"We played a great game, but what annoyed me was Cristiano Ronaldo's dismissal. Maybe there's no penalty, but to show a card [for alleged diving] was a little harsh.
"However, we cannot change that, even if we'll try to have him available for Wednesday."
Madrid drew first blood away from home when Gerard Pique turned the ball into his own net five minutes into the second half.
Lionel Messi restored parity 13 minutes from the end via the penalty spot, before Ronaldo and fellow substitute Marco Asensio put Madrid in a commanding position heading into Wednesday's return leg at the Santiago Bernabeu.
"With 10 men we fought and we believed in the victory right to the end," Zidane said. "This, though, was only one game and now there is the return leg.
"We are happy with the result, but the tie is not decided and we have to play on Wednesday. We'll enjoy tonight and then from tomorrow we'll start working towards Wednesday."
Zidane was particularly complimentary about star attacker Isco and goalscorer Asensio.
On Isco, Zidane said: "When he signed for Real Madrid I was close to the team and I saw him training and he needed time and to play regularly. It doesn't surprise me that he's making a difference, he makes the team play and it's difficult to get the ball off him.
"I'm glad for him because he's growing. We must continue like this. We've only just started."
"Asensio doesn't surprise me," Zidane added. "What he does is phenomenal. He's fast and strikes the ball very well.
"We're happy with him and with everyone. It's not easy to come on like that for 15 minutes. He came on and was quickly in to the match and made the difference. Isco, [Mateo] Kovacic and everyone else had a great game. We must emphasise the team performance."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Marks and Spencer customer was stunned after discovering an enormous parcel 'hidden' under her doormat by a delivery driver.
Mum Lucy Cowell was left in hysterics after finding the large package outside her house in Stevenage, Hertfordshire, earlier this year.
And the Yodel driver had even posted a note through the door explaining where the package had been left... just in case she missed it.
The fragile parcel - which contained a bouquet of flowers - was a surprise from Lucy's pal "to apologise" for spilling wine over her walls at a house party.
Marks and Spencer had sent a message earlier in the day to say the package was in a 'safe place' after it was sent out for delivery with Yodel.
(Image: Caters)
It was first discovered by Lucy's 57-year-old husband, Richard, when he returned home from work.
In an amusing photo, the parcel can be seen sitting on the ground, next to the couple's front door, with the doormat carefully placed on top of it.
Lucy said she found the delivery driver's actions hilarious and has since shared snaps online.
"I couldn't believe it when I saw the photo of my doormat on top of the package," she said.
"My husband, Richard, had seen the peculiar item outside our house when he came home from work. I have experienced bad deliveries in the past but nothing like this.
"I don't understand why the doormat was on top of the box. My friend had sent me a bouquet of flowers to apologise for spilling wine over my walls at a house party.
(Image: Caters)
"We've had a few laughs over it since and I'm only sharing it now to make a few more people smile."
Lucy, who lives in a busy neighbourhood, recalled other 'bad' experiences with deliveries.
Lucy, who lives in a busy neighbour, recalled other 'bad' experiences with delivery drivers, although she did not specify the companies they worked for.
She added: "The incident that happened in May was probably the funniest but I have been almost hit over the head by a package that was thrown over our back gate.
"We've had a bike delivered that was blocking the entrance of the door and we often have to search for our deliveries in the most bizarre places to find them."
(Image: Caters)
She said: "On the note posted through my letterbox it stated that the parcel was under my mat.
"It was so funny and even looking back at the photo now makes laugh."
A spokesperson for Yodel said: "We were asked to leave the bouquet in a safe location if nobody was home and our driver left the mat on top to protect the box in case it rained.
"We didn't have any contact from Lucy about the delivery and hope that she enjoyed her flowers.
"Our driver understands that the parcel could have been better camouflaged, for which we apologise, and now leaves Lucy's deliveries in a more discreet location."
We know that sweating is a good sign when visiting the gym – it cools the body and flushes out the pores.
The more you sweat, the more capable your body is of expelling heat, and the more likely you are in shape.
However, according to a new study, any tattoos covering your muscles might get in the way of those sweat streams.
Researchers took 10 young men with tattoos on one half of their upper bodies and hooked sensors up to them, and made them sweat. The team found that found the tattooed skin sweated about half as much but was twice as salty.
This occurs because “after getting stabbed with an inked needle thousands of times, the body reacts by sending cells to the area to protect and heal the wound. There, the skin, cells, and sweat glands encounter the ink, absorbing some of it,” The New York Times explains.
While your body can make up for it by sweating more elsewhere, it's the first study that looks into the effects of tattoos on sweat glands which could impact the many athletes who heavily ink themselves.
NOW READ
Sushant Singh Rajput's tattoo showcases his sensitive side
How to get a full tattoo sleeve
The only workout you need to get that sculpted chest
> More on Fitness
This article originally appeared on gq.com.au
NAMI-Western Mass golf tournament
AGAWAM - National Alliance on Mental Illness of Western Massachusetts will hold its first annual golf tournament to be held on Saturday, Aug. 19 at the Westover Golf Course, 181 South St., Granby. Along with the tournament there will be raffles, a hole-in-one prize and a steak luncheon. This fundraiser is intended to provide NAMI-Western Massachusetts with the means to continue it's programs of education, advocacy and support. Cost is $100 per person or $400 per team. To register visit www.namiwm.org to download registration form.
Holyoke Medical Center receives award for innovative use of technology
HOLYOKE - Holyoke Medical Center will receive the prestigious 2017 CIO 100 Award for a project that has reduced emergency Department visits by behavioral health patients by 25 percent, while providing real time treatment, care navigation and referral for follow-up, utilizing advanced technology. HMC is one of 100 organizations being recognized for their innovative use of technology to drive business value by CIO, an executive-level tech media brand providing insight into business technology leadership. HMC will be celebrated along with other award recipients during a gala awards dinner and ceremony at the CIO 100 Symposium Aug. 14-16 at The Broadmoor in Colorado Springs, CO. HMC launched this project in Dec. of 2015, using QPID Health Software technology in collaboration with their electronic medical records system, Meditech to help identify, screen, assess, track and appropriately navigate medical patients who presented with a secondary behavioral health diagnosis in the Emergency Department.
Blood donation opportunities
SPRINGFIELD - The American Red Cross urges blood donors to give in the final weeks of summer to help overcome a chronic summer blood shortage. As a special thank you, those who come out to give blood or platelets with the Red cross now through Aug. 31 will be emailed a $5 Target eGiftCard. Appointments can be scheduled by downloading the free Red Cross Blood Donor App, visiting redcrossblood.org or call 800-733-2767. To help reduce wait times, donors are encouraged to make appointments and complete the RapidPass online health history questionaire at redcrossblood.org/RapidPass.
All blood types are needed to ensure a reliable supply for patients. A blood donor card or driver's license or two other forms of identification are required at check-in. Individuals who are 17 years of age in most states (16 with parental consent where allowed by state law), weigh at least 110 pounds and are in generally good health may be eligible to donate blood. High school students and other donors 18 years of age and younger also have to meet certain height and weight requirements.
Upcoming blood opportunities for Aug. 15 to 31.
Berkshire County:
Great Barrington, Aug. 31, 2 to 7 p.m., Berkshire South, 15 Crissey Road; Lanesboro, Aug. 26, 9 a.m. to 3 p.m., Berkshire Mall, Old State Road; North Adams, Aug. 24, noon to 5 p.m., Berkshire Family and Individual Resources, 771 South Church St.; Pittsfield, Aug. 21, 1 to 6 p.m., St. Joseph's Church, 414 North St; Aug. 28, 10 a.m. to 3 p.m., Pittsfield Library Athenaeum, 1 Wendell Ave.
Franklin County:
Greenfield, Aug. 24, 2 to 7 p.m., and Aug. 25. 9 a.m. to 2 p.m., Corporate Center, 101 Munson St.; Orange, Aug. 23, 1 to 6 p.m., Athol Orange Elks, 92 New Athol Road.
Hampden County:
Agawam, Aug. 15, 1:30 to 7:30 p.m., Agawam Senior Center, 954 Main St.; Aug. 30, 2 p.m. to 7 p.m., Bethany Assembly of God, 580 Main St.; Chicopee, Aug. 22, noon to 6 p.m., Moose Family Center, 244 Fuller Road; Aug. 25, 11 a.m. to 4 p.m., Stop & Shop, 672 Memorial Drive; East Longmeadow, Aug. 23, 1 to 6 p.m., Bluebird Estates, 1 Apple Blossom Lane; Hampden, Aug. 29, 1 to 6 p.m. Bethlehem Church, 123 Allen St.; Holland, Aug. 20, noon to 5 p.m., Holland Community/bus, 40 Brimfield Road; Holyoke, Aug. 30, 10:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m., Holyoke Public Library. 250 Chestnut St.; Longmeadow, Aug. 28, 11 a.m. to 4:30 p.m., Storrs Public Library, 693 Longmeadow St.; Springfield, Aug. 15-16, 1:15 to 6:30 p.m., Springfield Blood Donation Center, 150 Brookdale Drive; Aug. 16, 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. TD Bank, 1441 Main St.; Aug. 17, 9 a.m. to 2 p.m., Tower Square, 1500 Main St.; Aug. 18, 8:45 a.m. to 2 p.m., Springfield Blood Donation Center; Aug. 19 and 20, 8:30 a.m. to 2 p.m., Springfield Blood Donation Center, 150 Brookdale Drive; Aug. 21, 1 to 6:30 p.m., Springfield Blood Donation Center, 150 Brookdale Drive; Aug. 22 to 24, 1:15 to 6:30 p.m., Springfield Blood Donation Center, 150 Brookdale Drive; Aug. 25, 8:45 a.m. to 2 p.m., Springfield Blood Donation Center; Aug. 26 and 27, 8:30 a.m. to 2 p.m. Springfield Blood Donation Center; Aug. 28, 1 p.m. to 6:30 p.m., Springfield Blood Donation Center; Aug. 29-30, 1:15 to 6:30 p.m., Springfield Blood Donation Center; Aug. 30, 11:30 to 4:30 p.m., VA Outpatient Clinic, 25 Bond St.; Aug. 31, 1:15 to 6:30 p.m., Springfield Blood Donation Center, 150 Brookdale Drive; Three Rivers, Aug. 21, 11 a.m. to 4 p.m., Three Rivers AmVets, 2150 Main St.; Westfield, Aug. 30, 10 a.m. to 4 p.m., Western Massachusetts Hospital, 91 East Mountain Road.
Hampshire County: Amherst, Aug. 22, 10 a.m. to 3 p.m., University of Massachusetts Student Union, 41 Campus Center Way; Hadley, Aug. 19, 9 a.m. to 2 p.m., Central Rock Gym Bus, 165 Russell St.; Leeds, Aug. 29, 11 a..m. to 4 p.m., Linda Manor, 349 Haydenville Road; Northampton, Aug. 31, noon to 5 p.m., Cooley Dickinson Hospital, 30 Locust St.; South Hadley, Aug. 21, noon to 6 p.m. South Hadley Public Library, 2 Canal St.
Alzheimers Association fundraiser
ENFIELD, CONN. - The coladas are frozen, the theme is set. There will be a picnic to raise awareness and funds for The Alzheimers Association, on Thursday, Aug. 24 at the Parkway Pavilion, 1157 Enfield St., from 5 to 8 p.m. Cost is $10 per adult, $5 children 12 years and under. There will be food, raffles, entertainment and more. The public is welcome to attend and are encouraged to dress-up Hawaiian style.
Holyoke Community College Emergency Medical Technician course
HOLYOKE - Anyone seeking certification as and Emergency medical Technician (EMT) should apply now for the fall semester program at Holyoke Community College. The next HCC EMT Training program begins Sept. 12 and runs through Dec. 7. The program consists of 170 plus hours of in-class lectures and additional online study, training, field trips and emergency simulation workshops designed to prepare students for the state certification exam. The majority of the training takes place on Tuesdays and Thursdays from 6 to 10 p.m. at HCC's new, state-of-the-art Center for Health Education, home to the college's nursing and radiologic technology programs. For more information or to register, contact Ken White at 413-552-2324 or email kwhite@hcc.edu or go online at www.hcc.edu/workforce.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
For years, the ‘big four' supermarkets dominated when it came to people's shopping preferences, but as more and more people look to save money, the smaller budget supermarkets are rising in popularity.
The popularity of German supermarket Aldi has sky-rocketed in recent years, but the slightly less talked about Lidl is not far behind.
Latest figures - for the three months up to the end of January 2018 - show Lidl has retained its title of the UK's fastest growing retailer.
In 2017, it was named Britain's seventh biggest supermarket by market share, overtaking Waitrose.
There are now more than 690 Lidl stores in the UK since the first one opened here in 1994.
In light of this, our colleagues at Birmingham Live have compiled this handy list of 17 reasons why we should all give Lidl a try.
1) Stores are relatively small
Many of the big supermarket retailers have vast superstores where you need a huge trolley as you traipse up and down the aisles looking for what you want - and being tempted by things you didn't really need.
But not Lidl. Their stores are relatively small - between 14,000 and 26,500 sq ft whereas Tesco has dozens of sites larger than 80,000 sq ft.
This has the advantage of cutting the time you spend in there as well as the amount you spend. Double win!
After all, who wants to spend hours on a major expedition in a supermarket? On the downside, smaller stores tends to mean smaller car parks, but we've never heard complaints about parking problems.
2) Every store has a bakery
(Image: David Bentley)
In January 2012, Lidl launched in-store bakeries at its supermarkets across Europe. The breads and pastries are displayed at the front in baskets for you to pick up (use the tongs!) and put in a bag.
There's no bakery in an Aldi store and so this move by Lidl is a welcome distraction from the preconceived notion of budget stores being little more than warehouses shipping in crates of cheap goods.
We saw croissants for 35p, rolls for 15p, apple turnovers for 59p, scones for 29p and white bloomer loaves for £1.
3) They don't do hand-held baskets any more
Most supermarkets offer the option of a full-size trolley for your weekly shop or a basket if you're just doing a quick top-up shop.
Lidl does have regular trolleys - but the only other option now is large 'trolley baskets' that have wheels and handles so you can trundle around the store like you do with a suitcase at the airport.
It definitely stops your arms aching from trying to carry a full basket but these pull-along baskets are large and deep so it looks like it's also a crafty way of getting you to spend more money. Stick to your shopping list!
4) Prices can be amazingly cheap
Around 90 per cent of the products at Lidl are own-label brands specifically made for the company.
That means Lidl can control manufacturing costs and cut out supply costs, so it can charge less and still make more profit than it does on big-name brands.
For instance, we found W5 dishwasher tablets priced at just £2.95 for a pack of 60 - and they had been reduced to just £1.99 in one recent discount event. That compares to £7 for 60 tablets in Tesco's own brand and £7 for 60 tablets made by Finish.
But you will still find some well-known makes on the shelves and Lidl has actually seen the fastest growth in sales of these branded goods - thanks in part to special deals such as January's first ever Big 99p event that saw major brands like Walkers, Cadbury, Uncle Ben's, Heinz and HP on offer at that price.
It looks like Lidl is shifting its focus a little to appear more upmarket, while still keeping its original aim to be a discount store.
5) The own-label brands have won awards
Annual taste test awards organised by The Grocer compare big makes with own-brand products from Lidl and other supermarkets.
The 2017 awards for Lidl brands went to such items as pulled pork, slow-cooked lamb, piri piri chicken, cheeses, fishcakes, truffles, cookies, apple juice, smoked salmon and popcorn.
So food labels with brands you've never heard of don't necessarily mean inedible rubbish destined for your bin.
Awards also went to products from The Co-Op, Aldi, M&S, Morrisons, Asda , Iceland and Tesco and it's clear that all the supermarkets are upping their game with own-label products, which are no longer just inferior imitations.
If the taste is good and the price is less, it's got to be worth a try.
6) Products are displayed in the original boxes
Most of the goods at Lidl are displayed in the boxes they arrived in. That means it's easier to restock and doesn't need as much manpower to transfer items on to shelving.
Okay, so the downside is that this does make stores look pretty basic and a bit like a warehouse at times. Depends if you want your weekly shop to be a visually dazzling experience or are happy to grab what you want and move on to the next item on to your list.
7) But beware the labelling
Just like Aldi, some Lidl price labels are on the shelf above, not directly beneath the product as in most supermarkets.
So don't get caught out. It's not always immediately obvious what price is for what item, especially in a section where the same kind of product is being displayed.
In the picture here, you can see wholemeal bread but it is not priced at 45p despite the price label next to it. The price for this bread is actually 79p and that is displayed high above.
8) It's top for fresh flowers
Lidl was named Fresh Flower Retailer of the Year in the Retail Industry Awards 2017.
While the selection will depend on the size of the store, there are great-value flowers to be found here. The Valentine's Day roses are a good example. And there are lots of pot plants too.
Like the in-store bakery, this is another indication of Lidl providing something a little more upmarket to rival the offerings of the big grocery firms.
9) There are loads of limited offers
Aldi has its infamously tempting Special Buys aisles and at Lidl there are lots of equivalent sections marked While Stocks Last, usually with an orange label.
You'll find clothes, shoes, kitchen gadgets, fitness equipment, and tons more, all with limited availability and in many ways similar to the Aldi offering.
The Vileda robotic duster (£19.99) caught our eye and would appeal to those who want to slouch on the couch while a machine goes up and down the room doing the housework.
10) And they include deals on food too
Aldi's Special Buys does include a few food items - we've occasionally spotted jars of cooking sauces - but it's mostly clothes and homeware.
Lidl, however, has loads of food items in its While Stocks Last sections, including cheese, gammon, smoked salmon, fruit juice, pasta and sausages when we were last there.
These offers tend to be mostly on aisles at the far end of the store but it might be worth looking there first to see if anything on your list can be found at a knockdown price.
For instance, we had picked up some cleaning products from the regular displays only to find even cheaper versions in these special offer sections, so we had to go and put the others back.
11) The meat is in special glass cabinets
You don't have to do too much foraging for meat in the chilled sections around the edge of the store.
Most of the meat is displayed in free-standing glass cabinets, with red meat on one side, white meat on the other.
It's all very neat and makes it a bit easier to identify what you want than in some other stores.
12) You can get more luxury items
If you want to pretend you're in M&S or Waitrose for a second and add some fancier foods to your trolley, then treat yourself to something from the Deluxe range like these chicken, wild mushroom and tarragon pies.
The regular chicken pies sound just as nice and it would be interesting to see how different the Deluxe products really tasted. Hopefully it's not just posh packaging you're paying for. Have you done a comparison? If so, let us know.
13) And there are health foods too
Alternative/health foods do exist in Lidl stores but they are not plentiful or obvious. There's no dedicated 'Free From' section so you have to hunt around as you shop.
We found a small display of soya drink. The cartons are priced 59p, the same as the version at Aldi (who also offer almond drinks too).
At one time, budget-priced soya milks were watery and horrible but these days they are perfectly okay and even Tesco does an Everyday Value soya at the same price of 59p.
For the vegetarians, there's an exclusive meat-free range including cauliflower burgers.
We also found some smoothie kits in the freezers, packed with portions of superfoods such as goji berries and flax seeds to give you energy and vitality.
14) Breakfast is cheap as well
The hectic pace of modern life often means grabbing a quick breakfast - or at least one that can be made easily.
Porridge pots are one great option - just add hot water and you're good to go. Aldi has the Harvest Morn pots for just 35p in original and golden syrup versions, while at Lidl we found the Oatlicious brand at 39p in the same flavours PLUS an apple and blueberry variety costing a bit more at 45p.
To save more money get the boxes containing packets of oats in handy meal portions (89p for Lidl's box of 8 sachets in apple and blueberry flavour, compared with Tesco's box of 10 sachets for £1), though you'll also need milk and a microwave.
Best value of all (but not as convenient as pots or sachets) is a box of loose oats, costing £1.49 for 750g. You just need to pour out your own measures each day. For comparison, a box of oat sachets from Lidl weighs 288g.
Whichever you go for, it's very good value. Quaker's Oat So Simple porridge pots at other supermarkets cost £1, and the M&S variation is about the same price or a bit more. So you're making a big saving.
15) Toiletries might seem limited
Another similarity to Aldi is the small section of toiletries, at the end of one side of an aisle. Don't expect anything special here.
But it seems perfectly adequate for everyday needs, with toothpaste, toothbrushes, shower gel, deodorant and other bathroom requirements.
16) But there are some amazing bargains to be found
We did spot some real bargains in the toiletries section. Replacement razor blades can be pricey but we saw packs by Cien (a Lidl own-brand) containing a razor and 25 blades for just £3.69.
Supplements are also pretty cheap if you are a vitamin enthusiast. Made by Minavit, most were 99p, with some at 75p and a few (omega 3, chewable vitamin C) at £1.29, along with glucosamine at £1.99.
Aldi has a comparable range made by Activ-Max. These can be a far cheaper option than at dedicated health shops.
17) There's even an online photo service
(Image: Lidl)
Lidl didn't just branch out into having its own bakery. It launched Lidl Movies in 2009 and it became the cheapest online DVD rental service but sadly that went into liquidation two years later.
Another sideline is the online photo service launched in August 2013. Lidl Photos offers prints, photo albums and can even put your pictures on to mugs, cushions, T-shirts and shower curtains.
A version of this article originally appeared on Birmingham Live .
SOUTH WHITLEY, Ind. (WOWO) – The family of a South Whitley man who was fatally shot two years ago is seeking financial compensation, according to News Now.
Adam Porter was shot and killed by David Hagan on August 14, 2015.
RELATED: Man Dead in South Whitley Shooting
Dan Porter, Adam's father, filed the lawsuit against Hagan, seeking damages for emotional distress and the loss of Adam's potential earnings.
The family did not specify a dollar amount in the suit.
Hagan claimed self-defense for the shooting, but was convicted of reckless homicide in 2016. He was sentenced to four years in the Indiana Department of Corrections.
No hearing date for the lawsuit has been scheduled.
Chittagong
The fall of three late Bangladesh wickets lent hope the Chittagong Test may yet produce a result, after Sri Lanka had secured a first-innings lead of 200, amassing 713 for 9. Roshen Silva completed an assured hundred, Dinesh Chandimal a measured 87 and Niroshan Dickwella a rapid 62, but it was Sri Lanka's spinners who truly breathed life into the game. Finding turn with the almost-new ball, Dilruwan Perera, Lakshan Sandakan and Rangana Herath struck once each in the final 12 overs of the day. With both Mushfiqur Rahim and Tamim Iqbal among those dismissed, the Bangladesh middle order is now charged with carrying them to safety on day five. They are still 119 runs behind.
The late wickets came after the hosts had begun their second innings with such confidence. Tamim Iqbal was not quite as belligerent as he had been in the first innings, but he was nevertheless positive, stroking Herath through midwicket early in his innings, before delectably flicking Suranga Lakmal through square leg in the fourth over. Sri Lanka raised some good lbw shouts, but batting still appeared a relatively uncomplicated exercise. Imrul Kayes was quieter than Tamim, but hardly seemed to be struggling.
It was in the over that Imrul was dismissed that the vibe changed. Tamim was beaten twice by turning Dilruwan Perera deliveries before he finally managed to get himself off strike the fifth ball. Imrul then somehow man-aged to get the toe-end of his bat to an attempted ramp shot, and the ball looped out towards the square leg fielder, who completed an easy take. The remaining 11.5 overs were tense; only two boundaries were struck before stumps. Tamim was largely to blame for his dismissal – prodding at a Sandakan ball that was not threatening the stumps, only to send a thin edge to the wicketkeeper. Mushfiqur, however, can consider himself very unlucky. He got forward to defend a full delivery from Herath, only for the ball to hit his bat and bounce off his shoe. Kusal Mendis took a good low catch at silly point.
Sri Lanka's march to their gargantuan score was, it must be said, utterly tedious viewing, even if it may turn out to be in service of a Test win. The morning session was another speckled with Sri Lanka milestones – Roshen and Chandimal bringing up the third century stand of the innings.—Agencies
KIM Kardashian has met with the President Donald Trump at the White House to make a high-profile case for prison reform and advocate on behalf of a grandmother who's serving a life sentence for drug offences.
The Keeping Up With The Kardashians star arrived at the White House on Wednesday afternoon local time to meet with Jared Kushner - President Trump's son-in-law and senior adviser - who also oversees the administration's push to overhaul the nation's prison system.
It's understood she reached out to Ivanka Trump, who put her in contact with her husband.
Kim Kardashian at the White House — peak 2018. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais)
In a meeting which reportedly lasted "less than an hour", the reality TV star urged President Donald Trump to pardon Alice Marie Johnson, 63, who has spent more than two decades behind bars and is not eligible for parole.
According to US media reports, Johnson's conviction stemmed from her role in a multimillion-dollar drug ring that dealt thousands of kilograms of cocaine.
Afterwards, Mr Trump tweeted a fairly awkward photo of himself and Kardashian in the Oval Office.
Great meeting with @KimKardashian today, talked about prison reform and sentencing. pic.twitter.com/uOy4UJ41JF — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) 30 May 2018
Within seconds, the bizarro photo of this meeting of the minds became the talk of Twitter:
Show this tweet to someone in 2014 and their head would explode. https://t.co/QPaWOzF6em — Mark Di Stefano 🤙🏻 (@MarkDiStef) 30 May 2018
Kardashian is one of the very few celebrities who have visited the White House since Mr Trump took office in 2016. She was seen posing for photos in front of the West Wing before entering the room.
In an interview with the website Mic, Kardashian said she had been incredibly moved by Johnson's story, after seeing a video by the news outlet on Twitter.
She reached out to her longtime personal lawyer, Shawn Holley, to ask him to look at the case and is paying for a new legal team for Johnson.
Just last week, the president granted a rare posthumous pardon to boxing's first black heavyweight champion, clearing Jack Johnson's name more than 100 years after what many saw as his racially charged conviction.
The pardon had been championed by actor Sylvester Stallone, who called Mr Trump personally to discuss the case.
WHO IS ALICE MARIE JOHNSON?
Alice Marie Johnson. Picture: Change.org
Alice Marie Johnson was convicted in 1996 on eight criminal counts related to a Memphis- based cocaine trafficking operation involving more than a dozen people. The 1994 indictment describes dozens of deliveries and drug transactions, many involving Johnson.
She was sentenced to life in prison in 1997, and appellate judges and the U.S. Supreme Court have rejected her appeals. Court records show she has a motion pending for a reduction in her sentence, but federal prosecutors are opposed, saying in a court filing that the sentence is in accord with federal guidelines, based on the large quantity of drugs involved.
A criminal justice advocacy site, CAN-DO, and one of Johnson's attorneys say a request for clemency was rejected by former President Barack Obama. The reasons are unclear.
A 1997 Associated Press story on Johnson's sentencing said she headed up a multimillion-dollar drug ring. But Memphis attorney Michael Scholl, who filed the latest court documents in her request for a sentence reduction, said she was not a leader in the cocaine operation.
"What is the purpose of putting a lady with no prior criminal record, on a nonviolent drug offense, in jail for her entire life?" he said in a telephone interview. "She's a model inmate." Scholl added that Johnson has admitted her wrongdoing, which is borne out in letters she has written to U.S. District Judge Samuel H. Mays, who now oversees her case.
"Judge Mays I'm writing to you to express my deep remorse for the crime that I committed over 20 years ago. I made some bad choices which have not only affected my life, but have impacted my entire family," she said in a February 2017 letter in the court record.
- with Wires
Kim Kardashian is speaking politics in the White House with Donald Trump. We have reached the end. 🤦🏾‍♂️ pic.twitter.com/HELzkGCn3v — Saun Jones (@KeSaunJ) 30 May 2018
This is America pic.twitter.com/9RBpzviDIL — Darren Hayes (@darrenhayes) 30 May 2018
Monday, August 14, 2017 at 9:21 pm |
The relentless campaign of the Reform movement has set its sights on the holiest and most sensitive areas of Judaism in Eretz Yisrael — including the Kosel, giyur and mikvaos. They have chosen the highest-profile targets they could identify, where they believe they can have the greatest impact (and do the most damage) in pressing their demand for official recognition in the State of Israel.
Recently, however, they added another, lesser-known target to their list, but with aims no less insidious: Israel's Channel 20, also known as the Heritage Channel.
Channel 20 was fined 100,000 shekels (nearly $30,000) for refusing to allot broadcast time to non-Orthodox Jewish groups. The fine was imposed by the Council for Cable TV and Satellite Broadcasting, which is responsible for licensing, on the grounds that the broadcaster was in violation of licensing conditions.
CCSB Chairman Dr. Ben Chai Segev wrote that “exclusion of different groups from the channel's broadcasts violates the license, which obligates the channel to give expression to various streams in the public. Channel 20, as the Israeli Heritage Channel, should reflect all the voices and shades in Israeli society.”
In response, Channel 20 was defiant, maintaining that it is not obligated to cover the Reform and Conservative “streams” because they exist — or “flow” — outside traditional Judaism.
“We hereby state categorically that we don't think Channel 20 should present attempts to divide and split the people of Israel,” the broadcaster said in a statement. “There are fake Rolex watches and Adidas shoes all over the world. Let's not counterfeit Judaism, let's not divide the Wall.
“If one can't divide Yerushalayim, and one can't, then surely the Western Wall plaza can't be divided. That's the beginning of the end. If our license is revoked, then let it be so. The integrity of the Jewish people and of the Wall plaza are much more important and larger than anything else, even us.”
Prior to the levying of the fine, “complaints” had been lodged against the channel for not giving airtime to Reform and Conservative representatives, according to Haaretz, another good friend of egalitarianism. The complainants were not named, but who in Israel would be concerned enough to complain? Who would even notice?
Maybe someone like Gilad Kariv, director of the Reform movement in Israel? In a statement welcoming the council's decision, he complained about the channel's “exclusion of Reform Jews from [its] screens, and accused it of “incitement, baseless hatred and exclusion…”
And the month before, the Reform movement had petitioned the High Court to force Channel 20 to recognize it as a legitimate voice within the Jewish People. Apparently, the petition was dropped when the council said it had completed its inquiry into the matter and was ready to act.
Technically, Channel 20 is in violation of the terms of its license, and candidly admits it. But there is a much more important issue at stake, one for which the broadcaster is willing to risk termination of its license: namely, standing up to the Reform movement's incessant demand for recognition in every forum and venue in Israel.
The channel was established for the purpose of infusing some Jewish content in an Israeli broadcasting spectrum largely devoid of it. But now they are being told that their mandate to deliver Jewish content includes all kinds, even if it's inauthentic, even if it's a counterfeit of real Judaism.
The Council has willingly gone along with propagating the fallacy that Reform is a “stream of Judaism” — one expression of Jewishness among many, all equally valid.
Indeed, Reform does deserve recognition — for what it is: not Judaism at all. For Judaism has always meant — as a fundamental proposition — that the Revelation at Sinai was G-d-given, Torah min haShamayim. It is one of the Maimonidean Thirteen Principles of Faith, which appears in almost every siddur, though presumably not in Reform prayer books.
Yet, this is something which the Reform and Conservative groups have never accepted. In fact, their refusal to accept it has, from their inception, been a defining heresy.
To insist that the Heritage Channel includes in its programming interviews with and reports on those very people who would destroy that Jewish heritage is a travesty. It's like granting a hechsher on condition that treif food is served along with the kosher fare.
Rather than harass the Heritage Channel for refusing to include in its programming those who have excluded themselves from Jewish heritage, the Council should reconsider the terms of its license.
Of course, that's not to be expected. The language of the license is written in stone; in the stony determination of the Reform movement to gain official recognition by virtually any means and any subterfuge: by turning the Kosel into a staging area for heterodox ceremonies, by threatening to withdraw financial support to Israel, by barraging the High Court with petitions, by vilifying the chareidi community and all those who seek to uphold the genuine heritage of the Jewish people.
Channel 20 is paying a price in this fight. So are we all. But in the end, true Jewish heritage will survive and, b'ezras Hashem, flourish. Of that we have no doubt.
UN Resolution 833 stipulates that “through the demarcation process the Commission was not reallocating territory between Kuwait and Iraq, but it was simply carrying out the technical task necessary to demarcate for the first time the precise coordinates of the boundary set out in the ‘Agreed Minutes between the State of Kuwait and the Republic of Iraq regarding the Restoration of Friendly Relations, Recognition and Related Matters' signed by them on 4 October 1963.”
Grant Munro, a Winnipeg filmmaker whom the National Film Board calls a “Canadian film and animation legend,” has died at the age of 94.
In a news release, the NFB said Munro died in Montreal on Dec. 9.
“Grant Munro was a Canadian animation legend, whose work has left an indelible mark on Canadian culture and on the global animation world,” said NFB commissioner Claude Joli-Coeur. “He was part of the first generation of young animators that Norman McLaren hired, trained and worked with, as the NFB was starting up in the early 1940s. For five decades, Grant worked on films here in addition to being a sculptor, painter and artist, for he was ceaselessly creative.”
Munro attended art schools in Winnipeg and joined the NFB after his teacher at the Ontario College of Art in Toronto, Group of Seven painter Franklin Carmichael, arranged for McLaren to interview Munro's class.
Munro was hired along with fellow animation pioneers George Dunning and René Jodoin.
PRESIDENT Rodrigo Duterte landed at the top of an online poll on who should be in the Time 100 list of most influential people, but it doesn't mean he is more powerful than, say, Pope Francis.
The official list to be decided by Time editors would not place him as more influential than the Pope or Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg or any of those he beat in the online survey because the final list will name people as “influential,” with no “more influential” or number one among them.
A Malacañang statement Monday announced that Duterte landed in the top spot of Time magazine's readers poll and said he got more votes than Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, the Pope, United States billionaire Bill Gates and Facebook's Zuckerberg.
But reading about the list on the Time website showed that being at the top of the online poll doesn't mean Duterte is more influential than them because the online survey was simply a tool for readers to let Time editors know of their choices.
Time.com announced Monday that Duterte won the 2017 Time 100 poll “after consistently leading the survey, which asked readers who should be included on this year's Time 100 — an annual list of the world's most influential people.” The survey was done online, through the Time website, and ran from March 24 to April 16.
It is not surprising that Duterte would lead in the poll since many Filipinos see him as controversial and powerful, and he has so-called digital warriors, human or robot, who propelled his presidential run online and on social media last year.
But the online poll is separate from the Time 100 list to be released by the publication on April 20. The Time website said the online poll was meant for readers to share their choices with the editors who will decide on the official Time 100 list. He is the online choice for most influential and that probably assures him of a place in the official list but he does not beat anybody in any ranking because there is no number 1 or 2 or 100.
The list, found on Time.com, categorizes influential people into “Pioneers,” “Titans,” “Artists,” “Leaders,” and “Icons.” There can be 15 winners in one category, 30 in another. No set numbers. Duterte would fall under the “Leaders” category and would probably be in the company of Trudeau but he cannot be most influential of the bunch because there is no such thing.
The Time website said Duterte received five percent of the total “yes” votes in the online poll. Since taking office in June, it said, “Duterte has waged an aggressive war on drugs that has killed more than 8,000 people in the Philippines, according to Reuters.” It added, “The controversial anti-drug campaign has inspired growing opposition from human rights groups and some political leaders, including Vice President Leni Robredo.”
If you go by how Time editors vote, a similar selection, but this time on products, showed that the decision process is fully an editorial undertaking.
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Million-pound apartment sales in England and Wales have nearly trebled in the past decade, according to research.
Data gathered by Lloyds Private Banking showed 2,967 flats worth £1million or more were sold last year, a 196% jump from 1,002 in 2006.
Nearly all of the the plush properties were based in London (96%) and made up 35% of all million-pound addresses sold in the capital that year.
Westminster is home to the most expensive apartments in the UK, with an average price of £2,215,073, according to Lloyds.
Sales of million-pound-plus flats in London have similarly increased threefold, from 973 to 2,853 since 2006, the bank said.
A spokeswoman said the jump was partly explained by a growing population and increasing demand.
(Photo: Getty)
Kensington and Chelsea saw soaring numbers of the luxury spaces being snapped up, where 731 flats sold compared with 357 in 2006, overtaking terraced houses as the most popular million-pound properties.
In up-and-coming Hackney, east London, there were no million-pound apartments sold in 2006. Last year, there were 47.
The figures, taken from the land registry, found the exclusive flats now make up 22% of all million-pound property sales in England and Wales.
(Photo: Getty)
Sales of flats worth more than £1million have grown at a far greater pace than similarly valued detached (up 88%), semi-detached (up 154%) and terraced houses (up 165%) in the past 10 years.
The South East saw 44 such flats sold last year, a considerable increase of the nine bought a decade ago.
Head of Lending at Lloyds Private Banking, Louise Santaana, said: "London dominates the million-pound flat market, with the prime areas of Westminster and Kensington and Chelsea accounting for over half of all million-pound apartment sales in England and Wales.
"A finite supply of land in prime central London combined with a growing population has meant the only way is up, with more and more developers focusing on apartments.
"In the past decade there has been a large increase in the building of high value apartments in Knightsbridge, West End, Victoria and King's Cross, while Marylebone and Mayfair being the top two locations for most development. With demand still high, there are more in the pipeline."
Wendell Smallwood at Eagles press gathering
Burton knows his role, will be ready if needed
Harmon finds his strength in religion, makes football easier
US Bank Stadium: Home of Super Bowl LII
Caesar Rodney alum Duron Harmon from the Patriots press gathering
Local food drive with an Eagle twist
Super Bowl LII Behind the Scenes: Eagles Press Gathering
Auto repair workers use sign to celebrate Eagles pride
Newark's Ed Klima is working his 13th Super Bowl
Smallwood enjoying time with fans, the Super Bowl experience
Live from the Super Bowl Opening Night
Raw Video: Pederson on Brett Farve addressing Eagles before SB LII
Vaitai becoming a dependable replacement after loss of Peters
3 Patriots will be suiting up as ex-Eagles this Sunday
Jason Peters makes an impact from the sidelines
Eagles players looking past opening night, ready to play
Eagles' Fletcher Cox on facing Tom Brady
From a chance opportunity, Eagles kicker set to break more records
Torrey Smith looking for second Super Bowl Ring
Fenwick Island Hardware customers find their Eagles fan items
Amazon's Alexa thinks Eagles will win the Super Bowl
Buy Photo Atlanta quarterback Matt Ryan is sacked by Philadelphia's Nigel Bradham (obscured) and Brandon Graham in the Eagles' 15-10 win in a NFC Divisional Playoff at Lincoln Financial Field. (Photo: William Bretzger, The News Journal)Buy Photo
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Eagles are playing another football team that happens to be the New England Patriots on Sunday in the Super Bowl,
Their first step in winning that game, conquering the mountain that is the NFL, then unleashing what will surely be one of the wildest sporting celebrations the U.S has ever seen, is to not regard them as something more.
The Patriots are a National Football League team, just as the Eagles are an NFL team.
If the Eagles make the Patriots bigger than that, they are allowing them to wield their No. 1 weapon -- their mystique.
EAGLES: Foles finds peace in football, faith
EAGLES:Sallies grad, Ex-Eagle Reilly "tackles life" as amputee in book
They cannot do that, or they risk starting from behind.
The Eagles might just be the better football team, betting lines – which have anointed the Patriots as 4½-point favorites – notwithstanding.
But the Patriots have their history, this being their eighth Super Bowl in 17 years. They've won five of those, including last year's.
They have that quarterback Tom Brady, who seems as self-assured and polished at 40 as he did at 30.
They have that coach Bill Belichick, the mastermind behind all their success.
Buy Photo New England Patriots Quarterback Tom Brady smiles during his interview portion of the Super Bowl Opening Night Monday at the Xcel Energy Center. (Photo: Jerry Habraken, The News Journal)
The Eagles cannot fall under their spell. They need to be just as cool and confident as the Pats, if not more so.
While giving the Patriots their much-deserved plaudits, the Eagles have consistently spoken an “It's about us, not them” theme.
“You don't think about it. You just play,” said Eagles tight end Trey Burton of that Patriots aura. “You've got to be confident in yourself.
“We're here to play a game. The more you worry about that, the less you're worried about the fundamentals and your technique and your job.”
All this week, in the lead-in to Sunday's 6:30 p.m. kickoff at U.S. Bank Stadium, the Eagles have appeared properly prioritized.
“Our guys just go about their business every day,” coach Doug Pederson said.
“We know the opponent we're up against. A lot of respect for them, obviously, for what they've done and what they've accomplished. It's about what we do, how our players handle this week and how well they prepare.”
The Eagles certainly have plenty of reasons to feel confident about their chances.
They are coming off a 38-7 demolition of the Minnesota Vikings in the NFC title game, which came hours after the Patriots rallied to upend Jacksonville 24-20 for the AFC crown.
Eagles defensive tackle Fletcher Cox tackles Vikings quarterback Case Keenum in NFC title game. (Photo: Suchat Pederson, The News Journal-USA TODAY NETWORK)
Led by its front four, the defense has been stellar in playoff wins over Atlanta and Minnesota and has allowed just 27 points the last four games.
That defensive line will play a key role in Sunday's outcome, both in putting pressure on Brady and thwarting the Patriots' running attack. New England's offensive front is not deemed a strength.
“That's something we do every game. We always want in in our hands,” All-Pro defensive tackle Fletcher Cox said. “We want to be the ones who get strip sacks, tackles for loss... But number one, we've got to go out there and stop the run.”
Offensively, quarterback Nick Foles, who stepped in after Carson Wentz injured his knee, has shown the potential to play at his 2013 All-Pro form. He has completed at least 75 percent of his passes in back-to-back playoff games. Only Joe Montana did that before. He has a variety of big-play pass-catchers and a solid running game to go with it.
But as in any football game between strong, evenly matched teams, this one will come down to who executes better and makes fewer mistakes.
“We have to talk to each other and communicate and tell each other, ‘Hey, don't make this bigger than what it should be,' ” said Eagles defensive end Brandon Graham. “We go out here each and every week and we prepare and we always stay ready and when we get out here we execute. I think we've got to keep that same mindset.”
Contact Kevin Tresolini at ktresolini@delawareonline.com. Follow on Twitter @kevintresolini.
Professional services giant EY has appointed Vanessa Lee as its new tax director in Yorkshire, Humber and the North East.
Ms Lee has over 20 years' experience in private client services with the big four firms.
She joined PwC as a graduate where she worked for eight years before joining the KPMG tax team in 2004 as a Private Client Tax Advisor to high net worth individuals.
At EY she will lead the firm's private client services offering throughout the region, working with entrepreneurs, high net worth individuals, families, family offices and trustees on complex tax planning.
Ms Lee said: “I have spent much of my career working closely with family businesses and offices across the region.
“In particular I work with both current and future owners of multi-generational family businesses, focusing on overall strategy, governance and generational issue management. My focus is always on how family businesses can achieve sustained growth without neglecting the ‘family' component of their business.
“I have been hugely impressed with the team and breadth of experience which EY has together with its commitment to investing in the region.”
Vanessa is an ardent Hull City fan and sits on the Development Committee for The Princes Trust in Yorkshire.
She has recently taken up cycling and intends to cycle from Buckingham Palace to Windsor Castle for the charity.
NEW YORK (AP) — A $25 million pledge to fight the food industry's influence on public health is coming from a surprising source — the CEO of a snack bar maker.
Kind founder Daniel Lubetzky says he's pledging his own money to create a group called “Feed the Truth” dedicated to revealing corporate influence in the nutrition field, with activities like education campaigns and investigative journalism.
The move underscores the division between older “Big Food” companies and newer businesses that market themselves as wholesome alternatives aligned with health advocates. Kind, known for its fruit and nut bars, touts its use of “real” ingredients and has proven deft at mixing marketing with nutrition issues.
A public health and ethics expert not involved with the group says much depends on how it is set up, and that one tactic to neutralize potential critics is to engage them.
Three high-profile health and nutrition experts have been enlisted to name Feed the Truth's board, which will hire an executive director. Lubetzky said he and Kind will have no involvement, and the group will be free to scrutinize the company. “We don't have any skeletons in our closet,” he said.
Since Kind was launched in 2004, the company's annual revenue has grown to $673.4 million, according to market researcher Euromonitor.
The company was in the spotlight after the Food and Drug Administration warned that it was inappropriately using the term “healthy” on packaging. Kind launched a petition asking the FDA to update its guidelines, saying the fat in almonds and avocados shouldn't count against it, and declared victory when the agency said last year it was re-evaluating.
Lubetzky cited that experience and recent reporting by The Associated Press and The New York Times revealing the food industry's influence on nutrition science for his decision to create Feed the Truth. Kind said he will sign a letter of intent to donate $2.5 million a year for the next 10 years.
The irony of such a group being established by a snack bar CEO is not lost on Marion Nestle, a professor of food studies at New York University who is helping nominate the board. She said she usually keeps industry at arm's length, but found Lubetzky “very persuasive” and felt Feed the Truth could raise awareness about corporate influence in nutrition research.
Deb Eschmeyer, a senior policy adviser on nutrition under the Obama administration, said the project reflects the new ways companies and executives are engaging with the public. Michael Jacobson, executive director of the advocacy group Center for Science in the Public Interest, said the money being pledged in advance should help give the group independence.
Kind said the three advisers are not being paid, though it covered Nestle's travel costs for a meeting. The company said it would not be involved once the board is established.
Leigh Turner, a professor at the University of Minnesota's School of Public Health, said that whether the group remains free from Lubetzky and Kind's influence remains to be seen. He noted that engaging critics is one way for companies to neutralize them, and that the group could be a boon to Kind's image.
“This is a business that wants to present itself as a healthy alternative to candy bars,” Turner said.
As an example of how Kind presents itself, the company launched a “Nutrition Collective” for dietitians last year, which it said was for discussion of major public health issues. A signup page said members would not be paid, but being involved included letting people how “Kind can be a part of their new lifestyle.”
Although Feed the Truth may boost Kind's image, Lubetzky said that wasn't the goal.
“I would hope that people say, OK, these guys are doing the right thing for society, I'm going to be more loyal to the brand,” Lubetzky said.
____
Follow Candice Choi at www.twitter.com/candicechoi
Today is National Offer Day, when thousands of parents find out if their child got into the school of their choice.
Bristol City Council, together with South Gloucestershire and North Somerset, will let their parents know from 9am this morning if they got in.
Last year, hundreds of pupils were left disappointed after they did not get into their top choice primary school. There were also those who did not get into all of their three choices.
We're expecting more than 15,000 applications across the region today.
The Bristol Post will be here with all the live news throughout the day.
You'll also find advice about what to do next, appeals, waiting lists and which schools will still have places.
Please get in touch with us to let us know how your child got on, or if you want to find out about specific schools - their Ofsted results, how they did in last year's SATs, etc.
You can get me on Twitter @michael_yong, on Facebook by clicking here, or by email on michael.yong@b-nm.co.uk . You can also ring on 0117 934 3328.
Good luck!
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Dear Coleen
I don't know what to do about my partner, who wants to remain friends with my best mate's abusive ex.
I'm frustrated about my partner lying to me, only to catch him out socialising with this person.
After everything that's happened over the past couple of years between my friend and her ex, it genuinely upsets me that he still chooses to see him.
It's causing so many arguments and I'm worried if he continues this friendship, things will reach a crisis point with us.
My best friend was with this guy for years on and off, mostly because they were cheating on each other and it devolved into a toxic relationship. They had a child together young and there was a long period of them being stable and making an effort to be parents to their son, who had health issues.
But one night he physically attacked her after he'd been drinking, wrecking the house and taking her phone away so she couldn't call for help.
He was convicted on battery charges, but was given a very light sentence and was released only months later. She started to open up about how emotionally and physically abusive he had been in the past, although never to that level. Since their son passed away due to natural causes they've stayed apart.
I'm happy that despite everything she's been through, she has the
opportunity to heal and be happy now and I'm really proud of her. What upsets me is that my partner is such a good person and would normally hate this type of man, so why does he still want to associate with this guy?
I haven't talked to my best friend about it because I'm deeply ashamed and I don't want to bring that pain back for her.
What else could I say to my partner to convince him that he has to stop seeing this awful man?
Coleen says
First of all, you've been a great friend, which is the most important thing and you have nothing to feel guilty or bad about.
If I were in your shoes, I'd have to say to my partner that I'm really disappointed that he wants to hang out with someone who's been convicted of physical violence against his partner.
Tell him it's making you question his judgement and character. Also make it clear that this man won't be welcome at your home and you won't socialise with him. Ask him who he'd miss more – this guy or you?
And if he can't bear to lose this man as a friend, then I think it says a lot about how seriously he's taking your relationship.
The best part of this story is that your friend is moving on, sorting her life out and doing great, and you can still be there to support her.
She might even know that your partner still sees her ex, but I don't think it would affect how she feels about you. She'll know this isn't your choice.
SANTA paid a flying visit to hand out presents at a Yorkshire children's hospice – with a little help from Emmerdale stars Gaynor Faye and Zoe Henry.
Multiflight aviation company and Leeds Bradford Airport teamed up to provide a helicopter for a treat for children at Martin House Children's Hospice at Boston Spa, Wetherby.
Gaynor Faye, who plays Megan Macey in the ITV soap, said: “To see the children's smiling faces is what it's all about, and we're just bringing a little bit of festive magic to Martin House.
“For me it's about getting here and meeting the families, but arriving by helicopter was an extra buzz and a great start to the visit.
“I've been a supporter of Martin House for many years, and I'm just in awe of the facilities here. It's been wonderful to come here and be Santa's helper.”
Zoe Henry, who plays Rhona Goskirk on Emmerdale, said: “Martin House put in an amazing effort and throw the best parties.
“It's such a great experience to see the joy on children's faces – and the whole family – and it's a privilege to be invited to join in.”
Phil Forster, Leeds Bradford Airport's aviation development and corporate affairs manager, said: “It's magnificent to see the children's faces light up when Santa arrives with his sack of presents and Gaynor from Emmerdale has added an extra element of surprise.
“We love to be part of this visit, creating a truly memorable day for children and families at Martin House Children's Hospice.”
Clair Holdsworth, director of care at Martin House said: “Santa arriving in his helicopter is one of the most exciting events in our Christmas calendar.”
“The children, families and staff eagerly await his arrival and love to watch the helicopter circle and land.
“Some of the children are too poorly or find it difficult to visit Santa in his grotto and it is lovely to be able to bring Santa to them and for the children and their families to experience this
wonderful event.”
Monday's visit was under threat as the field used to land the helicopter in on previous Christmas visits is now a building site.
Boston Spa farmers Tim and Liz Clayton stepped in to offer an alternative landing site.
.
.
ICICI Prudential Life's cost ratios improved even though its commission surged.
Fiscal year 2017-18 was not expected to be a great one for ICICI Prudential Life Insurance. The now second-largest insurer, after SBI Life beat it on market share, was facing slowing business growth. That was why its stock was languishing. Adding to its woes were the troubles its parent ICICI Bank is mired in.
But good days are here for this stock. The bumper growth of 93% in value of new business reported for FY18 came as a surprise and drove the stock up over 8% on Tuesday. Though the insurer reported a slower new business premium growth of 17.6% compared with 28% in 2016-17, even this growth is not to be sneezed at. What stole the show was an impressive 93% jump in value of new business (VNB) or in other words, the extent of profitability of new customers for the insurer.
While the management conceded that such a big growth in value for new business cannot be on a sustained basis, there are enough impulses for the insurer to avoid a sharp decline in growth, the company said.
That explains why the stock was bought like hot cakes during the day. But even if we dig deeper, there aren't any nasty surprises.
What should please investors is that the products the insurer underwrote will bring more profits than before on a consistent basis. ICICI Prudential Life has rightly focused more on protection products which have a woefully low share in the overall product mix. Its customers are turning more profitable and they are sticking to their insurer too.
The company saw improvement in the persistency ratios across all periods during FY18 compared with the previous year. Profitability has increased not by merely generating more revenue but also through cost reduction.
ICICI Prudential Life's cost ratios improved even though its commission surged. The management said that its new products have a higher commission rate explaining the surge in commissions but the company expects to maintain its cost ratios going forward.
Does this mean that the stock now needs a re-rating?
Granted that protection products are growing at a scorching pace of 70% but the company has rightly said that such growth rates are not sustainable for a long period. Also, the protection product share is still just 5.7% of total portfolio, unlike other insurers which have a higher share.
Until there is a meaningful rise in the margin-friendly protection business, the stock already reflects most of the positives of the insurer.
At the current level, the stock trades at around three times its FY18 embedded value, lower than HDFC Standard Life and almost on par with its close rival SBI Life.
FANTASY PLAYS: WRs with potential to break out in third year
FANTASY PLAYS: WRs with potential to break out in third year
Associated Press NEWS News 31 May 2018, 01:58 IST 5 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Conventional pro football wisdom suggests that pass catchers begin to hit stride in their third year. That's when some greats like Jerry Rice and Lance Allworth had their first chart-topping seasons toward Hall of Fame careers.
While it's far too early to suggest anyone from the rookie class of 2016 are locks to reach Canton, fantasy football players should take a closer look at several third-year receivers who have a chance to be highly productive this season.
Michael Thomas (Saints) and Tyreek Hill (Chiefs) have already established their fantasy credentials and will be gone early in fantasy drafts. Hunter Henry (Chargers) would have been a lock to be off most boards by the seventh round but a torn ACL sustained in practice last week ended his 2018 campaign.
One third-year receiver to watch is Houston's Will Fuller, whose draft value could have been several rounds higher had quarterback Deshaun Watson not suffered a season-ending knee injury. With Watson throwing, Fuller had a four-game stretch where he caught seven touchdowns on just 22 targets. If both he and Watson are healthy, the duo could be good for 8-10 scoring strikes, especially if Fuller's average targets per game increases. Fuller will be a great back-end draft selection.
Sterling Shepard of the Giants will benefit from the arrival of running back Saquon Barkley and the return of Odell Beckham, Jr. Even with Eli Manning's struggles in 2017, Shepard would have eclipsed 1,000 receiving yards had he not missed five games. Shepard improved his catch percentage to 70.2 percent and his yards per game to 66.5, potential signs of a breakout in 2018. He would make a sneaky good flex option in point-per-reception formats and could equal the eight touchdowns he scored as a rookie.
Cleveland's Corey Coleman, Josh Doctson of Washington and Malcolm Mitchell of the Patriots are each later stage targets who have both the upside and opportunity to take bigger steps forward. In the case of Mitchell, his recovery from knee surgery makes him a deep sleeper worth an endgame play.
RETURN OF THE PRODIGAL REDBIRD
Cardinals pitcher Alex Reyes made his return to the mound on Wednesday, his first appearance since having Tommy John surgery in 2016. One of the game's elite prospects, Reyes will cause a frenzy in leagues where he is eligible to picked up in free agency. Those looking to pursue the hard-throwing Reyes should proceed with caution as the Cards will treat him with kid gloves. There is strikeout potential there, but expectations need to be tempered.
Reyes' return will also spark a run on trade proposals for those who own him in keeper/dynasty leagues. Reyes owners could sell high, especially if winning immediately is a priority.
SAY "YES" TO BOWYER AT POCONO
Clint Bowyer has yet to win at Pocono Raceway, site of Sunday's NASCAR Monster Energy Pocono 400. Bowyer ($9,400 at DraftKings, $10,600 at FanDuel) has 10 top 10 finishes in 24 career visits to the track, including a sixth-place finish last year.
Since a second-place finish at Dover, Bowyer has finished 15th at Kansas and 12th at Charlotte, breaking what had been a streak of four straight top 10 finishes. Look for him to have a solid outing as he stands a good chance to earn his first checkered flag at Pocono.
___
This column was provided to The Associated Press by the Fantasy Sports Network, http://FNTSY.com
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. LOUIS - Two cars collided overnight, leaving one person injured.
The accident occurred around 12:00 a.m. Wednesday on North Broadway.
According to the authorities, the injured person had to be cut from the wreckage.
No word yet on the other victim or the extent of their injuries.
A Thousand Words on Every Page
Graphic Novels of Winter 2017
A picture is worth a thousand words, so they say, which must make every graphic novel longer than a Tolstoy novel. But the purpose of these pictures is to convey a depth in appearance. Graphic novels can translate facial expression, landscape, and minute detail from words to art, which can make for an invaluable reading experience. These graphic novels from our Winter 2017 issue offer that experience.
Amy Kurzweil
Black Balloon Publishing
Softcover $18.95 (288pp)
978-1-936787-33-3
Amy Kurzweil's Flying Couch: A Graphic Memoir is a bit unusual as memoirs go—though it is the story of her life thus far, Kurzweil's account is largely absent of the kind of physical or emotional traumas that too often seem to be a requirement in memoirs. She's honest about her efforts to live a life that's independent but that still incorporates her family, including her mother, who is a psychotherapist, and her grandmother Bubbe, a Holocaust survivor. Kurzweil tells the stories of all three, but Bubbe's harrowing stories of survival naturally dominate the book, with an immediacy that Kurzweil's own life lacks. In recognizing this, however, Kurzweil is able to merge her grandmother's tale into a larger work about a young woman finding her way in the world. Kurzweil also uses humor throughout Flying Couch, which helps to provide a common thread amid the poignant, the sublime, and the commonplace.
Kurzweil's black-and-white art is expressive, and she uses creative touches like a Chutes-and-Ladders-inspired game board to illustrate the potential benefits and hazards of life in New York City, and plenty of drawings from maps and photographs.
The book's title is a nod to the infamous “psychotherapist's couch,” and as Kurzweil takes the influences of her mother's training and her grandmother's experiences, and reflects on her own life, it's easy to relate to her efforts to find individuality without casting off the love and protection of family. Young people, in particular, should find Flying Couch an enjoyable and edifying read.
John Allison
Oni Press
Softcover $19.99 (144pp)
978-1-62010-351-7
John Allison's acclaimed Bad Machinery series of graphic novels continues with The Case of the Unwelcome Visitor. The book follows Allison's six early-teen protagonists as they search for a new mystery to solve in their native town of Tackleford, England. The hoped-for mystery soon presents itself in the form of a “night creeper” who terrorizes Tackleford, leaving his victims with a strange, absent smile on their faces. With suspicions cast on the new boyfriends of one character's mother and sister, the kids team up with a local reporter to discover the truth.
The Case of the Unwelcome Visitor offers a delicately balanced blend of the natural and supernatural, and Allison keeps a light, refreshing tone via humor, even as the mystery deepens; middle schoolers in particular will appreciate scenes like Charlotte convincing her mom she needs a girls' outing to go bra shopping, hiding Charlotte's true intention of meeting up with her fellow mystery solvers. The complex, intense emotions that accompany early adolescence are often handled playfully, but always sympathetically. There are no simple stereotypes, and Allison's writing and art benefit from a natural, easy flow, being the product of one mind that does both equally well. By spreading the focus across his large stable of characters, Allison has not only kept this sixth volume in the series from seizing up and stalling, he's got it running smoothly on all gears.
Luke Healy
Nobrow Press
Hardcover $22.95 (192pp)
978-1-910620-06-9
Luke Healy weaves the mesmerizing but disparate tales of two expeditions to the Arctic a hundred years ago, and a modern-day college professor facing a scandal, in his stunning debut graphic novel, How to Survive in the North.
Healy's art and narrative style is elegant, reminiscent of Herge's classic Tintin books, but while the Arctic adventures somewhat fit that mold, the contemporary story—a professor's affair with a student, and its repercussions—is more adult fare, which might bring into question the book's recommended readership being listed as Grade 4 and up.
Each of the stories is compelling. The Arctic adventures are based on the real-life excursions of Ada Blackjack and Robert Bartlett, while Sully the college professor's midlife crisis is a fictional tale.
Healy can express a multitude of emotions in one panel, or in a series of panels, as when Ada, an Eskimo woman alone and desperate for food, faces a polar bear near her tent. She prepares to shoot the bear until she notices its cub nearby, which sparks her own maternal instincts for the sick son she left behind.
The interconnections of the stories are sometimes subtle, but always strong, and as Sully finds meaning in the accounts of the Arctic expeditions, muttering, “They should have known better!” and “They didn't think about the consequences,” it's only natural that he should see the similarities to his own situation.
Healy's first graphic novel is an impressive one, and highly recommended.
Shin Takahashi
No Starch Press
Softcover $24.95 (232pp)
978-1-59327-728-4
Statistics students plagued by the complexities of regression analysis will delight in discovering The Manga Guide to Regression Analysis, part of No Starch Press's Manga Guide series.
Originally published in Japan over a decade ago, The Manga Guide to Regression Analysis has been successfully translated into English—a detail that might not seem important in the math-centric world of regression analysis, but one that's critical in this book, due to the simple but engaging story line that frames all the technical talk.
Miu and Risa, two young tea-shop workers, are quickly introduced before Risa agrees to help her friend understand regression analysis. Together, they calculate the expected sales of tea depending on the high temperature of the day and, later, create sales projections for a proposed new bakery location. While the narrative presentation definitely aids comprehension, the book acknowledges that readers should first read The Manga Guide to Statistics in order to fully grasp the concepts, and the math, that follow.
Like Larry Gonick's Cartoon Guide to Statistics, The Manga Guide to Regression Analysis similarly helps students grasp the meaning of R-squared, correlation coefficients, and null hypotheses—terms that have proved to be the bane of many students' college careers. While it may not be enough to supplant a good teacher or a well-written textbook, The Manga Guide to Regression Analysis adds another dimension to the subject and provides another angle from which students can approach it.
Toshio Ban
Tezuka Productions
Frederik L. Schodt , translator
Stone Bridge Press
Softcover $29.95 (928pp)
978-1-61172-025-9
Osamu Tezuka was a towering figure in Japanese manga and anime, referred to as the God of Manga and Japan's Walt Disney. Despite his importance in the development of these fields, Tezuka's name and work are not well known outside his native country, a situation that Toshio Ban and translator Frederik L. Schodt seek to remedy with the monumental manga biography The Osamu Tezuka Story.
At over 900 pages plus appendices, The Osamu Tezuka Story might seem imposing, but while the account is thorough and well-detailed, Ban always moves it along engagingly, making use of one of Tezuka's characters, Mustachio, to narrate. There are amusing scenes of editors attempting to monitor Tezuka and ensure that he meets the deadlines for their manga publications, but when Ban shows Tezuka escaping from windows or taking a train to a distant hotel for some solitude, it's not just exciting and funny, it also demonstrates the tremendous pressure Tezuka was under to meet his commitments. Beginning with Tezuka's childhood, the book illuminates the critical ingredients of his career, including his medical degree, his business ventures, his passion for experimentation, and, above all, his relentless work ethic.
Drawing on Tezuka's own manga biographies (I Am A Manga Artist, and others) as well as outside references, Ban and his partners have created a landmark guide to the life and accomplishments of a master.
Cyril Pedrosa
NBM Publishing
Hardcover $44.99 (336pp)
978-1-68112-080-5
Cyril Pedrosa follows up his well-regarded graphic novel Portugal with the ambitious and beautifully drawn Equinoxes, which combines the distinct stories of several modern-day individuals, and the wordless tale of a boy living thousands of years before, into a transcendent mosaic that exceeds the sum of its parts.
The book is divided into sections titled “Autumn,” “Winter,” “Spring,” and “Summer,” and this, combined with the weather shown as the characters go about their lives, refers back to the title and helps to anchor the book. But Pedrosa links his stories in other ways, primarily through a photographer who snaps shots of people who catch her interest. The personal lives of her subjects are further revealed through the narrative, which Pedrosa delivers in pages of art and words, as well as occasional stand-alone text.
Before Pedrosa turned to graphic novels, he gained experience working on Disney animated films, and in Equinoxes, he uses several styles effectively, including a simple, clean, Disney-like style for the caveboy scenes, and a sketchier, grittier, more complex look for the modern-day segments. Pedrosa's use of color, in a diverse palette to indicate mood, is equally noteworthy throughout the book.
Equinoxes is an enjoyable graphic novel to read through, thanks to Pedrosa's always appealing artwork, but it's more difficult to absorb its entirety without a second, deeper perusal. Equinoxes, then, stands worthy of recognition for satisfying the sometimes overused label of “comics as literature.”
ALBANY (AP) -
Monday, March 19, 2018 at 12:26 pm |
New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo (AP Photo/Hans Pennink)
A new poll released Monday shows New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo holding big leads over two potential Republican challengers and celebrity Cynthia Nixon, who reportedly is considering challenging the Democrat as he seeks a third term in office.
The Siena College poll found that registered voters in New York state prefer Gov. Cuomo over Dutchess County Executive Marc Molinaro by 57 percent to 29 percent. They also favor Gov. Cuomo over state Sen. John DeFrancisco, of Syracuse, 57 percent to 28 percent, according to the poll.
Democrats overwhelmingly favor Gov. Cuomo over Nixon, a potential primary challenger, by 66 percent to 19 percent. There have been reports that Nixon is considering challenging Gov. Cuomo in the September primary.
Nixon, 51, is a supporter of New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio, a fellow Democrat who often clashes with Gov. Cuomo on a variety of issues.
According to Siena pollster Steven Greenberg, Nixon “is far from a household name in New York, though she is better known than either Molinaro or DeFrancisco.”
Molinaro plans to formally kick off his campaign April 2, several weeks after he began getting the support of local GOP leaders upon telling them he was running. Republicans are expected to select a candidate at their state convention in May.
Gov. Cuomo's favorability rating slipped slightly from the previous month, with 52 percent of voters saying they had a favorable view of the governor compared to 40 percent who were unfavorable. A February Siena poll had Gov. Cuomo's favorability rating at 53 percent, down from 62 percent the previous month.
The poll of 772 registered voters was conducted March 11-16. The poll has a margin of error of 4 percentage points.
MANILA An elderly, one-armed leader of the Islamic State-linked Abu Sayyaf group has indicated via an emissary that he wants to surrender to the Philippine authorities and is tired of being on the run, an army general said on Thursday.
Brigadier-General Cirilito Sobejana, army commander on the Abu Sayyaf stronghold of Jolo island, said he has met an emissary who was seeking to negotiate the surrender of Radullan Sahiron, who is more than 70 years old and wanted by the United States for the kidnapping of Western tourists 17 years ago.
The Philippines has deployed nearly 10,000 soldiers on southern Jolo to try to wipe out Abu Sayyaf as its bloody campaign of piracy and kidnapping intensifies.
"He is weak, he is tired and weary because they are moving from one place to another," Sobejana told reporters, adding the negotiations for his surrender were at an early stage.
Abu Sayyaf was created with separatist aims but now engages mostly in banditry, and has proved to be a formidable opponent for the military. It has been holding more than two dozen captives, most of them Vietnamese sailors, who are easy prey for militants equipped with small, fast boats.
The group beheaded a Filipino last week and a German in February after ransom payment deadlines expired. Two Canadians suffered the same fate last year.
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte on Wednesday said he might have troops "invade" Jolo to "finish the game" following a thwarted attempt by Abu Sayyaf to kidnap tourists on a resort island last week.
Defence Minister Delfin Lorenzana in February told Reuters that Sahiron had serious differences with younger Abu Sayyaf leaders who wanted to align the group with Islamic State.
Lorenzana said the military has credible intelligence indicating Islamic State wants to gain a foothold in the restive southern Philippines.
Sobejana said the Abu Sayyaf problem in the south "will be 60-70 percent solved" if Sahiron and his followers on Jolo lay down their arms. However, he said it was also possible his successors might have more militant agendas.
(Reporting by Manuel Mogato; Editing by Martin Petty, Robert Birsel)
Email Address: Password:
Enter your user name and password in the fields above to gain access to the subscriber content on this site.
Your subscription includes one set of login credentials for your exclusive use. Security features have been integrated on this site: If someone signs in with your credentials while you are logged in, the site will automatically close your ongoing login and you will lose access at that time.
To inquire about group subscriptions or an enterprise site license for your organization, contact Tracy Bumba.
If you feel your login credentials are being used by a second party, contact customer service at 877-615-9536 for assistance in changing your password.
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
The world's largest oil trader Vitol expects the oil industry to shrink given the quickening pace of the global shift to electric cars and away from fossil fuels, its chief executive said on Thursday to Reuters.
Vitol CEO Ian Taylor told an event at Chatham House in London he saw oil demand peaking around 2028-2030.
“The industry is in for a period of shrinkage. What keeps me up at night, is thinking -- where is our place in it?” Taylor said, adding that he was concerned about attracting young talent who may instead work for technology start-ups.
“We're looking at a big renewable investment but it doesn't trade,” said Taylor, whose firm trades seven percent of global oil.
Of more immediate concern for the industry is the low oil price. The market has shown signs of rebalancing but Taylor said that rising U.S. oil exports will put oil prices under renewed pressure in 2018 although he said prices could recover towards $60-$65 a barrel in the next two to three years.
The independence referendum in the semi-autonomous region of Kurdistan has helped prop up global oil prices over the last two weeks as around 600,000 barrels per day of its crude travels to a Turkish port for exports. Turkey threatens to stop flows through the key pipeline.
Taylor, whose firm is one of the largest lifters of Kurdish crude, said he hopes the region will not split.
“I hope they don't go independent. All they ever said they wanted was to sit down with Baghdad,” Taylor said.
Most of the world's oil is priced off the Brent benchmark which in turn is set by four North Sea crude grades.
With shrinking North Sea output, a fifth grade is being added to boost liquidity from next year but Taylor said more crudes should urgently be added to boost liquidity.
He said he did not believe Russia's Urals should be added owing to its multiple loading points and inconsistent loading programmes.
Another upheaval for the oil industry is the decision by the U.N.'s shipping agency to cut sulphur emissions by 2020. The shift spells the end of a major outlet for high sulphur fuel oil (HSFO) production.
Taylor said it was not clear how the market would adjust. He said Vitol would probably install sulphur scrubbers on its own ships.
“Africa won't be an outlet (for HSFO). Sophisticated blending is probably what will happen and high sulphur crude values will drop dramatically,” he said.
Reporting by Julia Payne; Writing by Dmitry Zhdannikov; Editing by Ralph Boulton
Chief football writer Mark Duffield gives his best and worst case scenario for every AFL team in season 2018.
Chief football writer Mark Duffield gives his best and worst case scenario for every AFL team in season 2018.
The best and worst case scenario for every AFL team in 2018 The West Australian
Hawthorn fans were able to book a September holiday for the first time since 2009 last year.
Four premierships in a decade might well entitle those at Waverley to be content with the theory that what goes up must come down.
But that's not the way Alastair Clarkson and his Hawks think.
The fall from grace to open last season was dramatic. Hawthorn slumped to 0-4 after competitive losses the opening fortnight to Essendon and Adelaide were followed by maulings from Gold Coast and Geelong.
From there, the wizardry of Clarkson's coaching took over.
The magnets were thrown around and it wasn't long after that Jack Gunston and James Sicily were performing with aplomb in the back line and dependable defender Taylor Duryea had a vital role as a defensive forward.
Though crucial components Cyril Rioli, Grant Birchall, Ben Stratton and James Frawley spent prolonged periods on the sidelines through injury, and high-priced recruit Jaeger O'Meara battled his problematic knees, the Hawks found a way.
Tom Mitchell proved to be an outstanding recruit after crossing from Sydney, breaking the AFL's possession record and finishing runner-up in the Brownlow Medal, while Ryan Burton was unlucky to miss out on the Rising Star award.
Such was their evolution, the Hawks remained in the finals mix until late in the season, with wins over Adelaide, Sydney and a draw with Greater Western Sydney in the second half of the year showing they could well and truly match it with the competition heavyweights.
A year after premiership heroes Jordan Lewis and Sam Mitchell left the club, Hawthorn will have to make do in 2018 without Luke Hodge (Brisbane) and Josh Gibson (retired).
Jaeger O'Meara could dictate the club's immediate fortunes. Picture: Getty Images
But Jarryd Roughead's return to captain the side last season after a cancer scare was one of the feel-good stories of the year and he remains an inspirational leader.
Having missed as much football as he did, it can be expected that Roughead will be better again in 2018.
The wild-card with Hawthorn is the return of Jeff Kennett as president following uncharacteristic off-field turmoil at the club.
As outspoken as ever, Kennett does seem intent on backing his old sparring partner Clarkson — for now.
He has boldly stated the club's mission to win a further seven premierships by 2050.
The lack of high draft picks in recent years — they didn't enter the national draft until pick 45 last year and selection 74 in 2016 — might make the task of rising back to premiership contention quickly a difficult one.
But if any club can do it, it's Hawthorn.
Jarman Impey has the potential to be a handy recruit after he was prised out of Port Adelaide, but otherwise the improvement in 2018 is likely to come from players returning from injury and the likes of O'Meara staying fit.
They would also love to get another stellar 22 games out of Shaun Burgoyne, but at 35, he is considerably closer to the end of his career than the start.
Finals look a possibility for the Hawks, but Clarkson prefers to talk in silverware, rather than the top eight, and the brilliant mentor is sure to have his eye on the next big prize.
Islamabad
Pakistan beat South Korea by 4-0 in the Davis Cup Asia-Oceania Zone Group-I tie here at grass courts of the Pakistan Sports Complex on Saturday.
In doubles the duo of Aisam ul Haq and Aqeel Khan outclassed the Korean pair of Soon Woo Kwon and Yong-Kyu Lim by 2-0 (7-6, 6-4).
In the reverse singles, Pakistan's Muhammad Abid Ali Akhbar beat Korean Minjong Park by 2-0 (7-6, 7-6).
Speaking to media, Pakistan's non-playing captain Hameed ul Haq said he can't express his happiness for Pakistan winning the tie and all the credit goes to Aisam and Aqeel.
Aisam said our team was weaker than the Koreans on paper but thank God we delivered our best and won the tie.
Authorities need to pay attention on other games as well besides cricket,” he said.
He said there is immense talent of every game in the country and all that is needed is support from the higher authorities.
“The next match will be against Uzbekistan and we will do our level best to win it,” he said.
Aqeel said he wasn't feeling well today and was in very much pain but thanks to the doctors, federation and the team for supporting him.
“Aisam supported me alot and without his and the team's support this win wouldn't have been possible,” he said.
CINCINNATI — Trevon Bluiett got off his 3-pointer and felt the foul. The ball went in, he went down, and No. 6 Xavier had the big play it needed to pull one out.
Bluiett had a season-high 31 points, including a four-point play that tied it late in regulation, and the Musketeers never trailed in overtime while holding on for a 96-91 victory over Georgetown on Saturday.
With Xavier (21-3, 9-2 Big East) trailing by four points, Bluiett made his sixth 3-pointer of the game and was levelled by Jagan Mosely after he released the shot. Bluiett hit the free throw, tying it 86-all with 24.3 seconds left.
"We ran a play that was going to open me up for a 3," Bluiett said. "I didn't expect him to jump and foul me. I shot it, it felt good, he got off-balance and ran into me. I just know it's a good feeling."
That was the break Xavier needed to remain unbeaten in 15 home games this season.
"Sometimes you have a little luck," coach Chris Mack said. "The guy crashing into him — that was very fortunate."
The Musketeers didn't make a field goal in overtime. They converted all of their 10 free throws, including four by Tyrique Jones, who finished with 15 points. Bluiett's two free throws clinched it with 10 seconds left.
The Hoyas (13-9, 3-8) lamented how they wasted a chance to win it after Bluett's four-point play in regulation. Jahvon Blair passed up an open shot and then forced 3-point try that was well off the mark with 2 seconds left, giving Xavier a chance to finish off a back-and-forth game. There were 20 ties and 21 lead changes, with neither team ahead by more than five points.
"Blair had a shot, but he thought we wanted to hold it," coach Patrick Ewing said. "Sometimes when you have an open shot, you've got to take it when you have it. But he held it and when he shot, it was a bad shot."
Xavier has won six in a row, staying right behind No. 1 Villanova for the Big East lead.
This week, Darrin talks about a new initiative to have drones plant trees, which could help humanity counter the 6-billion deficit between how many trees we cut down every year, and how many we plant.
Have feedback? Reach out on Twitter at @BNIpodcast.
Thousands of youths took to the streets on Friday in Port Harcourt in protest of extrajudicial killings allegedly perpetrated by the Special Anti Robbery Squad of Nigeria Police on Rivers State.
The youths, who gathered under the aegis of the Niger Delta Non Violence Youth Leaders Assembly converged on the popular Moscow Road in Port Harcourt, displaying placards with various inscriptions.
Some of the inscriptions on the placards read, IGP, rise up to the occasion, Akin Fakorede must go, The activities of Akin Fakorede is creating bad image for the Nigeria Police.
SARS, Rivers people say no to extrajudicial killings, SARS has become something else in Rivers State among others.
Describing some of the activities of SARS in the state as unacceptable, the protesters explained that innocent persons had been sent to their early graves as a result of the unprofessional behaviour of the security outfit.
Speaking with newsmen shortly after their protest, the Coordinator of the group, Mr. Michael Omachi, maintained that the head of SARS in the state, Mr. Akin Fokorede , had shown that he was not capable of handling operatives under him.
"We want to state that the SARS Commander , Akin Fakorede is incapable of handling his men. We are being humiliated; our people are being killed. Our people have been raped and at the end of the day, they will come back and say it is our people that raped our people.
"Meanwhile, it is SARS people that are raping our people. The go with different kinds of drugs in their pockets and go to search people's houses. At the end of the day, they plant the drugs in people's houses.
"They will plant those exhibits and arrest those people. They will deal with those people and at the end of the day, you bail yourself N100,000 in our state. We will no longer allow it.
"For the sake of time, what we are saying today is that let the Federal Government, especially the President (Muhammadu) Buhari, to come to our aid, let the Inspector General of Police come to our aid” Omachi pleaded.
In the same vein, one of the youth leaders, Mr. Okocha Njobuanwu, expressed the need for the IGP to establish a committee to investigate the activities of SARS operatives in the state.
Njobuanwu pointed that though the youths were not against security agents in the state, it was necessary for SARS to protect citizens of the country and not perpetrate crime against them.
"We are here today to register our displeasure with the activities of SARS in Rivers State. We are not against the Nigeria Police; we are not against security agents.
"What we are saying is that we have series of complaints against SARS . His Excellency, Governor Ezebunwo Nyesom Wike has also made some allegations against SARS .
"What we expect is for the hierarchy of the Nigerian Police, the Inspector - General of Police and the Commissioner of Police in Rivers State to set up a unit to investigate these allegations.
"SARS is there to protect us, but today, we found out that SARS, instead of protecting us, is killing us” the youth leader stressed.
When contacted to respond to the allegation of the protesters, the State Police Public Relations Officer, Mr. Nnamdi Omoni, said the Command would not be able to respond to the matter immediately.
Trending: Pipe bomb explosion in NYC and celebrities #StandWithKeaton
Connect with the writer:
Follow @kimberleidavis
Get breaking news, weather and traffic on the go. Download the ABC Columbia News App for your iPhone or Android phone and tablet.
Rawalpindi
Provincial Minister for Labor & Manpower Raja Ishfaq Sarwar said that timely completion of development projects is the top priority of Punjab government as it will bring relief for general public. He directed the government departments to keenly focus on improving infrastructure of Health and education and prefer locals while hiring for job in their departments so that we won't confront any shortage of staff due to transfers.
While reviewing the detailed report presented by all departments regarding headway of development schemes in NA-50, Raja Ishfaq Sarwar said that along-with the maintenance and repair of roads; updated report of THQs, BHU and dispensaries to be presented to committee at earliest. He said that 33 schemes of water supply have been completed while work is in progress on 04 schemes which needs to be completed swiftly and further directed to highlight the points of clean drinking water in Kotli sattyian.
While sharing details of Kahuta-Punjar road, Minister said that re- alignment of Kahuta-Panjaar- Azad Pattan road is under consideration due to impounding of Dam Water which is Karot Hydro Power Project. It is suggested that existing road which is 59 Km may replace with 69 Km.
He further added that maintenance of Chowk Pindori to Buer Road and land effectees of Karot Hydro Power project are also our key focus and a committee has been established to look into the matter. Moreover, Raja Ishfaq Sarwar said that highways Punjab has also been directed to repair 24 roads in NA-50 at preference basis. He expressed these views while chairing review meeting of steering committee for development projects of NA-50 at Punjab House Islamabad.
Monday, August 14, 2017 at 4:45 am |
One of two U.S. Air Force B-1B Lancer bombers prepares to take off for a 10-hour mission, to fly in the vicinity of Kyushu, Japan, the East China Sea, and the Korean peninsula, from Andersen Air Force Base, Guam, August 8. (U.S. Air Force/Tech. Sgt. Richard P. Ebensberger/Handout via Reuters)
SEOUL, South Korea (AP) - Tensions between the United States and North Korea tend to flare suddenly and fade almost as quickly — but the latest escalation won't likely go away quite so easily.
Events closer to home, including deadly violence at a white nationalist rally in Virginia, could demand more of President Donald Trump's attention in the days ahead and cut into the volume and frequency of his fiery North Korea rhetoric.
But North Korea has yet to back away from its biggest threat: a plan to lob missiles toward U.S. military bases on the island of Guam that Pyongyang says should be ready for leader Kim Jong-un to review anytime now.
Will it all stop there?
Or, despite the extremely high risks, will Kim really give the go order? And, regardless of what Kim does or doesn't do, will the tough-talking Trump feel compelled to take matters into his own hands?
Unpredictable as the situation is, some potential flashpoints to watch for:
BOMBER FLIGHTS
This could be the biggest trigger.
North Korea says it was compelled to put the Guam plan together because it feels threatened by a squadron of B-1B bombers on the island that the U.S. has increasingly sent to fly in Korean airspace in symbolic shows of force during times of particular tension.
But that may be only a pretense.
North Korea is certainly sensitive to the bombers, which could cause a lot of devastation if a war did start. But it also might just want an excuse to fully test the capabilities of its new Hwasong-12 intermediate-range missiles.
Either way, it's a cagey tactic: If Trump orders the B-1Bs to stay on the ground, Pyongyang can claim victory. If he orders them to fly, North Korea has its excuse to launch. If, of course, that's what it really wants to do — Pyongyang wisely left itself a lot of wiggle room and hasn't committed itself one way or the other.
LIBERATION DAY
Aug. 15 is the anniversary of the end of World War II in 1945 and the Korean Peninsula's liberation from Japanese colonial rule.
Pyongyang likes to use big anniversaries to make high-profile statements with military activity or political provocations. It launched its first intercontinental ballistic missile, for example, on July 4 — Independence Day in the United States.
This week's World War II anniversary isn't linked so closely to veneration of North Korea's ruling Kim family, the primary days for demonstrating national power. But it's a national holiday just the same and could be an opportune moment for the North to make some kind of move.
So far, however, there haven't been any telltale signs of anything brewing in Pyongyang. The day could just be marked with small celebrations and the distribution of free treats — or maybe more rhetoric about the Guam missile plan.
WAR GAMES
This is another likely trigger, if Pyongyang is going to actually do anything.
Tens of thousands of U.S. and South Korean troops are expected to kick off the annual Ulchi-Freedom Guardian military exercises on Aug. 21. North Korea sees these exercises and larger ones held every spring as a rehearsal for invasion. Getting Washington to halt them has long been one of Pyongyang's key demands, and it regularly stirs the pot around the time they're held.
North Korea carried out its biggest nuclear test just after last year's UFG drills ended and fired four Scud ER missiles into waters off Japan to coincide with the spring exercises this past March.
This year's UFG exercises are expected to last around 10 days.
Four-way forum to discuss multiculturalism in Asia
Trans-East-Asia Multiculturalism will hold a weekend of workshops and forums in Seoul following on from a similar event in Taiwan last year.
TEAM is a collaboration of academics that formed to help develop “multiculturalism from below” across Japan, South Korea, Taiwan and Hong Kong through grass-roots level activities involving Asian expatriates.
The event, “EthniCities: The Art of Embracing Diversity,” aims to encourage sustainable, long-term efforts to encourage ways for different cultures to live together in society, a value that TEAM says has not been well cultivated within the existing national frameworks.
The event includes discussions and work by multicultural media, NGOs, filmmakers and artists in the four countries.
Saturday will include a discussion between media and cultural NGOs, followed by performances from artists based in Taiwan, Hong Kong, Japan and Korea.
Sunday will include a discussion by multicultural media in each country, a film showing and a filmmakers round table on their experiences.
The events take place at the Seoul Global Cultural Center, Myeong-dong, Seoul. Attendance is free and requires no reservations. For a full schedule and other details, visit transeastasia.org.
(paulkerry@heraldcorp.com)
HEAD coach David Wagner will tonight send his Huddersfield Town side into battle against reigning champions Chelsea with a demand to “treat the game like a Cup tie”.
The Terriers host Antonio Conte's men in front of what seems certain to be a red-hot atmosphere despite the freezing temperatures.
Manchester United have already come unstuck at a sold-out John Smith's Stadium this term, but the odds remain firmly stacked against Wagner's men claiming a second major scalp.
Nevertheless, the Town chief has urged his players to embrace the role of underdog in an attempt to pull off another shock against the Blues.
“I say to the players, ‘Listen, we treat this like a cup tie,” said the 46-year-old to The Yorkshire Post.
“Make it uncomfortable, stay in the game and then if you can score first it puts a lot of pressure on the opponent.
“The roles are totally clear. One team is the favourite and the other can be happy to be part of this game. We are not dreamers, we are workers. This will be what counts against Chelsea, we totally have to work our socks off.
“With a good performance you get some credit. But with points you get some big headlines as well. This is usually what happens in cup ties, if a smaller club is successful against a bigger club.
“This is what I mean when I say it is a cup tie. Anything can happen. Every single second that we are in the game is a second in our favour. This is how we have played all the games against the top six so far.
“This, for sure, will not change when we play Chelsea. If you want to stay up you have to take points against the top six.”
With a Huddersfield win priced as high as 9-1 by one bookmaker, it is clear where the smart money will be going ahead of kick-off.
Town, though, will be buoyed by a 14-point haul on home soil that is only bettered in the top flight by the top six and Everton.
Wagner's men could also be helped by the demoralising defeat Chelsea suffered at West Ham United in their last outing.
That loss saw Michy Batshuayi caught on camera with a hot water bottle clutched to his face in an attempt to stay warm, something that led to criticism of the £33m signing from Marseille for being soft.
What the Belgian will make of a December night in the frozen north remains to be seen, but Wagner does not expect his own players to feel the cold.
“In Germany, sometimes the dugout seats are heated,” he said with a smile. “Ours aren't heated, but, to be honest, the atmosphere in the John Smith's Stadium is so hot that you don't need seat heaters.”
Wagner, rarely a manager who adheres to the ‘never change a winning team' mantra, will finalise his starting XI following a light training session this morning.
Rajiv Van la Parra, available again after serving a three-game ban for his dismissal in last month's 2-1 defeat to Manchester City, could return in midfield as the Town chief contemplates a tweak to his usual 4-2-3-1 formation.
The Dutch winger apologised for his red card, which followed a post-match clash with Leroy Sané, and Wagner added: “Van la Parra has to prove to us he hasn't lost his rhythm.
“I back him as much as I can to do that. If the question is does what happened (with the red card) stay in my mind then the answer is no. He has made a mistake, apologised and accepted the fine.
“Now we continue. We have a very busy period and he is able to play again. That makes us all very happy. He is still an important player, in my head. He has learned an important lesson.
“He is a good character and knows we need to stay disciplined. We cannot change what happens, but experience is important for the club and the players.”
As for his likely team selection, Wagner added: “I haven't decided so far. But I think I have proved often enough that this (the saying ‘never change a winning team') doesn't count for me.
“With our small squad, the idea of never changing a winning team has not been a consideration for me in the past and never will be in the future.”
Chelsea are making their first visit to Huddersfield since a 3-2 triumph at the old Leeds Road in 1983. Kasey Palmer is unavailable against his parent club, but Wagner is backing his players to follow-up Saturday's stirring win over Brighton.
“We had a lot of experience in the Premier League,” he added. “We know exactly what we have to do to have a small chance. Our supporters know what we have to do to have a small chance. If we have a small gap open we can use, we will try to use it.
“All the other games against the top six, we performed even if, in the end, we conceded a lot of points. We cannot expect a positive result even if I hope for one. But we will make it as uncomfortable for Chelsea as we have in all our home games.”
Match build-up: Page 18.
An assailant punched a 71-year-old man and his grandson in the face then made off with older man's ball cap and eyeglasses in Nanaimo's Bowen Park. (News Bulletin file photo)
A 71-year-old man and his 20-year-old grandson were punched in the face and then robbed while walking in Bowen Park on the weekend.
According to police, the incident happened Saturday between 5:15 and 5:30 p.m. when the men took a walk near a wooded area on a path along the Millstone River near the picnic pavilion.
The grandfather told police he went off the trail and behind a bush to find a private area to urinate when he noticed a man walking directly toward him.
Without warning the stranger punched the man and his grandson in the face. The blow knocked the 71-year-old to the ground, causing his eyeglasses and baseball cap to fall off. The assailant then allegedly demanded their wallets, but upon seeing the cap and glasses on the ground, grabbed those and walked away.
The grandfather required several stitches to close a cut to his lower lip. The grandson did not require medical attention.
The suspect is white with blonde hair and wore a brown jacket and brown pants. He was accompanied by a woman, who did not take part in the assault, who was described as having long black hair and who also wore brown clothes.
The stolen ball cap and eyeglasses are both brown too. The ball cap has the words San Diego Zoo on the brim and SDZ printed on its side. The eyeglasses are Gucci brand.
Anyone with information about this incident is asked to call the Nanaimo RCMP at 250-754-2345. To remain anonymous contact Crime Stoppers at www.nanaimocrimestoppers.com, text 274637, keyword Nanaimo or call 1-800-222-8477.
Seeing the Death Star for the first time in Star Wars: Episode IV – A New Hope is one of the most iconic images of the Star Wars franchise, if not in cinematic history.
Unfortunately, much of the original Death Star was tossed into a landfill at the conclusion of filming, though one Industrial Light & Magic (the Special Effects department of Star Wars created by George Lucas) employee was smart enough to grab exactly one piece. That one piece was eventually acquired by Star Wars collector Steve Grad who has placed it up for auction on eBay.
An Original 'Star Wars' sectional piece of the Death Star from A New Hope went up on eBay -> https://t.co/J8EwkFIBth pic.twitter.com/NRkdupBO3b — TBlake (@therealtblake) May 27, 2018
Original ‘Star Wars Death Star' Prop Used On Set Is Now Selling On eBay https://t.co/3hQr4mUW76 pic.twitter.com/wR95yTNqXC — Movies World (@MoviesWrld) May 29, 2018
The auction, currently, is closing in on $11,000 for the piece, but can you really put a price on cinematic history?
(Via Huffington Post.)
Mahindra sold its 51% stake in Chinese tractor JV for 82 million renminbi, or around Rs80 crore. Photo: Reuters
Mumbai: Mint brings to you your daily dose of top deals reported by newsrooms across the country.
NCLT admits RCom petition for Aircel merger
The National Company Law Tribunal (NCLT) on Monday admitted Reliance Communications Ltd (RCom)'s petition for merging its wireless division with telecom firm Aircel Ltd, reports Mint. The tribunal has also admitted RCom's petition for a 51% stake sale in its telecom tower arm to Canada-based Brookfield Infrastructure. The tribunal will issue final orders on 13 September. Read more
Kolte Patil sells Pune land to Island star for Rs160 crore
Pune-based developer Kolte-Patil Developers Ltd has sold a land parcel in the city's Wakad suburb to Island Star Mall Developers Pvt. Ltd, an investment platform of Phoenix Mills Ltd and Canada Pension Plan Investment Board (CPPIB), for Rs160 crore, the companies said on Monday in separate BSE filings, reports Mint. Read more
Greenko to buy stakes in Pennar's renewables energy unit
Pennar Industries Ltd (PIL), a Hyderabad-based engineering company, on Monday said its board has agreed to sell a stake in its subsidiary Pennar Renewables Pvt. Ltd to Greenko Solar Energy Pvt. Ltd, the solar energy arm of Greenko Energy Holdings, reports Mint. Read more
Mars food to acquire US-based Tasty Bite that makes Preferred Brands
Mars Food, a unit of American chocolatier Mars Inc., said it has agreed to acquire another US-based firm that makes ready-to-eat products Preferred Brands International, reports Mint. Tasty Bite Eatables is listed on BSE and will continue to be listed after the acquisition is completed, Mars Food said in a statement on Monday. Read more
Angry Birds maker Rovio soon to go for IPO at $2 billion value
Rovio Entertainment Ltd is planning an initial public offering as early as next month that could value the maker of the Angry Birds mobile games and movie at about $2 billion, said people familiar with the matter. Carnegie Bank A/S, Danske Bank A/S and Deutsche Bank AG are among banks advising on a potential listing. Read more
Mahindra sells entire stake in Chinese tractor JV
Tractor major Mahindra & Mahindra has sold its entire stake in its Chinese tractor joint venture to partner Yueda Yancheng, reports Times of India. The company sold its 51% stake for 82 million renminbi, or around Rs80 crore. The Chinese JV—Mahindra Yueda Yancheng Tractor—was set up six years ago and M&M invested in the entity through wholly-owned subsidiary Mahindra Overseas Investment Co. (Mauritius). Read more
Uber considers 3 offers to acquire company's shares
Uber's board has voted to move forward on proposals by two investment groups to buy shares in the ride-hailing service and is considering a third offer, with any final decision set to affect who gains the upper hand at the company, reports New York Times. Read more
RBL raises Rs1,680 crore from CDC group, others
RBL Bank (formerly Ratnakar Bank) has raised Rs1,680 crore through a preferential issue of equity shares to domestic and international investors led by CDC Group. The bank has said that it will use the money to pursue both organic and inorganic growth, reports Times of India. Read more
HCL pumps $780 million in intellectual property tie-up with IMB
HCL Technologies has taken an unconventional route to partially offset the slowing down of its traditional workhorse, infrastructure management services (IMS). India's fourth-largest IT services firm has pumped $780 million into five intellectual property (IP) partnerships with IBM, reports Times of India. Read more
Big IPOs yet to take place in India this year
A slew of big-ticket initial public offers is set to hit the market over the next few months, with insurers including HDFC Life, ICICI Lombard and General Insurance Corporation along with government's Exchange-Traded Fund (ETF) among others gearing up to raise at least Rs30,000-40,000 crore by December, reports Economic Times. Read more
NATIONAL
(Yonhap)
Following a dispute over wages, a convenience store owner in Cheongju, North Chungcheong Province, called police on a female temporary worker, 19, and accused her of stealing plastic bags from the store on Monday.Police arrested the female suspect on the alleged theft without detainment, after security footage showed her taking the bags.The suspect reportedly stole 50 plastic bags, priced at 20 won (1.8 cents) each, after her shift ended on Dec. 4 at 11:50 p.m. After doing a routine run-through of the security tape Sunday, the store owner called police to report the crime.The suspect denied stealing the 50 plastic bags and claimed to have taken only two bags because she planned on buying items from the store. The employee, who started working in September, also said the store owner did not provide the “promised minimum wage,” which sparked the verbal dispute.Police said they view a lack of “ill-intention to commit a crime” by the suspect and will need to further investigate the exact details of the case.By Catherine Chung (cec82@heraldcorp.com)
While your trainer yells ‘eating is cheating' to your abless form, you may want to remind yourself that Tiger Shroff had eight packs before he put away eight scoops. So while you, mere mortal, grumble about how it's unfair that Shah Rukh is ripped at 51 you may want to put down the fork. Getting ripped is hard work but once you're there, you could maybe cut yourself some pizza slack every now and then. And when you do that, Nutella sandwich is going to be oh-so-much sweeter. Till then check out how these Bollywood actors gorge on their day off:
1 /6 Ranveer Singh's ultimate cheat indulgence is possibly the most relatable one on the list – Nutella. The hazelnut-chocolate spread has saved many a stoner from midnight cravings. The saviour of plain toast, the best friend of peanut butter, the essential ingredient in a milkshake and the bane of Ranveer Singh's trainer. Image: Youtube Tiger Shroff It isn't fair that Tiger Shroff gets to have all those abs and ice-cream. Seriously, it's like he should have to sacrifice the bottom two abs for all the ice-cream he puts away. Tiger's only vice is the stuff night time drives are orchestrated for. Tiger keeps it simple with the classic flavours, nothing too wild but he claims when he goes all out there's no caging him. Image: Semih Kanmaz Sushant Singh Rajput Sushant Singh Rajput may upload fitness inspiration videos on the daily but the only thing it's inspiring you to do is get your girl off Instagram ASAP. But what Sushant is really showing you is the hours of training he has to put in after his cheat days. While Hyderabadi Biryani is the actors weakness he told GQ, he goes all out with jalebi, ice-cream and a tonne of chocolates. Considering his cheat day is your life, you may want to get on Sushant's vibe. Shah Rukh Khan Honestly, if you look as good at 51 as Shah Rukh Khan then feel free to send in recommendations on what to indulge in on a cheat day, if not, sit down. Khan has a weakness for Mughlai food since he grew up around it. But a lean piece of tandoori chicken isn't exactly going to punish your six pack. But offer him a plate of Chole Bhature from Bengali Market in Delhi and watch the biggest movie star in Bollywood turn into putty. The actor uses travelling as an opportunity to eat what he wants. Image: R Burman Sidharth Malhotra's abs are't just made in the gym, he's also cooking them up in the kitchen. The actor may try to eat boiled and vegetarian food but hand him dark chocolate and the bottom two abs may start to worry for their life. Malhotra claims to eat just about anything on a cheat day but he has a real weakness for sweets and dark chocolate. Varun Dhawan Varun Dhawan may be the most liberal when it comes to cheat days. The actor once tweeted “Last nite was my cheat day I ate everything I saw from methai to chips to pasta to pizza. What do you eat when u go out of control?”. Pretty much that except all the time. If you look at his abs you'll think he's lying but one look at his Instagram and Dhawan proves that he consumes his fair share of junk. Put those abs away, you're making us look bad.
Up Next: Know your spirits: Whisky
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Peterborough United play their first pre-season friendly tonight, but two key players are set to sit the game out.
Posh have traveled to local side Stamford AFC for their first friendly and will be fielding two different XIs, one in either half.
Yet Jack Marriott and Marcus Maddison are both missing from either XI as speculation continues to grow around their future.
Bristol City are one of eight clubs interested in striker Marriott and are believed to have made at least one bid for him this summer as they look to replace Bobby Reid.
Yet the Robins face competition from Derby County and Nottingham Forest for the striker, with Leeds United also said to be interested in the 23-year-old.
Forest, Birmingham City and Leeds are all also said to be interested in Maddison, who was transfer listed over the summer after Posh failed to win promotion back to the Championship.
Chairman Darragh MacAnthony confirmed yesterday on Twitter that neither player would be involved in the game, although he did not offer a reason why.
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document.
.videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }
There has been a crash on the M4 near Bristol which is causing lengthy delays as rush hour begins.
The crash happened at around 3.30pm on Wednesday, May 30.
The crash happened on the westbound side of the M4, around halfway between junction 20 (for the Almondsbury Interchange with the M5) and junction 21, where the M4 splits to go over either one of the two Severn bridges.
Traffic is queuing back as far as junction 19, for the M32 at Bristol itself.
And traffic is also backing up onto the M5 junctions too. Emergency services are on the scene.
Normal traffic is not expected to return for some time.
We will bring you all the latest information on this ongoing incident, with updates on the crash and when it is expected to clear.
Published:
Share This
The Police Command in Benue is interrogating the Divisional Police Officer in charge of Gboko A Division over the Wednesday killing of seven persons. The Commissioner of Police in Benue, Mr Fatai Owoseni, said in Makurdi on Friday that some persons had been arrested in connection with the killings. Seven passengers were killed and burnt by a mob at Gboko Motor Park in Gboko Local Government Area.Owoseni said the DPO was being questioned on whether he acted professionally upon getting a distress call on the day of the incident. “We have arrested some suspects and of course the (Nigeria) Police has its accountability process. “At the moment we are trying to find out exactly what happened on that day, we are also looking at what the response time was taking into consideration when the distress call was made and when the response came in. “It is on the basis of this that the Divisional Officer of A Division Gboko is being questioned. We want to know what time he got the distress call and what was his immediate action. “We are also trying to find out from him if he responded professionally because as a police officer our allegiance and loyalty is to the constitution of this country not to any other person,” he said.Meanwhile, a reliable source at the state headquarters said that the DPO had been moved to Force Headquarters, Abuja, for further questioning. Owoseni further disclosed that the remains of those killed in the incident had been buried.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A brave four-year-old girl who lost all her limbs to meningitis has delivered an inspiring message on how she refuses to be beaten by the disease.
Quadruple amputee Harmonie-Rose Allen opened up about her fight against the deadly infection in a new video for World Meningitis Day.
Moving footage shows the defiant youngster trying to grasp a pen so she can write as she plays in her bedroom filled with toys.
Reading out the symptoms of meningitis, Harmonie-Rose, from Bath, says: "I beat meningitis because I was really happy."
Her parents Freya and Ross probably never expected to see their daughter talking and laughing after her battle, Somerset Live reports.
(Image: Somerset Live WS)
(Image: Somerset Live WS)
Brave tot who lost all her limbs to meningitis makes her TV debut on Call the Midwife
Diagnosed with Meningitis B when she was 10 months old, doctors had to remove all of her limbs to save her from the disease.
In the video shot by the charity Meningitis Now, she runs through the signs and symptoms of an illness which shaped her life - but which she ultimately defeated.
(Image: Somerset Live WS)
Hamonie-Rose delivers the key messages the charity want her to share - and proudly declares she "knows loads" about Meningitis..
But the short film is at its most moving when it delves behind the scenes, showing the moments the film crew were simply hanging out with Harmonie-Rose.
(Image: Somerset Live WS)
(Image: Somerset Live WS)
The caption of the video reads in one section: "The disease may have taken her arms and legs but she didn't let it take her spirit!"
Viewers learn she doesn't like pizza and that her favourite dinner is pasta bake.
Meningitis and Septicaemia Facts Meningitis is inflammation of the membranes that surround and protect the brain and spinal cord; usually caused by bacteria or viruses.
Some bacteria that cause meningitis also cause septicaemia (blood poisoning).
The early signs and symptoms of meningitis and septicaemia can be similar to ‘flu and include fever, headache, nausea, vomiting, diarrhoea and muscle pain. More specific signs and symptoms include fever with cold hands and feet, drowsiness, confusion, pale blotchy skin, stiff neck, dislike of bright lights and a rash which doesn't fade under pressure. In babies, symptoms include being floppy and unresponsive, dislike of being handled, rapid breathing, an unusual, moaning cry and a bulging fontanelle (soft spot on the top of the head). There are an estimated 3,200 cases of bacterial meningitis and septicaemia each year in the UK. Following bacterial meningitis or septicaemia, one in ten people will die and at least a third of survivors will be left with lifelong after-effects such as hearing loss, epilepsy, limb loss or learning difficulties. It can affect anyone, but most at risk are babies, young children and teenagers.
Vaccines give protection against SOME types of meningitis. BUT there are not vaccines to protect against ALL types.
types of meningitis. there are not vaccines to protect against types. If you suspect meningitis or septicaemia, trust your instincts and get immediate medical help.
At the end of the video Harmonie-Rose passes a piece of paper she's been writing on to the lady behind the camera and asks her to "take it down to mummy please!".
(Image: Somerset Live WS)
There's then a conversation about how tiring writing is, before Harmonie-Rose leans back and declares she's going to have a "little lie down".
In March last year, Harmonie-Rose made her acting debut on BBC's Call the Midwife .
Then three, she played a victim of Thalidomide, medication that was found to harm the development of unborn babies and cause serious birth defects.
Mum Freya said: "Harmonie loved it, she didn't stop smiling.
"She felt like a little celebrity.
Monday, January 2, 2017 at 7:26 am |
Somali policemen walk through the rubble after a suicide attack at a checkpoint outside the main base of an African Union peacekeeping force in the Somali capital Mogadishu, Monday. (Reuters/Feisal Omar)
MOGADISHU (Reuters) - At least three people were killed when a suicide attacker set off a car bomb at a checkpoint outside the main base of an African Union peacekeeping force in the Somali capital on Monday, police said.
There was no immediate claim of responsibility.
Islamist al Shabaab terrorists, who want to topple the Western-backed government, have carried out similar attacks in the past.
“So far we know three of the security forces died. We believe al Shabaab is behind the attack,” Mohamed Ahmed, a police officer, told Reuters.
He said the death toll was likely to go up because the bomb was powerful and it had caused damage even to nearby residential buildings.
A Reuters photographer at the scene saw the burnt-out shell of the bomber's car and another vehicle nearby on fire.
Nearly 300 members of Somalia's federal parliament were sworn in last week and they are expected to pick a new president.
The inquest into the death of a murdered Leeds teenager was opened and adjourned this morning.
Wakefield Coroner's Court heard that Raheem Omar Wilks, 19, died after receiving a gunshot wound to the chest in a barber's shop in Gathorne Terrace on January 26 this year.
Temporary detective inspector Shaun Bartram confirmed to the court that a post-mortem of Mr Wilks, of Roundhay Grove, Chapeltown, had been carried out.
Mr Wilks received a gunshot wound to the chest before he died in hospital, the court heard.
David Hinchliff, senior coroner for West Yorkshire, adjourned the inquest to await the outcome of criminal proceedings relating to Mr Wilks's death.
Two people have been charged with his murder and will stand trial on October 16.
Plumber Mr Wilks was the brother of Leeds United player Mallik Wilks.
His body will now be released so that his funeral can take place.
Karl Robinson heaped praise on hat-trick hero Josh Magennis after the striker helped his side claim an emphatic 4-1 win over Bristol Rovers.
Goals either side of half-time from the Northern Ireland international had edged the Addicks in front after Jermaine Easter gave the visitors an early lead.
Jorge Teixeira scored his first of the season to extend the winning margin before Magennis completed the rout with his hat-trick goal.
Robinson lauded the striker's work-rate all over the pitch.
“It was the big man's answer to cap it off like he did,” he explained. “What people didn't see was that during the second half he ran back 70 yards to make a tackle on the edge of our box and was dead on his feet. I was going to bring him off and he said “don't you dare.”
“I thought their goal came against the run of play. That's the first time for a while I've seen us dominate possession of the football. Every time we lost it we ran to get it back. To play two games in three days and put that second-half performance in was outstanding.”
Youngsters Ezri Konsa and Joe Aribo excelled in midfield for the hosts, with the latter providing three assists to bring his total to four in two games.
Robinson said that the players are bound to earn comparisons with one of his starlets during his time at Milton Keynes.
“It's brave to play two young players of that age in central midfield,” said the 36-year-old.
“I don't think many have had that opportunity to do it. They were on another planet today. They're as good as I've seen for a long time. Everyone is going to look at those two and their shape size and athleticism and you know who they're going to be linked to – Dele Alli. The kids are outstanding. I'm really excited to work with these young players.”
The Charlton manager, who recorded his first win at The Valley, said he rewarded the players as they returned to the dressing room with a celebratory tipple.
“When can you not love winning at The Valley?” he beamed.
“I've just bought them all a beer in the dressing room. I know it's not a modern thing to do but they didn't have a drink over Christmas. So when they went in, there was a beer by all their places to say Happy Christmas, Happy New Year and well done from myself.
“Some of the young lads, and I don't think they're old enough to drink yet, wanted all those silly alco pops but they're only getting a good old pint of beer from me. The players mentality today was outstanding.”
It's been a year of changes for Deanna Molinaro.
The 25-year-old — a student, an artist, an aspiring costume designer and a volunteer — suffers from a rare genetic disease called dystrophic epidermolysis bullosa (known as EB). People afflicted with the disease lack the proteins that bind skin together, leaving it weak and prone to damage.
Throughout her life, Molinaro has dealt with the effects of her EB — one of the most painful diseases known to medicine — including managing the excruciating sores that cover ninety per cent of her body.
When the Spectator last checked in with Molinaro in February 2017, she was working on finishing her visual arts degree at Sheridan College and continuing to promote awareness of EB.
Those diagnosed with the disease are known as “butterfly children” because their bodies are so fragile.
Since that time, there have been triumphs — Molinaro has graduated from her program and is officially launching her career as a freelance artist — but there have also been difficulties.
In June 2017, Molinaro's right arm was amputated at the elbow after doctors discovered she had developed two types of skin cancer (another side effect of her EB). Doctors discovered the cancer in May of last year, and within weeks, Molinaro was scheduled for surgery.
"It all happened so fast. There's been so much going on — there's been a lot of adjustment," she said. "I was always dominant with my right, and now I've switched over to my left. It's just the little things now — picking up a cup is the most annoying thing in the world. And I always drop my phone now, even more than I did before."
Molinaro is in the process of being fitted for a robotic prosthesis, which will allow her to perform the daily tasks that have become a struggle without the use of her dominant hand. The prosthesis would allow her more dexterity than before the amputation — because of the way her skin heals, Molinaro's fingers have been permanently fused together and covered in scar tissue since she was a child.
"It will allow me to do more," she said.
As EB is a progressive disease, the life expectancy for someone who suffers from it is 25. Those diagnosed with the disease are known as "butterfly children" because their bodies are so fragile.
RENO COUNTY— A Kansas chemical plant continued operation north of Sterling on Monday following Thursday's fire that destroyed a building.
The fire at Jacam Chemicals broke out around 9 a.m. in a building used to produce a clay product for the oil drilling industry.
While the material was not explosive or hazardous, it did burn hot enough to cause the large metal building to collapse. There were no injuries.
Jacam does plan to rebuild that area of the plant and will move the six employees displaced from their jobs by the fire to other duties, according to company spokesperson Laura Snyder.
Cause of the fire is still under investigation.
HOWES CAVE — The largest manufacturer in Schoharie County, NY has been sold to a Massachusetts firm that plans to expand the workforce here.
Kintz Plastics, founded in 1976 by Wynn Kintz of Niskayuna, is now part of Universal Plastics Group of Holyoke. Kintz's son Allen, who has been running the company since his father developed debilitating health problems, said he will remain with Universal as a sales executive.
Like Kintz, Universal Plastics Group is a family-owned custom plastic fabricator. It consists of three plastics manufacturing businesses: Universal Plastics Corp. (two facilities in Massachusetts and now one in New York dedicated to custom thermoforming); Sajar Plastics (gas assist injection molding, straight injection molding and structural foam molding) based in Middlefield, Ohio; and Premium Plastic Solutions (custom blow molding) based in Latrobe, Pennsylvania.
SA Post Office chief executive Mark Barnes says he is pleased with the deal Sapo has struck with the SA Social Security Agency to administer social grants next year.
“We have two arms of the state now coming together to provide a service. To me the logic is compelling.
“The payment of social grants is not a business‚ it's a service and so we have this under-utilised infrastructure owned by the state which is currently occupied by the Post Office‚” Barnes said on Radio 702 on Monday.
He said it made economic and strategic sense for social grants to be administered by the Post Office.
Asked if the Post Office was capable of providing the service‚ Barnes said: “All the performance indicators at the Post Office are up quite significantly. We are an operating bank which has operating standards with which we comply‚ which are as good and in some cases better than the banking industry standards.”
The Standing Committee on Public Accounts (Scopa)‚ also welcomed the deal between Sassa and the Post Office.
WASHINGTON—U.S. President Donald Trump is renewing his attack on the “fake news media” amid the widening controversy surrounding the ouster of his national security adviser and talk of Congress investigations of purported Russian meddling in the U.S. presidential election last year.
Trump posted a pre-dawn message on his verified Twitter account Wednesday complaining, “The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred.” He said, “This Russian connection non-sense is merely an attempt to cover up the many mistakes made in Hillary Clinton's losing campaign.”
He added in the post that “@MSNBC & @CNN are unwatchable. @foxandfriends is great!”
Read the latest news on U.S. President Donald Trump
The latest tweet follows a pattern of social media messages that Trump has sent, chastising news organizations both during his campaign for the White House and in the more than three weeks since his inauguration.
Call it a perfect storm. Most university and college students move away from home to attend school for the first time in their late teens or early 20s — the exact age range when the majority of mental-health issues tend to surface.
That can leave students who are in crisis trying to navigate a complicated health-care system in a strange city, without friends or family to support them.
As the Star's Peter Goffin reports, demand for mental health services at Canadian post-secondary institutions has reached an all-time high. But schools don't seem to be prepared to meet the growing need, a failure that can have grave consequences.
While no university or college can meet the full spectrum of students' mental health needs, schools can and must do more to improve existing supports.
That's why even the $6-million boost in annual funding announced last May for college and university mental-health services is so important.
More and more people are riding the bus in Guelph, new numbers from the city show.
In September, there were 759,053 trips taken on Guelph Transit, an increase of 44 per cent over the same time in 2016, when there were 524,694 trips. There was also a 15-per-cent increase in the number of fare-paying riders.
“The numbers clearly show that last month's route realignment is off to an impressive start and that we're meeting our goal to put buses where and when people need them the most,” states Mike Spicer, Guelph Transit's general manager, in a news release announcing the new stats.
“This is great news for Guelph Transit and the entire city,” adds Mayor Cam Guthrie in the same news release.
