By Evelyn Usman
In a move to tackle maritime terrorism in the Gulf of Guinea, the Nigerian Navy, NN, in collaboration with six other Navies within and outside the zone, yesterday, embarked on a sea exercise as part of event to commemorate Nigerian Navy's 62nd anniversary.
Chief of Defence Staff, General Gabriel Olonishakin, flagged off the NN Regional Maritime Exercise, nicknamed Exercise Eku Kugbe(meaning cooperation in Isoko) at the Naval Dockyard, Victoria Island, Lagos.
He said: “Exercises of this nature are critical towards sustaining the resources and huge potentials of the Gulf of Guinea.
“Sadly, the potentials of the Gulf of Guinea are constantly undermined by domestic, cross border and trans-national threats that limit economic development of the region, with adverse political consequences.
“Major threats like piracy and attacks on shipping have become predominant in the region, with negative consequences on the economy and overall well being of Gulf of Guinea nations. ”
According to him, the exercise, as part of proactive measures by the Economic Committee of Central African States, ECCAS, and Economic Community of West African States, ECOWAS, has established maritime security mechanisms.
Earlier, Chief of Naval Staff, Vice Admiral Ibok-Ete Ibas, disclosed that 12 Nigerian Navy ships and one each from Cameroon, Ghana, Togo, China, France and Portugal would participate in the exercise that would end today.
As teachers, yesterday, marked World Teachers Day, Senator representing Enugu North Senatorial District, Chukwuka Utazi has maintained that teachers in Nigeria should be paid before lawmakers and other public servants.
Speaking through Order 43 of Senate Rules, the lawmaker decried the pathetic condition of Nigerian teachers, saying that nobody wants to take to teaching profession anymore.
He lashed at how Nigeria elites chase teachers around the globe by spending so much money in sending their wards abroad, leaving teachers in Nigeria with difficulties.
“Mr. President, distinguished colleagues, I am saying this with all sense of responsibility that Nigerians should be encouraged in the teaching profession”, he said.
“In today's society, people believe that the teaching profession is not a lucrative one and I know that we are getting it wrong at that. That is why most of us here spend so much money in sending our children from this part of the globe to another in search of teachers”, he added.
Utazi wondered how basic salaries of teachers were not often paid, thereby, discouraging people from the teaching profession.
He warned that if nothing was done, there would be dearth of teachers in Nigeria in the nearest future.
On his part, Senate President, Bukola Saraki expressed hope that there will be a roundtable discussion to discuss issues relating to the teaching profession in Nigeria.
Similarly, the lawmaker representing Degema Constituency in the Rivers State House of Assembly, Hon. Farah Dagogo has applauded the resourcefulness and invaluable contributions of teachers over the years to nation building.
Dagogo observed that the functions of teachers were paramount towards national development, and as such, they deserve a fair deal in the scheme of things, especially in the area of improved welfare.
The lawmaker, who is also the chairman, Education Committee of the House, made this known in a statement marking the 2017 Teachers Day.
While commending the state government for its untiring efforts towards bettering the lots of teachers, he pointed out that nothing done for teachers can commensurate with the knowledge they impart on students.
“It is an indisputable fact that teachers are the core bedrock of how a society will fare. The knowledge they impart has turned out to be a potent instrument they wilfully churn out, which has conversely contributed immensely to nation building.
“It is then imperative that all of us, who are beneficiaries of this uncommon good that cuts across every facet of our society, recognise our teachers' roles in our lives, and contribute our quota.
“As the theme for this year's celebration aptly titled ‘Teaching in Freedom, Empowering Teachers' shows, we owe it a duty to make meaningful contributions that will give teachers a sense of belonging in their profession as well as secure their future,” a part of the statement reads.
He further enjoined teachers to horn their skills on Information and Communications Technology (ICT), noting that literacy might not likely be determined by the ability to read and write, but by how well people were able to use technology to solve problems around them.
Charlottesville Mayor Mike Signer, right, gestures during a news conference concerning the white nationalist rally and violence as Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe, center, and Virginia Secretary of Public safety Brian Moran, left, listen in Charlottesville, Va., Saturday, Aug. 12, 2017.
A day after a tense white nationalist gathering in his city turned deadly, Charlottesville, Virginia, Mayor Michael Signer identified the civilian casualty — and expressed his displeasure with how President Donald Trump carried himself during the 2016 presidential campaign, NBC News reported.
“Old saying: when you dance with the devil, the devil doesn't change, the devil changes you,” Signer said on Sunday's “Meet The Press,” explaining why he previously said on Saturday that he hopes President Trump “looks himself in the mirror and thinks very deeply about who he consorted with.”
“I think they made a choice in that campaign,” Signer continued. “A very regrettable one, to really go to people's prejudices, to go to the gutter.”
Singer said "these influences around the country, these anti-Semites, racists, Aryans, neo-Nazis, KKK," people who were "always in the shadows" have "been given a key and a reason to come into the light."
The mayor also named Heather Heyer, 32, as the woman who killed when a driver rammed his car into a group of anti-racist protesters demonstrating against an alt-right and white nationalist rally.
Eco barge Clean Seas Inc releasing a turtle on Cannonvale Beach this morning who was suffering from float from ingesting fishing line.
Eco barge Clean Seas Inc releasing a turtle on Cannonvale Beach this morning who was suffering from float from ingesting fishing line. Jessica Lamb
THERE were tears, hugs and claps as 'Ferny' the adult green sea turtle was declared healthy and released into Whitsunday waters off Cannonvale Beach this morning.
More than 100 community members gathered around Eco Barge Clean Seas Inc volunteers who had been caring for the female turtle suffering from float since before Christmas last year.
Volunteer Libby Edge said Ferny was rescued off Bluff Point where she was unable to dive (also known as 'float') because she had a mass of fishing line in her stomach.
"We x-rayed Ferny to make sure there were no hooks and then feed her some laxatives to pass the fishing line,” she said.
"We are releasing her here because it is right next to her feeding ground.”
Months on and Ferny has made a full recovery, able to now dive and feed.
At exactly 11am with nostrils flaring as she could smell the salt of home calling; Ferny slipped away into the blue off Cannonvale Beach and even flipped her fin in the air as if to wave goodbye to the crowd.
MS Edge said she had invited the community along today to make people aware of the dangers of fishing line on marine life.
"There has been a spike in injuries caused by fishing line in the last year and a half and seeing Ferny today hopefully people become more mindful,” she said.
"Things like when you get a snag, pulling as much line in as you can, reduce the amount of fishing line in our waterways and be aware that when fishing turtles do get caught in your lines.”
Just as the words had left MS Edge's mouth as if to accentuate her point, one of Eco Barge's youngest volunteers, Billie Edge, came over holding a fishing line and hook she had found metres away from the release spot on Cannonvale Beach.
Eco Barge Clean Seas members Hayley Edge, Libby Edge, Billie Edge and Fiona Broadbent holding up a fishing line and hook they found on Cannonvale beach this morning while they were releasing a turtle who was suffering from float from ingesting fishing line. Jessica Lamb
"I think you can see how much this means to us - there are at least three people still crying,” MS Edge said.
"It was an amazing moment and it is an honour to care for the beautiful creatures.
"Today is an example of why we do what we do.”
In 2017 Eco Barge rescued 10 turtles, to find out more about this organisation visit their website: https://www.ecobargecleanseas.org.au/ .
If you were snapped at the turtle release today make sure you check out the Whitsunday Times this week.
MIAMI (WSVN) - It's nearly time to start shopping for Halloween costumes, but you don't have to look further than recent silver screen hits and the news cycle for inspiration.
7News went to La Casa De Los Trucos in Little Havana to find the latest costume styles. Phantasmagoric displays greet customers who walk into the Little Havana shop.
“You want to go to a place that has a large selection,” said store manager Jorge Torres. “You want to go to a place that's going to give you options.”
The Calle Ocho institution has been dressing folks for the spooky holiday for more than 45 years.
More often than not, Torres said, customers want to step into the shoes of a well-known film character. “The most popular costumes are always movie costumes,” he said.
Torres singled out Disney's live action “Beauty and the Beast” as being a popular choice this fall. “This is the mask that moves when you talk,” he said as he showed a lifelike Beast costume.
The global smash has also inspired gender-bending looks. “This is called ‘Beauty is a Beast,'” said Torres as he held up a yellow gown with straps that's actually meant for male revelers.
“The woman can dress up as The Beast,” said Torres as he showed a photo of a skimpy outfit inspired by Disney's furry prince.
Torres said superheroes are also big this year. “Spider-Man is the other one that's huge this year,” said Torres, referring to Marvel's summer reboot “Spider-Man Homecoming.”
Costumes of DC heroes like Batman and Superman are also expected to sell well, ahead of their upcoming screen adventure “Justice League,” set to hit theaters Nov. 17., and in the wake of the summer release of the first live-action “Wonder Woman” feature.
Adults are getting in on the action, but there are also plenty of options for children. “It's called ‘Five Nights at Freddy's.' It's extremely popular with the boys,” said Torres.
Girls, on the other hand, are showing an interest in costumes from the Disney Channel's “Descendants” movies.
Then there are costumes for the whole family, like the characters from the “Despicable Me” trilogy. “You can dress up your kids as Minions, and you can dress up your dog as a Minion,” said Torres.
For revelers aiming to combine politics and pop culture, there's a costume that trumps the rest. “What's huge this year, and I do mean ‘yuge,' is the ‘Presidential Piggyback,'” said Torres. “They say imitation is the sincerest form of flattery.”
But whether you're looking to flatter or turn heads this year, Torres said, there's one thing most important when it comes this Halloween. “People need to have fun, and Halloween is a time where people have fun,” he said.
The Force will also be strong this year, and not because of an upcoming “Star Wars” film coming out in December. The National Retail Federation predicts U.S. shoppers will spend a record $9.1 billion on Halloween shopping, with the average costume costing more than $86.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Former senator Ramon Revilla Jr., who is detained for plunder over the pork barrel scam, on Thursday asked for prayers for his 90-year old father and namesake, who is back at the hospital for a heart procedure.
Revilla arrived at the Sandiganbayan First Division courtroom and signed the pre-trial order, paving the way for the court to proceed with the full-blown trial for plunder of Revilla and the accused scam mastermind Janet Lim-Napoles.
In an interview with reporters, Revilla asked for prayers for a successful heart procedure of his father, former senator Ramon Revilla Sr. who is confined at the St. Luke's Medical Center in Bonifacio Global City.
ADVERTISEMENT
He said he has asked the court to grant him furlough from detention to visit his father. The court had earlier granted his similar requests to visit his father in the past.
“Nasa hospital siya ngayon. May procedure na gagawin sa kanya on Monday (He's in the hospital rught now. He will undergo a procedure on Monday). That's why I have to be there on Monday para suporta sa kanya (to support him),” Revilla said.
“Kaya't humihiling tayo sa mga kababayan natin na kung maaari konting panalangin po na malagpasan niya itong procedure na ito (I'm asking the public for prayers so that he safely undergoes this procedure). Heart procedure,” he added.
In his urgent motion for furlough, Revilla asked the court to be granted furlough on June 19, from 9 a.m. to 12 noon, and on June 20, from 2 p.m. to 8 p.m.
Revilla Sr., 90, is being treated for valvular heart disease, severe mitral regurgitation, congestive heart failure, and NYHA FC II, according to his son's urgent motion.
Revilla Sr. will undergo percutaneous mitralclip on June 19, “a medical procedure which involves considerable risk to a frail 90-year old man,” the motion added.
“Accused Revilla feels obliged to come to the aid of his father, who is very close to him, even by his mere presence, and cannot disregard a son's natural urge and desire to visit and be with his ailing and weak father, and spend a few moments together, to provide Senator Revilla Sr. the needed assurance and support,” the motion stated.
Revilla and Napoles attended the scheduled signing at the Sandiganbayan First Division of the pre-trial order that ran up to 764 pages.
ADVERTISEMENT
The court gave the green light for the signing after both parties finally agreed on the facts stated in the order after a grueling two years of preliminary conference and pre-trial spent for the marking of documents and stipulation of facts.
The pre-trial order is an outline of the documentary evidence and witnesses that would serve as a guide for the trial proper.
Revilla surrendered and was detained at the Philippine National Police Custodial Center in 2014 for plunder for allegedly pocketing P224.5 million in kickbacks from his Priority Development Assistance Funds (PDAF) in the scheme of using the pork barrel fund in ghost projects by mastermind Napoles.
Also detained for plunder is Revilla's colleague, former senator Jinggoy Estrada, who was denied bail while accused of pocketing P183.7-million kickbacks. Former senator Juan Ponce Enrile, now out on bail, is accused of receiving P172.8-million kickbacks.
Napoles meanwhile is detained at Camp Bagong Diwa in Taguig, after she was acquitted of her case for serious illegal detention.
Their plunder and graft charges were filed with the Sandiganbayan by the Office of the Special Prosecutor in June 2014. It was only this year when the plunder cases reached the trial stage. JE
Venus flytraps in danger of being loved to death (Photo: Kirsten Gutierrez/WWAY)
CAROLINA BEACH, NC (WWAY) — The Carolina Beach State Park is a popular place for visitors and locals to enjoy. However, some species living in the park, like Venus Flytraps, are in danger.
“In some regards, people are loving them to death,” Carolina Beach State Park Superintendent, Chris Helms said.
With nearly 750.000 people from across the country visiting the park, the plant is becoming more and more vulnerable.
“They get trampled on occasion, they get stomped. We have on occasion poaching,” Helms said.
That is why the park, along with the Leave No Trace Center for Outdoor Ethics, and Wilmington's National Center for Outdoor & Adventure Education, are hosting several events this weekend. All to raise awareness about the park and vulnerable species like the Venus Flytrap.
“It's one of 16 different areas all across the country that have been designated as a place that is in danger of being loved to death,” Leave No Trace Traveling Trainer, Andy Mossey said. “So a lot of people are getting outside, it's really great to see. And with all those different people getting outside we're seeing a lot of impacts to the area.”
One major thing the park and volunteers worked on Thursday was revamping the area with designated pathways and planting more Venus Flytraps where visitors can see them.
“We're trying to keep people on the trail and avoid trampling these really sensitive plants. They could take years to become fully mature,” Mossey said. “But it's up to every single one of us to do our part to really help protect this place.”
It is a team effort to protect the plant for future generations.
“You don't go to the Amazon, you don't go to some foreign destination to see a Venus Flytrap. They're right here in the backyard of folks that live in Wilmington,” Helms said.
The events to raise awareness for the park and Venus Flytraps kick off Friday, October 5, and run until Monday, October 7. They are free and open to the public.
0:47 Great white shark caught on video in Morro Bay Pause
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
0:41 Cal Poly Rose Parade float heads to Pasadena under the cover of darkness
0:31 On election night, Heidi Harmon shared her goals for SLO
2:42 Trump's White House
2:30 Rep. Mick Mulvaney to Epipen CEO: 'You get what you deserve'
1:58 After fire, SLO-Botics team uses French Hospital space to regroup for competition
0:44 How an officer can tell whether a driver is stoned
COOL KARTS: Youngsters aged 9 and underline up for their qualifying race at the Lismore Kart Club's August event. These skilled youngsters can get to speeds of 90kmh on the straight.
ROARING down the straight at 90kmh there's no room for error in kart racing.
As they zoom around corners and effortlessly negotiate the twists and corners of the Lismore Kart Club's course, it's hard to believe these drivers are not old enough to even get their learner's permit to drive on the roads.
When other kids are still building toy cars, these future Jack Brabhams' are experienced at changing gears, fixing engines and understanding the rules of racing.
While the youngsters were the warm-up act for the Hot Shots event which saw drivers over 15 years take pole position, their talent is undeniable.
Photos View Photo Gallery
On Sunday, 71 racing drivers from afar as Sydney, Newcastle and Queensland gathered to compete on what many senior kart racing officials declare to be one of the best tracks in the country.
Ipswich Kart Club's Benjamin McLeod, 14, was pumped about getting out on the track in the KA4 Junior Light class.
Like many athletes, the Ben uses a camera fixed in the front of his kart in order to record his races and review progress.
"My dad who races cars and karts goes through them with me and we pick up on where I can improve," he said.
Club director Barry Fisher said he was impressed with the dedication of the club's officials and drivers and their families..
"Karting attracts drivers of all ages, with youngsters as young as seven years of age drive up to 90kmh on the straight," Mr Fisher said.
" Our adult drivers are just as passionate about racing and they can achieve speeds of up to 120kmh."
Mr Fisher who helped found the LKC nearly 50 years ago, is proud of the family atmosphere which sees kids, parents, siblings, grandparents friends and extended family all come together to enjoy the high-octane sport.
He's a good case in point with his wife, daughters and their families including three grandsons, all involved either as drivers, machnaics or officials.
He said the LKC holds events over 11 months of the year and for every racing driver who travels to Lismore to compete, there's often and another two or people as well.
"Our racing events attract drivers from all over the state as far as Sydney and Queensland," he said.
"These events are good for Lismore's economy because they travel here, shop here, eat out and fill-up with petrol."
Now Mr Fisher is looking ahead to October when the LKC will hold their annual come-and-try event.
"Everyone is welcome to come down and see what fun racing is all about," he said.
"It's lots of fun and we welcome new members of any age to come along and have a go."
We take a look at Louisville football's defensive statistical leaders at the end of the 2016 season after finishing 9-4.
The 2016 Louisville football season officially came to an end on Saturday with their loss to LSU in the Citrus Bowl. It was an exciting and disappointing year, that resulted in Lamar Jackson winning the 2016 Heisman Trophy and beating Florida State with College Gameday in town.
All in all, there were things that happened that we never dreamed of.
With that being said, let's take a look at the statistical leaders on the nation's 14th rated total defense:
2016 Leader In Sacks: James Hearns (8 Sacks)
James Hearns filled in for Trevon Young and absolutely killed it this season for the Cards. He was one of the main reasons why Louisville's defense was so good for most of the season, but as he cooled off, so did the Cardinals' defense.
As the season went along, injuries in the secondary forced Louisville to play some younger guys and it didn't help that Hearns and Fields couldn't generate any pressure either.
With that being said, I hope that Hearns is healing up nicely after being shot a few weeks ago. It was kind of odd to see “gunshot wound” on TV during the bowl game as the reason why he wasn't playing, but I guess that was the complete truth.
Nothing like a recruits' family seeing that on ABC for the reason why two Louisville players weren't playing.
2016 Tackles For Loss Leader: DeAngelo Brown (14 Tackles For Loss)
DeAngelo Brown had one of the best senior seasons that we could have asked for. The Cards lost a huge player in Sheldon Rankins last season and they needed someone desperately to fill the middle.
Brown didn't disappoint and led the team in tackles for loss.
Brown will now turn his focus from LSU, to making a name for himself in the National Football League. He is one of the strongest interior lineman in all college football, therefore there will be NFL teams looking to add his services in 2017.
The Cards will miss Brown's presence on the defensive line next season, as they will turn to Drew Bailey, who was fourth on the team in tackles for loss, to shut down the running game and get to the quarterback.
2016 Total Tackles Leader: Keith Kelsey (92 Total Tackles)
Just like DeAngelo Brown, Keith Kelsey just played his last game as a Louisville Cardinals football player in the Citrus Bowl. He had one of the best all-around seasons of any Louisville defender and will be sorely missed next season.
Kelsey will now have an opportunity to go play in the National Football League next season. He will try to follow in, former Louisville football player and current Buffalo Bill, Preston Brown's footsteps by becoming a very good inside linebacker in professional football.
Keith Kelsey played his best game of the season against LSU this past weekend. He finished the game with 12 total tackles and one tackle for loss.
2016 Interceptions Leader: Jaire Alexander (5 Interceptions)
Jaire Alexander became one of Louisville's breakout superstars of the 2016 season, behind Lamar Jackson of course. He led the Cards with five interceptions and also had one punt return touchdown against Florida State back in September.
Alexander also developed into one of the better cornerbacks in the entire country. There were numerous football websites that had him as one of their All-Americans because of his skills on the outside and his ability to shut down some of the NCAA's premier wide receivers.
Alexander will be looking to take his team-leading five interceptions and nine passes broken up into his junior season. Hopefully, he can continue to develop and become a candidate for defensive player of the year in 2017.
More from Big Red Louie
This article originally appeared on
Belgium coach Roberto Martinez has said Brazil is the favourites when the countries meet in a “dream” World Cup quarterfinal on Friday.
“These two teams are constructed to score and to win matches. Against Brazil, it will not be about ball possession, but what you do with it. That's what this World Cup is all about,” Martinez told reporters on Wednesday.
“We know what we are capable of but Brazil are the favourites, putting us into a different role.
“But it's a dream match for our players — they were born to play in a match like this. Naturally we want to win, but we are not expected to and that is an important difference.”
Martinez saw Belgium recover from 2-0 down to snatch a last-gasp 3-2 win over Japan in the round of 16 and book their meeting with the five-time World Cup winners.
“Against a team like Brazil, you must attack and defend with 11 players,” he said. “We are not talking about a system but understanding what we must do when we have possession.
“I don't think it will be a game with many secrets. We have to defend as well as we can and then cause them pain when we have the ball. It can be that simple, and this squad is ready for that.”
Martinez faces a tricky decision about his lineup, with Nacer Chadli and Marouane Fellaini pressing for starts after coming off the bench against Japan to turn the game around.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Wednesday approved the signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and the United Kingdom regarding cooperation between both countries in the field of law and justice and to set up a joint consultative committee.
The MoU takes care of concerns and requirements in the field of exchange of experience by legal professionals, government functionaries and their training and effective legal aid mechanism for resolution of disputes before various courts, tribunals, etc.
It also proposes the establishment of joint consultative committees.
Orlando, the Capital of Pedestrian Fatalities, Tests a New Approach to Street Design
Florida routinely ranks as one of the most dangerous states in the country for walking. And walking in Orlando is deadlier than in any other major city in Florida — and the nation.
But the city's new transportation director, Billy Hattaway, is a reformer. And he's trying to change the wide, high-speed roads that put people at risk.
First up is Curry Ford Road, which locals describe as a “race track.” The city is planning to test out a redesign using low-cost materials on half a mile of this four-lane street, according to the Jacksonville-based blog Modern Cities.
By trimming it down to two through lanes for motor vehicles with a center lane, the city will have room for curbside bike lanes separated from cars by vertical posts. A similar road diet on Orlando's Edgewater Drive (without the bike lanes) reduced traffic injuries 71 percent, but that was nearly two decades ago.
During the four-week pilot on Curry Ford Road, the city will collect data on safety, vehicle speeds, and walking and biking volumes. If the results show the redesign has made a difference, the city may extend it and make it permanent.
In addition to the Curry Ford Road project, Orlando is planning two permanent street redesigns downtown, according to the Orlando Sentinel, but those are capital projects expected to take years to implement.
Keep an eye on Hattaway's initiatives in Orlando. If this city can turn its dangerous streets into safe places to walk and bike, anywhere can.
More recommended reading today: The Bicycle Coalition of Greater Philadelphia reports thatMayor Jim Kenney has approved two long-sought protected bike lanes through Center City. And the Dallas Morning News says DART has to take bus service seriously, or else systemwide ridership will continue to decline.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI (CBSMiami) – The president of Florida Memorial University is getting ready for a meeting with President Donald Trump. She's also getting ready for some potential backlash.
Is Trump a potential best friend of historically black colleges and universities? That's what just might be in the works.
For the 1,200 students and the president of FMU, that's an intriguing prospect.
“I would like to think that any support be directed toward the historically black college and universities will be viewed as a smart investment,” said Dr. Roslyn Clark Artis.
As for Trump supporting the black universities and colleges, the editor of the Historic Black College and University Digest had an interesting response.
“We may never see stranger bedfellows generate a more positive outcome for the nation's history of race relations and minority progress,” said Jarrett Carter.
And how about dealing with Trump?
“I think in the political discourse, I think we can have differences of opinion. We can engage in intelligent dialogue and debate,” said Dr. Roslyn Clark Artis. “We are always open to a well thought out dialogue on the issues.”
Word from Washington is the president is working on an executive order supporting black universities and colleges. It's something, according to critics, former President Barack Obama did not do.
Trump is set to meet with presidents of historically black colleges and universities on February 28th.
“I would like to believe that the president's savvy, business savvy, and therefore recognizes an investment when he sees it,” said Dr. Roslyn Clark Artis.
Getty Images
OAKLAND, CA - JUNE 13: Ryan Rua #16 of the Texas Rangers celebrates with Rougned Odor #12 after hitting a two-run home run against the Oakland Athletics in the sixth inning at O.co Coliseum on June 13, 2016 in Oakland, California. (Photo by Robert Reiners/Getty Images)
“Enemy of the American people,” #DishonestMedia, “garbage journalism,” #FakeNews.
These are some of the insults hurled at journalists in recent months in efforts to discredit the work of news organizations around the country.
Today marks the start of our colleague Austin Tice's sixth year of captivity in Syria. We at McClatchy want to tell you about him and other journalists who have risked and sometimes given their lives to bring us stories that would not otherwise be told.
Some have been tortured. Several have been imprisoned. At least three were murdered – simply for doing their jobs – in the past several years alone.
Daniel Pearl, Jean-Paul Kauffmann, Michel Seurat, Jason Rezaian, James Foley, Steven Sotloff and, of course, Austin Tice. Each dedicated themselves to reporting from the most dangerous parts of the world. At a time when the media is regularly scorned, it's worth remembering their sacrifices.
Kauffmann, a French journalist, was abducted along with a colleague, Michel Seurat, while covering the long-running Lebanese civil war in Beirut in 1985. Kauffmann was held for 1,078 days; Seurat died in captivity.
Danny Pearl, a foreign correspondent for The Wall Street Journal, went to Pakistan shortly after the Sept. 11 attacks. He was investigating the alleged link between al-Qaida and British citizen Richard Reid, commonly referred to as the failed shoe bomber.
On Jan. 23, 2002, on his way to what he thought was an interview, Danny – a former Journal colleague of mine – was kidnapped. Nine days later, he was beheaded. A gruesome video was released on the internet in February of that year. He left a wife and a child born four months after his death.
Jason Rezaian, an Iranian-American journalist who worked in the Tehran bureau of The Washington Post, was taken into custody by Iranian security forces on July 22, 2014. He was indicted for espionage and propaganda, convicted in a sham of a trial in 2015, but then released on Jan. 16, 2016.
James Foley, a freelance reporter and videographer who worked for GlobalPost and other news organizations, was abducted on Nov. 22, 2012, in northwestern Syria. Two years later, ISIS videotaped his beheading and posted it on YouTube.
Steven Sotloff, an American-Israeli journalist who worked for Time magazine, CNN, Fox News and others, was captured near the Syria border on Aug. 14, 2013. On Sept. 2, 2014, two weeks after Foley's execution, ISIS released a video showing the murder of Sotloff.
And then there is Austin, whose ordeal continues to this day. A Marine Corps veteran and a freelance correspondent for McClatchy, The Washington Post and others, Austin traveled to the Mideast, found media organizations to publish his work and made his way across the border into Syria. He focused largely on what the war meant for everyday citizens there.
His reporting led to his kidnapping on Aug. 14, 2012. Video emerged five weeks after his disappearance, showing him surrounded by armed men. No one has claimed responsibility for his capture. Indications are he's being held by a branch of the Syrian government, which has denied any involvement.
The impact on his life, and that of his family (including his devoted parents Debra and Marc and his six younger brothers and sisters) has been heart-wrenching: Austin has spent much of his fourth decade (he turned 36 last Friday) as a captive. His parents, who say they recently received new evidence that he's alive, have spent every day of these five years working for his release.
These journalists come from different walks of life, but they have one thing in common. They believe in a free press and the power of journalism. Their dedication took them to parts of the world where freedoms we enjoy do not exist, where governments and terrorist organizations will do anything to subvert the truth.
In this country, freedom of expression has been a tenet since the beginning. The benefits of a strong, independent press were addressed in the founding documents of our land. More than two centuries ago, our Founding Fathers recognized that a successful republican democracy cannot succeed without a strong press to hold “governmental officials to republican values, the strengthening of community and a check upon self-aggrandizing politicians.”
And journalism's contributions are not a recent phenomenon, either. Consider Lee Miller, Robert Capa, George Stevens, John Hershey, Michael Herr and Tim Hetherington, to name just a few. They are the people who captured the images seared in our global memory … of Auschwitz and other Nazi death camps, Hiroshima, Omaha Beach, Hue and Afghanistan.
That is why it is disheartening to see the press under attack from some of our leaders who are waging an ongoing campaign against the media, going so far as to call us the enemy of the people.
Craig Forman is president and CEO of the McClatchy Co.
We at McClatchy believe that when we make mistakes, it is part of our job to acknowledge errors and to uphold the trust of our audiences and neighbors – in the case of this and our dozens of McClatchy news organizations around the country. We are mindful of that trust and try to earn and keep it every day.
But Austin? He made no such mistakes. His sole focus was to pursue truth on behalf of us all – in one of the most dangerous war zones on Earth. And that has cost him his freedom for the start of a sixth year.
Today, at the Sacramento headquarters of the McClatchy Co., we'll unveil a banner to mark the anniversary of Austin's captivity and to remind our communities of his story.
We can all be encouraged by the strong stance the Trump administration has taken to protect Americans abroad. The President's acting special envoy for hostage affairs said this week that Austin's case is a top priority. According to the New York Times, the Central Intelligence Agency has made entreaties with Syrian counterparts on Austin's behalf. Let us hope this might be the beginning of negotiations for his release.
And we hope that Austin's sacrifices resonate with all Americans. The work he has done, and the price he has paid, should be a reminder that even in a time of division and conflict, and perhaps particularly now, we rely on dedicated reporters such as Austin Tice to keep us informed.
Austin went to Syria to tell stories of real people in impossible situations. He has taught us all what it means to risk your life for liberty. It is time for his country to do what it takes to end his long ordeal and bring him home.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Wild bees, such as bumblebees, don't get as much love as honeybees, but they should. They play just as crucial a role in pollinating many fruits, vegetables, and wildflowers, and compared to managed colonies of honeybees, they're in much greater jeopardy.
A group of scientists in the United Kingdom decided to look at how bumblebee queens are affected by some widely used and highly controversial pesticides known as neonicotinoids. What they found isn't pretty.
Neonics, as they're often called, are applied as a coating on the seeds of some of the most widely grown crops in the country, including corn, soybeans, and canola. These pesticides are "systemic" — they move throughout the growing plants. Traces of them end up in pollen, which bees consume. Neonicotinoid residues also have been found in the pollen of wildflowers growing near fields and in nearby streams.
The scientists, based at Royal Holloway University of London, set up a laboratory experiment with bumblebee queens. They fed those queens a syrup containing traces of a neonicotinoid pesticide called thiamethoxam, and the amount of the pesticide, they say, was similar to what bees living near fields of neonic-treated canola might be exposed to.
Bumblebee queens exposed to the pesticide were 26 percent less likely to lay eggs, compared to queens that weren't exposed to the pesticide. The team published their findings in the journal Nature Ecology and Evolution.
"Without the queen laying eggs, there is no colony," says Nigel Raine, one of the scientists who conducted the experiment. Raine helped start the experiment, but has since moved to the University of Guelph in Canada.
According to Raine and his colleagues, the reduction in reproduction is so large that wild bumblebee populations exposed to these chemicals could enter a spiral of decline and eventually die out.
"To me, based on the data we have, it seems like quite a big impact," Raine says.
But he says scientists don't know how harmful the pesticide exposure is in the wild, compared to other perils the bees face, such as disappearing wildflowers that bees rely on for food. "I don't think we have a really good handle on how important, say, nutrition limitation is — if they can't find the right flowers. Or parasite loads. I'd say [neonic exposure] is important and significant, but other factors may be important and significant, too," he says.
The results are likely to strengthen calls for further restrictions on use of the pesticides. The European Union imposed a temporary moratorium on use of neonicotinoid pesticides on many crops in 2013, and is now considering proposals to make that moratorium permanent. Pesticide companies and some farmers are fighting those restrictions. They argue that the moratorium has led to lower yields of canola and an increase in spraying of other pesticides to fight insects that previously were controlled by neonicotinoid coatings on seeds.
The star-packed Grammys always deliver some of the most outlandish looks from the awards seaon.
Just cast your mind back to Jennifer Lopez's very daring low-cut Versace gown or Lady Gaga's flamboyant arrival in an egg - it's fair to say this annual affair is renowned for it's less formal, more avant-garde styles.
And this year was no different, with the fashion barometer hitting both the high and low ends of the scale as music's movers and shakers donned an array of bold colours, dazzling metallics, sultry lace and leather designs and sexy sequins.
Like them or loathe them, one thing is certain and that is that the Grammy Awards do not disappoint in the fashion stakes.
Check out our gallery above for some of the style triumphs and a few of the outright fashion disasters.
As always, if you have any fashion queries or need help locating a fashion item or accessory contact 'Style Diary' at amcginley@gulfnews.com
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws Pause
0:41 Cal Poly Rose Parade float heads to Pasadena under the cover of darkness
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
0:44 How an officer can tell whether a driver is stoned
0:07 Timelapse video: Watch Cal Poly students decorate their 2017 Rose Parade float
1:40 A look back at SLO startup Shopatron, as Kibo announces local layoffs
1:03 Gun shop owner defends security barriers
0:46 Nephew shares memories of David Fear, who died in Grover Beach dog attack
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
Congress president Rahul Gandhi today exuded confidence that the Congress-JD(S) government in Karnataka will act on its promise of waiving farm loans in its budget and make the state a “beacon of hope” for farmers in the country.
Chief Minister H D Kumaraswamy will present the state budget tomorrow.
“On the eve of the Karnataka Budget, I'm confident our Congress-JDS coalition Government will act on our commitment to waive farmer loans and to make farming more profitable.
“This budget is an opportunity for our Government to make Karnataka a beacon of hope for farmers all across India,” he tweeted.
The Kumaraswamy-led Congress-JD(S) government is expected to announce a crop loan waiver in its budget to relieve farmers of their distress due to drought for successive years.
Warner Bros. feels the heat as it bets on Harry Potter spinoff Warner Bros. Pictures is out this week teasing its next Harry Potter spinoff. But “Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them” won't hit theaters until Nov. 18, 2016. For many...
5 times Hollywood has angered foreign governments Don't expect a bootleg DVD of “The Interview” to be on North Koreans' gift lists. The Seth Rogen/James Franco comedy about the assassination of Kim Jong-un was pulled from the...
Small fortunes at stake for movie studios For the studios, the Oscars are about halo effect, bragging rights and talent retention — but they're mainly about money. A nomination, or a win, can have a huge effect...
Yesterday, American Girl announced it would be releasing six new characters in 2017, one of which will be the first ever boy doll.
His name is Logan Everett and he sports perfect boy-band brown hair, a hipster T-shirt and dark-wash jeans:
For the first time in its 30+ year history, @American_Girl will release an American Boy doll. Meet Logan Everett. https://t.co/6MCWxeZYmN pic.twitter.com/bZaJvv6MH0 — Ξvan Ross Katz (@evanrosskatz) February 14, 2017
It comes as no surprise that Logan plays drums in his friend (another newcomer) Tenney Grant's band.
Both dolls will be available starting 2/16 on American Girl's website.
According to nytimes.com, Logan Everett is the latest push by Mattel to create more contemporary figures and stories for American Girl, and to further diversify the line of the dolls in hopes of improving sales.
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
— Protesters decrying hatred and racism converged around the country, saying they felt compelled to counteract the white supremacist rally that spiraled into deadly violence in Virginia.
The gatherings Sunday spanned from anti-fascist protests in San Francisco to a march to President Donald Trump's home in New York.
Some focused on showing support for the people whom white supremacists condemn. Other demonstrations were pushing for the removal of Confederate monuments, the issue that initially prompted white nationalists to gather in anger this weekend in Charlottesville, Virginia. Still other gatherings aimed to denounce fascism and a presidential administration that organizers feel has empowered white supremacists.
"People need to wake up, recognize that and resist it as fearlessly as it needs to be done," said Carl Dix, a leader of the Refuse Fascism group organizing demonstrations in New York, San Francisco and other cities. "This can't be allowed to fester and to grow because we've seen what happened in the past when that was allowed."
"It has to be confronted," said Dix, a New Yorker who spoke by phone from Charlottesville on Sunday afternoon. He had gone there to witness and deplore the white nationalist rally on Saturday that spiraled into bloodshed.
In Seattle, a rally previously planned for Sunday by the conservative pro-Trump group known as Patriot Prayer drew hundreds of counterprotesters. Police arrested three men and confiscated weapons as Trump supporters and counter-protesters converged downtown.
A barricade separated the two groups as police officers stood by dressed in riot gear. Police said they used pepper spray and blast balls to disperse crowds after fireworks were thrown at officers. In a statement, police said they observed some people in the counterprotest carrying axe handles and two-by fours as they infiltrated the hundreds of peaceful demonstrators.
In Denver, several hundred demonstrators gathered beneath a statue of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. in City Park and marched about 2 miles (3.22 kilometers) to the state Capitol. In Fort Collins, Colorado, marchers chanted "Everyone is welcome here. No hate, no fear." One demonstrator's sign said, "Make racists ashamed again."
In New York, protesters marched from several locations in Manhattan to Trump Tower, demanding the president denounce white nationalist groups involved in the violent confrontations in Charlottesville. One sign read: "Call out evil."
Helen Rubenstein, 62, was among hundreds of people who marched through downtown Los Angeles. She said her parents were Holocaust survivors, and she's worried that extremist views were becoming normal under Trump's presidency.
"I blame Donald Trump 100 percent because he emboldened all these people to incite hate, and they are now promoting violence and killing," Rubenstein said.
Charlottesville descended into violence Saturday after neo-Nazis, skinheads, Ku Klux Klan members and other white nationalists gathered to "take America back" and oppose plans to remove a Confederate statue in the Virginia college town, and hundreds of other people came to protest the rally. The groups clashed in street brawls, with hundreds of people throwing punches, hurling water bottles and beating each other with sticks and shields.
Eventually, a car rammed into a peaceful crowd of anti-white-nationalist protesters, killing 32-year-old Heather Heyer. A Virginia State Police helicopter deployed in a large-scale response to the violence then crashed into the woods outside of town. Both troopers on board died.
A crowd gathered on the street where the crash happened for a vigil Sunday evening. They sang "Amazing Grace" and prayed around piles of flowers that mark the spot where Heyer was killed.
Prominent white nationalist Richard Spencer, who attended the rally, denied all responsibility for the violence. He blamed the counter-protesters and police.
Trump condemned what he called an "egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides," a statement that Democrats and some of the president's fellow Republicans saw as equivocating about who was to blame. The White House later added that the condemnation "includes white Supremacists, KKK, neo-Nazi and all extremist groups."
Some of the white nationalists at Saturday's rally cited Trump's victory, after a campaign of racially charged rhetoric, as validation for their beliefs. Some of the people protesting Sunday also point to the president and his campaign, saying they gave license to racist hatred that built into what happened in Charlottesville.
"For those who questioned whether 'oh, don't call it fascism' ... this should resolve those issues," Reiko Redmonde, an organizer of a Refuse Fascism protest planned in San Francisco, said by phone. "People need to get out in the streets to protest, in a determined way."
___
Peltz reported from New York. Associated Press writers Dake Kang in Florence, Kentucky; Jonathan Drew in Durham, North Carolina; Jennifer Kay in Miami Beach, Florida, and Holly Ramer in Concord, New Hampshire; and Dan Elliott in Denver contributed to this report.
___
This story has been corrected to show the last name of the San Francisco protest organizer is Redmonde, not Redmond.
Claiming vindication and straining to derail the Russia probe, President Donald Trump declassified a top secret congressional memo Friday, and suggested it proved the investigation of his presidential campaign was fatally flawed. Democrats said the document did nothing to clear him or his campaign, and the FBI called the memo inaccurate and incomplete.
Butting heads just as they had before the memo's release, Trump and his critics stuck to the positions they had staked out in the weeks leading up to the hotly disputed release of the memo prepared by Republicans on the House intelligence committee. The memo makes their case — and Trump's — that abuses in the early stages of the FBI's investigation made it worse than worthless.
The Democrats, having none of it, said the four-page memo merely cherry-picks Republican talking points in an effort to smear law enforcement and undercut the current federal investigation by special counsel Robert Mueller. Rep. Adam Schiff, the committee's top Democrat, said the GOP document "mischaracterizes highly sensitive classified information" and its release "will do long-term damage to the intelligence community and our law enforcement agencies."
The memo's central premise is that the FBI relied excessively on anti-Trump research funded by Democrats in seeking a warrant to monitor the communications of a Trump campaign associate and that federal authorities concealed the full details of who was paying for the information.
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for unlimited digital access to our website, apps, the digital newspaper and more. SUBSCRIBE NOW
The disclosure of the document is extraordinary since it involves details about surveillance of Americans, national security information the government regards as among its most highly classified. Its release is likely to further escalate an intra-government conflict that has divide the White House and his hand-picked law enforcement leaders.
Trump, who lashed out at the FBI and Justice Department Friday morning, refused to express confidence in Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, who appointed Mueller and is mentioned by name in the memo.
Asked if he was more likely to fire Rosenstein, and if he still had confidence in him, Trump retorted. "You figure that one out."
A senior White House official said later the administration expects Rosenstein to remain in his job.
Trump has been telling confidants he believed the memo would validate his concerns that the FBI and Justice Department conspired against him. Though the document had been classified since it deals with warrants obtained from the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, the White House declassified it Friday and sent it to the intelligence committee chairman, Republican Rep. Devin Nunes, for immediate release.
The development also comes amid an ongoing effort by Trump and congressional Republicans to discredit the investigation by Mueller that focuses not only on whether the Trump campaign coordinated with Russia but also on whether the president sought to obstruct justice. Republicans seized on the memo's allegations to argue that the FBI's investigation was politically tainted from the start.
But the memo does nothing to address obstruction questions that have led Mueller to express interest in interviewing Trump. It also reveals the FBI investigation actually began in July 2016, months before the warrant was even sought, based on information involving a separate Trump aide, George Papadopoulos, who has already pleaded guilty to federal charges.
Mueller inherited the probe in May of 2017. Four people have so far been charged in his investigation.
Trump said Friday of the information in the memo: "I think it's a disgrace. What's going on in this country, I think it's a disgrace."
Earlier in the day, he tweeted, "The top Leadership and Investigators of the FBI and the Justice Department have politicized the sacred investigative process in favor of Democrats and against Republicans - something which would have been unthinkable just a short time ago. Rank & File are great people."
The memo offered the first government confirmation that the FBI in October 2016 obtained a secret surveillance warrant on a Trump campaign associate, Carter Page, on the basis that agents believed he might be an agent of a foreign power —Russia. That warrant was signed off on multiple times, including by Rosenstein.
In a statement, Page, who served as a foreign policy adviser and came on the FBI radar in 2013 as part of a separate counterintelligence probe, said, "The brave and assiduous oversight by Congressional leaders in discovering this unprecedented abuse of process represents a giant, historic leap in the repair of America's democracy."
The memo asserts that opposition research conducted by a former British spy, Christopher Steele, "formed an essential part" of the initial application to receive the warrant. It's unclear how much or what information Steele collected was included in the application, or how much has been corroborated. Steele's research into Trump and Russia was compiled into a series of memos, or dossier, containing salacious allegations.
Regardless, the FBI routinely relies on multiple sources of information when it obtains surveillance warrants. And the memo makes clear that the FBI believed there was probable cause that Page was acting as an agent of a foreign power and a judge agreed — four times over.
Steele's opposition research effort was initially funded by the conservative Washington Free Beacon. It was later picked up by the Hillary Clinton presidential campaign and the Democratic National Committee through a Washington law firm. The memo says that Steele, a longtime FBI source, was suspended and then terminated for an improper disclosure to the media over his relationship with the memo.
Democrats pushed back on multiple assertions from the memo, saying it was not accurate the FBI had withheld from the court information about Steele's potential political motivations or those of the people who hired him. They say the memo ignores the fact the investigation did not begin with Steele.
Schiff, the top Democrat, said the memo had "cherry-picked" information from Andrew McCabe, who stepped down as FBI deputy director this week. The memo describes him as having told the committee that no surveillance warrant would have been sought without the dossier.
The memo release escalates a clash with the man he picked to lead the FBI, Christopher Wray, after firing James Comey as agency director. Wray had warned the White House that the declassification and release could set a dangerous precedent.
Comey weighed in on Twitter, calling the memo "dishonest and misleading" and saying it had "inexcusably exposed classified investigation of an American citizen. For what? DOJ & FBI must keep doing their jobs."
Lafia – Africa's richest man and Chairman of Dangote Group, Alhaji Aliko Dangote, has said that he would like to be known as the biggest philanthropist on the continent.
Dangote stated this on Wednesday in Lafia while disbursing N130 million micro grant to 13,000 vulnerable and less privileged women in Nasarawa State.
“I do not only want to be known as Africa's richest man but the biggest philanthropist in Africa. I will continue to use my resources and my voice to help shape a better Nigeria and Africa as a whole,” he said.
Dangote said he started the foundation in 1993 to improve the lives of the less fortunate and make a positive difference in the growth of Nigeria.
He said the four major goals of the foundation were health and nutrition, education, economic empowerment and disaster relief.
He explained that the grant scheme was one of the components of the economic empowerment programme of the foundation.
Dangote said it was aimed at providing disadvantaged and vulnerable women in the country with a one-off unconditional N10, 000 cash transfer to boost their household income generation.
” This we believe will help their vulnerability and meet their livelihood needs,” he added .
He explained that the programme, which was launched a few years ago, was targeted at a minimum of 1,000 women in each of the 774 local government areas across the country.
“It is estimated that we would spend about N10 billion with some states with a large population getting a little bit more.
“We at Aliko Dangote foundation are happy to continue providing support to the most vulnerable and deserving members of the society across the country,” he said. (NAN)
WASHINGTON — The Federal Reserve voted unanimously Friday to impose an unprecedented enforcement action against Wells Fargo in response to its phony-accounts scandal, restricting the bank's future growth, while Wells said it would remove four members of its board of directors.
“Responding to recent and widespread consumer abuses and other compliance breakdowns by Wells Fargo, the Federal Reserve Board on Friday announced that it would restrict the growth of the firm until it sufficiently improves its governance and controls,” the Fed said in a Friday evening release.
“Concurrently with the Board's action, Wells Fargo will replace three current board members by April and a fourth board member by the end of the year.”
The Federal Reserve voted unanimously Friday to levy an unprecedented enforcement action against Wells Fargo in response to its cross-selling scandal, restricting the bank's future growth and removing four members of its board of directors. Wells Fargo
The order, which was approved by a vote of 3-0, bars Wells from growing beyond its asset size as of the end of 2017; the bank held $1.95 trillion as of yearend. Vice Chairman for Supervision Randal Quarles abstained from the vote because he had recused himself from supervisory matters related to Wells Fargo in December.
Fed Chair Janet Yellen — whose last day leading the Fed is Feb. 3 — said in a statement that the enforcement action is meant to send a signal to other banks that the agency is serious about corrective action against banks guilty of the kinds of customer abuses it uncovered in its investigation of Wells.
“We cannot tolerate pervasive and persistent misconduct at any bank and the consumers harmed by Wells Fargo expect that robust and comprehensive reforms will be put in place to make certain that the abuses do not occur again,” Yellen said. “The enforcement action we are taking today will ensure that Wells Fargo will not expand until it is able to do so safely and with the protections needed to manage all of its risks and protect its customers.”
In a statement, Wells said that the firm is “confident it will satisfy the requirements of the consent order” and that it intends to file its report to the Fed within 60 days with its plans to come into compliance. The report will include “what already has been done, and is planned, to further enhance the board's governance oversight, and the company's compliance and operational risk management,” the company said.
Wells Fargo's stock price tumbled by 5.9% in after-hours trading.
Neither the Fed nor the bank would identify the four board members who will be ousted. “We have no detail on that,” a Wells spokeswoman said.
Federal regulators filed an enforcement action against Wells in September 2016, saying that thousands of employees had opened up as many as 2.1 million fake accounts due to pressure over meeting sales goals.
Then-CEO John Stumpf tried to contain the fallout, but his appearances on Capitol Hill helped lead to his ouster. Tim Sloan, formerly the bank's CFO, has led the bank since October of that year.
Since then, the unauthorized account scandal has grown – the bank's most recent estimate is that as many as 3.5 million accounts were opened without customer consent – and new scandals have emerged.
For example, Wells Fargo has agreed to refund fees to mortgage customers who were improperly charged to extend the period of time in which they had locked in a specific interest rate. The bank is also expected to get hit with fines related to borrowers who were forced to take out auto insurance that they did not need.
Despite a massive marketing campaign and a shakeup in its management, Wells has struggled to escape the shadow of the scandals, which have led critics to declare the bank "too big to manage."
The Fed's order requires the board of directors to take a number of concrete actions including steps to ensure that the firm's “strategy and risk tolerance are clear and aligned,” actions to ensure that its composition and governance structures are “aligned with its risk tolerance,” and a plan to ensure “that no roles or responsibilities of the Board are unfulfilled for an undue period of time following the departure of any member of the Board.” A third party will also be required to review the bank's progress and report on it by Sept. 30.
Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass., has led the charge for the Fed to take further action against Wells as a result of the scandal, including firing board members who were at the bank during the time the phony accounts were opened.
"I really want to see the Fed step up here. The Fed has the power to do it. They just need to step up and do it," she told CNBC in September 2017.
The Fed also sent letters to former Wells CEO John Stumpf and former lead independent director of the Wells board, Stephen Sanger, criticizing their leadership as unacceptable. In the letter to Stumpf, the Fed said that he personally is responsible for overseeing an insufficient compliance regime and failed to take timely action to prevent abuses.
“[Wells] pursued business strategies and goals that motivated compliance violations and improper practices without ensuring its risk management programs were sufficiently robust to prevent such behavior,” the letter said. “In short, appropriate and timely action was not taken and the compliance and conduct failures continued.”
The letter to Sanger said that there were “many pervasive and serious compliance and conduct failures” during his tenure and that he failed to elevate abuses to the rest of the board of directors when he was made aware of them.
“This lack of inquiry and lack of demand for additional information are not consistent with the duties and responsibilities of the Lead Director as described in the firm's Corporate Governance Guidelines between 2013 and 2016,” the letter said. “Your performance in that role is an example of ineffective oversight that is not consistent with the Federal Reserve's expectations for a firm of WFC's size and scope of operations.”
A Fed official said that it was a coincidence that the consent order came on Yellen's last day as Fed chair, and noted that the asset cap is an unprecedented step for a Fed enforcement action. The order will require the bank to effectively stop growing beyond its $1.95 trillion asset size, and the Fed will assess the bank's asset size over a two-quarter average to ensure that it remains below the threshold. The bank can continue to take deposits and function normally.
The official added that the evaluation of Wells' compliance with the order will be determined jointly by Michael Gibson, director of the program direction section of the Fed Board's Division of Supervision and Regulation and supervisory officials at the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco. Gibson's oversight of the third-party compliance report is routine, Fed officials said, and not related to Quarles' recusal.
Wells Fargo said the asset limit will remain in place until the Fed is satisfied with the third-party review. Then, after the limit on asset growth is removed, another third-party review will be conducted to assess the risk management changes that Wells has made.
The San Francisco bank also provided some information about how it plans to prevent its asset size from growing beyond its current level.
“We will continue to serve our customers' financial needs, including saving, borrowing and investing,” Wells stated in an investor presentation that was released late Friday. “We have flexibility to manage our balance sheet by optimizing certain activities, which could include temporarily pulling back from some activities focused on providing liquidity to market participants, including other financial institutions.”
Kevin Wack contributed reporting to this article.
Initial coin offerings, which have become the ground floor for investing in cryptocurrencies that hope to soar like Bitcoin, raised almost $6 billion last year. In most cases, the issuer had no product -- only a white paper jam-packed with business ideas -- and said its coins (or tokens) weren't securities because they'd be used in running whatever venture it was. Regulators didn't buy that. Some crypto startups are now pitching their digital coins in a different way, by calling them security tokens, ones that can take advantage of exemptions in securities laws.
1. What's a ‘security token'?
It's a virtual unit of currency, much like Bitcoin and its competitors. But where Bitcoin's often-volatile value is entirely dependent on what its adherents say it is, security tokens are promoted as being tied to actual assets, such as equity in companies, real estate or debt. Crucially, that means issuers of security tokens acknowledge being subject to securities laws, and they design their offerings to fit established exemptions from registration under the Securities Act of 1933.
2. Why would a startup go this route?
It's seen as a way to avoid not only the costly registration requirements that apply to the initial public offering of company stock but -- perhaps -- also the regulatory scrutiny and legal uncertainty currently enveloping ICOs. The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission has opened a broad probe of ICOs, concerned that some should be considered securities and that others seek funding for fake businesses. Some ventures that raised money via the ICO may be forced to refund investors' money, pay fines, or both. Sellers of security tokens hope their extra care at the start means the SEC won't come looking for them later.
3. How does this work?
Take Spice VC, a venture-capital fund that looked to raise $100 million and said it secured commitments for $40 million of that in a token pre-sale. It followed the terms of Rule 506c of the SEC'S Regulation D, which spells out conditions under which offers of securities are exempt from normal registration rules, and Section 3(c)(1) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, which allows private funds to avoid SEC rules. That meant, in Spice VC's case, offering sales documents to a maximum of 99 prospective investors, who had to register on its website, certify that they are accredited (read: wealthy), provide proof of identification and respect applicable lock-up periods before selling their tokens. Issuers using the exemptions must check that buyers aren't laundering funds and disclose operational information to the public on a regular basis after the sale.
4. Why don't all crypto startups go this route?
Because so much money has been raised, and can be raised, through ICOs, which are open to anybody with an internet connection -- no accreditation needed.
5. Where can investors buy these offerings?
Worried about regulatory scrutiny, most established cryptocurrency exchanges don't yet offer security tokens. That's given rise to a new wave of companies, with names like Templum, Polymath and tZero, that issue tokens in hopes of becoming token exchanges. Some have launched, and others are in the works. Spice VC's own venture is a platform called Securitize, which "enables the tokenization of assets to make tokens tradable and increase their liquidity." Circle Internet Finance Ltd., a startup that lets people make instant money transfers, recently bought digital token exchange Poloniex as part of a bid to break into trading digital assets.
The Reference Shelf
A QuickTake explainer of Bitcoin and blockchain.
QuickTake explainer of Bitcoin and blockchain. Are Bitcoin's wildest days over?
wildest days over? All about initial coin offerings.
initial coin offerings. A guide to tokenized securities from Medium.com.
guide to tokenized securities from Medium.com. A guest post on Nasdaq's website explores how tokenization puts real assets on blockchains.
— With assistance by Benjamin Bain
Judge: FBI Can Keep San Bernardino iPhone Hack Details Secret
The FBI does not have to reveal the identity of a vendor that helped it unlock the iPhone of one of the shooters in the 2015 San Bernardino terror attack, or the price it paid for the vendor's services, a federal judge ruled.
In summary judgment issued Saturday, U.S. District Judge Tanya Chutkan in the District of Columbia wrote that the FBI had shown that releasing the vendor's name "could be reasonably expected to cause harm to national security interests by limiting the FBI's present and future ability to gain access to suspected terrorists' phones."
She also wrote that disclosure of the vendor's identity would "risk disclosure of a law enforcement technique and create a reasonably expected risk of circumvention of the law."
The judge also ruled that releasing the amount paid could also cause a "reasonably expected risk of harm to national security," as the price could "logically reveal how much the FBI values gaining access to suspects' phones, and the breadth of the tool's capabilities."
The ruling comes in response to a lawsuit filed last year by three news organizations under the Freedom of Information Act.
The Associated Press, Gannett Satellite Information Network and Vice Media had initially filed separate FOIA requests to the FBI last year seeking records about the agency's "financial agreements" with the vendor who eventually helped the FBI unlock an iPhone 5C used by Syed Rizwan Farook. Farook, along with his wife, carried out the Dec. 2, 2015, attack that left 14 dead and many others wounded. Justice officials say the assault was an act of terrorism.
The news organizations had argued that then-FBI Director James B. Comey had already publicly disclosed that the purchase price was "very high," which would negate further possible harm to national security if the dollar value were revealed.
The FBI had initially tried to compel iPhone maker Apple Inc. to help unlock Farook's phone, but the tech giant refused.
In March 2016, an "outside party" demonstrated a method to unlock the phone to the FBI, and by the end of the month, the bureau said it had "successfully accessed the data" stored on the iPhone and no longer needed help from Apple, according to the summary judgment.
© 2017 Los Angeles Times under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Dallas Stars left wing Antoine Roussel (21) heads to the locker room after acquiring numerous penalty minutes following a second period fight with the Los Angeles Kings at the American Airlines Center in Dallas, Thursday, October 20, 2016. (Tom Fox/The Dallas Morning News)
"He has way more than just energy, he has good play," Hitchcock said before the game. "He's strong on the puck. He's a really good penalty-killer. He's really good [at] positional play. He's got energy at the puck, but he's not a reckless player."
The spunky winger had missed four games with flu, and Hitchcock said Roussel had been missed. The 28-year-old delivered an assist on the Stars' first goal of the game, scored by Tyler Pitlick.
"We waited on this one," Hitchcock said. "He could have gone last game, but he's 100 percent now."
Roussel went right back on a line with Radek Faksa and Pitlick, and Hitchcock said he expected good things.
"I feel good, top shape," Roussel said. "You want to get back in and help your team. That's what I want."
Since joining the Stars in 2012-13, Roussel has recorded nearly twice the penalty minutes of his closest teammate. Roussel has 727 minutes in 365 games, while Jamie Benn has 392 in 321 games. Still, he has not been a one-dimensional player. He has tallied double-digit goals in four consecutive seasons and had five points (two goals, three assists) in six games before getting sick.
Hitchcock said Roussel's return can be important with Martin Hanzal still out nursing a hamstring injury. Roussel and Hanzal are key penalty-killers.
"It gave us a fourth pair killing penalties, so it spread out that responsibility," Hitchcock said. "There are a lot of different elements. Hanzal carried a big bulk of PK. Everybody's got injuries, but right now we've got to get more from more people."
Hitchcock juggled up his lines Saturday in hopes of creating more scoring. Roussel also can be a help in that department.
"We have to find a way to get more from guys who are not killing penalties all the time or playing on the power play all the time, we have to get more production from those players," Hitchcock said. "You talk about getting it spread out, but I think it's more an attitude. Sometimes when one group's doing so well, you just let them do well, you watch them. I've said this since Day One, we have to get more people participating in more parts of our game."
Special teams struggling: After Saturday's game, the Stars have one goal in their last 30 power-play chances and have allowed eight power-play goals in that span.Dallas entered Saturday's game still top 10 in overall special-teams play, but they have dropped from being one of the best teams in the league.
Hitchcock was asked before the game how he liked his special teams and said: "How can I say this? Ninety percent, we like -- a lot. We feel like we're getting closer scoring-wise on the power play, and we're right there killing penalties."
Briefly: Martin Hanzal (hamstring) and Marc Methot are skating on their own. Methot had knee surgery and could be back before Christmas. Hanzal is battling through his fourth injury this season and could take time getting back.
-- Ken Hitchcock entered Saturday's game with 797 wins. He is on pace to become just the third coach in NHL history to register 800 regular season wins.
-- Julius Honka was a healthy scratch for the fifth time in the past six games Saturday.
Twitter: @MikeHeika
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
By ANDY WOLF STAFF WRITER Josh Grimm had a senior night to remember. The Heritage Christian forward posted a double-double of 16 points and 10 rebounds to help his team defeat Harvest Temple Christian 72-46 on Friday night. “It's really nice. I've actually been waiting for this mom…
A vehicle wrapped in blue tarpaulin is removed from Larkhill Road in Durrington, 10 miles 16 kilometers) north of Salisbury, England, on the back of an Army lorry, Monday March 19, 2018, as the investigation into the suspected nerve agent attack on Russian double agent Sergei Skripal and his daughter Yulia continues. A road in the village of Durrington was closed off and tents were erected as the military and police searched for clues Monday.
Prince Harry has opened up candidly in what might be one of the first times ever about his experience with mental health and the two years of “total chaos” that shadowed him while trying to come to terms with the death of his mother. The Prince, now 32, spoke recently in an interview with The Telegraph in a new podcast called Mad World with host Bryony Gordon for the very first episode.
In this interview, Prince Harry details his two years of total chaos as his attempt to suppress his grief backfired. He also said that for many years he could not confront the death of his mother, Princess Diana. It's a refreshing interview that the Prince hopes will encourage others to be able to talk about mental health. He redefines strength for those dealing with mental health issues by opening up bravely about a story that might seem rather ordinary for some who may have experienced a loss of a loved one such as this one.
The Prince also detailed how he only began to address his grief when he was 28 after feeling like he was “on the verge of punching someone” and faced anxiety regularly during royal engagements. He even took up boxing. The 30-minute conversation is probably one of the most candid insights into the thoughts of a modern member of a Royal family. Mentioning, “I have probably been very close to a complete breakdown on numerous occasions when all sorts of grief and sort of lies and misconceptions and everything are coming to you from every angle.”
You can listen to the conversation here.
One seriously hurt after shooting in Schaumburg
hello
One person was shot and seriously injured in a Walgreens parking lot in Schaumburg Monday evening, Schaumburg police said, and the shooter is not in custody.
Several people witnessed the shooting, which happened about 5:20 p.m. in the parking lot on the 1100 block of South Roselle Road, Schaumburg Sgt. Christy Lindhurst said.
The victim, a man, was hit in the chest area and taken to Lutheran General Hospital in serious condition, she said.
Police do not have anyone in custody at this time.
Northbound Roselle Road was blocked off north of Wise Road, as yellow tape connected a pickup truck, an SUV and a police car in a square over three lanes.
Customers continued to go in and out of stores in the area.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
EXCELSIOR SPRINGS, Mo. -- A Kearney teenager died in a late night crash, just days before beginning his senior year of high school. Two friends riding in the same car are recovering from their injuries.
Troopers say the young driver lost control and crashed. It happened near Tryst Falls Park in Clay County.
Investigators say the tire of the car came off and hit the entrance to the park. A 17-year-old and her 16-year-old passenger are recovering from their injuries.
But the 17-year-old riding in the backseat, Malachi Roach, didn't make it.
“The person who called us told us he didn't have a pulse,” said Ray Roach, Malachi's dad.
It's a phone call no parent ever wants to receive. Ray Roach said he got a phone call last night from his son's friend who was in the car behind his son, saying Malachi had been in an accident and was taken to Liberty Hospital.
“Very difficult, you know, nobody wants to hear that,” Roach added.
Roach said a chaplain came out with a doctor and nurse and they delivered the news that their beloved Malachi was killed in a terrible accident.
“It was surreal. You knew it was true, but you didn't want to believe it was true,” Roach recalled.
According to the Missouri State Highway Patrol -- the three teenagers were in a car driving down 92-Highway.
Troopers said the driver's side front tire flew off, causing the 17-year-old driver to lose control, sending the car into a stone mailbox and down an embankment.
“He was in the back, in the middle, with his seatbelt on. The highway patrolman said that was the safest place he could have been in the car,” Roach said.
Malachi Roach was pronounced dead at Liberty Hospital just before midnight.
“I would say it's just like any other teenage kid. They were just out having fun; we know that there were no drugs or alcohol involved, and no excessive speed involved,” Roach explained. “We don't harbor any hard feelings, or anything like that, toward anybody. It's just a freak accident.”
He played football and was on the trap team at Kearney High School. Roach says his son also loved hunting and fishing.
“He was a good kid. He didn't get into any trouble or anything like that. He had talked for several years about wanting to join the Marine Corps when he graduated from high school,” Roach said.
Malachi was supposed to start his senior year of high school in three days.
Monday, December 11
Barnes County Senior Center whist is at 1:15 p.m.
The Valley City-Barnes County Public Library Teen Chill Zone is at 4 p.m.
A public input meeting regarding the Valley City Streetscape Project will be held from 5:30 to 7:30 p.m. at the Valley City High School Cafeteria.
Tuesday, December 12
National Active and Retired Federal Employees meet at the Barnes County Senior Center at noon and pinochle is at 1:15 p.m.
The Valley City-Barnes County Public Library Board meets at 5:15 p.m.
The Valley Voices Women's Choir and the Valley Troubadours Men's Choir will start off the holiday season with the annual Carol Sing at the Barnes County Courthouse in Valley City. The singing starts at 7.30 p.m. but the doors will open at 6.30 p.m.
Wednesday, December 13
Barnes County Senior Center Bone Builders is at 9:30 a.m. and whist is at 1:15 p.m.
The Valley City-Barnes County Public Library Circle Time with Megan Fuller is at 10 a.m. and Story Hour with Emmy Swedlund is at 10:30 a.m.
11th Annual “Sounds of the Season” Brown Bagger Series will be held from 12:10 to 12:55 p.m. at Our Savior's Lutheran Church sanctuary, 138 Third St. NW in Valley City. Faye Bubach will be the featured performer. Attendees can bring a lunch or just go to listen to the music of the holiday season and enjoy provided refreshments.
Celebrate the Child, a one-man play featuring Christian actor and speaker Jonathan Swenson, will be performed at Faith Lutheran Church,309 Fourth St. NE, Valley City, at 6:30 p.m. A meal will be served from 5:30 to 6 p.m.
Thursday, December 14
Barnes County Senior Center Pinochle Day is at 1:15 p.m.
The Valley City-Barnes County Public Library Anime Club meets from 4 to 6 p.m. and In Knot Crochet is at 6:30 p.m.
The Washington Elementary School Fifth Grade Christmas Program will be held at 7 p.m. in the Washington Gymnasium.
The Monroe Doctrine, a local bluegrass band, will perform from 7 to 9 p.m. at the Vault Coffee Shop, Bakery and Center for the Arts in Valley City.
Friday, December 15
Barnes County Senior Center bone builders is at 9:30 a.m., bingo is at 1 p.m. and Open Door Choir is at 3 p.m.
The Valley City-Barnes County Public Library Music and Movement is at 10:30 a.m.
Red River Singles 50s and 60s Dance, featuring the music of Lute Simley, will be held from 8 p.m. to 12 a.m. at the West Fargo VFW Club. For more information, visit www.red-river-singles.org or call 701-367-8186.
Sunday, December 17
Flippin' for Florida — a pancake breakfast hosted by SHINE, the Hi-Lites Dance Team Booster Parent Organization — will be held at the Valley City VFW Club from 8 a.m. to 12:30 p.m. Proceeds will help dancers attend the Universal Dance Association dance competition in March 2018.
guy who wrote this looks like the villain in a movie where the hero is a crafty mouse
— paul (@paulxt) February 1, 2018
Staff at B.C.'s hospitals will perform 900 more dental surgeries in the coming year to support vulnerable children and adults, the province announced Monday.
In a statement, the health minister said dental surgeons will perform 15 per cent more surgeries in 2018-19 than the previous year.
The move is an effort to shorten a growing waitlist of people who require dental procedures that cannot be performed without anesthesia, for reasons including developmental disabilities and complex medical conditions.
"The result will be a substantial reduction in wait times for people currently suffering in pain," the ministry said.
The procedures range from fillings to dental prosthetics, and are typically provided in dental offices under local anesthetic and/or sedation. However, some people require general anesthetic to ensure their safety and comfort, even for teeth cleanings.
"I have heard from parents whose sons and daughters are suffering for long periods in pain, in some cases without any understanding of what is happening to them," Health Minister Adrian Dix said in the statement.
Faith Bodnar, executive director of Inclusion BC, said the procedures are essential for quality of life.
"Recognizing those with developmental disabilities, such as Down syndrome, cerebral palsy and autism, need more access for dental care that can better accommodate their physical needs is long overdue. More dental surgeries in a timely manner is a step in the right direction."
The province said nearly one-fifth of people waited more than half a year for dental surgery in 2016-17. The following year, about 15 per cent waited that long.
In addition to increasing surgery access, the ministry will be working with the province's dental association to revise wait-time guidelines and protocols. Further improvements are expected in 2019-20, the province said.
Father's Day of Sports for Durban Park Sunday
The South Turkeyen Sports Committee and Bannas Foundation will host a Father's Day of Sports on Sunday beginning at 10:00am at Durban Park featuring a six-over Tapeball cricket competition for teams from the area and a five-a-side small goal football competition and penalty shootout.
According to a press release, some of the teams invited to participate include Lodge, North Sophia, Sophia ‘B', ‘C' and ‘D' Fields, Vryheid's Lust, Meadow Bank and others with $6,000 for the registration of teams.
The release said that food and drinks will be on sale, while P&P Insurance Brokers, National Sports Commission, Tent City, Trophy Stall, Bourda Market and Mr. Zaman Alli donated the trophies. Johnny ‘Overseas' Barnwell and Kevin Walcott are the organisers.
MINISTER of State for Petroleum Resources, Dr. Emmanuel Ibe Kachikwu and his counterpart in the Ministry of Power, Works and Housing, Mr. Babatunde Raji Fashola, are expected to make policy statements on government's plans for the economy, especially in the oil, gas and power sectors respectively at the Association of Energy Correspondents of Nigeria's (NAEC) Annual Conference 2017.
The conference, with the theme “PIGB: Problems and Challenges to Nigerian oil and gas industry” will hold at the banquet hall of Eko Hotel and Suites, Lagos, on Thursday, August 17, 2017. A statement by the Association's General Secretary, Mr. Tunde Dodondawa, said this year's conference has three panel sessions, adding that the first session is titled: “Optimimizing Local Refining Capacity: Opportunities and Challenges.”
“The second panel session is titled: “Implications of the Bill to Amend NLNG Act”, while the third panel session is titled: “Power Sector and Liquidity Challenge.” Captains of industry. legislators, as well as other stakeholders in the petroleum and power industries will be in attendance.”
The statement said the keynote address and lead paper will be delivered by the Minister of State for Petroleum Resources, Dr. Emmanuel Ibe Kachikwu, while the conference will be chaired by GMD of AITEO Production and Devt Company Ltd., Dr. Chike Onyejekwe.
It indicated that the Guest Speakers are the Minister of Power, Works and Housing, Mr. Babatunde Raji Fashola and the Group Managing Director, Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC), Dr. Maikanti Kachalla Baru.
“Stakeholders in the oil and gas and power sectors, including International Oil Companies (IOCs), downstream oil and gas operators, independent producers, managers of the privatised power assets and other stakeholders, would also be at the conference to proffer solutions to issues to be discussed.
“These stakeholders, including captains of industry and other industry chief executives as well as the lawmakers, are expected to converge and evaluate government's performance in the last one year and set agenda for the next year based on recent government's policy pronouncement.
“The conference is expected to provide a veritable platform for the government and the industry operators to rub minds on the ways to address the energy challenges confronting the country.”
Confirmed speakers include: Dr Frank Edozie, Managing Director, NECONDE Energy Limited; Mr Anibor Kragha, Chief Operating Officer, Refineries, Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC); Mr Mordecai Ladan, Director,Department of Petroleum Resources (DPR); Mr Abiodun Adesanya, President, Nigerian Association of Petroleum Explorationists, (NAPE); Capt. Emmanuel Iheanacho, Chairman, Integrated Oil and Gas Limited; Dr Saka Matemilola, Nigerian council chairman, Society of Petroleum Engineers (SPE); Mr Austin Avuru, Managing Director, Seplat Petroleum Limited; Mr Nicolas Terraz. Managing Director/Chief Executive Officer, Total E&P Nigeria Ltd and Mr Muda Yusuf, Director-General, Lagos Chamber of Commerce and Industry (LCCI).
Others include Mr. Victor Eromosele, Chairman/CEO, Mentor Energy Consulting Limited; Mr. Simon Yakubu Arobo, Member, house of Reps Committee on Gas; Mr Dada Thomas, Managing Director, Frontier Oil Limited; Mr Oscar Onyema, Chief Executive Officer, Nigerian Stock Exchange (NSE); Mazi Afam Osigwe, Senior Patner, LAW FORTE Chamber; Mr Tokunbo Mumuni, Executive Director, Socio-Economic Rights and Accountability Project, (SERAP); Mr Dolapo Oni, Head, Energy Research, ECOBANK Plc; Prof. Bath Nnaji, Chairman, Geometric Power Plc; Mr, Saidu Mohammed, Chief Operating Officer, Power and Gas, Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC); Dr David Ige, Chief Execultive Officer, Gas Invest Limited; Mr Chiedu Ugbo, Managing Director, Niger Delta Power Holding Company (NDPHC); Mr Bolaji Osusanya, Managing Director, Oando Gas to Power; Dr Anthony Ikenna Akah, Chairman, Nigerian Electricity Regulatory Commission (NERC); Dr Oladele Amoda, Chief Executive Officer, Eko Electricity Distribution Company and Dr. Anthony Youdeowei, Managing Director, Ikeja Electric Plc.
Kailub Russell Earns Third Straight Win at The General GNCC | by: Press Release
WASHINGTON, Ga. — Round three of the 2018 Grand National Cross Country (GNCC) Series, an AMA National Championship, took place in Washington, Georgia, at Aonia Pass MX on Sunday, March 18. A battle would ensue all day long between FMF/KTM Factory Racing's Kailub Russell and Rockstar Energy/Factory Husqvarna Racing's Thad Duvall. K. Russell would cross the line 2.4 seconds ahead of Duvall to earn his third straight win of the season. Russell got a good jump off the line and earned himself the $250 All Balls Racing XC1 Holeshot award. As they headed into the woods, Duvall would have a small bobble in the third corner. Coming through on lap one, AmPro Yamaha's Ricky Russell would find himself in the number one spot. After holding off the rest of the XC1 Pro class, misfortune would strike the Yamaha rider and he would have to retire for the remainder of the race. As the racing continued, it was JCR/Honda's Trevor Bollinger and BETA USA's Jordan Ashburn who would be battling it out on the second lap. Coming through pro row on lap two, the riders were a mere second apart from each other. Tely Energy Racing/KTM's Steward Baylor Jr. made his way through the pack, ultimately pulling ahead at the end of the three-hour race with Bollinger hot on his heels for the third place position. S. Baylor would end the day on the podium in third place while Bollinger would hold on to finish fourth.
Kailub Russell rocketed off the starting line to earn the Balls Racing XC1 holeshot award. Ken Hill
Rockstar Energy/Factory Husqvarna Racing's Josh Strang had another impressive ride at The General. Even though Strang started mid-pack, he would work his way through the field and run in the fourth place position during lap four. Strang would finish the day out in the fifth place position, and he currently sits sixth overall in the championship points. Running with the lead pack early, Jordan Ashburn would have the best ride of his season so far and end the day sixth place in the XC1 class and seventh overall. KR4/Husqvarna's Layne Michael would continue his consistent season thus far to finish the day seventh in the XC1 class and eighth overall while Tely Energy Racing/KTM's Grant Baylor would round out the top ten overall. Fresh off the first XC2 250 Pro class win of his career at the previous round, Trail Jesters/KTM-backed rider Ben Kelley would make it two in a row, as he would once again claim the class win and sixth overall. After an early battle with FMF/KTM Factory Racing, Josh Toth and Coastal Racing/Husqvarna's Pascal Rauchenecker, Kelley was able to pull away in the late stages of the race to claim the win. Rauchenecker would hang on to finish second place in the XC2 250 Pro class and ninth overall while Factory GasGas/FAR's Nick Davis would claim his first podium finish of the season in third. The FMF XC3 Pro-Am class would see an all-out battle in the early stages of the race, as Jacob Rowland would grab the $100 Wiseco FMF XC3 Holeshot and lead the opening lap. As the race wore on, it would be a three-rider battle between Raines Riding University/Yamaha's Jason Raines, MC Racing's Cody Barnes and FMF/Maxxis/RPM KTM's Jesse Ansley. When the checkered flag flew, it would be Barnes taking his first FMF XC3 Pro-Am class win ahead of Raines and Ansley rounding out the podium in second and third, respectively. The FMF XC3 Pro-Am class has seen three different winners in three rounds thus far in 2018, making it one of the most exciting classes to watch.
Cody Barnes earned his first win in the FMF XC3 125 Pro-Am class. Ken Hill
The 10 a.m. amateur race would see defending WXC class champion and KR4/Husqvarna rider Tayla Jones come away with the class and overall win once again, continuing her win streak in the 2018 season. Former WXC champion FLY Racing/Maxxis/SeatConcept's Becca Sheets would put together an excellent performance challenging Jones for the lead throughout the middle portions of the race. In the end, Sheets would end the day second place in WXC and second place overall. BETA rider, Rachel Gutish would round out the WXC class podium in third while Sportsman A class rider Zach Beverly rounded out the overall podium in third. In the 8 a.m. youth race, it would once again be Peyton Whipkey claiming the YXC1 class and overall win. Whipkey remains undefeated thus far in 2018, as he has claimed the class and overall win in all three rounds. Tyler Palmer would ride to his first overall podium of the 2018 season, as he claimed second place in the YXC1 class and second place overall. Max Fernandez would round out the podium in third place overall. The 1 p.m. pro bike race was broadcast live in its entirety on RacerTV.com and can be viewed as archived video online by visiting the GNCC LIVE page online. A highlight show featuring the event will be aired on the NBC Sports Network on Sunday, May 6, at 5:00 p.m. The 2018 Amsoil Grand National Cross Country Series resumes with the FMF Steele Creek GNCC on April 7 and 8 in Morganton, North Carolina. For more information on the GNCC series, visit the official website at www.gnccracing.com or call (304) 284-0084. Join the conversation on the series Facebook page, follow us on Twitter and Instagram, and be sure to always hashtag #GNCC.
Trevor Bollinger came across the finish line one second behind S. Baylor, taking fourth place. Ken Hill
Paige Eakright was just like any other college freshman Aug. 26. It was the day to move away from home and start her college life at Huntington University. It was a day of trepidation, independence and a discovery about the “real” world.
Reality, though, struck Eakright in a much different way. That was the day Eakright, 18, found out she had uterine cancer.
“I don't remember the doctor's office that day,” Eakright said in her family's living room on Fort Wayne's southwest side. “Which is weird. We didn't know anything about it. All we knew was I had cancer, which is a scary word, especially as an 18-year-old on the first day of college orientation. I didn't want to tell anybody because I hate when people are sad.”
Her parents, Craig and Jill Eakright, remember the day all too well.
“She was in a state of shock,” Jill said. “She kinda looked at the doctor, then looked at us, and then looked back at the doctor and looked at us with panic and looked down.”
Paige had noticed some irregularities and gone to see a doctor for the tests and eventually was given the bad news.
“I sensed there was something not right,” Craig said. “When we heard it was cancer, I had a couple of days to process that this might be the case, so (had) I tried to lead both of them (Jill and Paige) that we have to be prepared for it being nothing or it being really bad. When it was bad, and, when we heard the word … we wanted to know what all was involved with this and how best we can address this.”
The type of cancer is not normally found in the uterus nor in a female that age. It is usually found in girls between the ages of 2 and 8.
“There's a lot of denial that comes with it, at the beginning, especially,” Paige said. “It didn't really hit me until my first overnight chemo. I was like, ‘this sucks.' But I am pretty good about staying positive about it all.
“I am a social butterfly, so I usually just keep myself busy to keep my mind off things. That's what I did at the beginning. It was my first week of college, and I didn't know what to do, and didn't know what to think, so I just talked to everyone around me and made friends and was never just sitting alone in my room, because that's when it was the worst.”
There has already been surgery for a removal of the cancer, and Paige will go through nearly a year of chemotherapy. The heavier doses require overnight stays at Lutheran Hospital. After 12 weeks of treatment, it will be decided if more surgery is necessary. No matter of that decision by doctors, she will have another 36 weeks of additional treatments.
“It's just not what you expect on your move-in day at school,” Jill said. “It's not what you hope for your kids. We try to stay positive most of the time and on occasion the sadness sneaks in. She has a joy for life that is unstoppable. That is fun to be around.”
With the cancer found in and around her uterus, Paige also made the decision and had a procedure to have her eggs harvested for possible future motherhood, a high priority to the teenager.
Paige had also begun her first season with the Foresters women's volleyball team after playing at Homestead. The hardest thing was telling her teammates, which she did one night at The Hub on campus after coach Kyle Shondell called an impromptu team meeting.
“That was probably the worst one out of telling everyone I knew,” she said. “They are a great group of girls, and they are really loving. They have shown me a lot of love throughout it and they are always here for me. I have that core base that I can go to when I need things. That is really nice to have.”
Paige insisted on staying in college and playing on the volleyball team despite the diagnosis and treatments. She had become so comfortable at Huntington, she almost didn't want to come back for Christmas break, according to the family. Her grades were “great,” her mother said and she was named to the all-freshman team for the Crossroads League, despite missing several matches.
With a port in her heart and experiencing weakness because of the treatments, along with doctors' appointments, her playing time was limited.
It was hard for Paige, who has been playing competitive volleyball since the sixth grade.
“I did not want anything to change, so I just pretended like nothing was wrong, and I just went to school,” Paige said. “Some days I had to leave for appointments, which was fine. I tried to live life the most normal that I could, and I still do.
“It was a pretty good first semester, considering the situation.”
The silver lining for the Eakrights has been the outpouring of support from both the Huntington and Fort Wayne communities. Gifts, T-shirts and even doors on their house being decorated are among the small, sometimes anonymous gestures from family, friends and causal acquaintances.
“I am so thankful for the friends that we have, the community around us,” Jill said. “Huntington has been great for her. The president of the university has been fantastic, the professors have been great. She missed a ton of classes, and they were very patient and understanding. If she was at any other university, we probably would have had to bring her home. I am so grateful for Huntington and the love they have given her.
“We have been blessed with a lot of people who have been praying for her, and that has played a huge part in getting us through the days.
For Paige, there are good days, which the family celebrates, and there are bad days, mainly spent in her room watching Netflix. But the fight continues and hope never wanes.
“In between surgeries, she had some really good games and days where she was really strong and able to play and she played really well,” Craig said. “We try really hard to find the joy and thank God for the small things these days.”
gjones@jg.net
Riverbed appoints new Regional Vice President for ASEAN
Benny Lim will be responsible for driving the company's aggressive growth and expansion strategy across the region.
Application performance company Riverbed Technology has appointed Benny Lim as its Regional Vice President, ASEAN.
Based in Singapore, Lim will be responsible for driving the company's aggressive growth and expansion strategy across the region, Riverbed said in a press statement on 9 February 2017.
Lim brings to the role more than 20 years of experience in the information and communications technology (ICT) sector across Enterprise and Service Provider markets. He has served as Regional Director for Asia (Hong Kong, ASEAN, Taiwan) at Fluke Networks.
The adoption of cloud services and ever-increasing mobility of end-users in ASEAN are reshaping business and enterprise information technology (IT) in the region. This drives a fundamental shift in how organisations manage the performance of applications and networks, as well as how they ensure a great experience for their users.
"Riverbed is at the forefront of this change, reimagining the distributed network so that it is application-centric, agile and software-defined," said Lim. "With this shift, we are empowering organisations with greater agility, visibility and performance of their rapidly evolving, highly complex and hybrid IT environments."
1
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
(Agencia CMA Latam) - Colombia's Producer Price Index (PPI) rose 3.13% in January 2018 on an annual basis, decelerating from 3.28% in December 2017, said the country's statistics office.
In the twelve months through January, the mining sector was the only one to record an above-average price rise of 16.11%. Industry (+0.86%) and agriculture and livestock and fisheries (+0.00%) came below the 3.12% average.
On a monthly basis, the Colombian PPI increased 0.19%, decelerating from December, when it increased 0.48%.
by Agencia CMA Latam
For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com
Economic News
What parts of the world are seeing the best (and worst) economic performances lately? Click here to check out our Econ Scorecard and find out! See up-to-the-moment rankings for the best and worst performers in GDP, unemployment rate, inflation and much more.
Ex Vice President Atiku Abubakar has reportedly had a meeting with PDP leaders over the upcoming 2019 elections. The Federal Government has blamed Former President, Goodluck Jonathan on the issues facing the country. The Npower assessment has been gi...
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
GLENDALE, Ariz. — Oliver Ekman-Larsson scored twice late in the third period to lead the Arizona Coyotes to a 5-2 win over the Calgary Flames on Monday night.
Max Domi also had two goals for Arizona, including an empty-netter with 21 seconds left, and had an assist on Ekman-Larsson's tiebreaking goal. Richard Panik scored early in the second period for the Coyotes, and Antti Raanta stopped 42 shots.
Dougie Hamilton had a goal and an assist, and Sean Monahan also scored as Calgary lost for the fourth time in five games. Mike Smith finished with 25 saves.
Domi stole a pass in the Calgary zone and beat Smith to tie the score at 2-2 with about 2 1/2 minutes left in the second period.
Both teams missed several scoring chances in the third period until Ekman-Larsson put the Coyotes ahead with 3:41 remaining with his 100th career goal. He then had an empty-netter 2:04 later for his 13th of the season to double the lead.
Smith started his first game at Gila River Arena since the Flames acquired him from Arizona last summer. A video tribute to the Coyotes' all-time leader in games played and shutouts was shown during a stoppage in play in the first period, and Smith offered a quick wave after being welcomed back.
Arizona went up 1-0 on Panik's goal at 5:15 of the second. Panik fired in a wrist shot from his knees off Clayton Keller's cross-ice pass. Keller, a rookie, scored a point in his fifth straight game and has nine in his last 10 games. His 53 points lead the Coyotes this season.
The Flames tied it on Hamilton's goal at 9:05 of the second, his 16th of the season. Hamilton's 43 points lead Calgary defencemen.
Zac Rinaldo got free on a breakaway late in the period, but Smith kept the puck out of the net, pinning it to the near post where Rinaldo tried to stuff it home.
The Flames took the lead with 4:32 left in the middle period as Monahan put in a rebound for his team-leading 31st. The advantage lasted just two minutes.
Neither team scored in the first period, but a goal by Monahan at with about seven minutes to go was disallowed because of a delayed penalty. The Coyotes totalled six penalty minutes in the first, all related to physical play and scuffles with Flames players.
Domi was called for high sticking and raised his penalty-minute total to 67, which leads the Coyotes.
NOTES: The Coyotes were without head coach Rick Tocchet on Monday, as he left the team to attend his mother's funeral near Toronto. Tocchet is expected to rejoin the Coyotes on Wednesday when they visit Buffalo. … The Coyotes embark on a six-game road trip after Monday's game and will play eight of their final 10 regular-season games away from home. … Flames D TJ Brodie missed his first game of the season, scratched due to an upper-body injury suffered Sunday at Vegas. … F Matthew Tkachuk was also scratched, missing his fourth straight game with an upper-body injury. … C Sam Bennett served four penalty minutes for roughing.
UP NEXT
Flames: Host Anaheim on Wednesday night.
Coyotes: At Buffalo on Wednesday night.
An 18-year-old in Toronto was caught trying to shoplift an outfit for an upcoming job interview. When Constable Niran Jeyanesan arrived at the scene, not only did he not arrest the teenager, but he was so moved by the teen's story, he also bought the teen the outfit in question.
Jeyanesan told Canada's CP24 new channel, “This young person has been facing his own difficulties in life and he was looking to straighten out all that by providing for his family and trying to get a job. This individual didn't have any resources. He wanted to go get that job. That was in his mind. I think he truly made a mistake.”
The unidentified 18-year-old not only made it to his job interview with a brand-new outfit, Constable Jeyanesan revealed that he got the job! “He told me he actually wore the shirt and the tie – I'm just so happy!” Jeyanesan continued. Staff sergeant Paul Bois praised Jeyanesan's actions while speaking with the BBC earlier this month. He said, “Arresting him wouldn't have been in the best interests of anyone. I reacted very positively to the news; all issues were resolved by the action the officer took. It reiterates our goal of being positive role models in the community.”
Via BBC
Follow JT on Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Two Dallas Police officers were shot and critically wounded Tuesday afternoon outside of a Home Depot in the Northeast section of the city, authorities said. A civilian, believed to be a security guard, was also shot in the incident at the home improvement store, WFAA-TV reports. The surviving officer is in critical condition, while the guard's condition was not immediately available.
Police are now searching for the suspect, identified as Armando Juarez, 29, in the surrounding area, according to WFAA-TV. He is wanted for questioning, the news station reports. The Home Depot is in the 11600 block of Forest Central Drive, near U.S. Highway 75 and Forest Lane in the Lake Highlands neighborhood, according to police. The names of the wounded officers have not been released.
Here's what you need to know about the suspect and the shooting:
1. Officers Were Serving a Warrant With a Home Depot Security Guard When the Suspect Pulled Out a Gun & Shot Them
#Breaking video of DPD helicopter searching creek bed along with officers on the ground with K-9 looking for suspect in reported shooting of an officer near 75 and Forest pic.twitter.com/1IINOCjBVI — J.D. Miles (@jdmiles11) April 24, 2018
Officers were helping an off-duty officer serve a warrant alongside a Home Depot security guard at the Lake Highlands store when the suspect pulled out a gun and shot them, WFAA-TV reports.
The wounded officers are a male and a female, sources told KTVT-TV's J.D. Miles. According to Miles, the male officer was shot in the back of the head and the female officer was shot in the face. Both were gravely wounded, but WFAA-TV's Jason Whitely reports the female officer is now in stable condition, despite being shot in the face. She is still undergoing surgery.
The news station also reported the 27-year-old male officer “flatlined” during surgery, but was resuscitated. Police Chief Renee Hall was en route to Presbyterian Hospital, where the officers were taken.
#BREAKING Several Dallas Police units zipping down the highway, even what looks like an armored vehicle. Just saw an ambulance as well. Officer involved shooting is reported in NE Dallas at a Home Depot. @WFAA pic.twitter.com/eygF5nRL6O — Tiffany Liou (@tliou) April 24, 2018
It is not known what the suspect, identified as 29-year-old Armando Juarez, was wanted for. The shooting happened about 4:15 p.m.
According to WFAA-TV, “Several Home Depot employees told WFAA that there was a ruckus behind the store and that they heard gunshots. One employee said he saw two officers on the ground and wounded.”
2. The Suspect Is Wearing a White T-Shirt, Blue Jean Shorts & Is Possibly Armed With 2 Handguns
#Breaking video of DPD helicopter searching creek bed along with officers on the ground with K-9 looking for suspect in reported shooting of an officer near 75 and Forest pic.twitter.com/1IINOCjBVI — J.D. Miles (@jdmiles11) April 24, 2018
Police described the suspect, Armando Juarez, as wearing a white T-shirt and blue jean shorts. He was possibly armed with two handguns, according to police.
There were reports that the suspect had been taken into custody at Richland College, but when officers responded, they determined that man was not the one who was wanted in the shooting. Police also detained another man near the scene, but he was also released.
3. A Warrant Was Issued for Juarez's Arrest After He Missed a Court Date in a Felony Theft Case, Records Show
Armando Luis Juarez has been arrested multiple times in Dallas County, online court records show. Judge Dominique Collins issued a warrant for Juarez's arrest and raised his bond to $10,000 on February 5, 2018, after Juarez failed to appear in court. He was originally arrested in December 2017 on a state jail felony theft charge for allegedly taking goods worth more than $2,500.
Juarez was also arrested in January 2018 for unauthorized use of a motor vehicle. He posted $1,000 bail and that case is still pending.
In 2008, Juarez was convicted of attempted possession of a controlled substance, cocaine, and was sentenced to 9 days in jail, along with probation. A 2007 misdemeanor charge for failure of fugitive to give ID was dismissed.
4. Police Shut Down a Dallas Area Rapid Transit Station & Have Asked People to Stay Away From the Area
#Breaking At least one law enforcement officer has been taken to Presbyterian Hospital with injuries following shooting incident around Home Depot at 75 and Forest Lane. Sources say search is on for suspect in creek behind store pic.twitter.com/m27VZlJklV — J.D. Miles (@jdmiles11) April 24, 2018
Police officers flocked to the scene of the shooting after an urgent call for officers down was put out on the radio. Photos and videos taken by local reporters showed officers searching around a creek area.
K-9 officers were also searching the area. A Dallas Police helicopter was also brought to the scene. ATF agents were also responding to the scene to assist, the federal agency tweeted.
According to WFAA-TV, “More than a dozen police cars were still at the scene behind the store, near a line of trees. At least one person could be seen being loaded onto an ambulance. An officer with a police search dog was also on the scene, going into the wooded area. Armored police vehicles were seen driving toward the Home Depot on U.S. 75. Officers could be seen searching the surrounding area for the suspect.”
A Dallas Area Rapid Transit station at Forest Lane was shutdown to keep people out of the search area and to prevent the suspect from leaving, the Dallas Morning News reports. Trains were passing through the station without stopping.
VIDEO: armored vehicles and @DallasPD cruisers heading to scene of officer involved shooting at Home Depot in NE Dallas. @wfaa pic.twitter.com/h6SqbXEkS5 — Matt Howerton (@HowertonNews) April 24, 2018
Police have asked people to avoid the area as officers search for the suspect.
“We can confirm that two @DallasPD officers have been shot and critically wounded. We will provide updates as we get them. Please pray for our officers and their families,” police said on Twitter. “A civilian was also shot in this incident. The condition of the civilian is unknown at this time.”
Dallas Mayor Mike Rawlings tweeted, “We are closely monitoring the situation in northeast Dallas and praying for our officers and their families.”
Governor Greg Abbott tweeted, “Our thoughts and prayers are with @DallasPD and the two officers shot and critically wounded. Texas honors all the men and women who protect and serve our communities, and justice will be served.”
Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton added, “As a major investigation continues in Dallas, please pray for the two heroic @DallasPD officers who have been shot in the line of service. We also extend our thoughts and prayers to their families during this critical hour.”
5. Five Police Officers Were Shot & Killed in Dallas During an Ambush in July 2016
Dallas SWAT officers in masks searching creek bed for possible shooter near Home Depot in NE Dallas pic.twitter.com/YvX5v6eZdY — Richard Ray (@RichardRayFox4) April 24, 2018
Tuesday's incident was the first time a Dallas officer was shot in the line of duty since a 2016 ambush. Five police officers, four who worked for the Dallas Police Department and one who worked for the Dallas Area Rapid Transit authority, were killed while patrolling at a Black Lives Matter rally on July 7, 2016.
The suspect in that shooting, Micah X. Johnson, was an Army veteran who was angered by shootings of black men by police that had occurred in the weeks before the attack, authorities said. Johnson barricaded himself inside a building near the scene of the shooting and was later blown up by police using a robot armed with explosives.
DART Officer Brent Thompson was killed along with Dallas Senior Corporal Lorne Ahrens, Sergeant Michael Smith and officers Michael Krol and Patrick Zamarippa.
Ibadan – Luck smiled on David Oni, a pastor living with disability, after a life-changing encounter on Wednesday with Mr Adebayo Shittu, the Minister of Communications.
Oni encountered the minister at a retreat held at the International Conference Centre of the University of Ibadan.
NAN reports that the encounter did not only get Oni a promise of employment in a Federal Government agency, but also fetched him a substantial sum of money.
Two other participants at the retreat volunteered to sponsor the remaining part of Oni's academic programme at the University of Ibadan.
Oni, who has HND in Accountancy and a Post Graduate Diploma in Theology from the Redeemed Christian Church of God Bible College, is currently a 200-level student of Social Work.
The cleric, who was at the retreat to market some of his books, attracted Shittu's attention on arrival at the venue.
Oni, on the request of Shittu, narrated his ordeal from the time he was involved in a ghastly automobile accident which confined him to a wheelchair to the termination of his appointment.
The pastor stated that he had been able to write eight Christian books after he was involved in the accident that affected his spinal cord.
“I wish to express my deep appreciation to the minister of communication. He is simply God-send to me.
“Only God can reward this man. Today is one of the happiest days of my life. I am overwhelmed,” Oni said.
Shittu, who was impressed with Oni's achievements, had also invited him into the hall to advertise his books.
The minister's gesture gave Oni the opportunity to rake in substantial sums of money, sponsorship and promise of a job with a Federal Government agency.
“I am delighted that Pastor Oni did not allow the unfortunate incident to suppress his God-given talent and I consider it a privilege that I can assist him in my own little way.
“Just as the title of his book, “ Your Destiny is in Your Own Hands'' suggests, he has taken his destiny into his own hands,'' Shittu said.
Some of the participants, who spoke to newsmen, commended Oni for his strong will and his resolve to write books to make ends meet without resorting to begging.
Mr Adeniyi Oladele, a participant at the retreat, commended the minister for his kind gesture and implored other highly placed Nigerians to emulate him.
“Highly placed Nigerians and politicians should learn to assist ordinary Nigerians without ethnic or religious bias just as the minister has demonstrated today,'' Oladele said. (NAN)
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Las Vegas Metro police are looking for two people in connection with a robbery in the northwest valley.
On April 29, police said the man and woman entered a business near Rainbow Boulevard and Cheyenne Avenue. They stole items and threatened to shoot someone with a firearm.
The first suspect was described as a 6'1" tall black man about 250 lbs. with a goatee. The woman was described by police as Hispanic, 5'7" and 170 lbs. She has tattoos on her right arm and chest.
Anyone with information is urged to call the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department Commercial Robbery Section at (702) 828-
3591 or, to remain anonymous, call Crime Stoppers at (702) 385-5555 or visit www.crimestoppersofnv.com.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
MIAMI (WSVN) - A shooting near a Miami convenience store ended with a person being transported to the hospital with a gunshot wound.
Miami Police and Fire Rescue are on the scene near Northwest Seventh Avenue and 32nd Street in Miami, Wednesday afternoon.
Witnesses told 7News there was some kind of incident in the street between two cars.
The owner of a nearby store said a bullet fired by someone inside at least one car struck one of his customers in the foot.
Police have roped off the area along Northwest Seventh Avenue as they conduct their investigation.
The victim was transported to Jackson Memorial Hospital in stable condition.
Please check back on WSVN.com and 7News for more details on this developing story.
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Thursday, October 19th from 6-9pm at the Greenville Hilton join WNCT 9 On Your Side Morning Edition Anchor, Maria Satira and the Young Professionals of Pitt County for WIGGIN' OUT for Charity. Wear a wig of any color, any style to this fun event that benefits a great cause, Vidant Cancer Care.
Get your tickets or more information at www.pofpitt.org/shop
Why electing inexperienced politicians like Trump is backfiring In Western democracies now, everybody — everybody — hates professional politicians. In Britain, the thuddingly conventional Theresa May called an election meant to empower her and barely squeaked by an...
Winter coat winners at Fashion Week After the constant bombardment by dreary, severe weather, one should be dreaming of sun-soaked days and liberation from outerwear. But, against all odd, the latest crop of coats on Fashion...
$72M in cheques written to ghost suppliers
In a clear breach of financial regulations, Region Six, East Berbice/Corentyne Democratic Council, has been preparing millions of dollars in cheques for supplies no one even knew existed.
During the statutory Public Accounts Committee (PAC) meeting at Parliament chambers on Monday, the issue was extensively discussed and PAC Chairman Irfaan Ali sought answers to the worrying development.
The irregularity was found in 2015 when the Auditor General's Office conducted a financial audit of that Region's affairs. The Region is still in receipt of a number of those cheques and was advised to send them to the Accountant General's department to be deposited into the consolidated fund.
Additionally, the Region has been preparing these cheques based on the local tender board approval of projects rather than invoices provided by suppliers for supplies that should have been provided.
The Deputy Regional Executive Officer who is responsible for finance was asked to explain why such breaches occurred.
Ali asked the DREO after the Tender Board awarded the contract, what were the criteria used to prepare the cheques. The DREO explained that it was upon the Tender Board's award that the cheques were prepared. “You can't cut a cheque based on a Tender Board award,” Ali lamented.
Strangely these cheques were prepared in advance of the expected delivery of the supplies and were made out for the full amount. Ali was baffled about the reasoning behind such a move.
“So if you cut a cheque for $8M and the man does $2M dollar work what happens there?”
The officer was advised that this should not be done; probing further Ali sought more clarity on the issue from the DREO whose answer did not find favour with the PAC Chairman. At this point he suggested that the Region take some time to get the facts straight.
When the regional officials returned much did not change with regard to the explanation they gave and it was at this point the Chairman began to get impatient with the group. The DREO told the committee that no invoices were prepared by any supplier, but that it was his decision to prepare the cheques based on the Tender Board award.
“Mr. Chairman, I admit that the supplies should have been provided before cheques were prepared”. After further questioning it was realized that the Region had in fact prepared a number of cheques to suppliers that didn't exist.
This was to ensure that monies are not sent back to central government and to ensure that their books were balanced.
The Chairman admonished the Regional officers and informed them that such practices are unethical and leaves room for serious irregularities and this should cease. He asked if the practice was still ongoing and was answered in the negative by the REO, Kim Williams Stephens.
“You are before the Public Accounts Committee, REO, and this is not a show court. This is a serious committee.” Ali said that should he find out otherwise he will recommend that sanctions be brought against the Region and its officials.
When the Auditor General Office did an audit of that Regional Council in 2015 he found that 240 cheques totaling $72.39M were still with the Regional Accounting Unit and the Sub-Treasury. Two hundred and twenty-seven of those cheques were returned to the Accountant General's Department while the remainder is still sitting at the Region Six office.
The regional officials explain that efforts will be made to update and return the cheques so that they can be deposited into the consolidated fund.
MADISON, N.J. (AP) — Allergan is voluntarily recalling packs of its birth control pills in the U.S. because of a packaging error with placebos, increasing the possibility of unintended pregnancy.
The company says four placebo pills were placed out of order in the Taytulla packs. Allergan says the first four days of therapy had four non-hormonal placebo capsules instead of active capsules.
The recall involves lot 5620706, which expires in May 2019. Consumers who have those birth control pills should arrange to return them to their physicians.
Consumers with questions about the recall are being asked to contact Allergan at 800-678-1605, Monday through Friday.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Airbnb's edge on room prices depends on tax advantages
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws Pause
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
0:41 Cal Poly Rose Parade float heads to Pasadena under the cover of darkness
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
0:31 On election night, Heidi Harmon shared her goals for SLO
2:42 Trump's White House
2:30 Rep. Mick Mulvaney to Epipen CEO: 'You get what you deserve'
1:58 After fire, SLO-Botics team uses French Hospital space to regroup for competition
0:44 How an officer can tell whether a driver is stoned
A prominent prison-reform activist made lewd sexual advances on at least three women, forcing his non-profit to shell out thousands of dollars in hush money, it was revealed Friday.
Glenn E. Martin suddenly departed JustLeadershipUSA in December as the group announced that it had “reluctantly accepted” the founder's resignation.
But the New York Times reported Friday night that three women accused Martin of predatory advances and one of them got a $25,000 payout to keep quiet.
That woman said Martin groped and propositioned her in August, 2015. She was willing to breach a confidentiality agreement to support other women also allegedly targeted by him.
“I joined JLUSA to empower people and instead had all the power taken away from me,” she told the paper.
“I was rendered powerless and silenced while he was empowered with an even bigger microphone.”
In a carefully worded statement posted on its site Friday, JustLeadershipUSA said it investigated the allegations against Martin and found no wrongdoing by the organization.
“In late 2017, Glenn E. Martin, the founder and former president of JustLeadershipUSA (JLUSA) informed the Board of Directors that he was facing general allegations of misconduct,” according to the group.
“The board initiated an independent investigation to ensure that JLUSA provided a safe and appropriate work environment. The investigation resulted in no discovery of wrongdoing at JLUSA. In December 2017, Mr. Martin decided that it would be in the best interest of the organization for him to resign.”
The woman who got $25,000 and a second victim both said Martin came on to them at his Harlem apartment, where JustLeadershipUSA ran its early operations.
That second woman said Martin masturbated in front of her in early 2016.
The third accuser said of a February, 2017 encounter with Martin: “He tried to kiss me. He grabbed my neck. He tried to pull my pants down.”
Martin's lawyer Keith White denied the stories about his client, saying “These allegations are simply not true.”
A controversial deal to hand two Red Sea islands to Saudi Arabia is backed by Egypt's parliament....
read more...
Published By: BBC News Africa - Today
Toa Maoni yako hapa - Add your comment
Related News
Many beneficiaries will be signing up for Medicare plans later in the fall, but this summer marks a big date in Medicare history -- the 20th anniversary of Medicare Advantage. Cathy Harvey from UnitedHealthcare is here with us to discuss Medicare Advantage and the Open Enrollment period.
For more information about UnitedHealthcare plans, visit UHCMedicarePlans.com or call -800-UHC-6509.
House caught on fire in Webster Groves
A fire broke out at a house located at the intersection of Fairview Avenue and Bompart Avenue in Webster Groves, roughly a mile away from the university campus. The Webster Groves Fire Department confirmed the family was not home when the department was notified about the fire around 2:00 pm on Tuesday.
The American Red Cross arrived at the scene a little after 3:00 pm. They said no one had been injured in the fire and no one was trapped in the house, which the Fire Department confirmed. The cause of the fire has not been identified yet.
The majority of Fairview Avenue has been blocked off by the authorities as well as the street's intersection with Bompart Avenue as the fire department completes its work.
The Journal will update the story as more information comes in.
Share this post
Syracuse's Kendall Coleman, right, dives to tackle North Carolina State's Jalan McClendon, left, in the second quarter of an NCAA college football game in Syracuse, N.Y., Saturday, Nov. 12, 2016. (AP Photo/Nick Lisi)
Baylor added another quarterback to its roster on Monday. Jalan McClendon has committed to the Bears as a graduate transfer from N.C. State. McClendon will join the Bears after he graduates in May.
McClendon is a big quarterback (6-5, 221 lbs), and will add depth behind Charlie Brewer and Gerry Bohanon. McClendon will be just the third scholarship quarterback on the Baylor roster. The Bears have been searching for more depth at the position since Zach Smith transfered to Tulsa in December.
McClendon played in 14 games in his Wolfpack career with zero starts. McClendon completed 26 of 47 passing attempts for 262 yards and two touchdowns. He also rushed for 223 yards on 46 attempts for two touchdowns in his career.
McClendon played in one game last season for the Wolfpack, going 2 for 3 for 17 yards through the air and had 67 yards on the ground.
By Abby Hassler
A federal judge dropped Taylor Swift from the complaint in a suit filed by radio host David Mueller.
Related: Taylor Swift Takes Stand in Trial Vs Former Denver DJ
Mueller sued Swift in 2015, claiming he was fired after false allegations that he groped the singer at an event in 2013. Swift countersued that same year claiming sexual assault and battery.
“Taylor Swift did not act improperly,” Judge William J. Martínez said in United States District Court in Denver, according to the New York Times. Martínez said Mueller offered, “insufficient evidence Miss Taylor Swift acted improperly when she reported an assault she truly believed happened.”
Despite Swift being dropped from the case, the judge allowed the suit to continue against the other two defendants, Swift's mother, Andrew Swift, and Frank Bell (one of Swift's managers). Swift's countersuit will also continue.
Closing arguments are expected today.
Deputy Governor of Imo, Mr Eze Madumere, said he would pursue his governorship ambition to a logical conclusion in spite of opposition from the governor, Chief Rochas Okorocha.
In a statement by Mr Uche Onwuchekwa, his Media aide, Madumere said that no amount of opposition from the governor would make him to lose sight of the ambition.
He said “God is the giver of power and decider of destiny and no man born of a woman can stop my ambition.
“I think that from the wealth of my experience as a seasoned administrator both in public and private sectors, I am the most qualified to take Imo state to the next level.''
Madumere, however, revealed that the “greatest opposition'' to his ambition was from people he nurtured politically.
He said he was betrayed by people he brought into politics, but stressed that no level of betrayal or sabotage could stop him from the governorship race.
Okorocha had some weeks ago announced in the state that his son in-law and current Chief of Staff to him, Mr Uche Nwosu, would succeed him as governor in 2019.
Graduate student Nicholas Posegay, AB'16, has won a Gates Cambridge Scholarship to study at the University of Cambridge beginning in the fall. One of 36 U.S. recipients chosen from a pool of approximately 800 applicants, Posegay will pursue a PhD in Asian and Middle Eastern Studies.
The Gates Cambridge Scholarships, announced Feb. 9, are awarded to students who exhibit outstanding intellectual ability and leadership potential, and who demonstrate a commitment to improving others' lives.
As an historian, Posegay is interested in exploring interfaith interactions in the medieval Middle East—a period in which Jews, Christians and Muslims shared a textual and intellectual tradition and engaged in a free and lively exchange.
He said drawing on this robust past can contribute to better understanding of the area today. “Educating others about the Middle East, with an emphasis on linguistic and religious diversity, is the best way for me to contribute to broadening perceptions about multiculturalism in the region,” Posegay said. “The Gates Cambridge Scholarship allows me to work toward this goal at a University that has resources which are unparalleled in their value to my research.”
Posegay completed his undergraduate coursework in Near Eastern Languages and Civilizations in just three years. Now in the final year of a joint BA/MA degree in Middle Eastern Studies, he plans to graduate in June.
“Nicholas's proposal to study interactions between Jews, Christians and Muslims in the medieval Middle East is both fascinating as a research topic and has clear relevance for today's efforts to find solidarity despite ethnic, religious and linguistic differences,” said John W. Boyer, dean of the College. “We congratulate Nicholas on this achievement, and look forward to reading his scholarship."
Dispelling stereotypes of Middle East
In an effort to read original texts from the medieval period, Posegay has studied Arabic, Hebrew, Syriac and Judaeo-Arabic. In 2016 he was the recipient of a U.S. Department of State Critical Language Scholarship to study intensive Arabic in Morocco; this year he has continued his Arabic language studies through a Foreign Language and Area Studies Fellowship from the U.S. Department of Education.
During his time in the College, Posegay served as a docent at the Oriental Institute Museum, leading tours involving the history, culture and archaeology of the ancient Near East. He also worked as a membership and development assistant, authoring education materials for tours and working on the annual lecture series. In 2015, he co-founded UChicago Majalla, a student-run, Arabic-language journal he continues to edit.
After earning his doctorate at Cambridge, Posegay plans to share his knowledge as a professor, with an eye toward dispelling negative stereotypes of the Middle East. ‘It is my hope that my teaching will enable students to analyze historical events—as well as modern conflicts—with a multifaceted perspective that goes beyond notions of ‘intractable' religious feuds.”
Posegay is the 22nd UChicago student to receive a Gates Cambridge Scholarship since the award's inception in 2001. He was supported throughout his application process by the College Center for Scholarly Advancement, which assists undergraduates and College alumni through the highly competitive application processes for prestigious national scholarships and fellowships.
Can't find eclipse glasses? Here are some options
hello
Many suburban stores are sold out of eclipse glasses, leaving people scrambling to find a pair before Monday afternoon's astronomical event.
Several suburban Lowe's and Walmart stores, which were selling eclipse glasses for around $2 a pair, said Monday they've been sold out since last week. American Science & Surplus in West Chicago put a "sold out" sign on its front door Monday, also announcing the news on its Facebook page and voicemail.
Manager Megan Slaker said the store sold "thousands" of pairs of eclipse glasses in the past few months -- both the $2 cardstock version and the wraparound plastic version for $17.50. The 2,000 pairs the store had left on Saturday were gone by Monday morning, even though purchases were limited to four per family. Demand has been rising as the eclipse date nears.
"We could have sold 10,000 more," Slaker said. "It's to the point where people are going on eBay and Craigslist and buying them for a ridiculous amount of money. I heard a pair of (the plastic glasses) was going for $80 on eBay now. It's crazy."
A quick check of Craigslist and eBay showed that, indeed, a secondary market has emerged, with many glasses priced at double their value or higher.
Adding to the stress is Amazon.com's announcement Sunday that it would refund customers who might have purchased solar eclipse glasses that do not comply with industry safety standards.
"It's kind of frustrating," said Arlington Heights resident Carol Ficks, who has gone to Jewel, Walgreens and a few other stores in search of a pair of glasses this past week but came up empty. "All of a sudden ... no one can find them."
Bill Hobday of Schaumburg has called several stores in search of a pair, but every place has been sold out. He's leery of buying them online and questions why retailers didn't have more in stock, given all the hype about the eclipse.
"They probably cost someone 10 cents to make, and the margin on these things have to be awesome," he said with a laugh. "I'm going to keep looking ... but I'll probably end up watching it on TV."
If you can't find a pair of eclipse glasses, what should you do? Don't assume your sunglasses will be enough, because experts say looking at the eclipse without the proper eye protection can cause permanent eye damage within seconds.
Here are several options:
• Shop online. There are legitimate businesses selling eclipse viewing glasses; just beware of fakes. A list at https://eclipse.aas.org/resources/solar-filters contains NASA-certified sellers. The extra-dark glasses need to meet the ISO 12312-2 international safety standards. Just remember that because the glasses say that on them doesn't mean they're authentic.
• Attend a viewing event in the suburbs. Places like Naper Settlement in Naperville, the Morton Arboretum in Lisle and the Chicago Botanic Garden in Glencoe are hosting eclipse-viewing events that include glasses in the admission price. Limited numbers of glasses will be available during viewing events at suburban libraries, including Arlington Heights, Glen Ellyn, Itasca, Wheaton, Roselle, Lake Zurich, Libertyville, Prospect Heights and Lake in the Hills.
• Contact retail chains that are authorized sellers to see if they still have them in stock, including 7-Eleven, Best Buy, Casey's General Store, Circle K, Hobby Town, Love's Travel Stops, Lowe's, Pilot/Flying J, Toys "R" Us, and Walmart. The complete list, including online vendors, is at https://eclipse.aas.org/resources/solar-filters.
• Get a pair at the Adler Planetarium, or from an Adler Planetarium ambassador in Chicago. The ambassadors will hand them out from 7 a.m. to 1 p.m. Wednesday at Daley Plaza, from 1 to 7 p.m. Thursday on the south end of Grant Park, and at Lagunitas Brewing Co., 2607 W. 17th St., from 12:30 to 6:30 p.m. Friday. There also will be glasses available to people who come to the Adler Planetarium's Eclipse Fest on Monday.
• Forget the glasses and make a pinhole projector using a piece of cardboard and a piece of paper. Instructions are at http://astrosociety.org/edu/publications/tnl/05/stars2.html. Harper College in Palatine will have pinhole viewer making stations available during its viewing party at noon Monday.
• Try Chicago retailers and libraries. Some glasses-seekers report having better luck at city retailers. On Monday, Chicago Public Library branches began handing out glasses on a first-come, first-served basis.
For more options on where to get glasses, see the Adler Planetarium's page at www.adlerplanetarium.org/faq/can-get-solar-eclipse-glasses/
The eclipse begins in Chicago at about 11:54 a.m. Monday. At about 1:19 p.m., depending on your exact location, the moon will block 87 percent of the sun.
For more information on viewing the eclipse safely, see NASA's page at https://eclipse2017.nasa.gov/safety.
The Las Vegas Valley saw a cool down on May 1 when rain storms passed through the valley. Rain was expected Wednesday with cooler temperatures to follow through the week before another heat up.
On a mobile device? Click/tap here to see the photos.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
John Cena suffered one of the most lopsided losses of his career in April at WrestleMania 34, losing to 53-year-old icon The Undertaker in less than three minutes.
Cena didn't have an official match scheduled for the event and spent much of WrestleMania watching from a floor seat surrounded by fans, but The Undertaker eventually emerged for the dream match WWE fans had been anticipating for more than a decade. Cena-Taker wasn't much of a match, though, and the Deadman dominated Cena, turning back the clock with a number of his signature moves.
Cena's only appearance since WrestleMania 34 was at the Greatest Royal Rumble, where he beat Triple H in a singles match. Cena opened up on his role at WrestleMania 34 in an interview with Sports Illustrated.
Via SI:
/ Front page / News
Update: 3:43PM A DIFFERENCE between the Ministry of Women�s drawings account and the government�s Financial Management Information System (FMIS) raised the concern of the Public Accounts Committee this morning.
The PAC received was receiving submissions this morning from the permanent secretary for Women, Children and Poverty Alleviation and his team on the 2014 and 2015 audit findings.
One of the audit issues highlighted by PAC chairman Ashneel Sudhakar was the variance of $1,521,623.18 between the ministry�s drawings account reconciliation and the FMIS general ledger balance as at December 31, 2014.
�Why is this and why is the difference so high?� Mr Sudhakar said.
The Ministry of Women�s finance spokesperson said the Ministry of Finance had prepared the drawings account reconciliations for them on a monthly basis from July to October 2014 and these variances may have been brought forward from the old system in prior years.
PAC Opposition member Aseri Radrodro said this was the result of lack of supervision and training for ministry staff and the lack of co-ordination with Ministry of Finance.
FG to secure $600 million investment fund for mining sector
Federal government of Nigeria is working with the Nigeria stock exchange and others to secure a $600 million investment fund for the mining sector. Yemi Osibanjo, Acting president of Nigeria disclosed this in Abuja on Tuesday stating that the mining sector is a priority for the Nigeria government and a push up for economic growth…
This content is for Standard & Premium Digital Subscribers only. Visit the site and log in/register to read.
The post FG to secure $600 million investment fund for mining sector appeared first on BusinessDay : News you can trust.
This post was syndicated from BusinessDay : News you can trust. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Danielle Bregoli is determined to not fade away into obscurity. The 13-year-old living and breathing meme has an online clothing store, with hoodies and sweaters with her famous catchphrase adorned on the front.
These sweaters have landed her in a little bit of hot water, however. Clothing manufacturer Hanes sent Bregoli and her mother a letter asking her to stop selling her hoodies and sweaters featuring that stitching, because the “C” used is nearly identical to the logo used by Champion sportswear, which is owned by Hanes.
A sneak peak of our new Fall/Winter '16 Collection! All about what #RealChampions want – style, comfort & quality. pic.twitter.com/YLWjfpcQbb — ChampionUSA (@ChampionUSA) May 11, 2016
In a statement obtained by TMZ, Hanes says it needs to protect its “extensive consumer goodwill and reputation.” Hanes gave the Bregolis a week to cease production of any of the merch with the similar “C.”
Dear Diary,
It's time for your Shiloh update. Last night was quite rowdy for a Tuesday. I was killing time playing slots while housekeeping was in my room.
The lounge turned into the ‘Star Wars' cantina. The best was when a man at the bar who had previously been talking about his wife for the last 40 minutes offered to buy me a white wine spritzer.
I'm good.
Then the tweakers came and basically intimidated me away from my slot machine. That's fine. I won a cool hundred on the next machine and decided to return to my room before Greedo, the bounty hunter, got there.
So, I have been enjoying my new job for almost three months now. I feel so blessed to be working with such a great crew. Everyone has a fabulous attitude and a ready smile.
Until now.
I finally have run across the one person who has major ‘tude. This person will not make eye contact with me, has a bad attitude and and is really obvious in their snubs. I don't know why. I've never had a negative occurrence with this person or given them reason to be so rude. Oh well. Some people are just not happy and want others to not be as well.
Luckily, that will not get me down because everyone else is amazing.
Talk to you tomorrow,
Corey
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) – A 54-year-old Minneapolis man is accused of murder after he apparently choked his girlfriend's brother to death during a domestic incident in New Brighton last Friday, according to charges filed in Ramsey County Court.
Steven Maurice Abrams was charged with second-degree murder with intent not premeditated in connection with the incident.
According to the charges, New Brighton police were called at about 8 p.m. to a domestic incident at 1476 20th Avenue NW. When officers arrived, they found a 58-year-old man down and unresponsive inside the residence. The man was taken to a hospital, where he died a short time later.
An adult female told police that her domestic partner, identified as Abrams, assaulted her brother. She had kicked Abrams out of the residence earlier that day. He came back, her brother let him in and Abrams assaulted her. Her brother intervened, called 911 and Abrams grabbed him and threw him around the apartment.
The complaint stats the woman's brother fell to the ground, and Abrams kneeled on top of him and choked him with both hands. He also bounced up and down on the man's chest while he continued to choke him. The man said, “Please stop, I can't breathe.” Abrams said he didn't care and that he was going to kill him. The man lost consciousness, and Abrams didn't stop choking him until police arrived.
According to the complaint, Abrams was still on scene when officers arrived and appeared intoxicated. He yelled to officers, “I choked his ass.” He was arrested and just before getting into a squad car, he told officers, “I told that b***h I was going to f*****g kill him.”
The complaint states Abrams spoke with police and said he and the woman had been together for 20 years. He said she kicked him out of her residence that day and when he came back, her brother was carrying his bags out. Abrams said they exchanged words and her brother put his hands on him. Abrams said, “I had my hands around his mother f*****g throat, and I tried to choke his tongue pallet out of his mother f*****g throat.”
Abrams said he has tired of the girlfriend's brother being in their lives. He said the victim might have asked him to stop. Abrams said, “But right then I didn't have any mercy.” When investigators told Abrams the victim had died, he said, “That's bull***t.” He then said, “Ok, he was dying anyway.”
The Midwest Medical Examiner's Office determined the man died from injuries consistent with strangulation and ruled the death a homicide.
If convicted, Abrams faces up to 40 years in jail.
/ Front page / News
PEOPLE who wish to apply for the Rain Water Harvesting (RWH) scheme will have to meet certain requirements in order to qualify for the assistance.
This was revealed by the Minister for Housing and Infrastructure Parveen Kumar.
Mr Kumar said residents needed to go through the proper screening criteria.
"Households need to prepare the base of the installation and to have properly installed guttering system on their rooftop, together with a proper downpipe to channel water into the water tank," he said.
"Individuals need to apply through application forms available at all Water Authority of Fiji (WAF) offices and through commissioners' offices."
Mr Kumar said the applications were screened based on three priority criteria.
"Firstly, a customer must live in urban areas where the present WAF system does not cater for the peak day demand.
"Secondly, a customer may not be connected to rural water supply systems or is not enjoying satisfactory water services. Finally, households and public buildings that are prone to water shortages are also eligible for such assistance."
Mr Kumar said the assistance would be on a first-come-first-serve basis and existing households which had water tanks would not qualify.
As of January 27 this year, 2108 applications were processed and ready for distribution.
HIALEAH, FLA. (WSVN) - A home surveillance camera helped police capture an alleged thief involved in several South Florida burglaries.
Twenty-year-old Bryan Canut now faces multiple charges, including burglary and grand theft.
According to police, Canut was seen stealing a lawn mover from a homeowner's tool shed by surveillance cameras at Hialeah home.
The burglary happened along west 79th Place near West Eighth Avenue.
Police said the video helped them link Canut to at least two other crimes in the area.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
A talented Banbridge dancer is celebrating success on a global scale.
Eimear McAlinden, who is the daughter of Catherine and Edward McAlinden of Downshire Interiors, danced her way to becoming CRDM World Champion 2018 in the Citywest hotel, Dublin.
At the event on April 7, The Royal Tara Dance Academy student competed three rounds in front of five judges receiving a perfect score of 100 from each judge giving a total of 500.
No stranger to winning top trophies, Eimear has been dancing from the age of five.
Over the years she has devoted all her spare time to attending class and to practicing in the hope of eventually winning the
world title. Eimear first competed in the World Championships in 2015 where she was placed 15th and has since steadily climbed the ranks.
She has taken top five placings in many major championships including Ulster's and All Ireland's.
Eimear has extended thanks to thank her previous teacher Rebecca McCreedy and to her current teachers of the Royal Tara Dance Academy who have worked hard with her, helping Eimear achieve her goal.
An advertisement is played on a set of large screens at the Microsoft Office in Cambridge, Massachusetts, U.S., on January 25, 2017. Source: Reuters/Brian Snyder
7 Social Buzz
A TEAM of Microsoft researchers announced last week a “historic milestone” – the development of the first machine translation system that apparently has the same quality and accuracy as a person when translating Chinese news articles to English.
After testing a sample set which included around 2,000 sentences from various online newspapers, researchers from Microsoft's Asia and US labs announced in a company blog post that their bot system had achieved “human parity”. Microsoft even hired external bilingual human evaluators to verify the machine's translation accuracy.
The leveraging of artificial intelligence (AI)-powered bots in the newsrooms is a growing trend across the globe. Many publishers are experimenting with different AI services to enhance and streamline a variety of processes to deliver faster news and expand coverage. Such efforts are to help journalists focus on more valuable tasks.
SEE ALSO: Chinese police now using sunglasses with facial recognition
Robots have been shown to have out-performed humans on a range of complex strategy games and have developed human skills such as driving, creating music, and even writing poetry. But reaching the levels of humans in the skill of translation is seen as one of the most challenging tasks for machines to master.
“Hitting human parity in a machine translation task is a dream that all of us have had,” said Xuedong Huang, a US-based technical fellow in charge of Microsoft's speech, natural language and machine translation efforts. “We just didn't realise we'd be able to hit it so soon,” he said in the blog post.
In order to reach this AI-powered translation milestone, three research teams in Microsoft's Beijing, Redmond, and Washington labs worked together. The teams used a variety of training methods to train its AI systems, including deep neural networks. This meant that the translations were more likened to human capability.
The visions of China's central government in building a US$150 billion AI industry by 2030 is seeing the adoption of bots in journalism gain speeding momentum.
The country has already seen developments in this field. In 2015, China's largest internet company, Tencent Holdings, developed “Dreamwriter”, a bot which could create an almost flawless 1000 words, basic financial news stories in Chinese – in an impressive 60 seconds.
Furthermore, in 2016, Toutiao, one of the country's most widely used news apps, developed Xiaomingbot. This impressive journo-bot churned out stories (mostly sports news) which gained as much engagement as stories written by human reporters.
SEE ALSO: Communist China is leading the electric vehicle revolution
But what does this advancement from Microsoft mean for the thousands of reporters in China? Could their translating days be numbered and snatched away from them by AI-powered bots?
According to Yang Yang, a features writer for one of the largest English Language newspapers in China, it would take years before robots could do her job.
“It is not just language skills. Being a good reporter, you need to experience, feel and even smell. Good [journalism] work is a combination of your memory and creation. It would be difficult for robots to achieve,” Yang told the South China Morning Post.
Police appealing for information after a 17-year-old boy was sexually assaulted in Wigan.
At around 1.40am on Sunday, August 6, the victim was walking on Ormskirk Road in the direction of UpHolland Labour Club when he was approached by a man.
This is clearly a very concerning incident which has left the victim shaken and upset
The offender started speaking to the boy before he touched him inappropriately.
The victim pushed the attacker away, before the man attempted to assault him again.
Despite asking the attacker to leave him alone, the man grabbed the boy around the head, with the teenager punching him. The offender then made off from the scene in the direction of The Buffs pub.
The suspect is described as white, 6ft tall, aged in his 30s to 40s and of stocky build. He was wearing a flyweight blue rain jacket, blue baggy jeans and black shoes.
Det Con Pete Reil, of Lancashire Police, said: “This is clearly a very concerning incident which has left the victim shaken and upset.
“Despite asking to be left alone on several occasions, the attacker has sexually assaulted the boy, before grabbing the teenager around the head. It was only after the victim fought the man off that he was left alone.
“The description of the offender involved is very good and we believe someone must know who this man is. If you recognise him, contact us immediately.”
Anyone with information can contact police on 101 quoting crime reference SB1703433.
Alternatively independent charity Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555 111 or online at Crimestoppers-uk.org.
Some unsolicited advice for Jets fans: Stay away from camp reports regarding your team's depressing quarterback battle this summer. They're only going to drive you mad.
Take the coverage of second-year Christian Hackenberg, for instance. He's either wildly inaccurate — hitting reporters with errant throws — or looking fantastic, as he reportedly did during Tuesday's practice. I couldn't imagine riding that roller coaster every day for the next three months.
This happens every year at camps across the league. We're so desperate for football at this point that we eat up these reports even though we know they're useless. And that hunger for NFL news — no matter how useless — has only grown in recent years, so now we're getting practice stats.
Hackenberg is now 11 of 14 today with one pick, one drop, one regular incompleted pass. #Jets — Darryl Slater (@DarrylSlater) June 13, 2017
You hear that A.I.? Practice stats.
There's no reason I should know Hackenberg went 11-of-14 in practice on a Tuesday in June. It's as insignificant as the reports of the second-year QB hitting some reporters with some of his passes — which, by the way, are totally overblown. I mean this is a bad throw, but not as bad as a tweet with no video would have you believe.
The Christian Hackenberg Experience pic.twitter.com/CszEeSyUOt — Daniel Popper (@danielrpopper) June 13, 2017
Jet fans really have no reason to be invested in this quarterback battle anyway. Barring Hackenberg shocking everyone and showing franchise QB potential in 2017, the Jets will take a quarterback at the top of next year's draft — probably with the very first pick given their shocking lack of talent.
Josh McCown won't be in New York next season, unless he's in a clearly defined backup role. Bryce Petty may not even be in the NFL by this time next year. And Hackenberg could be viewed as an unsalvageable afterthought if the Jets draft their next great hope.
There's no reason to get attached to any of these guys, so why drive yourself crazy keeping up with these daily reports, which will be utterly useless come September?
There are better ways to spend your time. For instance, did you know the NFL has Super Bowl III on YouTube to watch for free? Just watch that from now until the 2018 draft if you need a football fix, Jets fans.
Scott Olson/Getty Images(NEW YORK) — Nearly 14 years after she reported being sexually assaulted by former Olympic team doctor Larry Nassar, Brianne Randall-Gay heard words she thought she would never hear from the authorities who took his word over hers and caused her to be consumed by self-doubt and emotional turmoil.
“I want to first start with the most important reason we're here and that's to apologize on behalf of the community and the police department,” an emotional Frank Walsh, the manager of Meridian Township, Michigan, told Randall-Day during a news conference on Thursday. “We failed you. We let you down.”
Randall-Gay went to the Meridian Township Police Department in 2004 and told them that Nassar had sexually abused her. She even submitted to a rape kit.
But the officer who took her report did not pass it on to prosecutors to consider charges, officials said. Instead, he believed Nassar's over the victim when the doctor told him that the then 17-year-old girl had mistaken his medical procedures for deviant behavior.
“We were deceived. We wish we had this one back,” Police Chief Dave Hall, told Randall-Gay.
Hall added: “I think I could apologize everyday for the rest of my life.”
Randall-Gay, now a 30-year-old married mother, listened to the apologies via Skype video connection from her home in Seattle. The outpouring of public regret came after Hall and Walsh first privately apologized to her in a phone call on Jan. 19.
“I immediately broke down as they apologized,” Randall-Gay said of the phone call she got from the Meridian Township officials. “This was a phone call I had been waiting almost 14 years for.”
Last week, Randall-Gay faced Nassar in Ingham County Circuit Court and gave a victim statement along with 155 other women and girls — including Olympic gymnastic stars Aly Raisman, McKayla Maroney, Jordyne Weiber and Jamie Dantzcher — who say they were sexually abused by the former doctor.
“You had the audacity to tell [police] I misunderstood the treatment because I was not comfortable with my body,” Randall-Gay told Nassar. “Sadly, they took your word instead of mine.”
Following the seven-day hearing, Judge Rosemarie Aquilina sentenced Nassar, 54 — who pleaded guilty to multiple counts of felony sexual misconduct — to 40 to 175 years in prison. The punishment was on top of 60 years he was given after pleading guilty in December to federal charges of possessing child pornography.
Prosecutors have asked a judge in Eaton County, Michigan, to give Nassar an additional 40 to 125 years in prison for multiple counts of sexual misconduct he pleaded guilty to there. On Wednesday, the first group of the 65 victims started giving impact statements, which are expected to continue next week.
During the emotional news conference Thursday, Hall and Walsh promised Randall-Gay they will adopt a series of initiatives and department training so that no other victim of sexual assault will feel their complaints are disregarded.
“When I reported my abuse to Meridian Township in 2004, I was disappointed that there were no charges,” Randall-Gay said on Thursday. “I felt my complaint was ignored. I felt like I was ignored.”
After being told Nassar's treatments were “legitimate medical procedures,” she said, “this caused me to question myself. For over a decade I struggled.”
She said it wasn't until 2016 when the Indianapolis Star newspaper reported Nassar, who was also a former sports medicine doctor at Michigan State University, had been abusing young girls for years and prosecutors launched an investigation of the physician, that she realized she was finally going to be vindicated.
“This has been a difficult 16 months as I have had to process the abuse I suffered at the hands of Larry Nassar and to realize the breadth of his abuse on so many young women and children,” Randall-Gay said.
Walsh, who became Meridian Township's manager in 2013, said he wasn't informed of Randall-Gay's complaint until Michigan State University Police contacted him on Sept. 16, 2016. He said township officials were barred by prosecutors, including the state Attorney General's Office, from publicly releasing the complaint Randall-Gay filed until Nassar was sentenced in Ingham County.
The complaint was finally made public on Wednesday.
Walsh said they decided to call Randall-Gay before the report was released. He said she took them up on their offer to pay for her to travel to Michigan when she decided at the last minute to face Nassar in court.
He choked back tears when he recalled listening to Randall-Gay confront Nassar.
“I'll never forget it,” he said. “I'll never forget the embrace we shared after her testimony. Meeting Brianne has really touched my life. This sounds kind of strange, but I'm thankful for the opportunity.”
Chief Hall said he also ordered a review of all criminal sexual assault complaints his department has taken between 2000 and 2018. He said the review specifically covered all the criminal sexual assault complaints taken by Sgt. Andrew McCready, the officer Randall-Gay told of Nassar's abuse in 2004.
“He investigated 14 reports during that period of time and they were all in order, except for Brianne's,” Hall said.
As part of the new initiatives on how his department will handle sexual assault victims in the future, he said Randall-Gay has offered to do a training video to tell her story and work with McCready on developing a community outreach program that instructs victims on how to report sexual abuse.
Hall said that beginning immediately, he's taken it upon himself to review and sign off on all sexual assault cases his department investigates “just to make sure we're doing what we say we're doing.”
Randall-Gay said she believes Hall and Walsh are sincere.
“They discussed specific actions they would be taking as a department to ensure this never happens again,” she said. “Although it dose not erase the pain I have suffered … this process has allowed me to take steps in letting go of the anger I had.”
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
COLUMBUS, Ind. -- A 7-year-old Columbus girl was treated for the flu and scarlet fever before her death, according to the coroner.
Bartholomew County Coroner Clayton Nolting said Savanna Jessie was found unresponsive in her home Thursday morning and rushed to Columbus Regional Hospital where she was pronounced dead.
Nolting said the child was being treated after testing positive for influenza B, strep throat and scarlet fever.
An autopsy will be performed by a forensic pathologist to determine her exact cause of death.
Nolting says a final ruling on her cause of death is pending review of medical records, toxicology and histology reports and could take up to three weeks.
According to a YouCaring page set up for the family, Savanna leaves behind her father, mother and several siblings.
"Savanna was a beautiful, funny, loving little girl. She had a very wonderful and tight-knit family," page organizer Linda Schadenfroh posted. "She was not the type to complain about the things she didn't have or what others did have. Savanna valued everything she had. She was a fly by the seat of the pants kind of girl. She loved everybody and everybody loved her."
Bartholomew Consolidated School Corporation released a statement Friday afternoon saying a first grader at CSA Lincoln Elementary School had died.
You can read their full statement and information to parents below.
Two recent court decisions may be complicating cities' efforts to sue banks for predatory lending.
While the courts have affirmed banks' right to file such suits, they are also holding them to a higher standard in proving that banks knowingly steered minority borrowers into high-cost home loans.
By: Nick Schwartz | 11:21 am
Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson and his partner Lauren Hashian welcomed their second child to the world, Tiana Gia Johnson. The Rock wrote a touching message to Hashian following the delivery, and shared an incredible photo of himself holding his daughter.
Johnson still found time to get a workout in afterward.
(Warning: video contains profanity)
Johnson and Hashian also have a 2-year-old daughter, Jasmine.
FROM the dense woodlands of Africa straight to our hearts, the Watoto Children's Choir are coming to the Whitsundays to perform the return of their Signs and Wonders tour.
The Watoto Children's Choir travels the world raising awareness for over 50 million children in Africa who have lost one or both parents to disease, poverty, civil war and HIV/AIDS.
The choir presents personal stories, traditional African music and dance while advocating for vulnerable children and widows who have experienced similar suffering.
The Whitsunday Baptist Church will be hosting the Watoto Children's Choir on Thursday, 14th June, which will be preceded by a free barbeque.
Pastor Craig Yeoman said that this event will present a different perspective to the classic western way of life.
"Many of these are orphan children and they will sing, dance, celebrate and play music with such joy and yet their life circumstances are quite confronting compared with what most of us will ever face,” he said.
"People are still very aware of how (Cyclone Debbie) impacted them and I think that raw emotion will transfer across to what they experience from the Watoto visit.”
The Watoto Children's Choir has toured six continents and performed in front of a diverse range of audiences from retirement homes to royalty.
The choir will also take the stage at Hervey Bay, 6th June, Gladstone, 8th June, Rockhampton, 10th June and Bowen, 15th June.
American Tristan Charboneau collected his third straight moto win and second consecutive overall at round eight of the EMX250 Championship, which ran in conjunction with the 15th round of the FIM Motocross World Championship at Frauenfeld-Gachnang in Switzerland.
Charboneau led every lap of the first moto en route to his third consecutive moto win. In the second moto, he finished third behind Italy's Morgan Lesiardo and Australia's Jed Beaton, but it was enough to claim the overall by four points over Lesiardo.
"It was a good weekend, pretty easy actually, though that second moto was probably the hardest," said Charboneau in a team statement. "Those guys had a lot of drive to get their best finishes of the season, but I gotta give it to Bud Racing and my mechanic for supporting me through the hard times and the good times, giving me this chance to race the European Championship."
Charboneau's Bud Racing Kawasaki teammate, and fellow American, Marshal Weltin also had a good weekend, finishing fourth overall.
EMX250 Overall Finish
OVERALL FINISH RIDER RACE 1 POINTS RACE 2 POINTS BIKE 1st Tristan Charboneau 25 20 Kawasaki 2nd Morgan Lesiardo 16 25 Kawasaki 3rd Mathys Boisrame 15 18 Honda 4th Marshal Weltin 18 14 Kawasaki 5th Jed Beaton 9 22 Honda 6th Adrien Malaval 14 16 Husqvarna 7th Ruben Fernandez 22 8 Kawasaki 8th Pierre Goupillon 10 15 KTM 9th Todd Kellett 12 13 Husqvarna 10th Jere Haavisto 11 11 KTM
EMX250 Championship Standings
GREENVILLE, N.C. (WNCT) —The Greenville City Council voted to name Ann Wall, previously assistant city manager for the city of Charlotte, as Greenville's new city manager.
Wall will begin her position August 1.
While in Charlotte, Wall managed the departments of Fire, Police, Housing and Neighborhood Services, and Community Relations which include 3,600 employees and budgets totaling more than $350 million.
Prior to her position in Charlotte, highlights from Wall's professional career include:
Three years as the assistant city manager for the city of Rocky Mount, where she managed a wide range of departments including Human Resources, Human Relations, Parks and Recreation, and the Department of Water Resources and Public Works.
More than seven years as the director of planning and community development for the city of Rocky Mount.
Eight years as the budget and evaluation manager for the city of Rocky Mount.
More than three years as the assistant city manager for the city of Oviedo, Florida.
Nearly one year as the budget analyst for the city of Orlando, Florida.
More than three years as the management analyst and personnel director for the city of Kinston.
She received her master's degree in public administration from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and a bachelor's degree in city planning from the University of Virginia.
Current City Manager Barbara Lipscombe is retiring on August 31 after five years with the city of Greenville. She will be transitioning to a role as special projects coordinator until that date once Wall assumes the role of city manager.
Wall will be paid $192,764 a year.
0:28 Atascadero Creek threatens nearby home Pause
1:44 SLO County rock climbers take on Cabrillo Peak
2:33 Cheers and jeers: Pro wrestling match at The Graduate is a slamming good time
1:23 Crews install steel mesh along Hwy. 41 to prevent future rockslides
1:26 Here's how Caltrans is shoring up Hwy. 41 hillsides after the rockslide
1:02 Marijuana could find a home in this Grover Beach zone
1:56 Baby elephant seals eat, sleep and cuddle with their moms at the crowded Piedras Blancas rookery
0:40 Oroville dam break would flood almost 200,000 California residents in 7 hours
2:52 What you need to know about the massive Oroville dam emergency in California
Camille Bains, The Canadian Press
VANCOUVER - Outrage over the federal government's announcement about buying the Trans Mountain pipeline to ensure it gets built could fuel unprecedented protests, says a prominent environmentalist who was at the forefront of British Columbia's so-called War in the Woods in the 1990s.
Tzeporah Berman said the fight against the pipeline expansion is even bigger than those over logging in Clayoquot Sound.
Canadians are angry the government is shelling out $4.5 billion to purchase the Trans Mountain pipeline rather than investing in clean energy after Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's climate-change promises during the 2015 election and his later commitment to the Paris climate accord, she said.
“My experience is that people are motivated by betrayal, they're motivated by a lack of fairness, they're motivated by a sense of shared common purpose and outrage. In this case we have all of that,” said Berman, who was cleared of aiding and abetting protesters at the Clayoquot blockade and is now an adjunct professor of environmental studies at York University in Toronto.
Berman said the Liberal government “made a very big mistake” by backing Kinder Morgan's project and alienating voters to create “a perfect storm” that would prompt people to take action.
“I think a lot of us who knocked on doors for the Trudeau government really believed them when they said they were going to bring evidence-based analysis and science and democratic process back to pipeline reviews.”
Berman is a director of Stand.earth, one of the groups that organized an anti-pipeline protest in Vancouver on Tuesday after Finance Minister Bill Morneau announced the government's plans for the pipeline between Edmonton and Burnaby, B.C. Another protest is planned in Victoria on Thursday.
“My expectation is that the outrage is going to grow and we're not just going it see it here in British Columbia but we're going to see it nationally and internationally,” she said, adding social media makes it possible for activists to connect in ways that didn't exist at the height of anti-logging protests in 1993.
“We didn't have email, we didn't have cellphones. It was a remote location that took most people five to seven hours to get through. This is a pipeline project that runs through urban centres,” she said of Trans Mountain.
Khelsilem, a Squamish Nation council member who goes by his first name, said the federal government's decision to pursue completion of the pipeline expansion threatens Indigenous communities if there was a spill of bitumen from increased tanker traffic in B.C. waters.
“Trudeau had promised during the election that he would create a new environmental process that would protect Indigenous rights and that the Kinder Morgan project would be included and sent back to be done through the new process, and on both those counts he's failed completely,” he said.
Along with multiple legal challenges involving the pipeline, the Squamish Nation and five other First Nations are involved in a Federal Court of Appeal case that targets Ottawa's approval of the project.
“The protesters and the opposition, and the civil disobedience is probably going to increase,” Khelsilem said.
“Our mandate from our people is to continue to defend our rights as a people and to protect our territory, not just for us but for future generations. We're going to continue to stand with our allies that support our Indigenous rights and change the story of Canada, that Canada is no longer a country that disregards Indigenous rights.”
/ Front page / News
THE Land Transport Authority (LTA) is working closely with a vehicle inspection company to screen all the cars coming from Japan into the country.
Minister for Transport Parveen Kumar said the LTA had agreed to reactivate the contractual engagement with Japan Export Vehicle Inspection Centre Company Ltd (JEVIC).
"The LTA has contracted them to inspect all vehicles imported into Fiji from Japan," he said.
"The JEVIC inspection will continue to ensure that vehicles coming from Japan are safer and structurally compliant. This will ensure safe vehicles are on our roads and customers get value for money."
The services provided by JEVIC include structural compliance verification, odometer verification, biosecurity checks for gross contamination and appraisal certificates.
Since August last year, the LTA has registered 5973 vehicles of which, 15 vehicles had been rejected because of non-compliance to LTA standards.
Colon and rectal (colorectal cancer) is the second-leading cause of cancer-related deaths in the United States.
Now, the American Cancer Society (ACS) is advising Americans as young as 45 to undergo a colorectal cancer screening, down from the previously recommended age of 50.
Colorectal cancer screening includes colonoscopy, stool-based testing, CT colonography and flexible sigmoidoscopy.
An estimated 140,000 Americans will be diagnosed with colorectal cancer and about 50,000 will die from it in 2018, according to ACS. The reason for the guideline age change: cases of colorectal cancer for people under age 55 increased 51 percent between the years of 1994 and 2014.
Colorectal cancer has been called a "lifestyle" cancer because smoking, drinking alcohol and eating processed foods increase the risk.
“Earlier screening gives us an opportunity to detect cancer earlier when it is at more curable stage, and provides an opportunity for some degree of prevention,” Dr. George Chang, chief of colorectal surgery at the MD Anderson Cancer Center in Texas, told ABC News.
The intervals for the various colorectal cancer screening tests are still the same. Colonoscopy screening, for instance, should be done every 10 years until 75. However, “if one experiences changes in bowel habits or blood in the stool, don't blow it off, seek medical care,” Chang said.
Remember, diet and lifestyle changes can be made right away. Early screenings will also hopefully reduce colon and rectal cancer numbers in the years to come.
Chantel Strachan is a second-year internal medicine resident from the University of Connecticut who works in the ABC News Medical Unit.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- Renaming a street, a fountain or a community center-- those are just some of the suggestions made on how to best honor Martin Luther King Jr. in Kansas City.
An advisory group will host its first public meeting Tuesday night at the Linwood YMCA. This will be the first chance the public gets to offer suggestions on how best to honor Dr. King.
An 11-member community group will be here to lead this conversation and consider all ideas.
The advisory panel met for the first time last week and say they're now ready for public discussion.
A group of Kansas City pastors initially suggested changing the name of The Paseo to Martin Luther King Jr. Boulevard, but some didn't like that idea. That sparked Mayor Sly James to put together this community group.
Their task is to recommend a Martin Luther King Jr. designation by the end of May. There are already some ideas floating about on their Facebook and advisory group pages.
Besides Tuesday's meeting, there are three other opportunities to suggest ideas to this advisory group – Saturday morning at the Kansas City North Community Center, next Wednesday, May 2 at the Roanoke Community Center in Westport and next Saturday, May 5 at the Marlborough Community Center.
Dr. King is already honored in Kansas City with a park named after him over at Swope and Woodland, but many believe that is not enough.
Once the advisory group makes its recommendation, it will be up to the City Council to approve any name change.
What do artists do in their free time? What inspires them in their everyday life? How do they start their day, tackle their creative processes, balance work-life, and then unwind – all within 24 hours?
In this series, “A Day in the Life of an Artist,” we'll invite artists to answer those questions by pulling back the curtain on one day in their lives.
Dancer, choreographer and arts leader, Marlana Doyle is a Artistic Director of the METdance Company. She also directs the MET too Youth Company, teaches regularly at the dance center and has been performing with METdance for the past 15 years.
This week, Marlana Doyle is preparing METdance for its season-opening show and more. Here is how she spent October 3, 2017:
5:50am
Alarm goes off and I hit snooze (such a bad habit). Second alarm goes off at 6am, and I know it is going to be a busy day. Jump out of bed and into the shower.
6:35am
Let Petey out, my 16-year-old aging Jack Russell Terrier, who is slow-moving and desperate to go out. Feed the dog and prepare my breakfast for myself.
6:43am
Check emails while I eat my cereal with almond milk. I also love yogurt and fruit for breakfast, and try never to skip breakfast. For a dancer, it is good to get some type of protein and carbohydrate to keep you fueled for the day until lunch.
7am
Get my two daughters up to go to school. Olivia, 4, and Evie, 1, love to sleep until 8am usually. (I am a lucky mom in that my kids are great sleepers.) But I have to get to the studio early today, so they have to get moving. Get them dressed and into the car. Even though sleepy and a bit confused, they cooperate.
7:20am
Drop off the girls at their Montessori school, give them a kiss and jump into the car with my husband Ben to get to the studio. He is a photographer and videographer, and has his own production company, Runaway Productions. He has a shoot at METdance studios with Da Camera's Young Artists today and so we are carpooling to get in the HOV. But of course there is traffic. Gotta love Houston in the AM!
8:05am
Arrive at the MET a little late, but start unloading the car for the shoot. I like to help Ben set up for his shoot.
9:05am
Ben takes his first picture, and I head into Studio A to start preparing for rehearsal. I am choreographing a four-minute piece for a national Nurses Conference at the George R. Brown Convention Center next week. Extra events and performances come up outside our season schedule frequently. I am constantly asked to create opening numbers and themed performances that fit into these type of events. We have done a lot of local events, like being the opening number in the Thanksgiving Parade as well as big events like this nurses conference. They are wanting METdance as well as nine other dancers for an opening number with live accompaniment by Kinetic Ensemble. I listen and prepare for the 21 dancers I will see later.
9:50am
Sit down and prepare to take class with the company. I always take about an additional 30 minutes to warm up, but today time is tight and I do what I can before we start. Warm up for a dance class varies by the teacher. For this class and because I am older, I have to take additional time to massage, roll out and get my body prepared to take warm up. Contemporary class is a variety of stretching and strengthening.
11:35am
After a great class, I run the company in preparation for our Season KickOff! at Discovery Green this Saturday, October 7 at 8pm. We run the piece, and I take notes to tell them later. In the photo, we are running through Camille A. Brown's work, “New Second Line.” In rehearsal, I look for clarity, togetherness and commitment. And if something seems odd, I let them know.
11:50am
I have about ten minutes to eat a quick lunch. Turkey and cheese roll-up (cheese is my weakness), cashews and a kombucha.
1:31pm
Running the piece with METdance and nine other Houston dancers in preparation for the Nurses Conference at the GRB next week. It is one of our last rehearsals, and I give notes to the dancers.
2:55pm
Take a selfie with the company after another great rehearsal with them on our New Educational Show, Moving Myths, that I am choreographing. It is like one long 45 minute piece. The dancers are doing great, and I am looking forward to the end result and seeing the premiere on October 25th at Miller Outdoor Theatre! We will do it schools, but we have two scheduled performances at the Miller in October and November.
4:43pm
After a few errands and emails, I head to pick up my girls … it is my favorite time of the day! We head home, and I get right to work on getting dinner ready while the girls, make a mess, I mean play. We eat, and I give the girls a bath and get them ready for bed.
8:08pm
My little one was not feeling well from a doctor's appointment on Monday, so I get her to bed while my oldest takes pictures of herself. Gotta love a 4-year-old!
8:47pm
Just leaving Target to return and find new costumes for the MET too Youth Company performance this weekend.
8:59pm
Relaxing after making lunches for tomorrow and cleaning up. Ben and I watch TV and, of course, I work some more. Usually it is getting caught up on emails and preparing for the next day for rehearsal. So many hats I wear and always so much to do.
11:45pm
Time to turn out the lights and get some rest to do it all over again tomorrow!
METdance opens its 22nd season with Season Kickoff! on Saturday, October 7, at 8pm at Discovery Green. The free performance includes works by Joshua L. Peugh, Camille A. Brown and 2017 Emerging Choreographer Hattie Haggard, as well as a guest appearance by MET too Youth Company. There will also be a site-specific work in Arcade by Color Condition, constructed by Dominic Walsh, at 7:30pm.
A 31-year-old Japanese woman died after doing so much overtime in one month, she suffered heart failure.
Miwa Sado, a political journalist at the country's national broadcaster, NHK, passed away four years ago, however the circumstances leading up to her death have only just been revealed now.
In the month prior to her death, Sado worked an additional 159 hours and 37 minutes of overtime, reports Business Insider, which equates to almost 6 extra hours of work per day including weekends. The journalist had been covering two elections, one regional and one national, and had therefore only taken two days off in the month before she died.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Three days after the elections ended she was found unconscious but holding her mobile phone in her bed on July 24th 2013, reports the Asahi newspaper. She had died as a result of congestive heart failure.
Following Sado's family's request, the labour office in Tokyo ruled her death was caused by "karoshi", a Japanese word meaning 'death from overwork'. Shortly before her death, Sado had emailed her dad saying: "I am too busy and stressed out and think about quitting my job at least once a day, but I guess I have to hang on."
Japanese law states that employees should only work for 40 hours a week, or 8 hours a day with a one hour break.
Follow Cat on Twitter.
Challenging Star Darshan's 50th film, Kurukshetra's filming is going on in full swing. According to the casting director, most of the cast have been finalized, but, the team is still searching for a famous actor to essay Arjuna's role.
By the way, filming for Kurukshetra will take place in just one schedule which is said to last for 100 days, and will entirely be shot at Ramoji Film City in Hyderabad.
As every Indian knows, the episode of Draupadi's disrobing was also one of the major reasons for the Battle of Kurukshetra in Mahabharat. It was Dushyasana who disrobed Draupadi, as per the orders from his elder brother Duryodhana.
Since Kurukshetra film also encompasses the disrobing episode, everyone were inquisitive to know who would essay the role of Dushyasana in the film.
According to our sources, an actor has now been finalized for Dushyasana's role in the film, thus bringing a closure to all speculations.
One of the most talented and underrated actors of Sandalwood, Ravi Chetan, has been roped in to essay Dushyasana's role in Muniratna's Kurukshetra.
Ravi Chetan has previously acted in a lot of films, playing supportive roles in Darshan, Sudeep, Vishnuvardhan, Shivarajkumar and a few other movies.
Although this news is still unconfirmed by Kurukshetra film team, our sources believe that the actor has already been finalized and he will start shooting in a couple of days.
…Former governor Haruna heads campaign committee
…Atere is spokesperson
By Dirisu Yakubu
ABUJA-Former Minister of Special Duties in the administration of President Goodluck Jonathan, Barrister Kabiru Tanimu Turaki, has declared his intention to contest the presidential ticket of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the 2019 general elections.
As a result, he has set up a campaign committee headed by two-time governor of Adamawa State, Mr. Boni Haruna as its Director General
Former Minister of Niger Delta Affairs, Dr. Steve Oruh is Deputy Director General (South) while other members include Colonel Habibu Shuaibu (retd), Dr. Emeka Nwachukwu, Imade Ize-Iyamu, among others.
Veteran broadcast journalist, Shola Atere, is the spokesman of the campaign organization.
Tanimu, who chairs the PDP Former Ministers Forum, spoke with reporters at his campaign office saying his decision to seek the highest office in the land was informed by his desire to avail the nation his wealth of experience garnered over the years.
“We feel that we have what it takes to unify Nigerians. We need a winning team that can provide level playing ground and opportunities irrespective of where you come from,” he declared.
He said he had met with Jonathan and other leaders of the PDP who he said had given him their blessings.
The Senior Advocate of Nigeria (SAN) revealed that he had also met with other aspirants in PDP and they had agreed to support whoever picks the party's ticket in the end.
He said: “I went to sit down with every one of them. We have spoken and we've understood one another. We have a serious national problem that Nigeria has come to see PDP as saviour of this country.
“If therefore, Nigerians have said that PDP is the only vehicle that will rescue them from this situation, then we the gladiators must be able to subject our interest to the larger interest of Nigerians.
“Anybody who gets this ticket, we have the understanding that all of us will join hands and support him.”
He allayed fears that he could be picked up for daring to declare his ambition which could put him in direct confrontation with President Muhammadu Buhari's ambition.
He said given the prominent role he played in the PDP administration, he was one of the first former ministers to be examined and insisted he was not found wanting
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws Pause
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
0:28 Atascadero's Elijah Cooks turns Lompoc game into dunk contest
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
0:46 Nephew shares memories of David Fear, who died in Grover Beach dog attack
1:40 A look back at SLO startup Shopatron, as Kibo announces local layoffs
1:30 How Cambria's colorful, often kooky, scarecrows are made
2:33 Iconic Star Wars actress Carrie Fisher dies at age 60
0:47 Great white shark caught on video in Morro Bay
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws Pause
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
0:27 Hail falls in San Luis Obispo on Christmas Eve
0:55 Hiking Estero Bluffs State Park
0:41 Hiking Irish Hills Natural Reserve
2:43 Take a look inside the historic Atascadero Printery building
1:17 Hiking the Reservoir Canyon Trail
2:20 Can extreme distance running actually harm the heart?
Spanish renewables company Acciona has launched a new scheme to promote responsible investment.
The 'invest-intheplanet.com' initiative calls on companies, financial markets, governments and consumers to align investment decisions with the protection of the planet.
It will focus on some of Acciona's key markets including Spain, Mexico, Chile, Canada, the US and Australia.
An advertising campaign will be launched in two stages across digital and social media.
It will first pose the question "What if the smartest decision was to invest in the planet?" followed by "Experts in designing a better planet" and "There is another way of doing things", Acciona said.
Image: Acciona
Dubai: With three weeks to go, entries are picking up pace for the Mena Golf Tour Qualifying School to be held at El Jadida Royal Golf Club in Morocco from March 7 to 9.
Open to all professionals and amateurs — with a handicap of one or better (four or better for Mena nationals) — the 54-hole Q-School will be held in two stages. The first stage, on March 7-8, will see players compete over 36 holes of stroke play when the halfway cut will be made, narrowing down the field to 70 players for the final stage 18-hole competition to be played the following day.
A minimum of 50 players from the final qualifying round will be eligible for Category-7 membership for the 2017 Mena Tour season which will have close to 16 events, covering destinations in Morocco, Kuwait, Thailand, South Africa, Oman and the UAE.
The Q-School, which will be held in El Jadida for the first time, will offer Mena Tour members the opportunity to earn full playing privileges on the tour in addition to becoming eligible for Official World Golf Ranking (OWGR) points.
The top five players from the Q-School will share a prize fund of $6,000 (Dh22,000) with the winner walking away with a cheque for $2,250.
“We are quite pleased with the early response to the Q-School which clearly reflects on the popularity of the tour as a whole while maintaining a close relationship we have had with Morocco, stretching all the way back to 2011,” said Mena Tour chairman Mohammad Juma Bu Amim.
“We believe the Q-School will enhance the level of competition in addition to bringing more transparency in determining the fields for our events. With many overseas professionals and amateurs in the field, the tour exposes them to a highly competitive environment they need to hone their skills,” he added.
“We look forward to welcoming players from different nationalities in the field and hope to see what I believe will be an absorbing contest for securing tour cards.”
The Q-School will also mark the start of the Project 300, which aims to get a Mena Tour player in the Olympics by 2020. Players hoping to qualify for Tokyo must get within 300 in the world rankings.
Interested golfers may visit menagolftour.com for more information on the Q-School. Entries close on Sunday, March 5, 2017. The Mena Tour started in 2011 and as well as offering world ranking points the top three professionals and leading amateur also get European Tour invites, playing privileges on the Sunshine Tour and exemptions into the final stage of Asian Tour Q-School.
Deutsche Bank AG will replace outgoing Chief Operating Officer Kim Hammonds, hired from Boeing with great fanfare, with a home-grown veteran of 30 years' service.
The bank said Tuesday it has named Frank Kuhnke to oversee technology and central operations. Kuhnke was most recently COO of Deutsche Bank's private and commercial bank, where he reported to Christian Sewing. He'll continue to report to Sewing in the latter's new role as chief executive officer. Unlike Hammonds, Kuhnke won't have an executive board seat of his own.
“In his tenure at Deutsche Bank of more than three decades Frank Kuhnke has proven that he is strong at taking decisions and executing them,” Sewing said in the press release announcing the appointment.
Kuhnke's appointment is the latest development in a broad shakeup this month at the top of Deutsche Bank that cost the jobs of Hammonds, former CEO John Cryan and deputy CEO Marcus Schenck. The shakeup came after the supervisory board led by Chairman Paul Achleitner, under pressure from investors, lost patience with Cryan's efforts to turn the bank around.
Achleitner attracted criticism for his handling of the appointments and faces a motion for his ouster from a small but high-profile activist investor at the bank's annual shareholder meeting in May. Earlier Tuesday, Deutsche Bank issued an updated agenda saying its board supported Achleitner “without reservation” and called on shareholders to reject the motion, along with another to split up the bank along business lines.
Read More: Deutsche Bank Says Split of Investment, Retail Bad for Company
Hammonds, who reportedly called Deutsche Bank “the most dysfunctional company” she'd ever worked for, agreed to leave shortly after. Both English-speaking executives have now been replaced with two German natives who have been with the company almost uninterruptedly since they joined as apprentices in the 1980s. Schenck, meanwhile, was replaced at the head of the investment bank by the South African Garth Ritchie.
Kuhnke inherits a half-finished job from Hammonds, who had been tasked with making the bank's IT systems cheaper and more manageable. Hammonds had defended her record earlier this year by saying she had cut the number of operating systems within the group to 32 from 45. However, Cryan had given her the mandate of cutting that number to only four back in 2015.
Read More: Deutsche Bank Is Said to Weigh U.S. Retreat in Trading Rethink
Deutsche Bank is also continuing to hire externally, despite increasing expectations that Sewing will act to shrink its investment bank before long. It emerged on Tuesday that Karim Moussalem will join the bank as head of equities trading for Europe, Middle East and Africa.
After over a decade at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. where he co-headed the Delta One trading desk, Moussalem had helped set up hedge fund Verrazano Capital with Guillaume Rambourg. Rambourg returned Verrazano's funds to investors in 2017. According to media reports earlier this year, Moussalem had been planning to launch a new hedge fund. He declined to comment Tuesday.
A man convicted of stabbing his father to death and beating an elderly man on a city bus the day before in City Heights was sentenced Friday to 29 years to life in prison.
Ismael Beltran was convicted of first-degree mruder and elder abuse last November
Beltran's father, Francisco Javier Beltran, was found inside an apartment on the 3600 block of 42nd Street on Oct. 11, 2016.
The 42-year-old victim sustained 10 to 15 stab wounds and later died at the hospital.
Investigators found a bloody knife on top of a refrigerator in the apartment, and a bloody shoe print was located on the dining room floor.
The victim's son, Ismael Beltran, was arrested the next day.
He was taken by his mother to an Otay Mesa-area police station on Oct. 12 and was arrested. The mother was distraught and guilt-ridden, saying that her son was mentally ill, Detective Jonathan Dungan testified.
At the time, Beltran was wanted on a warrant for beating a 72-year-old man inside a city bus, San Diego police said.
George Myrick testified that he was riding the bus near Park Boulevard on Oct. 10, 2016, when Beltran charged him and hit him in the mouth.
"I said, 'What the hell's wrong with you?''' the witness testified.
Myrick said the suspect got off the bus, did a little dance, then got back on and hit him again, repeating that sequence five times.
He said his attacker called him a "pervert'' at one point, but otherwise said nothing.
San Diego police Detective Michael Shervondy testified that the defendant was caught on video hitting the victim 17 times. It appeared he had something in his hand, like a pen, at the time.
The detective said a still shot taken from the video footage on the bus led him to a business where the defendant had worked.
Employees there said Beltran had been doing fine until just before the murder, when he started acting strangely, Shervondy testified.
The employees said Beltran was fired when he refused to take a drug test, according to the detective.
Defense attorney Jane Kinsey urged jurors to find her client guilty of manslaughter.
Kinsey said the defendant showed signs of mental illness and paranoia in 2014 and began acting strangely again days before he killed his father.
A psychiatrist hired by the defense diagnosed Ismael Beltran with chronic schizophrenia, Kinsey told the jury.
Beltran was senteced to three separate terms of 1 year, three years and 25 years to life.
When hunger drew tens of thousands of Venezuelans to the streets in protest last summer, President Nicolas Maduro turned to the military to manage the country's diminished food supply, putting generals in charge of everything from butter to rice.
But instead of fighting hunger, the military is making money from it, an Associated Press investigation shows. That's what grocer Jose Campos found when he ran out of pantry staples this year. In the middle of the night, he would travel to an illegal market run by the military to buy pallets of corn flour - at 100 times the government-set price.
"The military would be watching over whole bags of money," Campos said. "They always had what I needed."
With much of the country on the verge of starvation and billions of dollars at stake, food trafficking has become one of the biggest businesses in Venezuela. And from generals to foot soldiers, the military is at the heart of the graft, according to documents and interviews with more than 60 officials, business owners and workers, including five former generals.
"Lately, food is a better business than drugs," said retired General Cliver Alcala, who helped oversee Venezuela's border security. "The military is in charge of food management now, and they're not going to just take that on without getting their cut."
After opposition attempts to overthrow him, the late President Hugo Chavez began handing the military control over the food industry, creating a Food Ministry in 2004. His socialist-run government nationalised farms and food processing plants, then neglected them, and domestic production dried up.
Oil-exporting Venezuela became dependent on food imports, but when the price of oil collapsed in 2014, the government no longer could afford all the country needed.
Food rationing grew so severe that Venezuelans spent all day waiting in lines. Pediatric wards filled up with underweight children, and formerly middle class adults began picking through trash bins for scraps. When people responded with violent street protests, Maduro handed the generals control over the rest of food distribution, and the country's ports.
The government now imports nearly all of Venezuela's food, according to Werner Gutierrez, the former dean of the agronomy school at the University of Zulia, and corruption is rampant, jacking up prices and leading to shortages.
"If Venezuela paid market prices, we'd be able to double our imports and easily satisfy the country's food needs," Gutierrez said. "Instead, people are starving."
Cash chaos in Venezuela after banknote withdrawn
The Food Ministry's annual report shows significant overpayments across the board, compared to market prices.
"What's amazing about this is it's like a clean form of corruption," said Carabobo state lawmaker Neidy Rosal, who has denounced food-related government theft worth hundreds of millions of dollars. "It's like drug trafficking you can carry out in broad daylight."
By putting the military in charge of food, Maduro is trying to prevent soldiers from going hungry and being tempted to participate in an uprising against an increasingly unpopular government, said retired General Antonio Rivero.
Venezuela's military has a long history of coups against governments, and Maduro has arrested several officials for allegedly conspiring against him from within.
"They gave absolute control to the military," Rivero said from exile in Miami. "That drained the feeling of rebellion from the armed forces, and allowed them to feed their families."
The Defence Ministry and presidential press office refused to answer repeated calls, emails, and hand-delivered letters requesting comment. In the past, officials have accused the opposition of exaggerating the problem of corruption for political gain. They have said the military's hierarchical structure makes it ideally suited to combat the real culprits: Right-wing businessmen trying to bring down the economy.
And yet the corruption persists from the port to the markets, according to dozens of people working in Puerto Cabello, the town that handles the majority of Venezuela's food imports.
Bribes are also required for any missing paperwork, and can exceed $10,000 for a single shipping container, customs worker Aldemar Diaz said.
"Sometimes you actually want to do it legally, but the officials will say, 'Don't bother,'" he said.
Luis Pena, operations director at the Caracas-based import business Premier Foods, said he pays off a long roster of military officials for each shipment of food he brings in from small-scale companies in the US.
"You have to pay for them to even look at your cargo now," he said. "It's an unbroken chain of bribery from when your ship comes in until the food is driven out in trucks."
Lieutenant Miletsy Rodriguez, who is in charge of a group of national guardsmen running security at the port, said people are just looking to scapegoat the military. If her unit wasn't around, looting would be even more widespread, she said.
"The majority of us are doing our best. And sooner or later we'll catch people who are not doing the job right," she said.
In Puerto Cabello, hungry residents said it feels like corrupt soldiers are taking food off their children's plates.
Pedro Contreras, 74, watched more than 100 trucks carrying corn rattle onto the highway, and walked stiffly into traffic to sweep up the kernels that had sifted out. He planned to pound them into corn flour that night to feed his family.
"The military is getting fat while my grandchildren get skinny," he said. "All of Venezuela's food comes through here, but so little of it goes to us."
Thousands of Venezuelans pour into Colombia to buy food
Business book review - "Presence"
hello
Since appearing onstage at a TED Talk in 2012, social psychologist Amy Cuddy has soared to celebrity status with her presentation about "power posing."
In 2015 Cuddy became a best-selling author with her book "Presence: Bringing Your Boldest Self to Your Biggest Challenges." More than 43 million people have viewed her TED Talk and speakers and coaches (including me) have referenced her research on how to use posture to position ourselves as authoritative and powerful.
While her research has been challenged, the premise of the book is rock solid: when we show up as powerful in stature, people respond. Whether it's through a pumped-up volume of testosterone and a dip in cortisol or just mind over matter, the physical act of taking up space yields results. In Presence, Cuddy provides ideas, recommendations and case studies demonstrating that how we hold ourselves, particularly before a stressful event, can positively impact the outcome of job interviews, speeches, business negotiations and even personal relationships.
One of the most moving stories in the book is Cuddy's confession about how "impostor syndrome" almost derailed her during college. Impostor syndrome is incredibly common among accomplished professionals who feel they've "put one over" on the system, and at any moment they'll be exposed as frauds. I once had a client, a brilliant businesswoman, who got into graduate school at Northwestern in spite of a tepid undergraduate GPA -- she told me she was waiting to be "busted" by the campus police! In "Presence," the author shares ways to manage this syndrome, aligning our personal and professional power with how we want to be perceived by the world.
Although Cuddy's "fake it until you become it" research may be under siege (by jealous colleagues, in my humble opinion), the tsunami of support for her and her message of empowerment is indisputable.
Try it yourself: stand like Wonder Woman or Superman before your next big presentation. You'll show up as the superhero you really are.
• Vickie Austin is a business and career coach, professional speaker and author of "Circles of Gold: Honoring Your Network for Business and Career Success." She hosts "Biz Books Review" the third Tuesday of every month at the Wheaton Public Library. You can visit her website at choicesworldwide.com and connect with her on LinkedIn or Twitter (@Vickie_Austin).
PHILADELPHIA (AP) — Carson Wentz got the Eagles this far. Now, it's up to Nick Foles to deliver Philadelphia its first Super Bowl title.
Wentz has a torn left ACL and will miss the rest of the season and playoffs, forcing the NFC East champions to turn to a familiar backup who once had one of the greatest statistical seasons in NFL history.
“The reason we got Nick Foles is for situations like this. I'm excited for Nick,” coach Doug Pederson said Monday. “I hate it for Carson Wentz. I hate it for the season that he's been having. But at the same time, it's been the next-man-up mentality and that's how we approach it.”
Wentz was a favorite in the NFL MVP race during a breakout sophomore season. He threw for 3,296 yards and set a franchise single-season record with an NFL-leading 33 touchdown passes while only tossing seven interceptions.
“From my standpoint, you don't waver, man. You don't let people see you sweat,” Pederson said. “You just put your head down and you just go to work. You get everybody ready to play. It was evident when Carson was out of the game, you saw Nick come in and come back and lead us to victory in that game. So that right there is a great step in the right direction.”
Wentz got hurt diving into the end zone on a scramble late in the third quarter Sunday at Los Angeles. Pederson said it appeared Wentz tore his anterior cruciate ligament before contact with two tacklers. The touchdown was nullified by a penalty, but Wentz stayed in the game and tossed a TD pass to Alshon Jeffery four plays later.
Foles replaced him on the next series after the Rams took the lead and rallied the Eagles (11-2) to a 43-35 win that secured the division title and put them in first place in the conference with three games remaining.
The Eagles have overcome several key injuries and now have to move forward without their most indispensable player. Nine-time Pro Bowl left tackle Jason Peters, return specialist/running back Darren Sproles, star linebacker Jordan Hicks and special teams captain Chris Maragos already went down for the season.
“This has been a resilient football team all season long,” Pederson said. “If there's ever an opportunity for me as a head football coach to rally the troops, now might be the time.”
Foles led the Eagles to their last playoff appearance — a 2013 home loss to New Orleans. That came after he threw 27 TDs and only two picks in 10 starts after replacing an injured Michael Vick during Chip Kelly's first season as coach. Foles posted a passer rating of 119.2, the third highest in league history. He tied an NFL record with seven TD passes in a game at Oakland in November 2013 and went to the Pro Bowl, winning the offensive MVP award.
A third-round pick by former Eagles coach Andy Reid in 2012, Foles in his second stint in Philadelphia. He is 20-17 as a starter, including playoffs. Kelly traded Foles to St. Louis for Sam Bradford after the 2014 season. Foles spent a year with the Rams, then a season in Kansas City with Pederson as offensive coordinator, before returning to Philadelphia as a free agent this season.
“My confidence is extremely high in Nick,” Pederson said. “He's a veteran player who has played and won a lot of games. Nick's a highly intelligent football player. He's smart to the point of he and I are going to continue to dialogue like Carson and I did during the week. I want to make sure there are plays in his plan that he's comfortable with and that he likes. I want him to speak his mind just like Carson would, and we keep going. This is a veteran player we're talking about. So I feel comfortable doing that.”
Second-year pro Nate Sudfeld is Philadelphia's No. 3 quarterback. Pederson said he hasn't spoken to personnel boss Howie Roseman about adding a third quarterback yet. Sudfeld was selected in the sixth round by Washington in 2016 and hasn't played a down in the NFL.
“Nate's done a really good job,” Pederson said. “That's part of the reason why we brought him up (off the practice squad) earlier in the year. Teams were interested in Nate, and we feel really comfortable with him.”
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Six schools for PZ Cussons Chemistry Challenge final
Six candidates representing both public and private schools in Lagos State have scaled through to the finals of Nigeria's leading pure science competition, PZ Cussons Chemistry Challenge (PZCCC).
After an impressive participation at the different stages of the 2018 edition of the competition, six students have now qualified for the finals to compete for the grand prize of N1,000,000 and a chance to be crowned the PZCCC Champion for 2018.
The competition which began in March saw over 3000 registered candidates sit for the first stage across eight locations in Lagos state viz Agege, Epe, Ikorodu, Ojota, Oshodi, Island, Agboju and Surulere.
The ‘jostling' at the first stage saw 97 students qualify to another round of written test to get the best 24 out of the 97. The top 24 at the third stage were further tested in Practical Chemistry at one of the best laboratories in the state.
Driven by its primary objective to promote Girl child education in Nigeria, the PZCCC continues to grow in leaps and bounds, as this year's edition saw a considerable increase in the number of females that registered for the competition. This shows a remarkable improvement in the awareness and acceptance of the competition among secondary school females.
An initiative of the PZ Cussons foundation supported by Premier and Nunu Milk, the PZCCC has built a reputation as the No. 1 platform for supporting the learning of Chemistry in Secondary Schools.
This year's overall top three winners will receive N1,000,000; N750,000; and N500,000 respectively. The champion also goes home with a trophy. Additional prizes also include laboratory equipment for the schools and cash prizes for their respective teachers.
The PZ Cussons Chemistry Challenge Competition has tweaked the adage that says, “Every teacher's reward is in heaven”, by creating a platform for rewarding teachers here on earth. On stage at the finals, our top 6 teachers from the online Teacher's Aptitude Test would have a chance to compete for a chance to be rewarded and crowned our PZCCC 2018 Teachers' Champion.
PZ Cussons Nigeria Foundation, custodians of this competition have a strong track record of helping Nigerian communities by supporting projects in the areas of education, potable water, health and empowerment. The PZ Cussons Chemistry Challenge Competition is now in its sixth edition.
Marvin Bagley, who may be the best basketball prospect that is not currently on an NBA roster, will be announcing where he will play his college basketball on Monday night.
We detailed the particulars of that decision last night — it will likely be as a member of the Class of 2017, it's so he can get into the 2018 NBA Draft, whether or not he's eligible to play immediately at the college level this year is not the most important part of this decision.
Here, we're going to talk impact.
What will Bagley's commitment mean for the three schools* still in the mix?
*(At this point it does not appear that Arizona is still in the mix for the Arizona-native. Bagley only visited Duke, USC and UCLA this past month, Arizona doesn't have a scholarship available and the program is currently in Spain for their team trip. If he does shock the world and pick the Wildcats, they will quite clearly be the preseason No. 1 team in the country. Bagley and Deandre Ayton could end up being the top two picks in June.)
DUKE
With Bagley in the mix, Duke — who are, as of this posting, my pick to land the 6-foot-11 forward — would have a very strong case to be slotted as the preseason No. 1 team in the country. Given the way that last season went, that may not go over all that well, but there's a valid argument: The Blue Devils would start three freshmen — Bagley, Trevon Duval and Wendell Carter — that are top seven prospects in the class, according to 247 Sports composite rankings, and another who would be the No. 17 player in the class in Gary Trent Jr. They finally have a point guard to replace Tyus Jones in the for of Duval. Grayson Allen, the lone returnee from last year's team, is finally healthy, according to Mike Krzyzewski, and on paper is a veteran leader and an all-american caliber player.
Youth would be a major issue, as Allen would likely be the only rotation player that is an upperclassman. Depth is going to be another problem as well, as Duke's reserves will likely be made up of some combination of freshmen Alex O'Connell and Jordan Tucker and sophomore Marques Bolden and Javin DeLaurier.
But the talent there in undeniable, and unlike last season, the pieces actually fit together. Duval is a playmaker at the point, although he has a reputation for being more of an attacker than a ‘pure point guard', while Trent and Allen are scorers with three-point range on the wing. Carter, who many believe to be the second-coming of Al Horford, should be able to handle his own on the block.
And then there's Bagley, who is the ideal for what Duke is looking for at the four spot. He's big enough that he can defend as a four — or even a five — but he's skilled enough to play on the perimeter in four-around-one lineups. The Blue Devils don't currently have a guy that can fill that Jayson Tatum, Jabari Parker, Justise Winslow, Brandon Ingram role, and Bagley might be better suited to do it than any of them.
At the very least he should being the most on the defensive end.
Which is why I think his arrival at Duke would make the Blue Devils a real national title contender, if not the favorite to win the whole thing.
USC
Imagine if the Trojans are able to land Bagley over Duke and UCLA. Andy Enfield beating out Coach K and Steve Alford for a recruit, particularly a recruit from the West Coast that played in Southern California last high school season?
That would be a helluva statement to make.
It would also put USC firmly in the mix as the nation's preseason No. 1 team. They're already loaded, particularly in the front court. Bennie Boatwright and Chimezie Metu both returned to school for their junior seasons, and with the addition of Bagley, one of those three would be relegated to coming off of the bench. My guess is that it would be Metu simply because of the style that USC plays. They want to run the floor, they want to space the court, they want to fire up threes and score points in a hurry, and I think that Bagley's ability to replace the rebounding that rim protection that Metu provides is better than his ability to provide the pure shooting ability of Boatwright.
Regardless, that front court, which is already one of the best in the country, would likely become the best with the addition of Bagley.
And when the Trojans already have a perimeter attack that includes veterans Jordan McLaughlin, Elijah Stewart and Derryck Thornton along with De'Anthony Melton, Jonah Mathews and Shaqquan Aaron, you're looking at an absolutely loaded roster that perfectly fits the way Enfield wants to play.
UCLA
The Bruins are the interesting case here.
For starters, they are an Under Armour school, and Bagley has played on the Nike circuit the last two years. That's not a dealbreaker, but the presence of LaVar Ball in and around that program, particularly with the one son (LiAngelo) every is already concerned about on the roster, it makes that landing spot seem somewhat unlikely.
But if Steve Alford does find a way to convince the Bagleys that UCLA is the best place for Marvin., he would be a season-changing recruit. UCLA already has a loaded perimeter attack. Jaylen Hands is one of the best point guards in the Class of 2017 even though he may not even be the best point guard on UCLA's roster for this season; that title likely belongs to the ever-underrated Aaron Holiday. Throw in Kris Wilkes, Chris Smith, Prince Ali and Ball, and there are a ton of guard options here.
What they lack, however, is a proven four, someone who can play the role that T.J. Leaf played last season. Bagley can, and at a much higher level. That may be hard for someone like Cody Riley or G.G. Goloman to swallow, but Bagley's skill alongside the ability of Thomas Welsh to pull defenders away from the rim is enticing.
UCLA is currently a top 20 team entering the season. With Bagley, they probably enter the top ten with a real shot of winning the Pac-12.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: How to have a productive new year
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
CHANDLER, Ariz. — An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman who carried out the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history was charged Friday with manufacturing armor-piercing bullets, according to court documents.
Unfired armor-piercing bullets found inside the Las Vegas hotel room where Stephen Paddock launched the attack on Oct. 1 contained the fingerprints of ammunition dealer Douglas Haig, according to a criminal complaint filed in federal court in Phoenix. It says Haig didn't have a license to manufacture armor-piercing ammunition.
The documents don't say if the ammunition was used in the attack. Haig was charged 35 minutes before holding a news conference where he said he didn't notice anything suspicious when he sold 720 rounds of ammunition to Paddock in the weeks before the massacre that left 58 people dead.
Haig told investigators that when Paddock bought the ammunition at his home in suburban Phoenix, Paddock went to his car to get gloves and put them on before taking the box from Haig, the complaint said.
“I had no contribution to what Paddock did,” Haig told reporters earlier Friday, adding that there was nothing unusual about the type or quantity of ammunition the shooter bought. “I had no way to see into his mind.”
A phone message left Friday afternoon for Haig's attorney, Marc Victor, wasn't immediately returned.
The two armor-piercing bullets found inside Paddock's hotel room with Haig's fingerprints had an “incendiary capsule” on their noses, the documents said. A forensic analysis of those two bullets had tool marks consistent with the equipment in Haig's backyard workshop, according to the complaint.
It also alleges that FBI agents searching Haig's home on Oct. 19 found armor-piercing ammunition.
Haig, a 55-year-old aerospace engineer who sold ammunition as a hobby for about 25 years, said he met Paddock at a Phoenix gun show in the weeks before the shooting and that he was well-dressed and polite.
He didn't have the quantity of tracer ammunition on hand that Paddock was seeking, so Paddock contacted him several days later and lined up a sale at Haig's home. Tracer bullets contain a pyrotechnic charge that illuminates the path of fired bullets so shooters can see whether their aim is correct.
Haig said he was shocked and sickened when a federal agent informed him of the massacre 11 hours after it unfolded.
Haig's lawyer said they held the news conference in a bid to protect his reputation after he was revealed earlier this week to be a “person of interest” in the investigation. Haig's identity emerged by mistake after his name was not redacted in court documents.
A law enforcement official previously told The Associated Press that investigators don't believe Haig had any involvement or knowledge of the planned attack when he sold ammunition to Paddock. The official wasn't authorized to discuss an ongoing investigation and spoke on condition of anonymity.
Haig arose in the investigation when a box with his name and address was found in the Mandalay Bay hotel suite where Paddock opened fire on a music festival below.
He gave the box to Paddock to carry the 720 rounds of tracer ammunition from the sale.
Haig said Paddock told him that “he was going to go out to the desert to put on a light show, either with or for his friends. I can't remember whether he used the word ‘with' or ‘for.' But he said that he was going out at night to shoot it with friends.”
Haig, who has closed his ammunition business, said he has received unwanted media attention and death threats since his name was released.
The Las Vegas Police Department and U.S. Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives declined to comment when contacted earlier Friday.
The FBI and U.S. attorney's office in Nevada have not responded to emails seeking comment.
The Argentine ant feeds on honeydew excreted by insects such as these brown soft scales. Jack Kelly Clark
Bill Cosby departs after his sexual assault retrial, Monday, April 23, 2018, at the Montgomery County Courthouse in Norristown, Pa. Matt Slocum AP Photo
/ Front page / News
A 36-YEAR-OLD man of Nabavatu, Dreketi in Macuata died yesterday morning after the bulldozer he was operating tumbled.
Police spokesperson Ana Naisoro said the incident happened at 11am along the Dreketi highway.
Ms Naisoro said the bulldozer was clearing a piece of land in the area when the incident happened.
"Unfortunately, the bulldozer tumbled and the man was later rescued by fellow workers," she said.
"He was rushed to hospital straight away but was pronounced dead upon arrival.
"Police are investigating the case to determine the circumstances under which the man died. His body is currently at the Labasa Hospital awaiting post-mortem examination."
Meanwhile, Ms Naisoro said police uprooted 1000 plants alleged to be marijuana in Loa Village, Buca Bay, Cakaudrove.
"The raid happened this morning (yesterday) at Loa Village in Cakaudrove," she said.
"We confirm that the 1000 plants were uprooted from a farm in the village.
"The suspect is a known person and we are searching for him.
"We were able to successfully identify the suspect's farm through information from members of the community in the village."
Ms Naisoro said the crime prevention committees in villages in Cakaudrove were very active and people were forthcoming with information they had.
"We appreciate the trust and faith that these villagers have in our officers and we will ensure that these cases are investigated and hat perpetrators are taken to task," she said.
An tragic incident at the Sun Dial Restaurant in Atlanta has left one family experiencing unimaginable grief. The restaurant, which sits on the 72nd floor of the Westin Peachtree Plaza hotel, has a rotating floor that offers customers a panoramic view of the city.
According to police, Charlie Holt, 5, ventured away from his family's table and got stuck in between the wall and a table as the floor was rotating. “His whole body was caught between maybe four to five inches of space. His head took the brunt of the injury,” said Atlanta police Sgt. Warren Pickard. The floor shut off automatically.
The Westin security staff and employees dislodged Holt and he was rushed to the hospital with head trauma injuries. He eventually died.
#DEVELOPING: A little boy dies after getting stuck in rotator @SunDialATL + tonight we're told OSHA is now investigating. Stay w/@wsbtv. pic.twitter.com/R3MRYcybLh — Nefertiti Jáquez (@NefertitiWSB) April 15, 2017
His family released a statement reading, “The family asks for prayers and privacy right now to come to terms with this tragedy. No words can express their loss. If you have a loved one, please give them an extra hug today.”
Holt and his parents were visiting from Charlotte. They only came to the Sun Dial for lunch since they were staying at another hotel. “We know they were the last customers for the lunch crowd, and it's just very tragic,” Pickard said.
The restaurant has since closed until further notice. The hotel manager, George Reed, released a statement saying, “There was a tragic accident at the hotel involving a young boy. Our thoughts and prayers are with his family.” He continued, “As soon as we learned of the accident, we immediately responded until emergency personnel arrived. We are working with the authorities as they look into this tragic accident and we will continue to assist them in any way we can. Words cannot express the depths of our sorrow. Our thoughts remain with the family.”
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
OCSD helicopter patrol assists with more shark tagging efforts
Photo Gallery of IMG_6358 (853x1280) An Orange County Sheriff's Department helicopter was seen hovering above two small watercraft on Tuesday, June 13, off Capistrano Beach, where lifeguards were helping with shark tagging efforts. Photo: Eric Heinz IMG_6376 (1280x853) Lifeguards on a watercraft assisted in more shark tagging efforts, which have taken place in the area by researchers from Shark Lab at California State University Long Beach. Photo: Eric Heinz Open as list Close List VIEW GALLERY
By Eric Heinz
It appeared OC Lifeguards were conducting more shark tagging projects on Tuesday, June 13, near the shores of Capistrano Beach, as about a dozen people watched from a lookout point above the beach.
An Orange County Sheriff's Department (OCSD) helicopter was hovering around the area for about an hour between 9:30 a.m. and 10:30 a.m.
“What was happening was a combination of OC Lifeguards, State Park Lifeguards and San Clemente Lifeguards, and they were tagging sharks,” said Lt. Wayne Rehnelt, a spokesperson for OCSD, adding that the tagging concluded shortly after 11 a.m.
Chris Lowe, Ph.D., a professor at California State University Long Beach and director of Shark Lab, has been working with local lifeguards and students to tag sharks in order to track their movement. Two people on a watercraft appeared to be doing just that.
The last shark sighting and advisory issued at beaches from San Clemente to Doheny occurred June 2 when a shark was spotted off Miraposa Point in San Clemente, according to the city's Marine Safety Division. The advisory was still in effect on Tuesday.
The sharks that have been spotted have been juvenile great whites.
Disclaimer
UNCUT Magazine does not store any files. Everything posted on this site is for promotional use only. Files downloaded should be kept for no longer then 24 hours and then deleted. Please support the artists and buy their music. All music and videos are copyrights to the original owners.
When Does Survival Of The Fittest Start? All The Latest News, Cast, Gossip & More
From the creators of Love Island comes a new show which will see men & women face off in the ultimate battle!
If you're craving that juicy Love Island gossip during these cold winter months, then Survival Of The Fittest is exactly what you need. A bunch of hot, young singletons fighting it out to beat ttheir rivals and maybe find love too? - yes please!
Here's everything you need to know about the hottest new reality show on TV...
> The Most Legit Dating App Has Arrived & It's Nothing Like Tinder
When Does Survival Of The Fittest Start?
The first ever series of Survival Of The Fittest will be launching on Sunday 11th February 2018 at 9pm.
A post shared by Survival Of The Fittest (@itv2fittest) onJan 31, 2018 at 9:21am PST
What Channel Is Survival Of The Fittest On?
Survival Of The Fittest is brought to you by the producers of Love Island and like its 'loved up' sister, it will be shown on ITV2.
Who Is Presenting Survival Of The Fittest?
32 year old presenter Laura Whitmore is the host of the show and fans will be excited to catch the former 'I'm A Celeb' presenter in her new role. Her Instagram is @thewhitmore. Laura is actually dating Ian Stelling who was the hilarious voiceover on Love Island!
Speaking to a tabloid recently, a TV insider explained, “Laura is young, sexy and fun – she is the ideal star to front ITV2's new dating show. She is really excited to be involved and hopes that it will be a roaring success, just like Love Island."
“Her experience presenting spin-off show I'm A Celebrity… Get Me Out of Here! NOW! will come in handy as she interviews the programme's stars once they're booted off the Savannah."
A post shared by Survival Of The Fittest (@itv2fittest) onDec 14, 2017 at 2:29pm PST
What Is Survival Of The Fittest About?
ITV revealed, 'Survival of the Fittest will see a group of young, hot singles living together under the searing sun in the South African savannah as they take part in the ultimate battle of the sexes, in order to win a big cash prize.'
'A team of girls and a team of boys will battle it out in a series of stunning physical and mental challenges to determine which sex has the upper hand, while romantic dates will test their loyalties to the limit.'
'Will the girls put sisters before misters and will the boys choose mates over dates? Or will the temptation be too much and they end up in bed with the enemy?'
Where Is Survival Of The Fittest Set?
Survival Of The Fittest takes place in South Africa. The show takes place in the South African Savannah and the picturesque.
A statement about the show from ITV read, '"ITV2's younger audience will no doubt relish the escapism this immersive physical game show from sunny South Africa will provide next winter.'
Who Is The Survival Of The Fittest Voiceover?
The voiceover on the show is award winning comedian Brennan Reece. The 29 year old was formely in E4 show Skins and also won the English Comedian Of The Year Award. His Instagram is @brennanreece.
Who Is The Cast Of Survival Of The Fittest?
James Middleton
According to one tabloid, the former boyfriend of Made In Chelsea star and current I'm A Celebrity queen of the jungle Georgia 'Toff' Toffolo is taking part in the show.
Revealing the news, one tabloid explained, “James obviously saw his girlfriend do well on I'm A Celeb. He was very supportive of her."
“It's his turn this time and he wants a taste of the action. With a name like Middleton he's sure to do well. Maybe some of the contestants will think he's royalty - especially with his plummy accent.”
A post shared by James Middleton (@middletonjw) onJul 22, 2017 at 6:17am PDT
> Download Our Fancy New App For All The Latest Survival Of The Fittest Gossip!
Whilst you're here, remind yourself of some of that classic Love Island action...
Staff Photographer
Texas Rangers infielder Jurickson Profar is patted on the head by second baseman Rougned Odor in celebration after he scored a during a spring training game Kansas City Royals at Surprise Stadium on Thursday, March 3, 2016, in Surprise, Ariz. (Smiley N. Pool/The Dallas Morning News)
In this July 4, 2017 photo, Rufino Varela shows a portrait of himself on his cell phone when he was 9-years-old, during his first communion ceremony in 1974 at the Cardenal Newman school in Buenos Aires, Argentina. After nearly four decades, Varela broke his silence about sexual abuse he suffered at the hands of Rev. Finnlugh Mac Conastair at the school when he was 12 years old, which has led several other former students to denounce clerical abuse at a school that has educated President Mauricio Macri and many other members of Argentina's elite. Natacha Pisarenko AP Photo
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Cressida Dick spoke to the London Assembly's police and crime committee on Wednesday
The Metropolitan Police Commissioner, Cressida Dick, has warned that sharing crime information after Brexit will be "clunkier, clumsier and more expensive" - unless a security deal is reached.
The government is negotiating with the EU to ensure continued access to Europol and a range of law enforcement databases.
Ms Dick told the London Assembly's police and crime committee at City Hall that police made "very good, capable and productive" use of the current EU arrangements and they were "important" in helping to keep London safe.
Sophie Linden, London's deputy mayor for policing and crime, said the prospect of losing access to EU intelligence was "incredibly worrying" and would mean that police would have to phone colleagues overseas each time they wanted information.
Ministers have proposed a security treaty under which suspects could be speedily extradited between states, as they are now under the European Arrest Warrant system.
Ms Dick said it was up to the government to do the negotiations and she expected close working with agencies abroad to continue after Britain leaves the EU.
The meeting also heard that security plans for Donald Trump's state visit to the UK next week were "extremely fluid".
The commissioner said it was a "very dynamic" operation, pointing out that President Obama arrived 14 hours early when he visited.
She said Scotland Yard would be in charge of protecting the US president, who was expected to be brought a larger entourage than other heads of state.
Discussions were also underway with the National Police Chiefs Council about cooperation with other forces when Mr Trump travels outside London, and with the Home Office about extra funding.
"I anticipate we'll be able to put in a very sensible bid and look forward to the result," Ms Dick said.
'Out of control'
The commissioner moved on to discuss the violent behaviour of some young people in London, describing it as "feral".
The term was used last month by a senior Scotland Yard officer, Assistant Commissioner Martin Hewitt.
Ms Dick said it was a "strong word" that many would use to describe the "out of control" behaviour by young people who appeared to be enjoying "extreme" violence.
But she added that it did not mean there were "lots of gangs" running wild on the streets of the capital.
Ms Dick told the committee that levels of violent crime had plateaued over recent months, with eight homicides in London in June - the lowest monthly figure this year.
But she said the Met's increase in resources to tackle the problem, such as stepping up stop and searches, were "robbing Peter to pay Paul".
"I can't say we are doing more than stabilising," she added.
Image copyright PA Image caption Ms Dick has been in conversations with London Mayor Sadiq Khan over crime in the city
Earlier, Ms Dick confirmed that there would be more trials of facial recognition technology following a pilot in Stratford, east London.
"It's a tool - it's a bit like having a super-recogniser," she said, referring to police officers with extraordinary powers to memorise people's faces.
She said the trials involved "massive safeguards", saying the force's legal team ensured that the measures were used lawfully and appropriately.
"The lawyers are all over it," she added.
But only one person has been detained following the trials conducted so far.
"I'm not expecting it to result in lots of arrests," said the commissioner.
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump is attacking the leading Democratic candidate running in a special election in a conservative Georgia congressional district.
On Twitter Monday, Trump said the “The super Liberal Democrat in the Georgia Congressioal race tomorrow wants to protect criminals, allow illegal immigration and raise taxes!”
The super Liberal Democrat in the Georgia Congressioal race tomorrow wants to protect criminals, allow illegal immigration and raise taxes! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 17, 2017
Republicans are trying to prevent a massive upset in the primary on Tuesday. Democrats have united behind 30-year-old former congressional staffer Jon Ossoff, who has been boosted by opposition to Trump and an $8 million fundraising haul.
The primary includes 18 candidates — Republicans, Democrats and Independents. Republicans hope to force a June runoff with the GOP's top candidate by keeping Ossoff below 50 percent of the vote.
The Georgia primary comes a week after Republicans won a closer-than-expected special congressional victory in Kansas.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Congressman Devin Nunes used the pro-Trump media playbook but veered away from a key tenet: The tease and build-up aren't just the appetizer, they're the entire meal.
For the last two weeks a secret — now released — memo from California Rep. Devin Nunes's office has torn apart lawmakers and dominated the political news cycle. Those on the right advocating for its release have touted the four-page document as an unprecedented example of government corruption and malfeasance exceeding that of even the Watergate revelations. But for those who've paid close attention to the pro-Trump media industrial complex over the last 18 months, the memo, and its attendant media circus, felt familiar. The breathless coverage, relentless tweets, and continual teases building up to what is hopefully a grand reveal was reminiscent of a tactic honed and perfected not by whistleblowers, but by partisan shock jocks. Indeed, the saga of #ReleaseTheMemo felt a lot less like the Pentagon Papers than it did a classic Alex Jones or Sean Hannity conspiracy gambit to hijack a news cycle. Much like Jones or Hannity, Nunes successfully weaponized the pro-Trump media and its online viral outrage machine, ultimately forcing the country to obsess and speculate over a largely political document. But while the congressman's tactics to release classified information feel cribbed from the pro-Trump media playbook, Nunes appears to have made a crucial mistake: actually releasing the memo. There are easy parallels between the Nunes memo and last year's Alex Jones/Megyn Kelly interview debacle, in which the Infowars host commandeered an effort to sandbag him on network TV and transformed it into a news-dominating Alex Jones spectacle. In the weeks leading up to the interview's air date, Jones repeatedly hinted that he had some contentious bit of information about it. Then, roughly 72 hours before air, he revealed it: surreptitiously recorded audio of Kelly offering to humanize and soften him in a preinterview.
Exclusive Sneak Peek @RealAlexJones @megynkelly The Interview! Full Interview to be released tonight on… https://t.co/VS3gwwa0db
Eventually, Infowars published roughly 10 minutes of Kelly's preinterview. The footage was far from the bombshell Jones had touted; it was little more than an embarrassing interview negotiation. But Jones continued to tease it. He said he had eight more hours of shocking audio that he planned to release in the days ahead. But he never did. The Kelly interview aired the following Sunday; the controversy subsided. And Jones moved on to the next outrage. The endless tease is a tactic Jones has perfected in recent years. But he's not the only member of the pro-Trump media to use it. Sean Hannity is another master of the form. Online, Hannity has become infamous for his innumerable “tick tock” teases. He claims he knows something “major” and will soon reveal it to the world. But promised revelations rarely live up to the hype.
But the ploy does draw eyeballs and ratings. Last May, Hannity — after weeks of propagating a conspiracy theory surrounding the unsolved murder of DNC staffer Seth Rich — took to Twitter to announce what sounded like a break in the case. He promised a “huge announcement” on his program. That evening, millions tuned in to hear it. The broadcast had a 50% increase in viewership, according to Nielsen. But there was no explosive announcement. Instead, Hannity delivered the polar opposite: a meandering monologue saying he would no longer talk about the story on the air.
Huge announcement tonight about Seth Rich, Trump/Russian Collusion corrupt media, the liberal effort to silence me. And my future at Fox!
Little wonder then that Hannity and Jones have been among the most vocal proponents of releasing Nunes's memo; the memo-release strategy seems ripped right from their pro-Trump media playbook (it's worth noting that Hannity reportedly advised the president on his decision to release the document, though he denies doing so). First, it tosses bold allegations into the realm of public opinion without full evidence or context. In the memo's case, the document's classified nature prevented its particulars from being discussed. But lawmakers were free to tease the vague contours and that was more than enough to convince Trump loyalists of wholesale corruption. Second, the memo saga built suspense with each day as reluctant government officials were forced to comment on or refute its importance. By the end of the multiweek campaign, the memo had become the biggest story in Washington. But Nunes' payoff was meager. Coverage of the memo — which hit a fever pitch this week when the FBI cautioned against releasing it — began to deflate as soon as it became clear that it would indeed be published. On Thursday evening, there was a “rising White House fear” that the “Nunes memo is a dud.” Indeed, its declassification Friday afternoon was arguably the least exciting day of the entire saga. And while its contents were relentlessly examined, their revelations hardly matched the breathless hype of the past few weeks. Once public, the more explosive claims in the document appeared hard to corroborate without access to the underlying evidence supporting them, none of which was released or declassified. On top of that, there's also a looming counter memo, written by Democrats, which has also not been released. Perhaps that's because the Nunes memo departed from the pro-Trump media playbook in an crucial way — the reveal. After weeks of coverage, protest, and hand wringing, the #ReleaseTheMemo campaign had accomplished what it set out to do: push forward a narrative of corruption and anti-Trump bias. Without divulging classified information, Trump loyalists portrayed themselves and the administration as victims: They easily muddied the waters between fact, fiction, and partially true (and partially not!). Had the memo never been released, it may well have driven the news cycle for weeks more — hanging like a cloud over the Trump-Russia investigation — indisputable proof of something, just out of reach. Now that it's out, it's been defanged and its news value sapped. It will soon be subsumed by the next controversy. Nunes used the pro-Trump media playbook well until he didn't, veering away from a key tenet: The tease and build-up aren't just the appetizer, they're the entire meal. As with the Seth Rich revelations or the Kelly tapes, a conspiracy just out of reach — one that's metastasizing in the imagination of its target audience — is often more powerful than one revealed.
Charlie Warzel is a senior writer for BuzzFeed News and is based in New York. Warzel reports on and writes about the intersection of tech and culture. Contact Charlie Warzel at charlie.warzel@buzzfeed.com. Got a confidential tip? Submit it here.
News moves fast. Keep up with the BuzzFeed News daily email! Sign up Great! You're almost there! Check your inbox and confirm your subscription now!
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Sir Bobby Charlton describes the moment he was asked to 'man-mark' Germany's "awesome" young player, Franz Beckenbauer, in the 1966 World Cup final.
Watch the full documentary, Sir Bobby Charlton at 80 on Sunday 8 October, BBC One from 22:30 BST
Available to UK users only.
Vegas Golden Knights James Neal (18) sends Dallas Stars Tyler Seguin (91) flying in front of the net at the close of the second period during the Dallas Stars vs. the Vegas Golden Knights NHL hockey game at American Airlines Center in Dallas on Friday, October 6, 2017. (Louis DeLuca/The Dallas Morning News)
Call it a learning experience, but understand the Stars can't afford too many more.
Dallas lost a 2-1 game to the expansion Vegas Golden Knights Friday in the season opener...at home...when it had a 46-30 advantage in shots on goal.
While it would have been easy to blame Vegas goalie Marc-Andre Fleury, who was spectacular in making 45 saves in the first game ever for his team, or blame Kari Lehtonen, who came on in relief for an injured Ben Bishop and allowed two goals on 11 shots, the real reason was Stars players weren't consistent enough.
"I don't think it's on the goaltending. I think we made two big errors and both ended up in our net," Stars coach Ken Hitchcock said. "We did a lot of good things tonight and we did a lot of things we've got to get better at. We've got people that we've got to get better. We didn't extend the lead after the second period with all the scoring chances so we left the game out there. Even 10 minutes gone in the third period, when we had the one goal lead and were controlling it, we made a couple of mistakes."
The unraveling started when former Stars winger Reilly Smith snapped a shot that deflected off the helmet of Bishop, the free agent savior who had stopped all 19 shots he had faced. Bishop suffered a cut on his head and also had to go into the NHL's concussion protocol, a program designed to minimize the danger of concussions for players. After a short time, Bishop returned to the bench to see if he could get back in the game. But the league said no.
"He's fine and we were directed to keep him out," Hitchcock said.
Lehtonen said he thought there was a chance he was coming back out of the game, but understood the situation.
"I just asked if he was OK, if we would switch, but we kept going,"Lehtonen said. "He wished me luck, and that was it."
It was another odd incident in an odd night. Dallas hyped the opener with a Victory Green carpet walk, but also had a somber moment reflecting on the earlier death of play by play man Dave Strader after a battle with cancer and the tragic shooting in Las Vegas.
Mix in physical play by Stars wingers Alexander Radulov and Antoine Roussel, and way too many penalty kills for Dallas (seven, actually), and you had a night filled with distractions.
"We have to find a way to not be distracted. That's the biggest challenge," Hitchcock said. "We have to keep our foot on the pedal and keep our focus razor sharp for 60 minutes. That's a learned skill that we have to collectively participate in. That's the number one thing that, if we expect a different result, has to change here."
The scorers could have been distracted by the strong play of Fleury. Roussel could have been distracted by some frustrating officiating. Tyler Seguin could have been distracted by a huge hit he took from Neal at the end of the second period. Hitchcock's point is the players have to find a way to rise above all of that if they want to become a team that can win in the playoffs.
"I think the key thing to take away from tonight's game, it's not the chances, but it's the times we make a couple of mistakes in the critical point in the game," said Seguin, who scored the only Dallas goal and finished with 10 shots on goal. "I think we have all sat here enough times last year, not trying to bring up the past, but we had a lot of chances in a game. It's obviously game one, we need to find ways to play in those key moments and not be the first team to make a mistake."
The Golden Knights stepped up, and it was two former Stars who helped get the job done. Neal was traded years back for Alex Goligoski and now is on his fourth NHL team. Eakin was taken off the Stars roster in the expansion draft. They combined on a pretty goal, as Eakin took a stretch pass up the middle of the ice, drew both Stephen Johns and Dan Hamhuis to him, and then fed the puck back to Neal, who put a shot over a lunging Lehtonen.
"Yeah, just trying to be available for (Eakin) to get it over," Neal said. "Obviously, he had a guy on his back and he just put it over there. I think it hit off my skate. I just tried to do everything I could just to give myself a chance to get it on net. I saw that Kari was down, so I just tried to get it up."
In the end it was the play that won the game, and you can break down about for places where the Stars could have prevented it. They will study film Saturday and try to learn from it...learn from the entire game...before they play at St. Louis.
"We played hard and played awfully well for an extended period of time but we got distracted. When you get distracted, you throw the game up in the air," Hitchcock said. "We've got to find a way to grow our game. We've got to get more players playing better. If we can do that, we'll be in good shape. We had some players that really played well but we need more players to play better and that's an important challenge for us."
Twitter: @MikeHeika
VANCOUVER — Crews battled a stubborn fire Wednesday that was burning under a century-old railway trestle bridge near Hope, B.C.
Jeanne Larsen of the B.C. Wildfire Service said the fire began Sunday and had charred less than a hectare of bush near the Ladner Creek trestle, a metal span that was part of the decommissioned Kettle Valley Railway.
She said the thickly timbered, steep walls of the creek canyon was preventing a three-person crew from easily battling the flames.
The wildfire service lists the fire as suspected to be human caused on its website.
Although the trestle is still standing, a witness who could not be reached for comment said in a Facebook post on Sunday that the crumbling wooden ties on the old bridge deck had burned.
Larsen could not confirm that the ties were destroyed, but she says embers from them continued to spark fires that were difficult to reach in areas around the bridge.
"Just little pieces of falling, burning debris are landing on the ground and igniting little spot fires and that's what they're dealing with," she said.
Cooler weather has eased wildfire conditions across B.C. The wildfire service says progress had been made on several major fires including the Allie Lake fire northwest of Kamloops.
Cache Creek has prohibited all campfires because of the fire risk, although propane or briquette fires are allowed. The entire village was evacuated for 11 days last summer because of wildfires that prompted the province to call a state of emergency.
The fires charred nearly 2,000 square kilometres of timber and destroyed 211 homes or properties before they were declared to be out in early October.
Gardening This Weekend: May 31, 2018
We're in that transition from those cool times just a few weeks ago into the long and warm days of summer that have already begun. Here are things you'll want to get done now.
PLANT
• Annuals that will stand up to that heat for the next several months. Remember that annuals give you months of great color. Perennials, nice as they are, are usually in bloom for only a few weeks. If you're planting perennials, plan for a succession of blooms from different types.
• Tropical foliage and flowers to highlight pools and patios: bougainvilleas, mandevillas, bananas, crotons, variegated tapioca, elephant ears and their relatives and hibiscus for flowers.
• New turfgrass from sod, plugs or seed. As it gets hotter it becomes more work to get it established. This is the tail end of the best time for planting.
PRUNE
• Oddly growing shoots on shrubs. There always are a few of them each spring. Trim them individually so you can maintain the plants' natural growth forms. There's no need to do formal shearing and shaping.
• Pinch growing tips out of annuals and perennials that tend to get lanky and floppy: fall asters, copper plants, some coleus, Mexican bush sage.
• Blackberries, following harvest, to remove all canes that have just borne fruit completely to the ground. They will never bear fruit again. Pinch growing tips out of strong new 2018 shoots to encourage them to branch and stay more compact.
FERTILIZE
• Container plants, including hanging baskets, with high-nitrogen, water-soluble plant food every few times that you water them. Nutrients leach out of their potting soils rapidly.
• Iron and sulfur soil acidifier to correct chlorosis (yellowed leaves, dark green veins, most prominent on newest growth first).
• Lawns with all-nitrogen fertilizer with half or more of that nitrogen in slow-release form (encapsulated or coated). Timing of this feeding is especially critical for St. Augustine turf. It should come within next 10-15 days to lessen chance of gray leaf spot invasion.
Continued Below
Advertisement
ON THE LOOKOUT
• Bagworms are active on junipers, arborvitae and other conifers across Texas. Look for the larvae to be feeding voraciously on the small needles. Damage is unnoticeable at first. That's when their bags are still quite small, and that's when you need to apply Bacillus thuringiensis (B.t.) or almost any general-purpose inorganic insecticide. They can quickly kill their host plants.
• Early blight causing lower leaves of tomatoes to turn yellow, then quickly dried and brown. Apply labeled fungicide.
• Second application of pre-emergent to prevent germination of crabgrass, grassburs. Apply Dimension or Halts granules now followed by a good watering. It may be difficult to find these granules, but your local independent retail garden center can order them in for you. If you did not make first application in March, this application will be useless.
• Chiggers, ticks and mosquitoes are active outdoors. Protect yourself by applying DEET before you head outside. Spray all exposed flesh, especially your feet, ankles and shins. Apply to your shoes, socks and cuffs.
Posted by Neil Sperry
By Luminous Jannamike
ABUJA —In consideration of the plight of patients and to give room for an amicable resolution of its dispute with the Federal Government, the striking health sector workers, under the aegis of Joint Health Sector Unions, JOHESU, yesterday, agreed to suspend their 44 days old strike tomorrow.
This decision followed the intervention of National Industrial Court, NIC, which offered to take over the mediation process between the striking workers and the government.
Before now, a group, the Incorporated Trustees of the Kingdom Human Rights Foundation, KHRFI, had obtained a court order against JOHESU, mandating the health workers to suspend their industrial action on May 21, 2018.
But, in pursuit of its constitutional rights to either comply or challenge the court order, JOHESU filed an appeal at the Appellate Court.
However, the leadership of JOHESU decided to sheath its sword and direct members to resume duties since the NIC, as a neutral and impartial organ of the judiciary, has mandated its mediation centre to take over the negotiation and reconciliation processes within the next 24 hours in the interest of the public.
JOHESU Vice-President, Dr. Chimele Ogbonna, toldVanguard: “As responsible citizens of Nigeria, we have decided to honour the National Industrial Court, NIC, by submitting ourselves to its mediation centre, which must commence immediately. We would also call off the strike on the the first day of June.
“In the interest of Nigerians, we are sheathing our swords. We are a law-abiding union, and we shall give the law an opportunity to take its course for equity, fairness and justice to all parties.”
(Photo credit: Dreamstime)
Apple has bought the music discovery app Shazam.
The deal is pegged at $400 million, though Apple hasn't confirmed the exact number. Back in 2015, Shazam was valued at over $1 billion, Billboard reports.
The UK-based company identifies songs (as well as TV shows, movies, and ads) from audio alone and also directs users to streaming services like Spotify and Apple Music.
Apple released the below statement about the purchase on Monday:
We are thrilled that Shazam and its talented team will be joining Apple. Since the launch of the App Store, Shazam has consistently ranked as one of the most popular apps for iOS. Today, it's used by hundreds of millions of people around the world, across multiple platforms. Apple Music and Shazam are a natural fit, sharing a passion for music discovery and delivering great music experiences to our users. We have exciting plans in store, and we look forward to combining with Shazam upon approval of today's agreement.
(h/t Billboard)
Follow @WPGC on Twitter
Follow @WPGC on Instagram
1. Reincarnation of Dalai Lama in Tibet, China
China, in an unprecedented move, banned the current Dalai Lama and other Buddhist monks from reincarnating without express permission from the government. This inexplicably means the monks who choose their leaders based on centuries' old traditions may have to succumb to government choice instead.
The now exiled Dalai Lama could very well be the last of the line if he refuses to choose a successor or declines to give hints about his reincarnation as is usually the case, which would make it impossible to find a successor after his death.
The current Dalai Lama, now 79, is believed to be the 14th reincarnation of a holy monk who lived in the 14th century.
2. Time-travel and ghosts in China
In 2011, Chinese government's State Administration of Press, Publication, Radio, Film and Television (SAPPRFT) effectively put a ban on the concept of time travel in movies. The disapproval of this and other themes like ghosts and fantasy stems from the belief that these films propagate lack of original or positive thinking, feudal superstitions and ambiguous moral lessons. Back to the Future most certainly did not have any re-runs in China this year.
3. Valentine's Day in Saudi Arabia
The day of love is not only ignored, but vehemently opposed in some countries such as Malaysia, Indonesia and Saudi Arabia with arrests, fines and prison sentences. So much so that there is a burgeoning black market in some of these countries for Valentine's Day products including red roses, love-themed cards and other such gifts.
4. Obesity in Japan
The ‘Metabo Law' was enacted in 2008 in an effort to fight obesity in Japan where companies and government organisations had to measure the waistline of their employees above 40 to ensure that they fall within the safe limits prescribed by law. Having a waistline measurement above 33.5 inches for men and 35.4 inches for women is considered overweight and the people falling above this limit will have to attend counselling and medical sessions to target the problem.
5. Restrictions on baby names in Denmark
What most parents take for granted is restricted by law in countries such as Denmark and Iceland where your baby's name should be chosen from a government pre-approved list of names.
A girl named Blaer in Iceland was referred to as ‘Girl' in all her official documents simply because Blaer was not considered a feminine name. The courts intervened later and ruled that it could be used as a name. Just imagine Blaer's parents - "A Girl has no name." (We had to, you know we had to)
6. World Wide Web in North Korea
Social media sites have been banned completely or restricted for short periods in many countries such as the United Kingdom, Bangladesh, Iran, China, Turkey and other countries depending on political and economic situations.
While in most countries, people access blocked or banned sites through proxy servers, North Korea makes this impossible with it own internal internet called Kwangmyong, which does not require you to connect to the worldwide web.
7. Claire Danes and Alec Baldwin in Philippines
Claire Danes is banned from the Philippines. It came after her controversial remarks about the country, her movies were banned from being released in the Philippines in 1999 and the president at the time, Joseph Estrada, even went so far as to ban her entry to the country.
Another celebrity banned here is actor, producer and comedian, Alec Baldwin, following his joke about mail order brides on the David Letterman show in 2009.
8. Blue Jeans in North Korea
North Korea has always considered anything American as propaganda, and jeans were among the items which stood for American capitalism. Though black jeans are slowly finding its way in to the market, blue denim jeans are still frowned upon in the totalitarian country.
9. Flip Flops in Capri, Italy
While flip-flops are always frowned upon in this fashion-centric country, there are various laws which completely prohibit wearing flip-flops, low waist jeans and mini skirts in certain areas. There is an explicit disapproval of ‘noisy footwear' which was proven when a tourist couple in Capri, Italy, was fined for wearing noisy flip flops.
10. Chewing gum in Singapore
Chewing gum cannot be imported, sold or used in Singapore. Though rules have eased up slightly to accommodate tourists, it is better to not have more than two packs on you when you enter the country.
Las Vegas police said a man was in critical condition Saturday night after being stabbed in the west valley.
Officers responded about 9:30 p.m. to the 5000 block of Eldora Avenue, an apartment complex near Sahara Avenue and Decatur Boulevard. No details about how the stabbing occurred were available.
Lt. Brandon Clarkson said no suspect information was immediately available.
Stay with FOX5 for updates.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — We're in the middle of Super Bowl weekend and the excitement is mounting.
It's hard to believe after all of the years and months of counting down, the Super Bowl is now just one day away.
We've seen so much of the excitement downtown this week but there are still events all over the city.
It's hard to miss the Super Bowl excitement in the Twin Cities.
From big banners in Bloomington to special donuts on Eat Street.
“We made donuts shaped like jerseys, footballs and helmets and then piped the insignias on top,” Glam Doll Donuts co-owner Arwyn Birch said.
Glam Doll donuts is serving up special Super Bowl LII-themed sweets all weekend
“It's pretty cute because we can barely finish doing them on the tray,” co-owner Teresa Fox said.
Mall of America was a busy place for fans hoping to catch a famous face.
“I can't believe Tom Brady is here in Minneapolis,” Carter Will said.
“We actually just met Nick Foles' dad. Yes, he actually stopped by the table and introduced himself,” Eagles fan Marilyn Whitelock said.
Whitelock had her nails done to show her pride when she goes to her first Super Bowl on Sunday.
“I'm so excited and plus I turn 60 this year,” she said.
For people east of the river, the Saint Paul Ice Palace was the perfect place to show off some of Minnesota's beauty in the cold.
“It's nice that there is something else going on other than Minneapolis, it kind of spreads out the crowd a little bit,” Meghan Carda of Minneapolis said.
So no matter what team you root for, even if the Vikings aren't playing in the Super Bowl, you get one more day of eating up the excitement of football's biggest night in Minnesota.
If you do want to check out the Super Bowl Live events in Nicollet Mall that have been going on all week, Sunday is your last day. It's open from noon to 3.
This is interesting. Given the recent political climate of harassers being forced to step down, I wonder if AGU will retroactively remove any AGU members who have harassed in the past?
Safe AGU: Ethics, Response to Harassment, and Work-Climate Related Events This year AGU's Board adopted an updated Ethics Policy. This policy takes a much stronger stance against harassment by including it in the definition of research misconduct and expanding its application to AGU members, staff, volunteers, and non-members participating in AGU-sponsored programs and activities including AGU Honors and Awards, and governance. The purpose of these updates is to address persistent ongoing issues of harassment, discrimination, and bullying within the sciences. At Fall Meeting, AGU staff who are wearing “Safe AGU” buttons are trained to assist you if you need to report a harassment or other safety/security issue. Source
Then there's this:
AGU Meetings Code of Conduct
AGU meetings, open to AGU members and those interested in the geosciences, are among the most respected scientific meetings in the Earth and space science community. AGU is committed to providing a safe, productive, and welcoming environment for all meeting participants and AGU staff. All participants, including, but not limited to, attendees, speakers, volunteers, exhibitors, AGU staff, service providers, and others are expected to abide by this AGU Meetings Code of Conduct. This Code of Conduct applies to all AGU meeting-related events, including those sponsored by organizations other than AGU but held in conjunction with AGU events, in public or private facilities. In addition, AGU members and authors of AGU publications must adhere to the AGU Scientific Integrity and Professional Ethics Policy. Expected Behavior All participants, attendees, AGU staff, and vendors are treated with respect and consideration, valuing a diversity of views and opinions.
Be considerate, respectful, and collaborative.
Communicate openly with respect for others, critiquing ideas rather than individuals.
Avoid personal attacks directed toward other attendees, participants, AGU staff, and suppliers/vendors.
Be mindful of your surroundings and of your fellow participants. Alert AGU staff if you notice a dangerous situation or someone in distress.
Respect the rules and policies of the meeting venue, hotels, AGU contracted facility, or any other venue. Unacceptable Behavior Harassment, intimidation, or discrimination in any form will not be tolerated.
Physical or verbal abuse of any attendee, speaker, volunteer, exhibitor, AGU staff member, service provider, or other meeting guest.
Examples of unacceptable behavior include, but are not limited to, verbal comments related to gender, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, religion, national origin, inappropriate use of nudity and/or sexual images in public spaces or in presentations, or threatening or stalking any attendee, speaker, volunteer, exhibitor, AGU staff member, service provider, or other meeting guest.
Recording or taking photography of another individual's presentation without the explicit permission of AGU is not allowed.
Disruption of talks at oral or poster sessions, in the exhibit hall, or at other events organized by AGU at the meeting venue, hotels, or other AGU-contracted facilities. Consequences Anyone requested to stop unacceptable behavior is expected to comply immediately.
AGU staff (or their designee) or security may take any action deemed necessary and appropriate, including immediate removal from the meeting without warning or refund.
AGU reserves the right to prohibit attendance at any future meeting.
Other consequences as set forth in the AGU Scientific Integrity and Professional Ethics Policy, as applicable. Reporting Unacceptable Behavior If you are the subject of unacceptable behavior or have witnessed any such behavior, please immediately notify an AGU staff member or AGU volunteer in a leadership position. AGU staff who are wearing “Safe AGU” buttons are trained to assist you if you need to report a harassment or other safety/security issue.
Notification should be done by contacting an AGU staff person on site or by emailing your concern to lparr@agu.org.
Anyone experiencing or witnessing behavior that constitutes an immediate or serious threat to public safety is advised to contact 911 and locate a house phone and ask for security. Source: https://fallmeeting.agu.org/2017/agu-meetings-code-of-conduct/
I've been an AGU member in good standing for several years. I've attended both as a presenter, as well as a representative of the media, since I run the most-read website on climate change in the world and also have traditional media ties with our local newspaper, radio, and TV station. I've sat in on meetings where I was just feet away from people who have serially denigrated me in public and at AGU meetings as part of their talks:
Yet, I never once said anything derogatory [at the meeting or to attendees while there], or done anything to cause AGU to want to evict me from a meeting or the conference. The worst I can say I've done was take photos to share (something you'll find all over the place on Twitter from AGU attendees) and I was singled out and told not to do it any more, leaving me to photograph and report on the hallways and the beer giveaways and the “big oil funding” for AGU.
I'm not at AGU this year, as I have been in years past, mainly because it is in New Orleans this year while Moscone Center in San Francisco is being renovated. It will return there next year, as will I. I'm probably one of the few people not fond of New Orleans, because I'm just not into the partying-drinking-beading-voodoo scene the city embraces. From my view, it's a city about as far from science as you could possibly imagine. The choice of city seemed ridiculous to me for a science convention, so I wanted no part of it. It also seemed very expensive compared to previous AGU meetings, so I couldn't see asking readers for help in sending me there as I've done in years past Note: we have no “big oil” or “Koch Brothers budget” as critics love to claim.
On the plus side, as Gavin Schmidt points out, there doesn't seem to be any climate skeptics presenting this year. So they likely won't get harassed in person.
Interesting point of reference for the climate "red team". As far as I can tell none of them are giving any presentations at next week's @theAGU – the world's preeminent meeting for climate science (20K+ attendees). Most I can find is one as a co-author. — Gavin Schmidt (@ClimateOfGavin) December 7, 2017
I pointed out to Dr. Schmidt on Twitter that I've attended and presented on years past, but chose not to attend this year. No response. It's a fair point to ask if part of the reason is that “red team” members don't feel welcome, or perhaps they submitted talks, papers, and posters, but were rejected?
Meanwhile, Dr. Sarah Myhre, who is giving a talk at AGU17 (or as she calls it, a “show”) on has these things to say:
Also @raesanni I wanted you to see this: this is a hit-piece written in response to the podcast from a notorious climate-denialist and troll-barker. This is the garbage that is slung at women scientists.https://t.co/EHuxle7dPV — Dr. Sarah Myhre 🇺🇸 (@SarahEMyhre) December 9, 2017
I would say that's “unwelcome and unwanted”, to use AGU's terms. She's using labels where I did not in the article I wrote about her saying this about Dr. Judith Curry.
She seemed not to like the factual reporting in that article, probably because she has this viewpoint:
I replied to the tweet where she labeled me with this:
I was immediately rewarded with this:
Sadly, it seems she doesn't like it when her own issues with labeling and bullying are pointed out in public, but she seems perfectly OK with labeling and bullying others, which suggests to me that she believes she has the moral high-ground.
It will be interesting to see what she says during her AGU “show” and what if anything AGU will do about it if she violates the new “Safe AGU” standards set forth. It almost makes me wish I was there, almost.
Advertisements
MARATHON, FLA. (WSVN) - A fiery multi-vehicle crash temporarily closed down the Seven Mile Bridge near Marathon, according to the Monroe County Sheriff's Office.
MCSO, Monroe County Fire Rescue and Florida Highway Patrol were dispatched to the scene of the crash that resulted in a car fire at around 6:15 p.m., Wednesday.
Vehicle fire on 7 mile bridge may cause extensive slow downs in the area. Please be patient. Thanks to FHP for photos. pic.twitter.com/O8P42VPkNN — Florida Keys Sheriff (@mcsonews) June 14, 2017
Authorities redirected traffic while the bridge was inspected for damage.
No injuries were reported, and the bridge was later reopened.
Roadway open on the 7 Mile Bridge. — Florida Keys Sheriff (@mcsonews) June 14, 2017
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Former heroin addict talks about low point, rehab
Prescription drugs ─ the changing face of addiction
Intelligence officials confident Russians behind election attacks
2:23
EAU CLAIRE, Wis. (AP) -- An Eau Claire resident is accused of leaving four young children alone outside in cold weather after dark.
The Leader-Telegram reports that 30-year-old Jedadia Sullivan is charged in Eau Claire County Court with four felony counts of child abandonment.
Authorities say the temperature was 19 degrees with a 10-degree wind chill when the incident happened. The children were wearing coats but had no hats or gloves.
Sullivan faces a maximum penalty of 20 years in prison. It wasn't clear if Sullivan had an attorney.
CTV Vancouver
Two weeks after the founder of Surrey Creep Catchers was arrested over a violent confrontation with a target, members of the vigilante group have once again used force during a sting.
The latest incident happened Monday afternoon at Central City Shopping Centre in Surrey, where the vigilantes confronted a man they accused of trying to meet a 13-year-old girl.
Facebook video of the sting shows leader Ryan LaForge and another member manhandling the target, pulling him through the mall by the jacket and then cornering him against a wall outside.
"Seriously dude, let go of me," the man says in the video.
"This is a citizen's arrest," LaForge tells him. "You resist any more I'm going to knock you the f--- out."
Creep Catchers members called the RCMP to the mall to apprehend the target. The officers who responded spoke with the man and with LaForge, who was briefly taken into a cruiser.
It's unclear whether the target, whose name hasn't been confirmed, was arrested.
Earlier this month, LaForge was taken into custody after a sting at the same mall turned violent. LaForge was recorded pushing a man, who had allegedly tried to solicit sex with a six-year-old, against a wall and screaming obscenities at him.
LaForge later posted a video claiming he had been charged with assault, but there is no record of the charge on B.C.'s online court database.
During Monday's sting, LaForge was noticeably calmer when confronting the target, who allegedly offered to expose himself to a young teenager during a text conversation.
LaForge gave the man a chance to explain himself, leading him to eventually claim he wouldn't have gone through with it.
"I probably wouldn't have done a f---ing thing. I would have just – I would have chickened out," the target says in the video.
The RCMP has repeatedly condemned online vigilantism, warning that the efforts of groups like Creep Catchers can actually jeopardize its investigations.
Mounties also said if someone is believed to be a danger to children, people should report the suspect to law enforcement immediately – rather than delaying the report in order to try and shame them on social media first.
What emojis are the biggest TURN-ONS and the biggest TURN-OFFS when dating?
A dating app called Clover just analyzed which emojis are the biggest turn-ons and turn-offs. Here's what they found…
The emojis that women are most likely to reply to are the faces with the tongue sticking out or smiling . . . that one of the woman holding her hand up . . . the monkeys covering their eyes or mouth . . . and the smiling devil.
Women are most turned off by the EGGPLANT . . . the hands clapping . . . the flexed bicep . . . and the fist bump.
The emojis that men are most likely to respond to are basically all the faces that are smiling or laughing . . . and also the “okay” hand symbol . . . and the kissing lips.
And men are turned off by the crying face . . . the pile of poop . . . and the diamond engagement ring.
Click Here to see more.
NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) — Without knowing who he was or what he might do, police briefly had Travis Reinking in their sights days before the deadly assault on a Waffle House restaurant.
Alerted to the theft of a BMW from a car dealer last week, officers decided against a risky police chase, knowing the car had a GPS device and could soon be located.
Sure enough, the car was recovered the same day, outside Reinking's apartment. But police didn't figure out who stole it until Sunday, after the Waffle House attack. By then, police say, the 29-year-old with a troubled past used an assault weapon — the same AR-15 once seized from him at the FBI's request — to kill four people and wound four others.
Reinking escaped on foot from the restaurant after a quick-thinking customer wrestled the gun from his grasp, and he shed the only item of clothing he was wearing, a green jacket. By the time he was captured in the woods nearby, police had searched his apartment, and found the key fob to the stolen BMW.
Nashville Police Department Lt. Carlos Lara told reporters that a detective was tipped to the suspect's presence by some construction workers, and confronted Reinking, who lay down on the ground to be handcuffed. He carried a black backpack, with a silver semi-automatic weapon and .45-caliber ammunition. Reinking then asked for a lawyer and was taken to a hospital before being booked on four counts of criminal homicide.
The arrest ended a 24-hour manhunt involving more than 160 law enforcement officers, but it left troubling unanswered questions about official responses to months of bizarre behavior before the restaurant attack, including encounters with police in Illinois and Colorado and an arrest at the White House that raised red flags.
In May 2016, Reinking told deputies from Tazewell County, Illinois, that music superstar Taylor Swift was stalking him and hacking his phone. Reinking agreed to go to a local hospital for an evaluation after repeatedly resisting the request, the sheriff's report said.
He would make a similar claim about Swift in Salida, Colorado, nearly a year later, in March 2017, authorities there said.
Another Illinois sheriff's report said Reinking barged into a community pool in Tremont last June and jumped into the water wearing a pink woman's coat over his underwear. Investigators believed he had an AR-15 rifle in his car trunk, but it was never displayed. No charges were filed.
Last July, Reinking was arrested by the U.S. Secret Service after he entered a restricted area near the White House and refused to leave, saying he wanted to meet President Donald Trump. Reinking was not armed, but at the FBI's request, Illinois police revoked his state firearms card and seized four guns from him, including the AR-15 used in the shootings.
Signs of paranoid delusions continued: In August, Reinking told police he wanted to file a report about 20 to 30 people tapping into his computer and phone and people “barking like dogs” outside his residence, according to a report.
“There's certainly evidence that there's some sort of mental health issues involved,” Tazewell County Sheriff Robert Huston said.
But Huston said deputies eventually returned the guns to Reinking's father on the promise he would “keep the weapons secure and out of the possession of Travis.” And Don Aaron, a Nashville Police spokesman, said Reinking's father “has now acknowledged giving them back” to his son.
Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives special Agent Marcus Watson said Monday that his father's action is “potentially a violation of federal law.”
Phone calls to a number listed for the father, Jeffrey Reinking, went unanswered.
It is not clear why Reinking moved recently from Morton, Illinois, and if it had anything to do with being near Swift. She has a home in Nashville, though it is not her only residence. Police say he worked in construction for a while.
Police said about 20 customers were in the restaurant when Reinking opened fire. The first victims were Taurean Sanderlin, 29, of Goodlettsville, and Joe Perez, 20, of Nashville, shot down in the parking lot.
Sanderlin was an employee at the restaurant. Perez's mother, Trisha Perez, told the Tennessean newspaper after traveling from Texas to collect his body that she pinged her son's cellphone and was horrified to see the locator saying it was at the Waffle House.
DeEbony Groves, 21, a student at Nashville's Belmont University; and Akilah Dasilva, 23, a rap artist and music video producer, were killed inside the restaurant before customer James Shaw Jr. grabbed the hot muzzle of the assault weapon and wrestled it away.
Shaw, 29, a Nashville native who works as a wireless technician for AT&T, has been hailed as a hero.
(© Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
A model has spoken out about the abusive messages she received after posing for an adverting campaign with hairy legs.
Arvida Byström, 26, is an artist, photographer and model from Sweden. She stars in an Adidas advert promoting the brand's new Superstar trainers, but has faced a backlash since the campaign video was released on Youtube, with many commenters describing her body hair as "disgusting".
Arvida has since shared an image from the advert with her 197,000 Instagram followers, explaining that she has received rape threats: "My photo from the @adidasoriginals superstar campaign got a lot of nasty comments last week.
"Me being such an abled, white, cis body with its only nonconforming feature being a lil leg hair. Literally I've been getting rape threats in my DM inbox. I can't even begin to imagine what it's like to not posses all these privileges and try to exist in the world."
me and some TP A post shared by arvida byström (@arvidabystrom) on Aug 23, 2017 at 2:25pm PDT
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Arvida, who often shares photos of her body hair on Instagram, has been praised by many women for her refusal to comply with stereotypes.
One commenter wrote: "Hairy legs are natural. Arvida you are beautiful. To all of the superficial morons that don't like hairy legs. Don't look! All of the insane stuff going on in this world and people are fixated on hairy legs. Seriously!"
Another said: "What business of anyone's is it what you choose to do with your body hair?"
Describing their campaign star, Adidas wrote below the Youtube video: “Arvida Byström is an artist, photographer, model and cyber sensation.
“Known for her photography, which questions femininity and gender standards using so-called “girly” aesthetics.”
The Adidas campaign comes after Paris Jackson recently responded to body hair haters. She shared a picture on Instagram of herself with unshaven legs and captioned the image with: "If you're not competing with your brother over who can grow longer leg hair wyed" (wyed in this context meaning What are You Even Doing).
It's an incentive, or maybe better yet, a reward, for helping out this holiday season. Gold Miners Inn General Manager Sean Gilleran says he's offering some prizes if you donate to Toys for Tots at his downtown Grass Valley hotel…
Listen to Sean Gilleran 1
Gilleran says he'll be giving away two prizes-one is a one-night stay in an executive king suite, and the other is breakfast for six, redeemable anytime within the next couple of months. Gilleran says he's been doing this for about three years now with a great deal of success, but he also says some people who donate aren't interested in the prizes…
Listen to Sean Gilleran 2
Gilleran says last year, people were so generous that the Toys for Tots box in the lobby was filled three times over, and he hopes to meet or exceed that number this year.
–gf
If you've been reading Free Liberal all these years, you know that Dr. Carl Milsted has been a big influence on our direction and concept. He's collected his wisdom from holisticpolitics.org in the form of a new e-book.
Carl calls it Business Plan for a New Political Party, but even if you aren't interested in forming a new political party there is a lot of strategy and policy for any politically-interested person to think about.
What solutions haven't even been considered?
Are there new political alignments possible if fertile common ground exists?
Can systems thinking trump partisan bickery?
Buy it on Amazon.
I'm still reading it, so more soon.
—KDR
by
The Eastern Shore Entrepreneurship Center (ESEC) will launch a new online training program April 3 to identify ideas and early stage business concepts for products and services that improve farming, fishing and the environment. The free six-week F³ Tech Pre-Accelerator runs through May 10 and is open to individuals and small groups looking to validate a business concept and potentially join a four-month accelerator.
“The F³ Tech Pre-Accelerator program is a specially-designed proof-of-concept process for startups and entrepreneurs looking to develop an idea or product to commercialization,” said Mike Thielke, Executive Director of the ESEC. “We're targeting very early-stage startups to offer them an opportunity to validate their ideas, acquire valuable feedback from industry experts, and position themselves to take advantage of a more aggressive, traditional multi-month accelerator program such as the F³ Tech program beginning September 2018.”
Eight entrepreneur teams have already been accepted into the inaugural program from across Maryland including Baltimore City, Anne Arundel, Kent, Montgomery and Prince George's counties. Based in all F³ Tech sectors – agri, aqua and enviro – their business ideas call for recycling fruits and vegetables into high-protein edible spice mix, reversing the loss of bee hives, and creating hydroponic farms in urban areas.
In addition to Thielke, the training includes industry subject-matter experts and mentors like Charles White, Founder and CEO of PaverGuide. White benefited from the innovation ecosystem supported by ESEC to create an enviro-tech company in Queen Anne's county. White commercialized PaverGuide, a structural base for paving systems that is manufactured from recycled plastic and replaces impermeable stone surfaces with a massive reservoir to prevent nutrient runoff.
“As an entrepreneur and environmentalist, I've dedicated my career to improving storm water quality in the Chesapeake Bay watershed and the world. Thanks to the support of the ESEC and seed funding from multiple sources including ESEC's Revolving Loan Fund Portfolio, I proved that our innovative technology could be profitable and sustainable. I look forward to sharing lessons learned and best practices with the pre-accelerator participants.”
The online program features two, one-hour interactive webinar sessions each week as well as a one-hour mentoring session with a designated mentor/coach. Topics include: Assessing an idea; validating the market; evaluating customer acquisition; business model preparation; handling intellectual property; branding and marketing strategies; and finances and raising capital
To learn more or to apply to the F³ Tech Pre-Accelerator visit f3tech.org or call (410) 770-9330.
About F3Tech
F³ Tech includes three sectors: Agritech, Aquatech and Envirotech. Agritech products improve farming yield, efficiency and profitability. Aquatech creates innovations to improve fish farming, aquatic plants, algae and aquatic organisms in controlled freshwater and saltwater conditions. Envirotech applies science, green chemistry, electronic devices and technologies to monitor, model and conserve environmental resources.
About ESEC
The Eastern Shore Entrepreneurship Center is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization created in 2004 to help advance an entrepreneurship ecosystem on Maryland's Eastern Shore including Caroline, Dorchester, Kent, Queen Anne's, Somerset, Talbot, Wicomico and Worcester counties.
President Maithripala Sirisena said, the late Ven. Maduluwawe Sobhitha Thera never intended to choose a common candidate, for the Presidential Election, with the aim of stealing from the Central Bank.
The President was speaking at a discussion held to mark the 76th birth anniversary of the late monk, at the Sri Lanka Foundation Institute yesterday (30).
He added that whilst there were some who questioned his Chairmanship of the Sri Lanka Freedom Party (SLFP), due to the presence of SLFP Ministers the country was safeguarded from many dangers. He also added that he was prepared to debate this with anyone, even on television.
The President said that the Presidential Election will take place towards the end of next year and claimed that speaking of it now would only destabilize the country.
Sirisena further noted that he was prepared to answer to anyone who claimed that the country has deteriorated during the past few years.
He also added that he was not the one who had provided the previous President with a helicopter to go to Tangalle after he won the last Presidential Election and the latter lost it. He added that the order had been given by a person in the Air Force who had claimed that the order came from Sirisena. Furthermore, the President said that he did not know who made the 100-day programme, and that its biggest mistake was that it did not state that the Parliament would be dissolved the day after the Election.
Adding that whilst there were those who claimed that even a puppet would have won if they were put forward as the common candidate at the last Presidential Poll, Sirisena said that he was chosen as the common candidate because there was no one else suitable for that position.
(Source: Ceylon Today – By Denagama Dammika Ranaweera)
We know that Ajay Devgn and Kajol are doting parents to Nysa and Yug. While most of the star kids are expected to choose the same profession their parents are in, one wonders if Nysa too would end up following her parent's footsteps.
Unlike Sridevi who in one of her previous interviews, revealed how she was a little apprehensive about her daughter Jhanvi joining the showbiz, Kajol has a different take on her daughter taking a plunge in Bollywood.
When quizzed if she and her husband Ajay would be comfortable if Nysa plans to take up acting as a career, here's what the 'VIP 2' actress had to say...
'Ajay Is A Very Understanding Father' Kajol was quoted as saying to a leading daily, "Ajay is a very understanding and accepting father. We won't force our kids to take the profession we are in, but if they want it themselves, we will support them."
'I Hope My Relationship With My Children Keeps Changing With Time, Age And Maturity' Earlier while talking to Pinkvilla, Kajol had said, "As for my relationship with my children, I hope it keeps changing with time, age and maturity for one reason that at one point of time I felt they were quite helpless. They grew into being individuals and hopefully I have brought them up well enough that I know a good mother and god willing I will turn into a great friend eventually."
Nysa Thinks Her Mother Is Too Sentimental About Things In the same interview Kajol had mentioned, "She thinks I am too sentimental about things. She thinks I get touched, upset very easily. She thinks I am a little OTT. But I guess, it is okay. Children are bound to think that of their parents."
'Nysa Has A Good Head On Her Shoulders' Kajol was quoted as saying, "Honestly, she doesn't have that many (mood-swings). She is quite stable that way, I have to say considering all the other children I see of her age. She has a good head on her shoulders. I talk to her a lot about random stuff. I know when I hear her opinions about certain things that she is very intelligent and a balanced girl and that gives me a hope for the future."
'Yug Has Grown Up With Our Stardom' "I think he has grown up with our stardom. I don't know if they went through a period of getting used to it. As far as stardom is concerned, we keep it at the gate, no further. We try to keep them balanced and normal. So, they are very very normal children."
Well, it's quite refreshing to hear Kajol talking so candidly about her kids!
Just in time for the 50th birthday of one of the quintessential back to school accessories, the BACKPACK, Founder of MomGenerations.com, Audrey McClelland shows us how to get the best one for a steal! Named "one of the most influential moms online" by Nielson's Online Power Moms list, Audrey is here with advice and great offers to help kids and parents discover the perfect and even personalized backpacks and lunchboxes for them.
Don't count on bank stocks to bail out investors from the rout in tech shares.
While financial companies helped cushion U.S. stock indexes during previous bouts of tech turmoil in recent years, these days the two market segments are moving in tandem. The shift has come about as the spread between shorter- and longer-term borrowing rates narrows, a negative development for bank stocks.
Turbulence ahead? When tech was struggling, banks were there to help pick up the slack, and vice versa. Now they are moving in tandem again, and that could portend more market chop in 2018.
The dynamic was on display in Monday's markets, when Facebook dragged tech shares lower following reports of a data breach and increased speculation of a regulatory response. Meanwhile, banks were also down as the Treasury curve flattened and strategists at UBS AG and Morgan Stanley predicted the phenomenon will gain strength this week amid forecasts for Federal Reserve policymakers to boost their projections for interest rate hikes over the next two years by more than their longer-term estimates.
The thinking for banks is that inasmuch as financial institutions engage in the business of maturity transformation — borrowing money for a shorter period than they lend money — a narrowing yield spread is going to be a drag on profits. That relationship hasn't necessarily been borne out when it comes to changes in banks' net interest margins this cycle, but it is something that investors have often taken their cues from.
The fourth quarter of 2017 was an exception. Banks were among the prime beneficiaries of the overhaul to the U.S. tax code, and bested their peers as the legislation progressed. But in 2018, their relative performance has loosely tracked the yield curve once again.
In fact, the 63-session correlation between the daily change in the KBW Bank Index and Nasdaq 100 Index flipped to negative last year for the first time on record. But not only have banks now reconnected with the yield curve — they are also displaying increased synchronicity with titans of tech: That three-month correlation is now at its most positive level since before the U.S. election.
This return to the old relationship between tech and bank shares is disrupting the key factor driving the low volatility investors enjoyed in 2017: relentless rotation. When tech was struggling, banks were there to help pick up the slack, and vice versa. The shift could portend more market chop in 2018.
Bloomberg News
Have you found it difficult to obtain professional style clothing without spending an arm and a leg? As a part of the Career Days Fair this year, Career Services is making free professional clothes available to Clark students from April 19-20.
Starting at 10 a.m. in PUB 258, on both days, students will be allowed one outfit each to help prepare them for job interviews. Clothes donated throughout the year have been sized and sorted, creating a well-organized clothing shop. Changing rooms will also be available.
Sharron Orr, event coordinator, said that the Career Services Department has found throughout the years students often can't afford interview clothing, like slacks or blazers.
Orr discussed the clothing closet in reference to the greater goal of the Career Services Department and what it means for the Career Days Fair on May 1-4.
“Any career motivated decision, college decision, transfer decision, any of those things, we want to be able to help with,” Orr said. “We have such a wide variety of options that we want to put that into a three day event, with outside speakers and employers from our community that our students want to work for, and get them involved and engaged. It's taking that secret weapon and turning it into this big event.”
Orr said students often think of Career Services as a one-destination program, ending in Clark's internal workings, but the opposite is true.
“Career Services in general is a very well-kept secret on most college campuses, most people go to a career services department to find a job on campus,” Orr said. “But they don't realize the extent of most career services departments.”
Orr said that the idea of fewer jobs being available for students because of their lack of experience is a misconception. “We house an online job board where employers come to us and say ‘We want to hire your students,' and we have hundreds of jobs on that site that never get looked at.”
Clark's 11th annual Career Days Fair aims to shed light on the connections and resources available for students in need of work.
“We have so many options out there housed under one roof, and most people don't know about it,” said Orr. “So now can we get that verbiage out there and put 90 employers in front of our students that want to hire them.”
var _ndnq = _ndnq || []; _ndnq.push(['embed']);
By Lindsey Bever, (c) 2017, The Washington Post
Authorities said a man in Washington state typed out a text message about a plan to hire someone to kill his wife and their 4-year-old daughter – but it was mistakenly sent to his former boss, not a hit man.
Jeffery Scott Lytle, 42, was arrested early last week in Monroe, Washington, on suspicion of planning a murder-for-hire after Snohomish County sheriff's deputies were alerted to a chilling text message sent from Lytle's phone and addressed to someone named “Shayne.” The message, which detailed Lytle's apparent intent to have his family killed, was erroneously sent to his former boss, police said.
“Hey Shayne hows it's going,” Lytle wrote, according to a probable cause statement. “You remember you said that you would help me kill my wife. I'm going to take you up on that offer.”
It's not clear whether Lytle has an attorney.
Lytle wrote in the text message that he would split his wife's life insurance payout, which he said was worth $1 million. If the hit man wanted a bonus, Lytle wrote, he could also kill the 4-year-old girl, whose policy was worth $500,000.
“I go to work 5 in the morning,” Lytle wrote, according to court records. He reportedly added that his wife “goes to work at 2:00pm so if you can make a robbery gone wrong or make it a accident she works at walmart she gets off at 11:00.”
“I'll split everything with the insurance 50/50,” he said.
Lytle was arrested last week and charged with two counts of felony criminal solicitation for the crime of murder in the first degree, according to the court records.
Authorities said Lytle first denied communicating with anyone about a plan to kill his wife and child but later admitted that he had written the message as a way to “vent” during an argument he had with his wife about his talking with another woman, according to the court documents. He told investigators that he had saved the message on his phone and that his daughter must have sent it, police said.
Lytle also denied knowing anyone named “Shayne,” saying it was “just a name” he used when he wanted to “vent,” according to the court documents.
He told police that he often expresses his frustrations in text messages and then deletes them but had no intention of hurting his wife and daughter.
Debbie Willis, a public information officer for the Monroe Police Department, which is investigating the incident, said Tuesday that investigators have not found an insurance policy on anybody in the family.
She said they are still waiting to serve a search warrant on Lytle's cellphone.
German Ellano, who CBS affiliate KIRO identified as Lytle's roommate, told the news station that the text message could have been a misunderstanding, saying, “He's not going to do something like that.”
According to the probable cause statement:
—
A person is guilty of criminal solicitation when, with intent to promote or facilitate the commission of a crime, he or she offers to give or gives money or other thing of value to another to engage in specific conduct which would constitute such crime or which would establish complicity of such other person in its commission or attempted commission had such crime been attempted or committed.
—
It states that Lytle “admits to authoring a text communication to which appears to be to another person with the intent to facilitate the killing of his wife and daughter for financial gain.”
Lytle is being held on $1 million, according to booking records. He is due back in court March 3, according to online court records.
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump says U.S. troops will come home from Syria, but he wants to leave a “strong and lasting footprint” in the region.
Trump's comment signaled a softening in tone. Trump was insisting just a few weeks ago that he wanted to pull out U.S. troops and leave the job of rebuilding Syria to others in the region.
Asked about his timeline for bringing the troops home, Trump reiterated his desire to exit Syria. But he also said that he and French President Emmanuel Macron agreed that neither of them wants to give Iran more of an opening in the region.
Trump said “we'll see what happens but we're going to be coming home relatively soon.”
He commented during a White House news conference Tuesday with Macron, who is on a state visit to the U.S.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Delia M. “Ma Caton” (Amaral) Caton, 87, of Mattapoisett, passed away Friday, December 23, 2016, at St. Luke's Hospital, in New Bedford, after a brief illness. She was the wife of the late Manuel Caton, Jr.
Born in New Bedford, daughter of the late Ernest and Georgianna (Sylvia) Amaral, she lived most of her life in Mattapoisett. Delia had worked for 15 years at Wendy's, in Fairhaven, until her retirement. Prior to that she had worked for Coastline Elderly Services and at Dunkin' Donuts. She enjoyed knitting and crocheting.
She is survived by a daughter, Sylvia A. Rowell and her husband Donald, Jr. of New Bedford; seven sons, Ernest Caton and his wife Patricia of Mattapoisett, Michael, Steven, Manuel, Jeffrey and Joseph Caton and his wife Lynda all of Mattapoisett and William Caton of Fairhaven; a brother, Ernest Amaral, Jr. of New Bedford; two sisters, Margaret Barboza of New Bedford and Diana Nunes of Acushnet; 10 grandchildren; 12 great grandchildren and several nieces and nephews.
A graveside service was held Wednesday, December 28, 2016 in River-Side Cemetery, Fairhaven.
In lieu of flowers, memorial donations may be made to the family to help fund funeral expenses.
This Canada goose was found with a blow dart hanging in its neck at Kissing Camels Golf Course in Colorado Springs. It is one of many wildlife animals that have been targeted and harassed with darts. Colorado Parks and Wildlife Courtesy photo
Premium features include the agenda-setting Lex column, EM Squared, Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch, Newsmine blog, daily FT ePaper and exclusive weekly emails designed to enhance your FT experience.
What do you get in your Premium Subscription package?
Lex Column - The FT's daily guide to the corporate and financial stories that matter. Since the 1930's Lex has been providing concise, readable and timely commentary on companies, markets and the theory behind investing. From tech valuations to the pros and cons of share buybacks, via the banking crisis and emerging markets, Our specialists in London, New York and Hong Kong give you the tools to make better investment decisions.
Editor's Choice - An exclusive weekly newsletter with insights from Lionel Barber, the Financial Times' lauded editor.
FT Newsmine Blog - A weekly email that abstracts essential macroeconomic data for you from the week's news stories.
Free lunch - Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch - A succinct daily take on global economics from columnist Martin Sandbu who selects and comments on the day's biggest topics.
Saanich Police report that a pedestrian has been struck at Quadra and Inverness.
It happened at 6:45 p.m. in the 3300-block of Quadra just north of Tolmie Avenue.
“The collision occurred between marked crosswalks, its unsure how our injured party came to be in the laneway of this vehicle,” said Sgt. Jon Zelinski of Saanich Police.
“that's something we're investigating but at this point we're not of the opinion the driver did anything untoward.”
A Saanich Police Crash analyst is on scene and Quadra remains closed between Inverness and Cook.
The male victim was taken to Victoria General Hospital.
Police say he has regained consciousness.
By Sylvester Samba.
School going girls from different primary and secondary schools in the West end of Freetown, yesterday observed this year's Menstrual Hygiene Day with the theme: ‘No more limits'.
The organizers, Association for Women and Children at Risk informed the girls that, May 28th every year has been set aside as Menstrual Hygiene Day with the aim to benefit women and girls worldwide.
The girls were given three hours long education on the importance of good Menstrual Hygiene Management. The founder for the Association for Women and Children at Risk, Mrs. Victoria Renner said menstruation is a burning issue particularly with school girls that need to be addressed.
Reading a position paper on behalf of the association, Nancy Conteh, a volunteer said, menstruation is a wonderful milestone in every woman's life. She also stated that menstruation does not only determine the continuity of human existence, it goes a long way to encourage chastity and moral values.
The position paper further explained that, menstruation can be a barrier to education for many girls as research has found that a lack of effective sanitary products restrict girls' involvement in education and other social activities.
“Often, girls do not attend school due to fear of: leaking, shame or embarrassment, period pain or inadequate sanitation facilities that do not allow them to wash or change in privacy…often school toilets for girls are missing bins for menstrual waste collection with the result that pads may be spread all around the school compound area”, Nancy noted. She added that this pollutes the environment and also causes embarrassment for the school girls.
The position paper further explained that girls' accesses to sanitary materials are often limited by costs, availability and social norms. Nancy maintained that a lack of affordable hygienic products means inadequate, on hygienic alternatives are used which can present a serious health problem.
For girls and women not to be limited by menstruation, she explained that they need adequate sanitation facilities, access to menstrual hygiene product and knowledge. “Keeping girls in school is key to sustainable development… we therefore must be provided with the kits (knowledge and tools) to make this happen”, she stressed.
Statements were made by representatives from UNICEF, Child Rights Coalition, Action Aid and representative from the Ministry of education.
Paramedics, background center, attend a wounded man after a shooting broke out in Macerata, Italy, Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018. Italian police arrested a lone gunman in a series of drive-by shootings targeting foreigners Saturday morning that paralyzed a small central Italian city still reeling from the gruesome murder of a young Italian woman allegedly at the hands of a Nigerian immigrant. ANSA via AP Guido Picchio
WASHINGTON — Justin Trudeau says he pushed for an exemption on Canadian steel and aluminum imports to the United States during his phone call this week with Vice-President Mike Pence.
The prime minister says the government is pushing the U.S. on multiple economic fronts, including getting a deal on a renegotiated NAFTA.
Using a national-security clause in U.S. trade law, President Donald Trump is threatening to slap potentially crippling steel and aluminium tariffs on Canada, Mexico and other countries when their exemptions are due to expire Friday.
Pence "seemed to understand very clearly that national-security issues don't really apply when you talk about steel or aluminum from Canada," Trudeau said of his conversation.
"We're continuing to work, highlighting that it would be not great for Canadian workers and Canadian industry, obviously, but it also would be difficult for American workers, American jobs and American consumers, who will pay more for various products."
That is on top of intense effort by Canada, the U.S. and Mexico to get a deal on a renegotiated North American Free Trade Agreement in time for the current iteration of the U.S. Congress, and ahead of what's expected to be a turning-point election in Mexico on July 1.
Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland pushed the steel and NAFTA issues during her meeting Tuesday in Washington with Trump's trade czar Robert Lighthizer.
"Canada considers it frankly absurd that we would in any way be considered a national security threat to the United States," she said of the tariff threat, which comes under Sec. 232 of the U.S. Trade Expansion Act.
"I would like to absolutely assure Canadians, particularly those that work in the steel and aluminum industries, that the government is absolutely prepared to and will defend Canadian industries and Canadian jobs. We will respond appropriately."
Freeland left Washington empty-handed earlier today, while Lighthizer and Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross were off to Paris to talk tariffs with nervous European Union counterparts.
James C. Ho testifies during his Senate Judiciary Committee confirmation hearing on Nov. 15. Tom Williams/CQ Roll Call
Fifteen months into his presidency, Donald Trump has been a failure in all but one area: the appointment of judges to the federal judiciary. The Senate has already confirmed 33 of Trump's nominees to the bench; at this point in his first term, President Barack Obama had secured just 21 confirmations. These judges have life tenure, and if history is a guide, some of Trump's judicial appointees will still be serving in 2070. No matter who controls Congress or the White House, these judges will be shaping the law for decades to come.
Given those stakes, it's telling to look at a pair of opinions handed down by federal appeals court judges last week—one by a Trump judge, the other by a nominee of President Ronald Reagan. The first involves campaign finance, the second abortion. Yet both share a similar tone: flagrantly political, arrogant, self-righteous, and condescending. Taken together, these opinions illustrate the consequences of stacking the courts with ideologues.
Start with last Wednesday's opinion from Judge James Ho, whom Trump placed on the 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals. Unlike many of Trump's judicial nominees, Ho is qualified for the job, with a long career in the law capped off by a stint as Texas solicitor general. If I were a senator, I would've voted for him. He was confirmed in December by a 53–43 vote.
Ho issued his very first ruling last Wednesday in Zimmerman v. City of Austin, which involves a challenge to Austin's campaign finance law. The city prohibits individuals from donating more than $350 per election to mayoral and city council candidates. In February, a three-judge panel for the 5th Circuit ruled that this limit does not violate the First Amendment. The plaintiffs asked the full court to rehear the case en banc; by a 12–2 vote, it declined. Ho wrote a dissent from this decision, asserting that the court “should have granted rehearing en banc and held that the Austin contribution limit violates the First Amendment.”
That position is no surprise since Ho has previously argued that the United States should “abolish all restrictions on campaign finance.” What was startling was the petulant partisan tone of his opinion. Ho began by complaining about the “unfortunate trend in modern constitutional law” to “create rights that appear nowhere in the Constitution, but also to disfavor rights expressly enumerated by our Founders.” To prove this point, he cited Justice Clarence Thomas' peevish opinion decrying the Supreme Court's refusal to strike down a California law that requires a “cooling-off” period between gun purchases. Thomas complained that the courts are more eager to protect abortion access and same-sex marriage—which according to Thomas, deserve no constitutional protection—than they are to defend the Second Amendment. Right off the bat, then, Ho telegraphed his agreement with Thomas that gays and women have no constitutional right to individual autonomy.
It got worse from there. Toward the end of his opinion, Ho threw in a strange rant. “To be sure,” he wrote, “many Americans of good faith bemoan the amount of money spent on campaign contributions and political speech.”
But if you don't like big money in politics, then you should oppose big government in our lives. Because the former is a necessary consequence of the latter. When government grows larger, when regulators pick more and more economic winners and losers, participation in the political process ceases to be merely a citizen's prerogative—it becomes a human necessity. This is the inevitable result of a government that would be unrecognizable to our Founders. … So if there is too much money in politics, it's because there's too much government. The size and scope of government makes such spending essential.
This exaltation of “money in politics” is remarkably cynical. While the Supreme Court typically describes political spending as part of the right “to participate in the public debate through political expression,” Ho's conception of campaign finance is transactional: He believes rich people may need to buy elections to protect themselves from regulations promulgated through the people's representatives. While the Supreme Court describes campaign contributions as “participation in the democratic process,” Ho sees them as fundamentally anti-democratic—a tool the wealthy can deploy to buy off regulators. And if you don't like sky-high political spending, Ho suggests, you should support deregulation, so powerful people and corporations don't have to go through the trouble of purchasing elections in the first place.
Manion isn't interested in facts. Like Ho, he wanted to editorialize about precedents he dislikes but has no power to change.
This reasoning is drawn not from Supreme Court precedent or the Constitution, but rather Ho's own views about the evil of regulations. When Ho does cite precedent, he uses it capriciously. To bolster his claim about the modern government being “unrecognizable to our Founders,” he cited the first Obamacare case, in which Chief Justice John Roberts voted to uphold the law. Ho seemed to ding Roberts for this move—a strange and irrelevant point to shoehorn into his ruling. Notably, Judge Edith Jones, who signed onto most of Ho's opinion, declined to join this bit.
A day after Ho handed down his Zimmerman dissental, the 7th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals issued its decision in Planned Parenthood v. Indiana State Department of Health. That case involved Indiana regulations that barred women from terminating a pregnancy on the basis of the fetus' sex, race, color, national origin, ancestry, or disability, including Down syndrome. Indiana compelled the abortion providers to tell women about this prohibition and required them to “bury, cremate, or entomb” all fetal remains.
Predictably, the 7th Circuit struck down these rules as a violation of Roe v. Wade and Planned Parenthood v. Casey, which forbid abortion restrictions that place an “undue burden” on women seeking to terminate. Judge Daniel Manion, a Reagan appointee, wrote separately to dissent from part of the ruling and bemoan the entire decision. “To put it mildly, this is an unfortunate case,” Manion began, declaring that it is “regrettable” than Indiana cannot “protect especially vulnerable unborn children.” He then urged the Supreme Court to overturn Roe and Casey, complaining that these precedents make abortion “the only true ‘super-right' protected by the federal courts today.” Manion also criticized Democratic California Sen. Dianne Feinstein for calling Roe a “super-precedent,” citing a National Review article to rebut her. Then he attacked Planned Parenthood directly, writing:
Planned Parenthood and other supporters of abortion rights say that they are “pro-choice.” Yet they often challenge legislation simply intended to inform a woman's choice. For example, the plaintiff in this case also obtained a preliminary injunction prohibiting Indiana from enforcing its requirement that a woman view an ultrasound at least hours before an abortion is performed unless she elects in writing not to do so. … Indeed, Planned Parenthood and its allies have gone as far as to support California's effort to force pro-life pregnancy centers to advertise for abortion. … If Planned Parenthood were really pro-choice (and not just pro-abortion), it would encourage a client who had initially been happy to be pregnant to seek counseling elsewhere when she discovered that her unborn child had Down syndrome or another disability. Such counseling with an informed advocate for the living fetus would benefit both the woman and her unborn child.
During oral arguments in the case, Manion acknowledged he got those ideas from observing his wife's work running crisis pregnancy centers that attempt to talk women out of getting abortions. Later in his opinion, Manion cited studies showing that “people with Down syndrome and their parents and siblings are quite happy and lead fulfilling lives.” This proves, he wrote, that Indiana has “a compelling interest” in forcing all women whose fetuses have Down syndrome to carry these pregnancies to term.
The most frustrating aspect of Manion's opinion is its dishonesty. He wrote that, currently, abortion is “more ironclad even than the rights enumerated in the Bill of Rights”—in fact, “the most favored right in American law.” That is nonsense. Dozens of states still force women to undergo anti-abortion “counseling” and an invasive ultrasound before terminating their pregnancies. States compel women to wait up to six days before obtaining the procedure and require providers to lie to their patients about “fetal pain” and the nonexistent link between abortion and breast cancer. Abortion is, in reality, one of the most excessively regulated constitutional rights in America—hardly “the most favored” of all the Constitution's guarantees.
But Manion isn't interested in facts. Like Ho, he wanted to editorialize about precedents he dislikes but has no power to change. And like Ho, he has virtually nothing to lose by doing so. Manion was confirmed in 1986 by a 50–49 vote, with then–Vice President George H.W. Bush breaking a tie. He will remain on the bench for as long as he wants. And he answers to no one.
Manion is 76 years old. Ho is just 45, and other Trump judicial nominees are in their 30s. These men and women (but mostly men) will be subjecting us to gratuitous screeds for much of the rest of our lives. They won't always be in dissent: As Trump tips more federal appeals courts to the right, Ho and Manion will increasingly find themselves in the majority, turning their biases into law. For now, all Senate Democrats can do is take Ronald Klain's advice: Read Ho's Zimmerman jeremiad to every judicial nominee and ask them one simple question—is this really how judges are supposed to behave?
Cornet George Peden was the toast of Hawick back in 1967 when he led the town in the annual Common Riding celebrations.
Teries returned from overseas and visitors from surrounding Border towns and further afield joined in the festivities. Blessed with brilliant weather over the three days, the Cornet was supported by over 130 horsemen and crowds on foot wherever he went. Our photograph captures a sight dear to the hearts of all Teries at home and abroad as Cornet Peden responded to the cheering of the crowds after tying the common Riding colours to the horse commemorating the Battle of Hornshole in 1514. Send us your old photographs to: southern-newsdesk@jpress.co.uk
The United States and South Korea have agreed to resume joint military drills early next month, the Pentagon said, a move that was expected despite US President Donald Trump's planned meeting with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un.
Seoul and Washington said in January they would delay the annual exercises, known as Key Resolve and Foal Eagle, until after the Olympics and Paralympics held in South Korea, helping to create conditions for a resumption of talks between South and North Korea, which sees the drills as a rehearsal for invasion.
The exercises are expected to begin on April 1, and will be of a "scale similar to that of the previous years," the US military said in a statement late on Monday.
"Our combined exercises are defense-oriented and there is no reason for North Korea to view them as a provocation," Lieutenant Colonel Christopher Logan, a Pentagon spokesman, said in a separate statement.
Share on facebook Share on Twitter
LUCKNOW, India (AP) — Parents of at least 35 children who have died in a state-run hospital in northern India over the past three days have alleged that the fatalities were due to the lack of a sufficient oxygen supply in the children's ward.
District Magistrate Rajiv Rautela said Saturday that the deaths of the children being treated for different ailments at the Baba Raghav Das Medical College Hospital in Gorakhpur city in Uttar Pradesh state were due to natural causes. He denied that an insufficient oxygen supply led to their deaths.
Parents said that the oxygen supply to the ward ran out Thursday night and that patients' families were given self-inflating bags to help the children breathe.
“That's the time when the death of the children peaked,” said Mritunjaya Singh, whose 7-month-old son was admitted to the hospital and was not among the dead.
The Uttar Pradesh government has ordered an investigation.
Prashant Trivedi, the state's top health official, acknowledged that there was a problem in the pipeline supplying oxygen.
“But the situation was managed through oxygen cylinders,” Trivedi said. “The hospital administration has enough supply of cylinders in its stock. So the report about death of children because of oxygen issue is false.”
The parents said the company that supplies oxygen to the hospital had earlier threatened to stop the distribution of oxygen unless the government paid its long-overdue bills.
Rautela said that the hospital owed 6.8 million rupees ($106,000) to the company, but added that it had adequate numbers of oxygen cylinders.
Parmatma Gautam, whose 1-month-old nephew, Roshan, died when the oxygen supply stopped, said the hospital authorities and the district administration were trying to cover up their failure to pay the bills on time.
“We saw our baby struggling to breathe and we couldn't do anything,” Gautam said as tears flowed down his weather-beaten cheek.
The family had rushed the newborn to the hospital from neighboring Siddharthnagar district on Aug. 9 because he had a high fever.
“We are now going back with his body,” Gautam sobbed.
The federal health ministry sent a team of specialists to the hospital Saturday to verify what caused the deaths at the facility, which provides health care to a vast swath of Uttar Pradesh and neighboring Bihar state.
Meanwhile, opposition leaders took to social media to blame Prime Minister Narendra Modi's Bharatiya Janata Party, which rules the state, for its neglect and indifference to people's health.
Opposition Congress Party Vice President Rahul Gandhi tweeted: “Deeply pained. My thoughts are with the families of the victims. BJP govt. is responsible & should punish the negligent who caused this tragedy.”
Some of the children had been treated for encephalitis, a disease that preys on the young and malnourished and is rampant in the state during the monsoon season, which runs from June till September.
The hospital, which has become a major center for children with encephalitis, has treated nearly 370 cases in the last two months. Of these, 129 children died, said Satish Chandra, a hospital spokesman.
Health activists said successive governments had ignored the threat posed by encephalitis as it was a disease that affected poor, malnourished children.
“Encephalitis has a mortality rate as high as 30 percent. The government needs to tackle it with a rigorous campaign,” said R. N. Singh, a medical doctor who has been leading the fight against the disease in Gorakhpur district. “Commonly, this disease affects the voiceless poor, so it has not got the attention it warrants,” Singh said.
Gorakhpur is located 300 kilometers (185 miles) southeast of the state capital, Lucknow.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Video of what God is doing. Visit the YouTube channel: Todd White for more
_______________________
Powered by WPeMatico
facebook comments:
A south Fort Myers mother claims a man tried to lure her 4-year-old son into his SUV.
MANILA – Three persons died while 32 others were injured when a 42-foot-tall water tank exploded yesterday around 3:30 a.m. at Muzon village in San Jose del Monte, Bulacan.
According to San Jose del Monte chief of police Superintendent Fitz Macariola, the casualties were Jimmy Garcia, 50; Jaina Espina, one; and Elaine Chamzon, 22.
“Malakas ‘yung explosion at nasira ‘yung mga nakaparadang motorcycles at ‘yung patrol car doon sa kalapit na presinto,” Macariola said. “We are still investigating kung sumabog ba ‘yung water tank dahil sa pressure.”
Those injured were treated in various hospitals in Bulacan and Metro Manila.
San Jose Del Monte Water District general manager Engineer Loreto Limcolioc said they were clueless on the cause of explosion.
The water tank was regularly maintained, he stressed.
It can store up to 2,000 cubic meters of water.
Clearing operation on the affected houses were still ongoing as of press time.
Water district officials would be meeting the local government engineering team, the construction company, and the contractor of the water tank to find out the cause of explosion.
The roads from Barangay Muzon to Marilao, Bulacan were temporarily closed due to the incident./PN
RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) — College basketball played an entire season amid a federal corruption investigation that magnified long-simmering troubles within the sport, from shady agent dealings to concerns over athletes who'd rather go straight to the pros.
Now it's time to hear new ideas on how to fix the complex, wide-ranging problems.
On Wednesday morning, the commission headed by former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice will present its proposed reforms to university presidents of the NCAA Board of Governors and the Division I Board of Directors at the NCAA headquarters in Indianapolis. And that starts what could be a complicated process in getting changes adopted and implemented for next season.
“I expect the proposals will be strong,” NCAA president Mark Emmert told The Associated Press. “They'll certainly break with the status quo. That's their charge and their mission. That's what we need.
“I think it's going to be a very good day for college sports,” he said.
That would be welcome, considering there has been no shortage of bad days in recent months.
The Commission on College Basketball formed in October , a few weeks after federal prosecutors announced they had charged 10 men — including assistant coaches at Arizona, Auburn, USC and Oklahoma State along with a top Adidas executive — in a fraud and bribery scandal.
The case involves hundreds of thousands of dollars in alleged bribes and kickbacks designed to influence recruits on choosing a school, agent or apparel company. And it has entangled schools such as Kansas, North Carolina State , Louisville and Miami , among others, though prosecutors withdrew a criminal complaint in Feburary against one of the defendants, a youth hoops program director.
Atlantic Coast Conference commissioner John Swofford said that case has put college sports in the position of reacting instead of proactively heading off yet-to-emerge problems.
“Sometimes unfortunately that's what it takes,” Swofford told the AP. “You'd like to think that collectively the basketball world could've seen this coming and had the foresight to get out ahead of it. But that's not reality. Organizations and people, we all sometimes need wake-up calls. And I see this as a wake-up call, and therefore an opportunity.”
One the Rice commission wants to seize.
It was charged with finding ways to reform and modernize rules, including looking at the NCAA's relationship with the NBA, youth leagues, apparel companies and agents. It was also set to review an enforcement process that frequently takes years to resolve complicated cases of potentially major rules violations.
The commission features several prominent names in the sport, including former NBA stars Grant Hill and David Robinson, former Georgetown coach John Thompson III, retired college coach Mike Montgomery and Ohio State athletic director Gene Smith.
“The stage is set, certainly, given what's happened with law enforcement and what we've seen in media reports around men's basketball at the collegiate level,” Southeastern Conference commissioner Greg Sankey told the AP. “You involve Condoleezza Rice because you want an impactful outcome.”
After Rice presents Wednesday morning, the boards will meet to consider adopting the commission's recommendations, either fully or in part. The next stop would be the Division I Council, a group mostly made up of athletic directors, to craft legislation for implementation.
Emmert said the council is already forming subgroups to deal with the targeted areas the commission is expected to address, with the goal of having legislation ready to be presented by August in time for next season.
Swofford, for one, said he'd prefer to end the one-and-done model of top NBA prospects arriving in college for one-year pit stops before turning professional, though that would also take agreement from the NBA. Swofford prefers a model similar to baseball by allowing high schoolers to go straight to the pros but require players who enter college to spend two years there.
He'd also like to see the NBA-run G League become a stronger developmental option for athletes who don't want to come to college, a path recently chosen by former Syracuse recruit and McDonald's All-American Darius Bazley.
Regardless, Swofford said, changes must be broad-based because “I don't think there's a silver bullet here” to fix everything. And he expects the commission to offer “substantive” findings.
“If we can't react to something like this in a way that brings significant improvement to the system and to what we're doing, shame on us,” Swofford said.
HE Mattar Al Tayer, Director General and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Roads and Transport Authority (
HE Mattar Al Tayer, Director General and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Roads and Transport Authority ( Image Credit: Supplied
Dubai: Imagine this: A city where driverless vehicles, mini-buses and boats move people around — on time and with minimum disruption.
Elements of these are already in place in Dubai. For example, the Dubai Metro is fully driverless, and so is the Phase II of Dubai Tram, which includes fully driverless trams
To this end, Dubai 's Roads and Transport Authority (RTA) has also commissioned a study on the deployment of driverless express shuttle buses and taxis.
Mattar Al Tayer, Director General and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Roads and Transport Authority (RTA), outlined the elements of Dubai's vision to lead the world in driverless mobility in a talk entitled "Autonomous mobility — Global Challenges and future prospects" at the World Government Summit in Dubai 2017 on Monday.
"The Autonomous Mobility had become a fait accompli and a continuously evolving," said Al Tayer. "his technology has been tested in several countries including Dubai, Singapore, the United States and Britain.
"The Government of Dubai is leading the transition to driverless mobility in Dubai and is planning to take a leading position worldwide in Autonomous Mobility by 2030, whereas in other cities and countries, it is the private sector that leads the process.
"His Highness Shaikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, Vice-President and Prime Minister of the UAE and Ruler of Dubai, has launched the Dubai Smart Autonomous Mobility Strategy where 25% of all journeys in Dubai would be transformed into driverless journeys by 2030.
"We anticipate that the percentage of journeys that would be made by the driverless Dubai Metro to reach 12.2% by 2030 compared with 8.8% in 2016. We anticipate that the percentage of journeys made by autonomous buses to reach 6.4% by 2030,” Al Tayer added.
During his speech, Al Tayer played a film about the Autonomous Aerial Vehicle (AAV), which RTA is currently testing in cooperation with EHANG Company of China, the first ever-manned vehicle worldwide.
“The AAV on display at the World Government Summit is not just a model but it has really flown in Dubai skies. RTA will spare no effort to launch the AAV in July 2017.”
5 Levels
During his speech, Al Tayer reviewed the current Autonomous Mobility, particularly from the governments' prospective, as well as the expected benefits, saying: “Researches and studies related to Autonomous Mobility started some decades ago, highlighted by fitting some vehicles with limited driverless features.
These researches and techniques had evolved and have now reached to advanced levels. Software companies entered the Autonomous Mobility field over the last ten years including Apple Company, which invested $ 10 billion in iCAR, in addition to many car manufacturers such as Daimler, Volvo and Tesla, which conducted several successful test runs in this regard.
According to the Classification of the American Society of Automotive Engineers, the Autonomous Mobility includes five levels for driverless mobility where Level 1 is limited to the vehicle's self-stopping when approaching a hindrance;
Level 5 is about the vehicle's ability to travel anywhere under any circumstances without any human intervention.
The commercially available technologies now fall within Level 3 approximately where a driverless vehicle is available for limited periods in normal circumstances and requires the driver's intervention under certain conditions.
The current researches and studies fall between Level 4 and Level 5, where some companies are currently testing driverless vehicles on pre-defined or non-defined routes. Governments around the world have spent more than US$600 million to support researches related to driverless vehicles.
This amount does not include the amounts disbursed by private companies. Some of these investments have been allocated to establish test & research centers in several parts of the world including Singapore, California, Michigan, Taiwan and Sweden.
In Michigan, an integrated city has been established and dedicated to Autonomous Mobility researches called ‘M City.'
This city is fitted with full infrastructure including intersections, traffic lights and buildings, and spans an area of ​​130,000 square meters. This city, along with other similar ones, allow for conducting test runs in various scenarios including weather conditions and interaction with other vehicles and means of transportation. In addition, labs have been established to ensure the viability of this technology to achieve traffic safety and security standards.”
Pioneering position
“Dubai was able to carve out a nifty niche for itself among the world's countries within a few years thanks to the vision of our wise leaders who set a clear-cut target of transforming 25% of all journeys in Dubai into driverless journeys by 2030. Dubai's Metro is the world's longest driverless metro which lifts more than 600,000 riders a day, in addition to Dubai Tram which is also fitted with some driverless features and Phase II will witness the operation of fully driverless trams,” added Al Tayer.
“Dubai has also started the test run of driverless mini-buses, vehicles and boats, besides considering the options of deploying driverless express shuttle buses, and taxicabs from some leading companies.”
Al Tayer also referred to the Last Mile Trip initiatives in collaboration with the private sector including the Hourly Rental System E-Kar & U-Drive by first providing the infrastructure for the electric and environment-friendly vehicles, which may be transformed into driverless vehicles in the future.
“Dubai aspires to take a leading position by 2030 basing on its Smart Autonomous Mobility Strategy, besides clear-cut targets, enacting & enforcing the required legislations and forging partnerships with specialized universities and research centers.”
Global Challenges
Al Tayer then spotlighted the four key global & local challenges facing the Autonomous Mobility, namely: infrastructure, which includes high resolution & regular update of maps; road markings, traffic lights and clear directional signs; and Right of Way-oriented design.
The second challenge is related to laws and legislations, which include the technical inspection specifications & licensing, insurance mechanisms, identifying responsible parties in case of accidents, terms and places where these vehicles are operated.
Al Tayer referred to Dubai's legislative system, which is known for its flexibility and keeping up-to-date with the new developments and changes. The third challenge is related to safety and public acceptance of driverless vehicles.
Ordinary users may not be satisfied, particularly when the driverless vehicles share the same routes as ordinary ones. The governments must play a key role here in providing effective awareness to the public on the new technologies to the public in a way that promotes confidence.
Al Tayer referred to the procedure taken by the RTA during the opening of the Dubai Driverless Metro, where a person was deployed to pose as a driver for a period of about six months just to reassure passengers and encourage them to use the metro.
“The fourth challenge is related to technological requirements and the efficiency of sensors and cameras in various circumstances, as well as electronic piracy protection procedures.
"The manufacturers of driverless vehicles have to cope with numerous technological challenges including the difficulty to handle sudden changes during the journey including a sudden stop of another vehicle in front of the driverless vehicle; the difficulty to take the appropriate decisions when another vehicle approaches fast to the rear of the driverless vehicle; and the possibility of overlapping scanners of driverless vehicles, especially if many of them are running on a congested road.
Local Challenges
Besides these global challenges, there are other challenges facing Dubai including Harsh weather conditions (high temperatures, humidity) and their impact on driverless transportation technological systems, and the multi-nationalities and cultures in Dubai, being a world tourism & business hub (more than 190 nationalities).
This may increase people's reluctance to embrace modern technology. There is a need to provide suitable means of transport to drop passengers to their final destinations under the prevailing weather conditions
“To cope with these challenges, we have prepared Dubai Smart Autonomous Mobility Strategy which, compared to other global strategies, is characterized by the leading role of the Government of Dubai in the transition to driverless mobility, while in other cities and countries, it is the private sector that leads the process.
"Moreover, Dubai's vision incorporates all mass transit modes such as trains, buses, marine transit modes and taxis, as well as private vehicles, while many countries focus on a limited number of transit modes. Our strategy also includes a global competition to attract advanced companies in the field of smart mobility, which we will announce later.
8 Enablers
Al Tayer stated that to beat those challenges, eight enablers have been identified and will be implemented in a parallel manner.
These enablers are: enacting legislations and rules, enhancing community attitude and aptitude for technology, setting out conditions & regulations of issuing vehicle licenses, revising insurance regulations, fulfilling the requirements of infrastructure, combating electronic piracy, establishing communication between vehicles, and the constructing of high-definition maps.
He noted that the implementation of the Autonomous mobility has multiple benefits, and we have started in Dubai to reap some of these benefits through the driverless Dubai Metro including the improved punctuality to timetables by 6.4% compared with ordinary rail systems, and the reduced operational cost by 7%.
We expect Dubai Autonomous Mobility Strategy to generate economic dividends to the worth of 22 billion dirhams per annum, reduce the mobility expenditure by 44%, curb demand for parking by 50%, reduce carbon emissions by 12%, limit traffic accidents and associated losses by 12%, and enhance the happiness rating of residents by offering new mobility options.
Success Factors
The success of the Dubai Autonomous Mobility Strategy is based on a number of factors including the comprehensiveness and accuracy of information as well as their effective exchanging. To achieve this, we are currently constructing a unified center for merging all information of various transit means.
The center will be opened shortly. We will also build effective partnerships with excellent businesses and universities. In this regard, the RTA has recently signed agreements with international firms such as Next Future Transport, Daimler and Hyperloop One.
The RTA is also undertaking field tests with Easy Mile Company, and forging consortiums with international universities, research centers to carry out researches in the field of autonomous transport technologies in a way that befits the needs of Dubai Emirate.
Concluding his speech, Al Tayer was upbeat about the promising future of autonomous vehicles, saying: “The journey on an autonomous vehicle will soon be like boarding a lift. All of us trust the closed box that lifts us to different levels as we know it is secure, ready and tested. This is what the RTA is seeking to achieve through autonomous mobility strategy and associated initiatives.
A woman on the east side of Milwaukee spent her New Year's Eve with police officers after someone attempted to break into her house by kicking in her front door.
It happened Saturday night around 11:00 p.m., according to the woman. She was home at the time watching TV.
"I heard a large boom and sort of crash," said Melissa, who asked us to only use her first name. "My door had been kicked or punched in."
She says as soon as the suspects busted through her door, her alarm went off, scaring them away.
"I heard them say something to the effect of 'oh crap, it's the wrong house,'" she said.
She called 911 and reported the incident to officers, who told her they had received similar calls already that night on her street.
"I personally think if you're going to rob people, New Year's Eve is the right time to do it," she said. "It sounds like they were knocking on several different doors so had I not been home they would have been pretty successful at getting into my house and robbing me."
The suspects managed to knock all of the hardware off her door and did enough damage that it had to be boarded up.
She also believes they may have been injured since they left blood on her door.
"I hope this doesn't happen again but if it does, I have some ideas about what I would do. And also I'm going to change up the security in my house and just make sure if this does happen again I'm prepared," she said.
Be sure and try our new SNOWCAST APP! It is the "snow equivalent to STORM SHIELD" - a great new product that gives you high resolution snow forecasts for any part of the nation! It has just been introduced for iPhones, but we are working on the Android version! Just search SNOWCAST in the App Store or click here.
CTV Vancouver
A police bomb squad was called into Vancouver's downtown core overnight to investigate a pressure cooker that was left on Granville Street.
The appliance was discovered at around 9 p.m. on a bench outside the 7-Eleven on Drake Street, triggering a heavy police response that disrupted evening traffic for several hours.
By about midnight, authorities had determined there was no risk to the public.
Though witnesses reported hearing a loud blast, police said it was only a controlled explosion performed by a bomb disposal robot.
"The item was not an explosive device," Const. Jason Doucette told CTV News in an email. "Any noise was from our officers destroying the item in a controlled manner."
Authorities are still working to determine how and why the pressure cooker was left on the busy Granville Strip in the first place.
During the police response, which involved members of the ERT team, northbound bridge traffic was temporarily diverted to Seymour Street, and southbound traffic was diverted to Howe Street.
More than a decade has passed since federal regulators cracked down on partnerships between payday lenders and banks that had been designed to circumvent state interest rate caps.
Now the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, operating under newly installed leadership, has taken a notable step in the opposite direction.
The agency said Friday that it has terminated a 2002 consent order with Ace Cash Express. The decision, first reported by the Wall Street Journal, frees the Irving, Texas-based payday loan chain from a regulatory prohibition on partnerships with national banks.
While the action involves only one company, its implications could be substantial, according to observers on both sides of the debate over payday lending.
“It's a sea change in terms of the atmosphere on small-dollar lending,” said Richard Eckman, a lawyer at Pepper Hamilton who structured numerous partnerships between banks and payday lenders in the early 2000s.
“I think [small-dollar loans] should be put back in the banking sector,” Otting said. Bloomberg News
If banks are again allowed to partner with payday lenders, state laws that set strict caps on consumer interest rates could be rendered toothless.
South Dakota is an example of a state that could be impacted. Sixteen months ago, the state's voters approved a 36% interest rate cap. Critics of payday lending worry that federal banking regulators may effectively overturn such laws, and that last week's decision by the OCC is a step down that path.
Several other states, including Connecticut, Montana, New Hampshire and Oregon, have also set strict rate caps that have made it difficult for payday lenders to operate in those states.
“I think that it signals one more alarming data point in a trend that is posing a significant threat to consumer protection in states that care about it,” said Christopher Peterson, a law professor at the University of Utah and a vocal critic of the payday lending industry.
Back in the early 2000s, payday lenders had figured out how to take advantage of banks' authority to apply the interest rate rules of their home states to consumer loans made in other states.
Such arrangements, which were often pursued by small banks with headquarters in states that had permissive rules, were derided by critics as rent-a-bank partnerships. The deals enabled payday lenders to operate in some states where they otherwise would have been barred.
The OCC's crackdown was not subtle. In 2003, then-Comptroller of the Currency John D. Hawke Jr. told payday lenders: “Stay the hell away from national banks.”
The crackdown came in the name of preserving the safety and soundness of national banks. In October 2002, Ace Cash Express was penalized for failing to safeguard 641 customer loan files, which represented loans on the books of a partner bank in California, and had been discarded in a trash dumpster.
But some observers saw the OCC's rationale as a pretext for purging from the banking system loans that government officials saw as excessively costly to consumers.
Ace Cash Express was not the only payday lender to be punished by the OCC in the early 2000s. In January 2003, Advance America, a large payday lending chain based in Spartanburg, S.C., agreed not to pursue partnerships with national banks unless it got permission to do so.
After the OCC made its position clear, payday lenders turned to state-chartered banks, since their regulator, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp., was seen as more permissive.
But in 2005, the FDIC issued guidance designed to ensure that customers did not end up in a cycle of debt as a result of rollovers of high-cost payday loans.
Following the FDIC's action, payday lenders largely abandoned their pursuit of bank partnerships as a way to skirt state-by-state lending rules. And in some states that still had strict interest-rate caps, such as Pennsylvania, payday lenders were forced to cease their operations.
The hostility of bank regulators to payday lending continued during the Obama administration. In 2013, the OCC and the FDIC issued regulatory guidance that led to the demise of deposit advance loans, which bore a resemblance to high-cost payday loans, even though they were made by banks.
But during the Trump administration, the regulatory pendulum for payday lending has swung in the opposite direction.
At his Senate nomination hearing last summer, Comptroller of the Currency Joseph Otting lamented the regulatory actions that led some big banks to stop offering the kind of small-dollar loans that are often a last resort for financially strapped consumers.
“I think they should be put back in the banking sector,” Otting said.
In October, the OCC rescinded its four-year-old guidance on deposit advance loans. And since then, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau's acting director has expressed hostility toward payday lending rules that were developed during his predecessor's tenure.
Peterson, who is a senior adviser at the Consumer Federation of America, says the OCC's announcement last week should be viewed in the context of those other recent federal actions.
He said the regulators' recent moves are reminiscent of steps taken by federal agencies prior to the early 2000s, which weakened the authority of states to regulate payday lending.
“We've been down this chipping-away path before,” Peterson said. “History is repeating itself.”
Jamie Fulmer, a spokesman for the payday loan chain Advance America, said that he is waiting to see whether the OCC's action is a harbinger of broader changes. At least for now, Advance America's consent order with the OCC remains in effect.
“I hope it's a return to the principle that, if you're going to benefit consumers in the marketplace, you really need to regulate products and services, and not specific providers,” Fulmer said.
Quote 'We've been down this chipping-away path before,' said Christopher Peterson, a law professor and a vocal critic of the payday lending industry. 'History is repeating itself.'
For its own part, the OCC is downplaying the importance of its decision to terminate the 16-year-old consent order with Ace Cash Express.
OCC spokesman Bryan Hubbard noted that whatever partnerships that might be pursued would be subject to guidance on risks related to banks' third-party business relationships. That guidance was published in 2013.
Hubbard also noted that the CFPB is the primary federal regulator for Ace Cash Express, and that a 2014 consent order between the CFPB and the company is still in effect.
Referring to the last week's action, Hubbard said in an email: “I would not characterize this as a significant change. This was an enforcement action against one company.”
Lisa McGreevy, president and CEO of the Online Lenders Alliance, which represents companies that make high-cost consumer loans, also argued that the implications of the OCC's decision are limited.
“I don't expect that the lifting of this particular consent decree will have any effect on the diligence with which the OCC exercise its supervisory authority with respect to bank partnerships with third parties,” she said in an email.
A spokesperson for Ace Cash Express did not return a call seeking comment.
Happy 4th of July! Whether you're trying to honor a soldier who has served their country, come up with a funny message for your Facebook status or send a celebratory text message to friends and family, the options for fun and meaningful quotes are endless.
“Let's party so hard on the 4th of July that it ruins our 5th of July!” – SomeECards
“America, to me, is freedom.” – Willie Nelson
“We are the land of the free, we are the home of the brave. Let's pay tribute to our brave American Heroes on this special day and forever. Happy Independence Day!” – DGreetings
“Freedom makes a huge requirement of every human being. With freedom comes responsibility. For the person who is unwilling to grow up, the person who does not want to carry its own weight, this is a frightening prospect.” – Eleanor Roosevelt
“America is a tune. It must be sung together.” – Gerald Stanley Lee
“Then join hand in hand, brave Americans all! By uniting we stand, by dividing we fall.” – John Dickinson
“The essence of America – that which really unites us – is not ethnicity, or nationality, or religion. It is an idea – and what an idea it is – that you can come from humble circumstances and do great things. That it doesn't matter where you came from, but where you are going.” – Condoleezza Rice
“I believe in America because we have great dreams, and because we have the opportunity to make those dreams come true.” – Wendell L. Wilkie
“A very happy 4th of July to whoever invites me to their pool party.” – SomeECards
“This nation will remain the land of the free only so long as it is the home of the brave.” – Elmer Davis
“Freedom is nothing but a chance to be better.” – Albert Camus
“America.. it is the only place where miracles not only happen, but where they happen all the time.” – Thomas Wolfe
“Freedom is never granted. It is earned by each generation… in the face of tyranny, cruelty, oppression, extremism, sometimes there is only one choice. When the world looks to America, America looks to you, and you never let her down.” – Hillary Clinton
“Happy 4th of July! Drink until you see stars … and stripes!” – Unknown
“With great respect in our hearts, Let's give our thanks to all the great soldiers who made our land free. Happy Fourth of July!” – DGreetings
“One flag, one land, one heart, one hand, One Nation evermore!” – Oliver Wendell Holmes
“Independence now and forever!” – Daniel Webster
The 4th of July is also known as America's Birthday. However, some dispute this, saying that the day is not actually our country's birthday. One reason, is that signatures were affixed on the Declaration of Independence on July 2, 1776. Others think the date should be June 21, 1788, when New Hampshire became a state, which ratified and made the Constitution binding.
Traditions that come along with the 4th of July include fireworks, picnics, barbecues and get-togethers. We often wear stars and stripes or red white and blue to celebrate the day.
These ladies' side hustles make serious bank These famous women have super-successful side hustles. Bethenny Frankel may be famous for starring on Bravo, but she's filthy rich from her Skinnygirl brand. The Queens native sold her boozy...
Judge wants Bethenny's daughter to see a psychologist "This is a case where joint custody is just not viable," Frankel's attorney said.
'Real Housewives of New York' stuck on a cruise from hell A pleasure cruise ended with the cast awash in vomit and fearing for their lives as their boat caught fire and started sinking.
/ Front page / News
+ Enlarge this image Krishal Sharma points to the place where Chandar Mani was lying after he was hit by a car on Tuesday night. Picture: KALESI MELE
A 56-YEAR-OLD man is the latest road fatality victim after an accident at the Nasoso, Nadi feeder road on Tuesday night.
The victim, Chandar Mani, had been walking to a nearby shop with two of his companions to buy grog when the incident occurred. Krishal Rohit Sharma, 24, said the car hit him first but he was not badly hurt.
"The side mirror of the car hit my neck and I was able to jump onto the other side of the ditch," he said.
"I think the driver wasn't able to see where he was driving because the headlights from the oncoming vehicle would have made it impossible to see.
"He wasn't aware that he had hit uncle until my father, who was walking a little ahead, screamed prompting the driver to stop."
The deceased's nephew, Ritesh Mani, said he was at the temple when he heard the screams.
"We saw what happened and immediately put him in a car to take him to the hospital. On the way there he was saying 'save me'.
"We thought the doctors would be able to help him but 15 minutes after we arrived they informed us that he didn't make it.
"He was a good man, always kind. He worked for me, helping around in the house and helping my wife who is ill.
"We lost a good man in our family."
The deceased is the third man in the family to have died from a car accident.
His two elder brothers also lost their lives in road accidents.
Police spokesperson Ana Naisoro said the driver of the vehicle was a 71-year-old man.
"We are again pleading with all road users whether you are a driver or pedestrian to please be mindful of your safety," she said.
"Accidents can occur at any given time and everyone needs to respect the rights everyone has to use the roads.
"We cannot be everywhere to monitor the movement of traffic which is why we are asking for everyone's assistance to be safe and ensure the safety of others while using Fiji's roads."
The road death toll stands at 27 compared with 23 for the same period last year.
Want More News Like This?
CAPA Membership gives you access to all news and analysis on the site, along with access to many areas of our comprehensive databases and toolsets.
Cambridge Analytica's chief executive officer Alexander Nix gives an interview Nov. 9, 2017. PATRICIA DE MELO MOREIRA/Getty Images
The U.K. government has filed for a warrant to search the databases and servers of the political data firm Cambridge Analytica. The UK Information Commissioner Elizabeth Denham is conducting an investigation into the allegations that the company used illegitimately gathered data of 50 million American Facebook users to help the Trump campaign, and demanded the London-based data firm turn over its databases and servers by Monday evening. When the company missed the deadline, Britain's data protection authority sought a warrant to seize the data.
The move came after Channel 4 in the U.K. ran a report using undercover video showing Cambridge Analytica CEO Alexander Nix describing the nefarious tactics his company could employ—including political entrapment, the use of honey traps, and bribery—to help a prospective client, who was actually a journalist posing as as a Sri Lankan intermediary.
“A full understanding of the facts, data flows and data uses is imperative for my ongoing investigation. This includes any new information, statements or evidence that have come to light in recent days,” Denham said in a statement Monday. “Our investigation into the use of personal data for political campaigns, includes the acquisition and use of Facebook data by SCL, Doctor Kogan and Cambridge Analytica. This is a complex and far reaching investigation for my office and any criminal or civil enforcement actions arising from it will be pursued vigorously.”
“The European parliament president, Antonio Tajani, said on Monday that the institution would investigate fully,” the Guardian reported Monday. “Tajani urged the social media company to take more responsibility, saying on Twitter that ‘allegations of misuse of Facebook user data is an unacceptable violation of our citizens' privacy rights.'”
If you think your job is more stressful than it should be, you're not alone.
Americans work hard, and it takes a physical and mental toll, not to mention that it frequently cuts into personal time, according to a comprehensive survey on working conditions the nonpartisan RAND Corporation published Monday. But having a good boss and good friends on the job can make work feel less taxing.
In 2015, RAND researchers, along with Harvard Medical School and the University of California, Los Angeles, began collecting data from over 3,000 people from all income and education levels who work or have worked in all types of jobs. What they discovered about how we work may help inform policymakers looking to grow the economy and employers looking to retain the best workers.
This kind of data, examining workplace conditions in the U.S., has not been collected for decades. "We have excellent data on wages, on training ... but we don't know much about the conditions of work," says Nicole Maestas, an economist and associate health care policy professor at Harvard Medical School who is the lead researcher on this study.
What the researchers found was that more than 1 in 4 Americans surveyed say they don't have enough time to do their jobs, with about half of Americans reporting that they do some work in their free time. This was most prevalent among white-collar workers. Two-thirds of all workers say they frequently work under tight deadlines or at high speed.
In addition, 1 in 5 reported experiencing verbal abuse, threats, humiliating behavior or unwanted sexual attention at work in the past month; or they experienced bullying, harassment or sexual harassment in the past year.
"One thing that really struck me was the high prevalence of hostile social interactions at work," says Maestas. Her survey found that while such interactions were seen across the board, verbal abuse was much more common in customer service jobs and experienced at the highest rates among men who did not graduate from college. Younger women and women of "prime age," defined in the survey as ages 35-49, experienced the most unwanted sexual attention.
But people who have "good" bosses — or bosses who respect them, praise them, work with them and give feedback — were less likely to have workers who reported verbal or physical threats, Maestra notes.
"Maybe bad bosses are part of the problem," she says, when it comes to a hostile work environment.
American workers feel, by and large, that they have a reasonable amount of autonomy on the job and are confident in their skills. Still, many workers, particularly those in service jobs and without a college degree, have little control over their work schedules. Some experience schedule changes the day of work or the day before.
New York and San Francisco have passed laws requiring employers to make schedules more predictable, and Oregon may become the first state to require at least a week's notice of duty hours for certain service jobs so employees can plan doctors' appointments and child care and get to their second jobs.
Despite multiple studies showing the benefits of telecommuting, it is still a rare option for many workers. The RAND survey found that 78 percent of employees are required to show up at their workplaces during regular business hours.
No matter where we work, friendships play an important role in how we perceive our jobs. Sixty-one percent of women agree with the statement "I have very good friends at work," while 53 percent of men agreed.
While the emotional support helps, many jobs are simply tough on the body. Seventy-five percent of people surveyed report intense or repetitive physical exertion on the job at least 25 percent of the time. While workers who don't have a college education report greater physical challenges on the job — think health care aides and construction workers — college-educated and older workers face significant physical challenges as well, particularly in the medical and sales fields where they are lifting heavy items and on their feet most of the day.
The physical exertion of their jobs may be why some older Americans retire early. It's also a prime consideration for many seniors who say they would consider going back to work for the "right" job, Maestas says.
"We've got more people retiring than ever, and there just aren't enough younger workers to both release retirees and grow the economy," she says, so employers should take notice of workplace conditions if they want to retain older, experienced workers.
Additionally, 55 percent of workers report they are exposed to physical risks like smoke, fumes, infectious materials, extreme temperatures and vibrations from hand tools about 25 percent of the time. "That was strikingly high," Maestas says.
Saba Waheed, the research director at UCLA's Labor Center who was not involved in the study, says she was also surprised by the extent of the health and safety challenges revealed in the survey.
"We have a lot of great laws, but we need better enforcement," she says.
While she largely praises the survey's comprehensiveness, Waheed says she would have like to see how workers fared along hourly versus non-hourly lines, as well as the experiences reported by part-time versus full-time workers. "I would really love to see race in here," she says, as well.
Maestas says that the survey did not break down workers by race because doing so would have resulted in numbers too small to be statistically significant.
The American Working Conditions Survey is based on a European workplace survey conducted every five years. Maestas and her team plan to compare the U.S. data with European data in 2018.
The survey was funded by the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation and the Social Security Administration.
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
Mexico needs help to resist assault on free trade from US
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws Pause
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
0:41 Cal Poly Rose Parade float heads to Pasadena under the cover of darkness
0:44 How an officer can tell whether a driver is stoned
1:11 How the Paso Robles Police Department is using body cameras
0:07 Timelapse video: Watch Cal Poly students decorate their 2017 Rose Parade float
1:40 A look back at SLO startup Shopatron, as Kibo announces local layoffs
0:28 Atascadero's Elijah Cooks turns Lompoc game into dunk contest
Shwetha Menon
Popular actress Shwetha Menon is one among the most popular contestants in the first season of Bigg Boss Malayalam. According to the sources, Shwetha Menon has a remuneration of 1 Lakh per day in Bigg Boss Malayalam.
Ranjini Haridas
Popular anchor Ranjini Haridas is also a part of the Bigg Boss show. In the report, it has been mentioned that the popular celebrity is said to be receiving Rs 80,000 per day for participating in Bigg Boss Malayalam.
Anoop Chandran
Anoop Chandran, who is much popular character artist in films, is yet another notable celebrity in Bigg Boss Malayalam. Reportedly, the sources have said that the actor is receiving Rs 71,000 per day for the show.
Pearle Maaney
Pearle Maaney, who is an anchor, VJ and actress, is next in the list. According to the report, Pearle Maaney draws a salary of Rs 50,000 per day in Bigg Boss Malayalam.
Archana Suseelan
Archana Suseelan is a well-known television artist, who has been part of some popular serials. The report adds that according to the sources, the cine actress, who is a part of Bigg Boss draws a salary of Rs 30,000 per day.
Hima Sankar
Hima Sankar, who is a theatre personality and a film actress is also one among the contestants in the show. According to the report, the actress receives Rs 20,000 per day.
Julio Cortez/AP
Bubba Thompson, an outfielder from McGill-Toolen Catholic High School in Mobile, Ala., puts his name on the board after being selected No. 26 by the Texas Rangers in the first round of the Major League Baseball draft, Monday, June 12, 2017, in Secaucus, N.J. (AP Photo/Julio Cortez)
Kiren Rijiju
New Delhi: Union Home Minister Kiren Rijiju on Monday stoked a controversy with his statement that the Hindu population is reducing in India as they “never convert people”.
“Hindu population is reducing in India because Hindus never convert people. Minorities in India are flourishing unlike some countries around,” Rijiju tweeted.
Hiss comments came in reaction to Congress party's statement blaming the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) for trying to convert Arunachal Pradesh into a Hindu state.
Last week, Congress' state unit in Arunachal Pradesh had accused Prime Minister Narendra Modi-led BJP of pushing Hinduism into the state.
“Prime Minister Narendra Modi's hidden agenda is to make Arunachal Pradesh a Hindu-majority state. We understand it completely,” state Congress general secretary Minkir Lollen had said on Friday.
He said the indigenous tribes of the state will be insisted upon by the BJP to adopt Hindutva (Hinduism).
“The rich tradition and culture of the indigenous tribes of Arunachal Pradesh are at stake under the rule of the Bharatiya Janata Party,” Lollen added.
Later on Monday, Rijiju said the Congress had made an irresponsible statement and he was just clarifying BJP's position.
“Why is Congress making such irresponsible statements? People of Arunachal Pradesh are unitedly living peacefully with each other. Congress should not make such provocative statements. India is a secular country. All religious groups enjoy freedom and living peacefully,” Rijiju tweeted.
A practising Buddhist, Rijiju hails from Arunachal Pradesh.
The BJP came to power in the state in December last year after 33 of the 43 Members of the Legislative Assembly (MLAs) of the regional People's Party of Arunachal Pradesh switched over.
Meanwhile, reacting to Rijiju's statement, the India Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen (AIMIM) chief Asaduddin Owaisi said “the home minister should remember that he is a minister of India for all Indians, not for Hindus only”.
“Remember your oath as minister. What have the minorities in India got to do with minorities of ‘other' countries. It is the Constitution which guarantees rights to its citizens,” Owaisi tweeted.
Even though firework possession and use is banned in Nevada County, there's still bound to be people firing them off. And so Sammie's Friend's co-founder, Cheryl Wicks, says they usually end up with a few spooked animals, mostly dogs, at the county's animal shelter…
click to listen to Cheryl Wicks
Wicks says the fireworks shows at the Fairgrounds and Lake Wildwood are also a source of stress for some pets. One important precaution is making sure your animal has proper identification, should it manage to run away…
click to listen to Cheryl Wicks
Otherwise, Wicks also urges people to keep their pets inside, if at all possible, and in a quiet area.
Celebrities are just like the rest of us! Even their cars will break down sometimes.
A trip to the Hamptons for Justin Bieber and Hailey Baldwin went awry on Monday (July 2) when Bieber's Mercedes-Benz SLS AMG broke down in the middle of an intersection.
So while waiting for police to arrive to the scene, Bieber got out of the car and directed traffic. Yes, there really is footage of the “Sorry" singer moving cars through the intersection.
#JustinBeiber & Hailey Baldwin casually directing traffic around their broke down Benz-- #TheHamptons pic.twitter.com/rGWAPMSZtO — Allison Ackerman (@BeachBlondeBOS) July 2, 2018
+ Justin and Hailey spotted in The Hamptons, New York (July 2) pic.twitter.com/ssH9yN6c5y — Bieber-news HQ (@BiebernewsHQ) July 3, 2018
Could you imagine driving by and seeing Bieber playing the role of a traffic cop right before your very eyes? It's insane, right?The police did show up to the scene to relieve Bieber of his traffic cop duties, according to reports , and a mechanic ultimately removed the $150,000 car from the scene.
Editor's note: This page will be updated regularly throughout the NCAA tournament.
Happy March Madness!
The field is set. It's time for the NCAA tournament to begin, and there are plenty of local ties. Five local teams made their way into the NCAA tournament: Texas Tech, TCU, Texas, Oklahoma and Texas A&M. Oklahoma's already gone, but can any of the rest make a deep run?
Keep up with this page throughout the tournament for analysis, reaction, TV information and more from our experts and bloggers. Let's dance.
[Last updated March 20]
Tournament schedule, TV listings, predictions and more
TV channel listings 📺
Our experts' picks
Scoreboard
Five D-FW area kids to keep an eye on
Every D-FW kid in the dance
Texas Tech Red Raiders
WASHINGTON (AP) — A veteran who lost his genitals from a blast in Afghanistan has received the world's most extensive penis transplant, and doctors said Monday he is recovering well and expected to leave the hospital this week.
Saying they wanted to address “an unspoken injury of war,” Johns Hopkins University surgeons rebuilt the man's entire pelvic region — transplanting a penis, scrotum and part of the abdominal wall from a deceased donor — in a highly experimental 14-hour operation last month.
Such transplants “can help those warriors with missing genitalia just as hand and arm transplant transformed the lives of amputees,” Dr. W.P. Andrew Lee, Hopkins' chairman of plastic and reconstructive surgery, told reporters Monday.
The patient, who asked to remain anonymous, is expected to recover urinary and, eventually, sexual function.
The scrotum transplant did not include the donor's testicles, meaning reproduction won't be possible. “We just felt there were too many unanswered ethical questions” with that extra step, said Hopkins' Dr. Damon Cooney.
Three other successful penis transplants have been reported, two in South Africa and one in 2016 at Massachusetts General Hospital. Those transplants involved only the penis, not extensive surrounding tissue that made this transplant much more complex.
The loss of a penis, whether from cancer, accident or war injury, is emotionally traumatic, affecting urination, sexual intimacy and the ability to conceive a child. Many patients suffer in silence because of the stigma their injuries sometimes carry.
Doctors sometimes reconstruct the form of a penis from a patient's own skin, usually to treat congenital abnormalities or during transgender surgery. That requires using implants to achieve erection.
For a functional penis transplant, surgeons must connect tiny nerves and blood vessels. Candidates face some serious risks, including rejection of the tissue and side effects from anti-rejection drugs that must be taken for life.
But penis transplants have generated intense interest among veterans from Iraq and Afghanistan, and a few years ago Hopkins surgeons began planning and rehearsing how to perform such a complex operation in patients with widespread tissue damage. The Department of Defense Trauma Registry has recorded 1,367 male service members who survived with genitourinary injuries between 2001 and 2013. It's not clear how many victims lost all or part of the penis.
Hopkins is screening additional veterans to see if they are good candidates for this type of reconstructive transplant. Finding donors is an additional hurdle: In the U.S., people or their families who agree to donate organs such as the heart or lung must be asked separately about also donating a penis, hand, face or other body part.
The Hopkins patient received an extra experimental step, an infusion of bone marrow from his donor that research suggests may help a recipient's immune system better tolerate a transplant. Surgeons said that is enabling the veteran to take one anti-rejection drug instead of several.
In a statement from Hopkins, the patient was quoted as saying: “When I first woke up, I felt finally more normal.”
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
If, like me, you have an ASOS addiction that could potentially render you bankrupt at any given moment there's probably a tiny detail you've noticed but not paid much attention to.
You see whilst adding £200 worth of clothes to my shopping basket in the hope that I will hate everything and return it because I don't actually have £200, I started to notice that the clothes have actual real, human names.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Like these Lucy ballet flats.
ASOS
And this Olivia bra
ASOS
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Not forgetting these Stephanie jeans.
ASOS
Admittedly in terms of my priorities, investigating why ASOS name their clothes after women wasn't particularly high (especially when I excel at procrastination), but luckily for me someone else has finally figured it out.
Move over Poirot because Twitter user Lucy Gedney has solved the case.
So apparently on ASOS, if an item of clothing has someone's name at the start of it, it means that person has been at the company for a certain amount of years so they are rewarded with having something named after them, who knew🤷🏻‍♀️ — lucy (@lucy_gedney) April 16, 2018
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Yes, our ASOS clothes are named after actual employees and now I feel terrible for cursing Stephanie every time I try and zip my jeans up. Sorry Stephanie, you're doing a great job.
And if you doubted Lucy's investigative skills (shame on you), Chloé O'Keefe who is a Menswear Established Branded Buyer at ASOS confirmed it.
Ten years!! Haven't named mine yet but you can pick anything and any name 😂 — Chloé O'Keefe (@ASOS_Chloe) April 16, 2018
So yes, one of the many perks of working at ASOS for 10 years is not only that discount, but also the fact you get to name any item of clothing you like, with whatever name you want.
Best get working on our CVs then.
Follow Laura on Instagram.
By Michael Eboh and Ediri Ejoh
The Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation, NNPC, Wednesday, disclosed that Nigeria does not know its actual fuel consumption and has recently put machinery in motion to determine the actual volume of the commodity purchased by Nigerians on a daily basis.
Speaking at the ongoing Nigerian Oil and Gas Conference and Exhibition in Abuja, Chief Operating Officer, Downstream of the NNPC, Mr. Henry Obih, stated that the mandate to determine actual consumption of Premium Motor Spirit, PMS, also known as fuel,
has been given by the National Executive Council to the NNPC, directing it to work with relevant agencies in this regard.
Actual fuel consumption had been a controversial issue over the last couple of months, as the consumption figure is what determines the amount the NNPC deducts from its revenue before making remittances to the Federation Account, with the return of fuel subsidy, now known as under-recovery.
The NNPC had put Nigeria's fuel consumption at 65 million, blaming the sharp rise from about 35 million barrels per day, on rising cases of smuggling of the commodity as evidenced in the proliferation of petrol stations along the country's borders.
However, governors of the 36 states had faulted the 65 million litres per day consumption figures, stating that it was a ploy by the NNPC to cut down on its remittances to the Federation.
….Details later
Schedule some time on the green with these fundraising golf tournaments. Darin Oswald Idaho Statesman file photo
That legislation includes a measure raising penalties for felons without firearms. Also included is a bill that seeks to help police departments offer bonuses to retain experienced officers. Another measure still would assist prosecutors in focusing more on serious crimes by reducing penalties for minor violations, such as littering.
The bills now go to the Senate, which resumes work Saturday, though its most pressing order of business will be approving the $6.3 billion budget passed by the House this week.
By Elahe Izadi | Washington Post
A grand jury voted to indict Harvey Weinstein on three charges, including rape, Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance announced Wednesday.
The once-powerful movie mogul, who was arrested last week, has been indicted on charges of a criminal sexual act in the first degree and rape in the first and third degrees.
Start your day with the news you need from the Bay Area and beyond.
Sign up for our new Morning Report weekday newsletter.
“This indictment brings the defendant another step closer to accountability for the crimes of violence with which he is now charged,” Vance said in a statement. “Our office will try this case not in the press, but in the courtroom where it belongs. The defendant's recent assault on the integrity of the survivors and the legal process is predictable.”
Vance added: “We are confident that when the jury hears the evidence, it will reject these attacks out of hand.”
The indictment came just hours after Weinstein lawyer Ben Brafman's office announced that its request to postpone Weinstein's appearance before the grand jury was denied. Brafman said in a statement that “an indictment was inevitable due to the unfair political pressure” on Vance.
“After being unfairly denied access to critical information about this case that was needed to defend him before the Grand Jury, Mr. Weinstein's attorneys decided that there was not sufficient time to properly prepare Mr. Weinstein,” said the statement released to media outlets.
Weinstein has denied that he had non-consensual sexual encounters.
The charges stem from incidents in 2004 and 2013, involving two women.
Vance said the investigation remains ongoing and urged “additional survivors and others with relevant information” to contact his office. The next schedule court date remains July 30.
Subscribe to read: Financial Times US loses jobs as hurricanes take economic toll
Try all of the FT's content with a Premium Digital Trial 4 weeks for $1.00* Select Start a Digital Trial for $1.00 per week. You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week* Select Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends per week Read more Access to FT's award-winning news on desktop, mobile and tablet
Personalised email briefings by industry, journalist or sector
Portfolio tools to help manage your investments
FastFT - market-moving news and views, 24 hours a day
Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week* Select Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends per week Read more All the benefits of Standard Digital, plus: Unlimited access to all content
Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds
FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis
ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper
Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary
Exclusive emails, including a weekly email from our Editor, Lionel Barber
Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week* Select Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends per week Read more All the benefits of Premium Digital, plus: Free delivery to your home or office, Monday to Saturday
FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle
Other Subscription options:
At The Kerala Box Office...
Bharat Ane Nenu has released in centres like Kochi multiplexes, Trivandrum Aries Plex and Kollam. According to a report by Forum Keralam, Bharat Ane Nenu has fetched approximately 5.51 Lakhs from its 3 days of run in various centres.
A Steady Increase
According to a Facebook post by Forum Keralam, there has been a steady increase in the collections of the movie from day 1. Reportedly, the film fetched 79k on its day 1 whereas the collections increased to 2.12 Lakhs and 2.59Lakhs respectively on its next two days.
Impact Of Telugu Movies At The Kerala Box Office
Telugu movies releasing in Kerala is not a common phenomenon. Usually, the dubbed version of Telugu movies make a huge impact at the Kerala box office. Some of the Telugu movies from the past have released as it is in Kerala and Bharat Ane Nenu have joined the list in style. With its decent run we definitely can expect more Telugu movies making a direct release in Kerala in the days to come.
Vishu Movies
It is being noted that all the major Vishu releases of the year are still in the theatres, especially at the Kochi multiplexes. Going by the collection report, it has to be said that Bharat Ane Nenu is performing strong in the theatres and holds a good prospect for a fine run ahead.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Anshu Jain joins Cantor Fitzgerald as president amid growth push
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Siemens has supplied four switchgear panels to Siemens Gamesa for the 28MW Nissum Bredning offshore wind farm demonstrator off Jutland in Denmark.
The 8VM1 gas-insulated SF6-free HV switchgear has capacity of 72.5kV and protects the wind turbines from overloads and short circuits.
Siemens said the 8VM1 has been specifically developed for use in offshore wind farms.
Nissum Bredning, which features four Siemens Gamesa 7MW turbines and 66kV cabling, has been supplying power since March.
Siemens Energy Management division high voltage products chief executive Karlheinz Kronen said: “We've constructed the 8VM1 specifically for this type of deployment and focused on an environmentally compatible design during development.
“Customers will therefore benefit from the advantages of our proven vacuum switching technology with no SF6.”
Image: Siemens
A CALL from a traveller to a local businesswoman has sparked a heart-warming story and left a striking imprint on the Bowen township.
Brisbane's James Ellis, 21, has been on a Queensland odyssey, painting murals across the state, including artworks on the Gold Coast, Bundaberg and Gladstone while living out of his car.
James believes he has painted more than 100 murals since the start of the year.
He said he decided on Friday that he wanted to head for Cairns to get a break from a busy schedule in Bundaberg.
His north-bound drive brought him to Bowen where he stopped at the Big Mango for a selfie and dropped into the visitor information centre.
"I'm reading through the book while I'm waiting to talk to the ladies there and it says, 'Bowen, the town of murals',” James said.
"It's a town of murals that boasts 28; I want to make it 100.
"I drove into town to see what I could do and I saw the wall and I was about to drive past it but I decided no I will turn around.”
What followed was a call from James to shopkeeper and B-Star co-ordinator Tracey Bazzo which involved the Brisbanite telling the turtle enthusiast he wanted to brighten up her wall.
Within hours of walking into the shop James was at work and he painted well into the night.
Mrs Bazzo was moved to tears when she first saw the mural.
"I connected with him straight away, it was so random,” she said.
"This young man who I don't know from a bar of soap has created the most amazing journal of my life and my turtles,” she said.
Mrs Bazzo said since the mural was completed it has been well received by the community with a number of residents stopping to have a look.
She said she hoped other buildings around town would embrace Mr Ellis' talent and ask him to paint a mural for them.
The artist plans to remain in Bowen until at least the weekend and is keen to share more of his work with the community as well as being keen to work with disadvantaged youth.
If you would like to talk to James about featuring his artwork on your building, contact Ms Bazzo at Bowen Pools and Pumps on 4786 2368.
Republicans represent 23 congressional districts that Democrat Hillary Clinton won in 2016. Thirteen of those Republicans are banding together to push their own plan to force action on immigration.
It's probably going nowhere, meaning the plan's purpose is to help protect these vulnerable GOP lawmakers politically as Republicans and Democrats remain stuck over how to tackle immigration issues.
Darrell West, vice president of governance studies at the Brookings Institution, a nonpartisan think tank, said Republicans are simply giving themselves political cover.
“They can say they made an effort, then blame Congress as a whole for not taking action,” West said.
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for unlimited digital access to our website, apps, the digital newspaper and more. SUBSCRIBE NOW
The vulnerable Republicans' plan, introduced by Rep. Jeff Denham, R-Calif., with 38 other Republicans Monday, would have the House consider a series of immigration bills.
Two of the bills – the DREAM Act and the USA Act – have been backed by both Democrats and Republicans.
The USA Act provides a path to legal citizenship for Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals recipients while also providing more for immigration enforcement policies. The DREAM Act provides a path to legal citizenship without increased immigration enforcement.
DACA is an Obama-era program that allows people who entered the country illegally as minors to remain, work and study in the country legally. President Donald Trump announced plans to phase out the program in September.
SHARE COPY LINK More Videos 122 CBD stores open in Idaho. They say using hemp, not marijuana, makes them legal Pause 147 'I resent the fact of your insults,' Interior's Zinke tells senator 190 The Mueller investigation into possible Russia - Trump campaign connection so far 255 Sen. Mike Crapo speaks before vote to dial back Dodd-Frank 123 Trump calls Tillerson 'good man' after firing him; says he shares 'very similar thought process' with Pompeo 133 Trump talks new slogan for 2020, border wall at Pennsylvania rally 90 Stormy Daniels: Timeline of a Trump Scandal 137 President Trump will meet with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un by May 57 Her son was sent to a Texas prison. That turned this Boise mom into an activist. 230 Most Americans Want More Gun Control. Why Doesn't It Happen? Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
President Trump outlined his immigration plan during his first State of the Union. Congress is set to take up immigration and DACA legislation before the next government shutdown deadline on Feb. 8. The White House
He gave Congress a March 5 deadline to pass legislation aimed at resolving the issue, but court rulings have continued the young immigrants' protected status for now.
The Securing America's Future Act has no Democratic cosponsors and includes border wall funding, significant cuts to paths to legal immigration and no pathway to permanent citizenship for DACA recipients.
Under House rules, whichever bill wins a majority and receives the highest number of votes in the package would be considered passed and move on to the Senate.
“We have several viable solutions stuck in committee, unable to advance for debate and amendment,” Denham said. “The gridlock simply cannot continue.”
Sponsors in Clinton-won districts include Denham, Reps. David Valadao, R-Calif., Will Hurd, R-Texas, Carlos Curbelo, R-Fla., Dana Rohrabacher, R-Calif., and Stephen Knight, R-Calif. Reps. Darrell Issa, R-Calif., and Ileana Ros-Lehtinen, R-Fla., also signed on but are retiring in 2018.
Many also have large Latino populations. Denham's district is 40 percent Latino, Valadao's is 71 percent and Curbelo's is 74 percent.
The White House and Democrats have been trying, unsuccessfully, to find common ground. The effort by the vulnerable Republicans to use little-known actions to force their own leadership to consider immigration legislation is yet another indicator of the ongoing deadlock.
“Quite frankly, we now are in a situation where leadership is going to have to show leadership and do that which has not been happening on immigration,” Issa said. “And my guess is leadership likes what's not happening. I hope I'm wrong.”
House Speaker Paul Ryan's office did not return a request for comment.
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, R-Calif., said there “might be an opportunity” with that proposal, but still didn't see reasons for Democrats to cooperate.
SHARE COPY LINK More Videos 122 CBD stores open in Idaho. They say using hemp, not marijuana, makes them legal Pause 147 'I resent the fact of your insults,' Interior's Zinke tells senator 190 The Mueller investigation into possible Russia - Trump campaign connection so far 255 Sen. Mike Crapo speaks before vote to dial back Dodd-Frank 123 Trump calls Tillerson 'good man' after firing him; says he shares 'very similar thought process' with Pompeo 133 Trump talks new slogan for 2020, border wall at Pennsylvania rally 90 Stormy Daniels: Timeline of a Trump Scandal 137 President Trump will meet with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un by May 57 Her son was sent to a Texas prison. That turned this Boise mom into an activist. 230 Most Americans Want More Gun Control. Why Doesn't It Happen? Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi set the record for the longest House floor speech Wednesday. She spoke for more than six hours to oppose the budget deal because the plan doesn't include a permanent solution for undocumented immigrants affected by the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program. AP
“There's not a whole lot of reasons to negotiate, to do anything that is not already covered by the court decision,” Pelosi said, referencing a ruling by the federal Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals that allow new DACA applications to be accepted indefinitely.
“I mean, should we give a border wall for nothing? No, I don't think so,” she added.
Rep. John Yarmuth, D-Ky., the top Democrat on the House Budget Committee, said Republicans did not have the votes needed without Democrats, and Democrats were unlikely to make a push right now.
He cited past failures, including the government shutdown stemming from a Democratic push for DACA action in January and an unwillingness to act when the courts had given “some breathing room, probably nine to 12 months.”
McClatchy Washington Bureau reporter Lesley Clark contributed to this report.
Experimental feature Listen to this article Play audio for this article Pause 00:00 00:00 Experimental feature Report a mispronounced word What was mispronounced? Optional: help us by adding the time Submit Thank you for your help! or Give us your feedback Thank you for your feedback. What do you think? I‘ll use it in the future
I don‘t think I‘ll use it Please tell us why (optional) Send Feedback
Russia has agreed to the resumption of direct flights to Egypt more than two years after they were suspended in response to the downing of a Russian airliner over Sinai that killed all 224 people on board.
President Vladimir Putin said in Cairo after talks with Egyptian president Abdel Fattah al-Sisi that they had agreed “in general” that flights could resume.
The two countries also signed an agreement for Russian state-owned Rosatom to build a $21bn nuclear power plant in the north African country.
The nuclear deal is another sign of the strengthening relationship between Russia and Egypt since Mr Sisi came to power in 2014. A former general who overthrew his elected Islamist predecessor in 2013, Mr Sisi sought closer relations with Moscow in reaction to strained ties with the administration of former US president Barack Obama. The Egyptian leader has developed a better relationship with Donald Trump, Mr Obama's successor.
Under Mr Putin, Russia has deepened its influence in the Middle East most notably through the intervention on the side of the Syrian government against opponents of President Bashar al-Assad.
En route to Cairo, Mr Putin stopped at the Russian air base at Hemeimeem in Syria where he declared victory against “terrorists” in Syria and hailed his troops' “excellent performance”.
The resumption of flights to and from Russia will be welcome news for Egypt's ailing tourism industry, which was severely damaged by the bombing of the Metrojet airliner. The plane exploded not long after taking off from a Sinai resort in an attack blamed on Isis militants.
Maxim Sokolov, Russian transport minister, said flights between Moscow and Cairo could restart by early February on both EgyptAir and Aeroflot, the Russian carrier.
The agreement to push ahead with the El Dabaa nuclear plant was a “record-breaking deal in the history of the nuclear industry”, said Alexei Likhachev, Rosatom director-general.
With four reactor units and capacity of five gigawatts, the $21bn facility is planned to be completed by 2029.
Rosatom, which is building nuclear plants in countries including Finland, Turkey, Iran and China, said dozens of Egyptian companies could be involved in the construction, picking up more than 20 per cent of the work.
“We offered our partners in Egypt a unique comprehensive agreement that spans the power plant's entire life cycle,” Mr Likhachev said.
“The development of Egypt's nuclear power industry is also important to Russia's economy as dozens of Rosatom enterprises will be awarded significant contracts and will have an opportunity to showcase to the global community the advantage of Russian nuclear technologies,” added Mr Likhachev, who flew to Cairo with Mr Putin to sign the deal.
Rosatom said the reactors being built in Egypt will be the Generation 3+ design that have been developed to meet all safety requirements introduced after the Fukushima disaster in Japan. Such reactors built by Rosatom are already in operation in Russia.
Moscow and Cairo in 2015 agreed to the nuclear plant initiative, including a loan from Russia.
Mr Likhachev said the Russian loan was expected to provide 85 per cent of the funding, while Egypt will provide the remainder. The company, which is talks to build more nuclear power plants in the world than any of its western rivals, has agreed to service the plant's reactors for 60 years.
Page 1 of 2
The holiday season is undoubtedly full of sweets, treats and other indulgent eats, and while they should be enjoyed fully, your body may be starting to feel the negative effects. Cleanse your system by hitting one of these four local Tucson joints and get reenergized for the New Year.
By Kaylee Sullivan
Sitting in the Essex High School library last Friday, students of the school's new global leadership program attentively listened and questioned former Gov. Peter Shumlin about the global economy.
GLP, an optional academic track, hosted Shumlin to kick off its speaker series. French and Spanish teacher Jill Prado said she created the program based off students' growing interest in the discipline.
“We believe we've hit a nerve with this new program,” Prado said. “Our students have become more and more interested in other parts of the world over the last few years. They've traveled, they've studied languages, they're fluent in other languages, they take courses with a global focus and they host exchange students.”
Students accomplish all of this in a tailored curriculum. Students will also engage in globally focused internships, such as with the Vermont Refugee Resettlement Program and Vermont International Film Festival.
These experiences help prepare students for an ever-growing global economy post-graduation. Through these exchanges, “we not only build great careers, but also we build world peace and understanding,” Shumlin said. “And that's more needed today than I think ever before.”
Prado said she reached out to Shumlin because of his role as a global leader in sustainability and fighting climate change. In 2015, President Barack Obama invited the then-governor to attend the Paris Climate Summit, which soon led to 195 countries backing the Paris Climate Accord — which President Donald Trump pulled the U.S. out of this past June.
Shumlin used his invitation to show Vermont, a small state, can be a global leader.
While in office, Shumlin pushed for clean and solar energy, initiatives that received a great deal of pushback. He told students to make change, having a team beside them is essential.
“Find smart, dedicated people who agree with your values and will fight for them,” Shumlin said. “And don't mind getting people a little bit angry in the process. Let me tell you something about leadership: Change is hard. People resist change.”
To increase the students' success, the program teaches leadership development, communication, cross-cultural competency and foreign language.
Shumlin spoke of the trio of hurricanes that ravaged the U.S and its neighboring nations as evidence that climate change needs addressing.
A number of students questioned the former governor on the current state of health care, what's important to know about today's political world, pros and cons of increasing minimum wage, who influenced him growing up and if he was a politically engaged student
To the latter, Shumlin discussed his experience as a dyslexic student who often received poor grades. He said he would have been lucky to have a program such as GLP, which didn't exist in his day.
Shumlin encouraged students to run for public office, suggesting anything from school government, town selectboard or school board, state legislature or U.S. Congress.
This got some students thinking.
Senior Michaela Campo participates in student government and National Honor Society, heading both groups' community service committees. Yet during Shumlin's talk, she realized she wasn't actively making change, and that bothered her.
“I have a leadership position, and especially after the inspiration from today, I want to do something with it,” she said last Friday. “I was given the power to make the change in this school, so I'm excited to.”
Classmate Regan Day felt similarly, saying she's looking forward to learning how she can help people globally, beyond EHS. As an example, Prado touted a physics course focused on global construction.
While Shumlin encouraged students to look at the big picture, he also kept a focus locally. He gave a plug for Vermont's unique Town Meeting Day, a format he said guarantees one's voice is heard. And if not, Shumlin told students to organize and take to the streets to protest.
Nationally, he said he's baffled by the “deafening silence” that's followed a continuous attack on freedom of speech, people of color, women, climate change and more.
“Despite its flaws, we have the best government ever invented by humankind, which is America's democracy,” Shumlin said. “And it's up to you to join it, to fight it, help it, contribute to it and bring about change.”
Texas Rangers third baseman Joey Gallo (13) is pictured in the dugout after hitting a home run during the Seattle Mariners vs. the Texas Rangers major league baseball game at Globe Life Park in Arlington, Texas on Wednesday, August 2, 2017. (Louis DeLuca/The Dallas Morning News)
Gerry Fraley, Rangers beat writer for SportsDayDFW.com and The Dallas Morning News, answered questions about the team recently. Here are some of the highlights.
Question: Who will be the Rangers' MVP this season?
Fraley: Joey Gallo. He made great strides last season and will continue on that pace. Putting Gallo at one defensive position and leaving him there will help, too. Gallo did well to keep hitting while moving among three positions last season.
Question: Should Delino DeShields get the chance to play everyday? Do you think that's the plan?
Fraley: Yes on both counts. DeShields has improved his defensive work in center. He has room for more improvement, but he played the position better than Carlos Gomez last year. DeShields also brings a needed element of speed to the lineup. he can create runs with his legs. That's vital on a club that tends to wait on the three-run homer.
Question: Which member of the pitching staff needs to have the strongest year?
Fraley: Cole Hamels. He is a true No. 1, leader of the rotation pitcher. Because of the early season strained left oblique, Hamels could not live up to that expectation last season. If Hamels bounces back, he will give the Rangers about 200 innings and a chance to win every start. Nothing says he will not do that. The oblique is a soft tissue issue that did not require surgery.
Question: What are the Rangers' plans with Jonathon Niese?
Fraley: See what he has. Niese did not pitch last season because of a knee problem. He needs to get innings to make up for lost time. That likely means opening the season at Triple-A Round Rock. Niese has been a starter but could go into the bullpen as a middle-innings left-hander .He did have trouble against left-handed hitters in 2016. They hit .304 with a .504 slugging percentage against him.
Click here to view the full chat.
San Francisco-based health care technology company expects to create over 150 new local jobs
LEWISTON, ME and SAN FRANCISCO, CA--(Marketwired - April 17, 2017) - Grand Rounds, the leader in identifying high-quality health care providers and matching patients with these physicians, today announced the official opening of its first East Coast operations in the historic Bates Mill Complex in Lewiston, Maine.
Grand Rounds provides an employer-based solution that gives employees and their families the technology, information and support they need to make life's most critical choices: whether and where to receive medical treatment. Grand Rounds does this through its proprietary matching engine that connects patients with world-class physicians who are most uniquely qualified to help. Grand Rounds, through its quality algorithm, has rated more than 96 percent of all active U.S. physicians.
An East Coast location was chosen to align with past and future growth -- a majority of Grand Rounds' patients and expert physicians are located in the Central or Eastern Time Zones. Lewiston was specifically chosen, through a competitive process, for its proven record of supporting new businesses and the overall community. More than 150 jobs are expected to be created within five years, primarily within the company's patient care team, which consists of clinicians, care coordinators, and records specialists who provide comprehensive support to patients.
"Grand Rounds reshapes health care delivery by matching patients with high-quality physicians from the beginning," said Owen Tripp, co-founder and CEO of Grand Rounds. "We're excited about our ongoing expansion in employer customers, in patients served, and in our geographic footprint with the opening of our first East Coast office. We've been thrilled with the warm reception from the local community and the newest members to join our team in Maine."
Grand Rounds also announced a partnership with its first Maine-based employer, Dead River Company, the largest heating services provider in northern New England. Through this partnership, Dead River provides 1,110 employees and covered dependents with access to the most qualified local physicians for in-person office visits, as well as access to virtual consultations with leading physician experts across the nation.
"As an employer, we want to provide benefits that will advance the health and wellbeing of our employees," said Guy Langevin, Vice President of Human Resources and Organizational Development at Dead River Company. "As a human resource professional, I'm convinced that Grand Rounds is a game-changer. Their advocacy on behalf of patients can lead to higher quality care and better outcomes for patients. That also leads to cost reductions, which is good for the entire health care system."
"Dead River Company has an innovative and inspiring approach to employee benefits," added Tripp. "We are thrilled to partner with them to bring the best in American health care to their employees."
The new Grand Rounds office at the Bates Mill Complex is over 22,000 square feet with soaring ceilings, top technology infrastructure, and the ability for expansion. Grand Rounds is continuing to hire, and interested applicants can visit www.grandrounds.com for more information.
About Grand Rounds
Grand Rounds' vision is to create a path to great health and health care, for everyone, everywhere. Founded in 2011, the company provides an employer-based platform that delivers improved outcomes for patients and their families. It does this through an end-to-end solution that connects patients with care informed by the latest and best practices -- preventing and correcting misdiagnoses and unnecessary or failed treatments. Named second among Glassdoor's 2016 Best Places to Work, Grand Rounds helps restore individual health and quality of life, and offers employers lower health care spend and higher employee productivity. For more information, please visit www.grandrounds.com or follow us on Twitter @GrandRoundsInc.
About Dead River Company:
Founded in 1909 by Charles Hutchins, Dead River Company originated in the forest products industry, along the banks of the Dead River, from which the company took its name. Today, Dead River Company is the largest heating services provider in northern New England, serving the energy needs of homes and businesses. Known for their highly skilled and quality technical services, Dead River Company designs, installs and services heating equipment fueled by propane, heating oil, and kerosene. Energy professionals provide 24-hour emergency response service, as well as advice on how to achieve fuel conservation and efficiency goals. For more information, visit www.deadriver.com.
Sign up for Meridian's Free Newsletter, please CLICK HERE
The following comes from the Church News. Click here to see the post on LDS.org.
Latter-day Saints in Chile have stepped up to help in various ways during what's being called the worst wildfire season in the nation's history.
In recent weeks more than 90 blazes have scorched nearly a half-million acres, razed hundreds of homes, turned village schools to ashes and destroyed cattle herds and vineyards, according to The Guardian.
Four firefighters were killed fighting the flames, which erupted in regions across central and southern Chile. Wildfires are normal during Chile's hot, dry summers—but this season has reportedly been “exceptionally fierce and destructive.” Summer in the southern hemisphere is from December through February.
The massive fires have prompted a large international response. Several nations from South America, North America, and Europe have assisted in the repression efforts.
Meanwhile, members are donating time and muscle on several fronts. On January 27, a representative of the Church participated in a gathering of religious leaders convened by Chile President Michelle Bachelet.
The president reported on the progress of the fire relief efforts and appealed for spiritual and temporal support for the many victims of the disaster.
To see the full article in the Church News, click here.
Age-dependent human islet cell proliferation profile after transplantation. To investigate the age-dependent proliferative potential of human islet cells in vivo, we transplanted juvenile (aged 0.5–9 years) or adult (20 years of age and older) human islets under the renal capsule of NOD.Cg-PrkdcscidIl2rgtm1Wjl/Sz (NSG) mice, an immunocompromised strain favorable for xenograft studies (ref. 29 and Figure 1A). Ki67 immunostaining of juvenile islet grafts 4 weeks after transplantation revealed a greater number of proliferating cells in juvenile insulin-positive β cells, glucagon-positive α cells, and somatostatin-positive δ cells than engrafted adult islets (Figure 1, B, C, F, G, J, and K). Compared with engrafted adult islets, juvenile islets had 8-fold more Ki67+ β cells (Figure 1, B–E, and Figure 1E, inset). We assessed phospho–histone H3 (pHH3), an independent marker of proliferation, and found that the number of pHH3+ β cells was greater in juvenile islets, confirming progression into G 2 or M phases (Supplemental Figure 1; supplemental material available online with this article; https://doi.org/10.1172/JCI91761DS1). Thus, the greater proliferation of juvenile human β cells continued after transplantation, indicating that age-dependent β cell proliferation is maintained and independent of the native pancreatic environment.
Figure 1 Endocrine cell proliferation is greater in transplanted human juvenile islets than in adult islets. (A) Schematic of experimental design. Grafts were removed for analysis 6 weeks after transplantation. (B, C, F, G, J, and K) Images of juvenile (left panels) and adult (right panels) grafts labeled with insulin (INS, B and C), glucagon (GLU, F and G), or somatostatin (SOM, J and K) in green; Ki67 in red; DAPI in blue. Insets show proliferating Ki67+ cells. Scale bar: 50 μm (bar in K applies to all other images in this figure). (D, E, H, I, L, and M) Quantification of percentage Ki67+ β (D and E), α (H and I), and δ (L and M) cells of transplanted grafts from individual juvenile (Juv) and adult donors (n = 2–5 grafts per donor; age shown on x axis). The average number of β, α, and δ cells counted in each donor sample was approximately 6,000, 3,000, and 2,000, respectively. Insets are average percentage proliferating cells in each age group (β cells: data from D and E; α cells: data from H and I; δ cells: data from L and M). Error bars represent SEM. **P < 0.01; ***P < 0.001. An unpaired 2-tailed Student's t test was used for statistical analysis. See also Supplemental Figure 1.
We also noted a higher percentage of Ki67+ α cells (Figure 1, F–I, and Figure 1I, inset) and Ki67+ δ cells (Figure 1, J–M, and Figure 1M, inset) in transplanted juvenile islets. To our knowledge, age-dependent proliferation of these islet cell subsets in humans has not been previously reported. In β and α cells, greater Ki67 labeling was noted in donors up to 3 years of age (Figure 1, D and H), while in δ cells, we observed a lower proliferation rate by that age (Figure 1L). Within the limits of our donor sampling size, these data suggest that the tempo of declining proliferation with age is faster in δ cells than in β or α cells.
Ex-4 signaling promotes proliferation in juvenile β cells. GLP-1 and GLP-1R agonists, like Ex-4, stimulate insulin secretion (the incretin effect, reviewed in refs. 15, 17, 30) and are used in the treatment of type 2 diabetes. However, prior studies (15, 17–19, 21, 22) are in conflict about the ability of GLP-1R agonists to stimulate human islet cell proliferation, possibly due to different in vitro treatments and assays used. Maintenance of age-dependent islet cell proliferation in our transplant system permitted in vivo studies of candidate mitogens such as GLP-1/Ex-4 in a physiological context. We hypothesized that human islet β cells have an age-dependent capacity to respond to Ex-4, and used our transplant system to investigate this possibility.
First, we examined whether expression of GLP-1R in human β cells was different with age. GLP1R mRNA levels were similar in juvenile and adult human islets (Figure 2A), suggesting that human β cell GLP-1R expression is not age-dependent. Moreover, in FACS-isolated islet cell subsets, GLP1R mRNA was principally expressed in β cells and was very low, or not detectable, in α cells (Supplemental Figure 2, A–C), consistent with prior findings (10, 31–35).
Figure 2 Ex-4 promotes β cell proliferation only in juvenile islets. (A) Both juvenile and adult islets express a similar level of GLP1R mRNA measured by qPCR (juvenile: n = 6, 0.5–9 years old; adult: n = 6, 20–60 years old). (B) Experimental design. After a 2-week islet engraftment period, PBS or Ex-4 was delivered by osmotic pump. The grafts were removed and analyses were performed after 4 weeks of treatment. (C–E) Mouse random glucose (C) and human insulin (D and E) in mice with transplanted juvenile (D, n = 3 donors) or adult (E, n = 3 donors) human islets 48 hours after the implantation of pumps with PBS or Ex-4 (n = 13–14 samples). (F) Representative images of juvenile grafts labeled with insulin (green), Ki67 (red), and DAPI (blue). Insets show proliferating Ki67+ cells. Scale bar: 35 μm. (G and H) Percentage of β cell proliferation in grafts from individual juvenile and adult donors (n = 4–8 grafts per donor). Insets are average percentage in each age group. (I) Statistical analysis of data sets in G and H. Error bars represent SEM. *P < 0.05; **P < 0.01; ***P < 0.001. Unpaired 2-tailed Student's t test or 1-way ANOVA followed by Newman-Keuls multiple-comparisons test (I) was used for statistical analysis. See also Supplemental Figures 2 and 3.
To investigate human islet responses to Ex-4, we infused Ex-4 in mice transplanted with human islets from juvenile or adult donors (Figure 2B); this infusion established pharmacologically relevant serum Ex-4 levels (Supplemental Figure 2D and ref. 36). As expected, blood glucose levels were reduced by Ex-4 within 24 hours and remained lower during the subsequent treatment period (Figure 2C and Supplemental Figure 2E). Circulating human insulin levels in NSG mice bearing human islets (Figure 2, D and E) were greater in mice infused with Ex-4. Moreover, this incretin effect was observed in mice with juvenile or adult islets. Thus, Ex-4 stimulation of insulin secretion in vivo by human islets is age-independent, suggesting that downstream signaling that regulates GLP-1–stimulated insulin secretion is similar in human juvenile and adult islets.
To investigate proliferative responses to Ex-4, we assessed β cell proliferation in transplanted juvenile and adult islets. Ex-4 stimulated β cell replication, marked by Ki67, in juvenile donor samples up to age 9 (Figure 2, F, G, and I), but not in islets from older donors (20 years and above; Figure 2, H and I). Unlike what was observed in β cells, we did not detect changes of α cell or δ cell proliferation in response to Ex-4 in juvenile or adult islets (Supplemental Figure 3, A–C). The lack of Ex-4 mitogenic effect on α cells is likely explained by our finding that human α cells did not express GLP1R mRNA (Supplemental Figure 2, A–C). Thus, these studies revealed age-dependent mitogenic effects of Ex-4 on β cells, while the insulin secretion effect was age-independent. This suggests that divergent downstream pathways regulate these two distinct effects of GLP-1R signaling in human β cells.
Ex-4 stimulates calcineurin/NFAT signaling in juvenile human islets. To understand the mechanisms underlying Ex-4 mitogenic effects in juvenile human islet grafts, we compared the transcriptomes of Ex-4–treated and control PBS-treated juvenile human islet grafts and found that 1,440 genes were differentially expressed (Figure 3A). Gene sets associated with signaling pathways governing cell proliferation and vesicle secretion were among those mostly upregulated in Ex-4–infused islet grafts. Gene sets comprising the NFAT pathway were at the top of this list (Figure 3B).
Figure 3 Gene expression in human islets and juvenile grafts after treatment with Ex-4 and/or FK506. (A and B) RNA-Seq analysis of PBS- or Ex-4–treated juvenile grafts (n = 3 grafts per treatment, 6-year-old donor). (A) Number of genes regulated by Ex-4 (≥1.5-fold) in juvenile grafts (Ex-4 vs. PBS); 1,115 genes are upregulated and 325 are downregulated by Ex-4 treatment. (B) Signaling pathways upregulated by Ex-4. (C) Genes of the NFATC family are expressed more highly in juvenile islets (n = 5 donors, age: 0.5, 1.2, 1.7, 3, and 4 years) than adult (n = 5 donors, age: 29, 43, 50, 53, and 60 years). The average expression level in juvenile islets is defined as 1.00 for each gene. (D) Schematic of transplantation and treatment with Ex-4 plus FK506. Two weeks after transplantation, a pump with PBS or Ex-4 was implanted, and a second pump with saline or FK506 was implanted in the last 2 weeks. Grafts were removed at 4 weeks. (E–G) Juvenile graft gene expression measured by qPCR. Ex-4 upregulates genes of the NFAT family (E), cell cycle regulators (F), and transcription factors (G), and the effects were diminished by FK506 (n = 5 graft samples per treatment from 0.2- and 6-year-old donors). The average expression level in PBS+saline–treated islets is defined as 1.00 for each gene. Error bars represent SEM. *P < 0.05, **P < 0.01, ***P < 0.001 vs. PBS+saline; †P < 0.05, ††P < 0.01, †††P < 0.001 vs. Ex-4+saline; no significant differences between PBS+FK506 and Ex-4+FK506. Unpaired 2-tailed Student's t test or 1-way ANOVA followed by Newman-Keuls multiple-comparisons test (E–G) was used for analysis of statistical significance. See also Supplemental Figures 4 and 5.
A prior study reported that signaling through the calcineurin/NFAT pathway is critical for juvenile β cell proliferation (26). For example, this pathway stimulates expression of multiple β cell transcription factors and cell cycle activators, including NFATC1, FOXM1, cyclin-dependent kinases (CDKs), and the A-type cyclins (26, 27, 37, 38). To unravel signaling links between Ex-4/GLP-1R and calcineurin/NFAT pathways in human islets, we first measured human islet mRNAs encoding all NFAT members and found that NFATC2 and NFATC3 were most abundant (Supplemental Figure 4, A and B). In human islets, levels of mRNAs encoding NFATC1, NFATC2, and NFATC4, but not NFATC3, declined with advancing age (Figure 3C), similar to a prior observation that levels of NFATC transcription factors are lower in older mouse islets (26). We also found that important cell cycle regulators (CCNA1, CCNA2, CDK1, and CDK4) and key transcription factors such as FOXM1 are expressed more highly in juvenile human islets (Supplemental Figure 4, C–F). By contrast, mRNA levels of CDKN2A and CDKN2B, which respectively encode the β cell cycle inhibitors p16INK4a and p15INK4b, were greater in adult human islets (Supplemental Figure 4C and refs. 4, 10, 11, 13).
After Ex-4 treatment, we observed an increase in mRNAs encoding NFATC1, FOXM1, CCNA1, and CDK1 in juvenile human islet grafts (Figure 3, E–G) but not in adult islet grafts (Supplemental Figure 5A), suggesting that calcineurin/NFAT signaling was stimulated by Ex-4 only in juvenile human islets. We also found increased mRNAs encoding other possible targets of calcineurin/NFAT signaling (Figure 3, E–G) thought to promote cell proliferation, including NFATC3, NFATC4, CDK1 (39–41), and EGR3 (42). However, mRNA levels of NFATC2, CDKN2A, CDKN2B, or EZH2, a regulator of CDKN2A expression and proliferation in β cells (3, 4), were not detectably altered in juvenile islets after Ex-4 infusion. Together these data suggest that Ex-4 stimulates calcineurin/NFAT signaling and thus enhances expression of key transcriptional and cell cycle regulators that promote human juvenile β cell proliferation. These studies also reveal that the expression of other calcineurin/NFAT factors (e.g., NFATC2) and intrinsic inhibitors of β cell proliferation (e.g., CDKN2A) was not changed by Ex-4 exposure.
Ex-4 mitogenic effect on human β cells prevented by the calcineurin inhibitor FK506. To test whether the mitogenic effects of Ex-4 on juvenile human islets are mediated by calcineurin/NFAT signaling activation, we infused Ex-4 in mice engrafted with juvenile human islets and simultaneously infused FK506, a potent specific calcineurin inhibitor (Figure 3D). In mice coinfused with Ex-4 and saline, we observed increased nuclear localization of β cell NFATC4, and increased proliferation of transplanted human islet β cells quantified by Ki67 labeling (Figure 4, A–C). In contrast, simultaneous infusion of FK506 with Ex-4 prevented increases of β cell NFATC4 nuclear localization and proliferation (Figure 4, A–C). In control mice receiving PBS plus saline or PBS plus FK506, we did not detect differences in human islet β cell NFATC4 nuclear localization or proliferation (Figure 4, A–C), indicating that basal proliferation in transplanted juvenile human β cells was insensitive to FK506. Furthermore, little apoptosis was observed in human islet grafts after either treatment (Figure 4D and Table 1). Collectively, these data suggest that calcineurin/NFAT signaling is required for Ex-4–stimulated human juvenile islet β cell proliferation. Supporting this view, we observed that increased expression of calcineurin/NFAT signaling targets induced by Ex-4 was reduced to basal levels in human islet grafts recovered from mice simultaneously infused with Ex-4 and FK506, including NFATC1, NFATC3, NFATC4, FOXM1, CCNA1, and CDK1 (Figure 3, E–G). Together, these data demonstrate that calcineurin signaling in human juvenile islets is required for β cell proliferation.
Figure 4 Calcineurin/NFAT signaling mediates the mitogenic effect of Ex-4 in juvenile β cells. (A) Ex-4 stimulated NFAT translocation. Insulin (green), NFATC4 (NFAT3) (red), DAPI (blue). Scale bar: 15 μm (applies to the other images in A). Arrows point to NFATC4+ β cells, and insets show NFATC4+ β cells. (B) Representative images of β cell proliferation in juvenile grafts. Insulin (green), Ki67 (red), DAPI (blue). Arrows point to proliferating Ki67+ cells (also showed in insets). Scale bar: 35 μm. (C) FK506 blocked the β cell proliferation stimulated by Ex-4 in juvenile grafts (n = 4 donors, 0.2, 1.8, 6, and 9 years old). See also Supplemental Figure 6. (D) Representative images of TUNEL assay including positive control. Insulin (green), TUNEL (red), DAPI (blue). Scale bar: 50 μm (applies to all images in D). See Table 1 for the quantification of TUNEL+ β cells in PBS+saline–treated, Ex-4+saline–treated, PBS+FK506–treated, and Ex-4+FK506–treated graft samples from 3 juvenile donors. Error bars represent SEM. **P < 0.01. Unpaired 2-tailed Student's t test or 1-way ANOVA followed by Newman-Keuls multiple-comparisons test (C) was used for statistical analysis. See also Supplemental Figure 6.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
The owner of a Dundee snooker club fears he will be put out of business due to upcoming changes in business rates.
Jim Carroll, owner of Tivoli Snooker and Leisure Club in the Hilltown, is “anxious” about changes to business rates, which he believes will leave him £6,000 worse off each year compared to his competitors.
He said he will end up the only major snooker club in the city still subjected to rates under new guidelines that will come into force from April 1.
Jim said: “I don't know how it's happened but under the new rules I'll be the only club paying £6,000 per year.
“If my competitors don't have to, then this is just a huge drain on my finances. How am I meant to compete against places that are already ahead — £6,000 ahead?
“I feel it's not fair.”
Under the new Scottish Assessors Association criteria — which will come into force in the next financial year — businesses estimated to have a rateable value of less than £15,000 will no longer be charged a business fee.
But Tivoli has been valued at £16,000, which Jim said will mean an annual bill of £6,000.
He said: “I will be eligible for a 25% discount but it's not enough.
“It's not easy for a snooker club at the moment.
“The smoking ban hit the industry very hard and then the financial crash came soon after.
“And these latest changes mean the key is in the door — it really could see us go out of business.
“I've been here for 31 years but over the last decade we've been hit by so many changes that impact on our facilities.
“I'm not sleeping at night because of the situation and I can't do anything until the new rules come into effect.
“So, I'm just waiting for the axe to fall before I can fight it.”
He said the club had never been more relevant as a space for youngsters and adults alike to spend time.
He said: “We are in the Hilltown, a traditionally working class area. And a club like this gets the youngsters off the streets. Where will they go if we're not here anymore?”
Andy Boal, commercial property consultant at Rydens, said he had been inundated by businesses looking for advice. He said: “At the crux is the fact it's very difficult to work out the income of a premise. Jim has been unfortunate not to be one of the businesses that automatically qualifies for no rates under the new rules.
“Many people will benefit but unfortunately a few will not. That said, appeals can often be successful, as it allows the assessor time to look at it on a case-by-case basis — as it's been done on a country-wide basis. There are no guarantees but going by past experience, there's a good chance of a successful appeal.”
GRAND JUNCTION, Colo. — It was 5 p.m. on a recent Wednesday at the Orchard Mesa library branch and Iris was lying down on the job.
To be fair, lying down is a big part of her job, and it was awfully cozy in her corner of the room.
Iris, a registered Therapy Dogs International dog, visited the branch as part of a new expansion of the library system's popular Dog Ears program, where children curl up next to well-trained pooches and practice reading aloud.
In recent years, patrons of the Central, Clifton and Fruita branches have had the opportunity to read with dogs on a regular basis.
The theory behind the program? The dogs are non-judgmental listeners who can lend hesitant readers a little self-confidence.
Plus, as Orchard Mesa branch manager Susie Robertson says, it makes reading fun, even sometimes for kids who don't find it fun in the first place.
“I think it's great,” she said. “I think that it will help with literacy for kids who maybe don't like reading as much.”
A few months ago, library staffers started talking about expanding the program to include Orchard Mesa and Collbran, according to Robertson. That Wednesday was the first day in several years that a Dog Ears program was hosted at the library's Orchard Mesa branch.
Iris claimed the “kids corner” of the library Wednesday evening where 6-year-old Madison Hubbard curled up on a bean bag, an illustrated Mercer Mayer book in hand.
Handler and Dog Ears volunteer Clay Carpenter — accompanied by Cimarron, his 13-year-old border collie mix — took up a post in a nearby room. When Carpenter first adopted Cimarron, the energetic rescue needed a three- to four-mile run, plus another 10 miles running alongside his bike on an average day.
Initially, Carpenter and Cimarron visited hospice patients. After a few years, however, Carpenter felt burnt out. After a few visits to a teacher friend's classroom, he “kind of fell into” the Dog Ears program.
“The concept is the children will be more comfortable reading to a dog,” Carpenter said. “It's really cute. The kids read to the dog and of course they're reading to you, too.”
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
At the center of Charlottesville's violent white nationalist rally was a long-simmering controversy over the removal of a statue of Confederate General Robert E. Lee.
Controversies over Confederate symbols have been brewing around the country — most notably in South Carolina, where the Confederate flag was lowered from the state house grounds two years ago, and New Orleans, where statues came down earlier this year.
But in Charlottesville, the movement to remove a Lee statue and the backlash that followed have become particularly intense thanks to an ongoing court battle and questions over whether the city council has the authority to remove it.
Now, the planned removal of the statue became a rallying cause for the alt-right — and symbol of growing discontent.
One hundred years ago, in 1917, the 26-foot-high statue was commissioned by a philanthropist and given to the city along with the surrounding land in honor of his parents. The statue took seven years and three sculptors (the first one died) to complete. According to the city of Charlottesville's website, the statue was unveiled in 1924 by 100 cadets from the Virginia Military Institute who "paraded through the center of Charlottesville decorated with Confederate colors." The new statue was also reportedly greeted with loud cheers and a speech by then-president of "the University of Virginia Edwin Alderman and followed by parties and balls.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1997. The registration form from the Department of the Interior states that the sculpture "remains undisturbed in its original location. Charlottesville will undoubtedly keep it there, for the monument is a unique to the most eminent Confederate hero of all and an outstanding example of the outdoor sculpture of the late City Beautiful movement."
It is now doubtful — though still possible — that Charlottesville will "keep it there." In February, the city council voted 3-2 to sell the statue, ignoring the recommendation of a commission that suggested moving it.
A group called Virginia's Sons of Confederate Veterans sued the city, alleging it did not have the right to remove the statute since it was a war memorial. A related group, and others, filed a lawsuit in New Orleans to block the removal of a Gen. Lee statue as well as one of Jefferson Davis. A federal appeals court said that city could remove its Confederate monuments.
City Councilor Bob Fenwick, who cast a tie-breaking vote in Charlottesville in April (that vote allowed the city to sell the statue), hoped the city council's action would put to bed more than a year of heated debate in his city. "For now, it is now time for our city to rest," he said, according to the Richmond Times-Dispatch.
But that didn't happen. The movement against removal of the statue grew — there is a Facebook group to Save the Robert E. Lee Statue and call for donations to "fund litigation to preserve our monuments." The backlash to the planned removal culminated in a white nationalist rally last weekend, which used the planned removal as a rallying cause. It is important to note, however, that the group behind hte lawsuit, SVC, condemned the Charlottesville rallies. Chaplain-in-chief Ray Parker wrote on Facebook over the weekend: "I condemn in the strongest possible way the actions, words, and beliefs of the KKK and other white supremacist groups."
The statue has also been tagged with graffiti several times in the past few years, including with "black lives matter" and "native land."
In May, a judge granted a temporary injunction, which meant the statue could not be removed for next six months. So, for now, the statue is still standing in what used to be Lee Park. Only the city council also voted earlier this year to rename the park, an action that was upheld by a judge. Gen. Lee now, rather ironically, sits in Emancipation Park.
Well this is sad.
Carmelo Anthony and LaLa have been together for more than a decade and just announced their separation.
Carmelo, a star basketball player for the New York Knicks, has been plagued with trade rumors, adding stress to the relationship.
Sources tell TMZ the couple are living separately in NYC. They are not divorcing right now, just separating. The couple shares a 10 year old son, Kiyan, together.
Before we say goodbye, let's go back to when Melo' and LaLa were on MTV Cribs…
We hope LaLa and Carmelo can work it out. We love these two together!
More.
Apology
As a measure of good neighbourly existence, the management and staff of Kaieteur News extended birthday wishes to Mr. Toolsie Persaud. He was 90. Everything was well until the newspaper published the photograph of the now dead David Persaud in place of Toolsie Persuad's.
We apologise for the error. We meant well.
With the epic failures of Android lines such as the Galaxy, it seemed like the path was clear for the iPhone to re-establish its dominance over the smartphone industry. But when Google announced it was releasing its Pixel smartphone, consumers deci...
Eurozone workers are finally beginning to feel the region's economic improvements where many think it matters most — their wages.
While the eurozone's recovery has been under way for several years and unemployment fell into single digits in the summer of 2016, workers across the 19 member states had been slow to benefit. But hourly wage costs rose 2 per cent between the first quarter of last year and the first quarter of 2018 — the biggest increase since the start of 2013, according to Eurostat, the European Commission's statistics bureau.
Manufacturing and public sector workers in Germany, the eurozone's largest economy, have secured bumper pay deals, while the country's minimum wage is set to rise 4 per cent, helping the lowest-paid. In France, airline pilots have demanded double-digit pay rises, with the chief executive of Air France-KLM stepping down in May after unions rejected a 7 per cent pay rise staggered over four years.
Even employees in some of the economies the hardest hit by the eurozone crisis are securing better deals.
In Spain, unions have a preliminary agreement for workers at the bottom of the pay scale to get 2 per cent more, plus an extra 1 per cent for productivity improvements, each year until 2020. Ireland's public sector workers, who took severe pay cuts as the government reined in spending after the country's housing bust, were awarded a 1 per cent pay rise in January and a further 1 per cent rise in August. The lowest paid will secure an extra 1 per cent rise in January 2019.
“After years of austerity, there is now more power for social partners and collective bargaining agreements are becoming more powerful,” said Luca Visentini, general secretary of the European Trade Union Confederation, at a recent European Central Bank conference in Sintra, Portugal. “The major problem we have faced is that the places where collective bargaining was often stronger — places like Ireland, Spain, Italy and Portugal — were those that were worst hit by the crisis and austerity.“
For Ireland's private sector workers, conditions are also improving as the labour market tightens; earnings are expected to rise 2.9 per cent in 2018 and 3.6 per cent next year, according to the Economic and Social Research Institute, a Dublin-based think-tank.
Philip Lane, the governor of Ireland's central bank, said last month: “Anyone who is living in a busy city knows that the cost of getting a plumber, the cost of getting a carpenter, that is shooting up.”
It is not only workers who will be pleased that pay packets are getting fatter. Wage increases are also welcome news for the region's monetary policymakers, since they make it more likely that inflation, which has been stubbornly low, will get closer to the ECB's target of just under 2 per cent.
In the high-inflation 1970s and 1980s, central bankers and trade unions were on opposing sides, with the former worried that generous pay agreements were fuelling price rises. Now both want higher wages. While a surge in oil prices has meant headline inflation is now at 2 per cent, underlying price pressures remain weak.
Mario Draghi, ECB president, has made clear he thinks wage rises are by far the biggest factor in propelling those underlying pressures to levels consistent with the ECB's target. “For monetary policy, the key issue is how growth feeds into wages and then inflation,” he said last month.
The Dutch central bank, one of those under the ECB, has even been openly calling for businesses to pay people more. Its economists are becoming confident that companies will finally heed their calls and raise wages to reflect ultra-low levels of unemployment, predicting that wage growth of 1.9 per cent this year will be followed by a pick-up to 3.5 per cent in 2019 and 4 per cent in 2020.
Despite the recent improvements, there are reasons for caution. Wage growth remains poor compared with levels seen before 2013. In Spain, salaries in many industries remain lower than they were in 2012.
Nor do the experiences of regions that are further ahead in their recovery augur well for the eurozone. In countries such as the US and Australia, wage growth has remained relatively muted despite labour shortages in several areas.
Philip Lowe, governor of the Reserve Bank of Australia, said the trend could become permanent as globalisation and technological change led businesses to scrimp on pay to keep up. “As a way of remaining competitive, many of these firms are responding by having a very strong focus on cost control. In many cases this translates into a focus on controlling labour costs,” he told the ECB conference in Portugal.
Mr Draghi acknowledged at the same event that “higher wage growth does not mechanically translate into higher inflation. Even if wages continue to rise as we expect, we cannot exclude that structural factors beyond the central bank's control might impede the transmission of wages into consumer prices.”
But he said there was as yet little evidence that globalisation or ecommerce was hitting eurozone wages — something that will add to optimism over the ECB's ability to get closer to its inflation target.
Additional reporting by Arthur Beesley in Dublin and Ian Mount in Madrid
POMPANO BEACH, FLA. (WSVN) - A pile of needles discovered by a sixth-grader near a South Florida school is causing major concerns for at least one parent in Pompano Beach.
The student was walking on the sidewalk near his school, Crystal Lake Community Middle, and told his mother about the find. She then alerted the school but said school officials didn't want to do anything about it until she threatened to go to the media about the situation.
“Orange caps, needles, it was very bad,” said Lynda, a concerned parent.
That parent said she couldn't believe that her son found hundreds of hypodermic needles on his way home from school, Monday.
“I don't want anybody's kids to get hurt. That would be a horrible thing,” Lynda said.
She took pictures of the needles at the scene. “I'd definitely say at least a hundred,” Lynda said. “It was a lot of needles.”
According to the concerned parent, when she notified the school, they claimed it was out of their control after school hours. “They told me that, after 4:15 [p.m.], that unless I was trying to get a hold of my student, that they weren't responsible for anything,” she said.
Lynda said that it was only after she said she would call 7News with the story that they began the cleanup process.
Broward County Public Schools released a statement that reads in part, “The safety of our students and staff is always our highest priority. We would like to remind our students, parents and members of our school community to remain vigilant and report any suspicious activity or hazardous situation to the proper authorities.”
Lynda told 7News that she's just happy that all the needles were removed. “A kid could run across this, trip and could have fallen, could have gotten curious, and there are all kinds of diseases,” she said.
The school district also said all the hazardous materials were properly disposed of.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
CAIRO — Archaeologists in Egypt say they have discovered a 4,400-year-old tomb near the pyramids outside Cairo.
Egypt's Antiquities Ministry announced the discovery Saturday and said the tomb likely belonged to a high-ranking official known as Hetpet during the 5th Dynasty of ancient Egypt. The tomb includes wall paintings depicting Hetpet observing different hunting and fishing scenes.
Mostafa Al-Waziri, leader of the archaeological mission, says the scenes depict a monkey — at the time commonly kept as domestic animals — reaping fruit and another dancing before an orchestra.
He believes Hetpet, a woman thought to be close to ancient Egyptian royals, had another tomb in Giza's western necropolis, which is home to the tombs of top officials of Egypt's Old Kingdom.
Al-Waziri says excavation work is underway for the other tomb.
Indian stars Priyanka Chopra and Deepika Padukone didn't emerge as winners at the Teen Choice 2017 award ceremony, where TV show 'Riverdale' and film 'Wonder Woman' dominated the winners' list.
Deepika was nominated for her Hollywood debut 'xXx: Return of Xander Cage' in the Choice Action Movie Actress category and lost the title to Gal Gadot, who won for her act in hit film 'Wonder Woman'.
Priyanka was also nominated for her Hollywood debut film Baywatch in the Choice Movie Villain category. She was competing with stars like Charlize Theron, Elizabeth Banks, James McAvoy, Javier Bardem and Luke Evans. Evans emerged the winner.
Sushant Singh Rajput BREAKS SILENCE On Being Tagged As An 'ARROGANT' Actor!
The fan-decided awards were announced here on Sunday.
The annual ceremony, which recognises teen icons in film, television, music, sports, fashion, comedy and the web, honoured film and TV titles including 'Wonder' Woman', 'Riverdale' and 'Beauty and the Beast', reports ew.com.
Stars from 'Riverdale', 'Teen Wolf' and 'Pretty Little Liars' dominated the TV categories, while 'Wonder Woman' and 'Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2' won big in the movie categories.
Trek has debuted a fully customised Émonda, honouring the Spaniard's Grand Tour success
In honour of Alberto Contador‘s success in the Grand Tours, Trek has debuted a fully customised Émonda.
Contador's season begins on the February 15 where he will race the Vuelta a Andalucía, his first race with his new Trek-Segafredo team.
>>> Reports suggest Trek-Segafredo have offered British junior sensation Tom Pidcock a contract
The spectacular looking bike is decked out in a Grand Tour Celebración paint scheme, “celebrating the illustrious career of this extraordinary athlete”.
Particularly striking are the yellow, pink and red trims around the head tube, top tube as well as the forks.
These colours have been specifically chosen as they represent the three colours of the leader's jersey from each race.
The rest of the bike is white, matched to the Bontrager black and white rims.
>>> 2017 WorldTour bikes guide
Contador said that “it's a bike that I really like. I wanted the dominant colour to be white and on that basis, we worked. I asked that the design reflects the victories in the three big tours, with the colours of the three maillots”
According to the Spaniard, Trek designed the bike so that “you can see the Eiffel Tower, the Duomo Square, and the Cibeles Square”.
They also added the shield of Contador's hometown in Spain, Pinto.
He says that these are all united by the motto that he always has in mind when racing: “Querer es poder”, or “where there's a will, there's a way”.
Contador is one of six riders to win all three Grand Tours; the Tour de France, Giro d'Italia and the Vuelta a España in his career. The only other current active rider to complete that feat is Italian Vincenzo Nibali (Bahrain-Merida).
White House drops insistence on two-state solution
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
MONTREAL, QC--(Marketwired - April 18, 2017) - Siyata Mobile Inc. (the "Company" or "Siyata") (TSX VENTURE: SIM) ( OTC PINK : SIMFF) is pleased to announce that it has received multiple Purchase Orders from McNain Communications Inc. ("McNain"), an authorized Rogers dealer, for its Uniden® Cellular boosters.
McNain Communications has been meeting people's communication needs for over 20 years with multiple stores throughout Mid-Western Ontario. An authorized Rogers Dealer, McNain markets and sells Rogers Wireless, Home Phone, Internet and TV, along with offering the latest Rogers Business Solutions.
Jamie McNain, President of McNain Communications commented, "We recently started working with Siyata Mobile, and we are excited to offer their innovative cellular product line through McNain Communications."
In North America, 80% of cellular calls are made indoors, the area with the lowest probability of cellular coverage, leaving ~75M homes and commercial buildings experiencing dropped calls and slow download speeds. Siyata, through its Uniden® portfolio of cellular boosters, is targeting a very large-scale market of users that experience weak cell phone coverage in buildings, in remote locations where coverage is spotty, or while on the go.
Marc Seelenfreund, CEO of Siyata stated, "We are very pleased to have McNain Communications as our first Rogers dealer, and look forward to building a strong partnership with Jamie and his team at McNain."
Visit www.mcnaincommunications.com to learn more about McNain Communications.
About Siyata
Siyata Mobile Inc. is a leading global developer and provider of cellular communications systems for enterprise customers, specializing in connected vehicle products for professional fleets, marketed under the Uniden® Cellular brand. Since developing the world's first 3G connected vehicle device, Siyata has been a pioneer in the industry, launching the world's first 4G LTE all-in-one fleet communications device in 2017. Incorporating voice, push-to-talk over cellular, data, and fleet management solutions into a single device, the company aims to become the connected vehicle communications device of choice for commercial vehicles and fleets around the world.
Siyata also offers rugged phones for industrial users and signal boosters for homes, buildings, and fleets with poor cell coverage. Siyata's customers include cellular operators, commercial vehicle technology distributors, and fleets of all sizes in Canada, the U.S., Europe, Australia, and the Middle East.
Visit www.siyatamobile.com and http://www.unidencellular.com/ to learn more.
On Behalf of the Board of Directors of:
SIYATA MOBILE INC.
Marc Seelenfreund
CEO and Director
Neither TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release.
This news release may include forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. All statements within, other than statements of historical fact, are to be considered forward looking. Although the Company believes the expectations expressed in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, such statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results or developments may differ materially from those in forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in forward-looking statements include market prices, continued availability of capital and financing, and general economic, market or business conditions. There can be no assurances that such statements will prove accurate and, therefore, readers are advised to rely on their own evaluation of such uncertainties. We do not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements except as required under the applicable laws.
Wrexham beat lowly Guiseley 2-0 at Nethermoor Park and have gone top of the National League.
Goals either side of the break from leading scorer Chris Holroyd, who struck for the 13th time this season, and captain Shaun Pearson secured all three points in a game Wrexham dominated.
Dean Keates' side are now unbeaten in eight league games and with the top two not in action, are the new leaders.
Wrexham went straight at Guiseley from the kick-off and Paul Rutherford, Marcus Kelly and Holroyd all went close in the opening exchanges.
Debutant Nicky Deverdics saw a right-foot effort claimed by ex-Wrexham goalkeeper Luke Coddington but the goal the Reds had been threatening came in the 16th minute.
Paul Boden sent Holroyd clear and the striker rounded Coddington before slotting into the net despite the best efforts of a defender.
Guiseley had been second best but Callum McFadzean's shot was cleared off the line by Kevin Roberts.
Wrexham pressed for more goals and Shaun Pearson's header from Rutherford's corner was headed off the line by McFadzean.
Goalkeeper Chris Dunn was forced into a rare save at the start of the second half as he turned James Roberts' drive behind for a corner.
The Reds had dominated but needed a second goal to kill the game off and it came in the 72nd minute as Pearson headed home Rutherford's corner.
Holroyd had a late effort blocked on the line but Wrexham had already done enough and deserved their win.
Wrexham (4-4-2): Dunn; Roberts, M Smith, Pearson, Jennings; Rutherford, Wedgbury, Kelly, Deverdics; Holroyd (Mackreth 90), Boden. Subs not used: Dibble, Raven, Hurst, Wright.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
The Masters begin in two weeks, and Tiger Woods is the Vegas favorite to grab the green jacket. A position that's a byproduct of Woods' recent performance, with the 42-year-old turning in consecutive top-five finishes at the Valspar Championship and Arnold Palmer Invitational. It's worth remembering these numbers are reflective of the betting habits of the public rather than the forecast of odds makers; conversely, fans aren't dropping real money on a player routinely missing cuts.
It's a rejuvenation that's instilled belief that Woods can find the winner's circle at Augusta National for the first time since 2005. However, though no one wants to come into Georgia cold, does momentum really matter at the Masters?
Well, it depends on how you define "momentum."
If that word is delineated with "win," there's some correlation. Yes, the past four Masters winners—Sergio Garcia, Danny Willett, Jordan Spieth and Bubba Watson—won at least one event in the preceding two months to the tournament. But theirs is a recent trend, as only one of the previous six victors, Charl Schwartzel, notched a pre-Augusta W. If you want to extrapolate to 2003, add three—Phil Mickelson, Woods and Mike Weir—to the Venn Diagram. Meaning the Masters champ has already hit pay dirt before strolling down Magnolia Lane over half the time in the past 15 years.
Tiger, obviously, has not found himself atop the leader board at Sunday's end in five attempts this season. But many don't confine momentum to merely wins; reasonable observers would consider Woods' three straight top-12 finishes as "feeling it." So we went back to the 15-year set and analyzed how many Masters winners posted multiple top-15s in their Augusta National warm-up.
The short answer? Damn near all of 'em.
Analyzing a player's five previous tournament results leading up to the Masters, seven of the past eight champions, and 12 of the past 15, have multiple top-15 finishes. And if you narrow the focus to the past six years, five of the past six winners have recorded three or more top-15s, with Willett the lone exception.
Viewing this data through another prism, only two players came out of the woodwork to claim their share of immortality since 2003: Angel Cabrera (previous five tournaments: MC-MC-T32-T33-T13) and Trevor Immelman (MC-T40-T48-T65-MC). Schwartzel wasn't lighting the world on fire, although did begin 2011 with three consecutive top eights, including a win at the Joburg Open.
Woods will have plenty of obstacles in pursuit of his 15th major, particularly his driving woes (eight of the past nine winners ranked inside the top 25 in strokes gained: off-the-tee entering Augusta National; Tiger stands in 148th at the moment). But a lack of reps won't be one of them. If recent history is any indication, Woods' Masters tune-up meets the prerequisite for green jacket candidacy.
WATCH: GOLF DIGEST VIDEOS
Enter for your chance to win All Access to Panic! at the Disco at the Wolstein Center at CSU Wednesday, March 8th.
Tickets are on sale now at www.livenation.com
In a rather shocking development, the Supreme Court recently pulled up Tamil star Rajinikanth's wife Latha for failing to pay the Rs 6.20 Crore she owes a noted advertising company. While rebuking the former playback singer, the Supreme Court also asked her to either clear her dues or face trial. The SC has given her nearly a week to make it clear whether she plans to clear the dues. The advertising firm was associated with the highly ambitious 2014 release Kochadaiiyaan and had given nearly Rs 10 Crore to Latha's company.
The lady's company was supposed to refund the amount and pay an additional Rs 1.2 Crore as 'guaranteed profit'.
Latha's troubles started when a trial court asked the Police to look into the matter. In 2016, the Karnataka High Court quashed the order. Following this, the advertising company approached the Supreme Court. Earlier this year, the 'apex court' made it clear that she would have to clear the dues.
In case you did not know, Kochadaiiyaan was directed by Soundarya Rajinikanth and marked her directorial debut. Shot using motion capture technology, it featured Rajinikanth and Bollywood actress Deepika Padukone in the lead. The supporting cast featured names such as Jackie Shroff, Nassar and R Sarathkumar. Released on May 23, 2014, it opened to a good response at the box office but ultimately failed to live up to the expectations. Its distributors suffered losses and this proved to be an embarrassment for 'Thalaiva'.
Interestingly, this controversy involving Latha comes at a time when the Superstar is busy with his political commitments. On the film front, he currently has 2.0 and a film with Karthik Subbaraj in his kitty. 2.0 is a Shankar directorial and will see Rajini reprise his Chitti character from the 2010 hit Enthiran. Recently, it was reported that the makers of 2.0 are in a fix because of the unsatisfactory performance of Kaala. As such, it is not very clear when the sci-fi thriller will ultimately hit the screens.
GREENVILLE, N.C. (WNCT) – Greenville Police are investigating an armed robbery that occurred near Pirates Place Tuesday night.
According to police, the robbery took place at around 9:47 p.m.
Suspects are described as three black males with one wearing a blue jacket, another wearing a red jacket, and the other wearing orange and purple shoes. All three suspects were armed with handguns and left in an unknown direction of travel with various electronics stolen from the scene.
Officers are on scene looking for the suspects.
Anyone with information is asked to contact the Greenville Police at 252-329-4315. Information can be provided anonymously to Crime Stoppers at 252-758-7777.
Nitro Circus TP199 Signature Collection & Fall '17 Apparel Now Available | by: Press Release
San Clemente, California – The Nitro Circus team has been busy in the lab cooking up new gear that will add exceptional style to your wardrobe. Inside the fully redesigned Nitro Circus online shop you will now find the new TP199 Signature Collection along with Nitro's all-new Fall 2017 apparel line. Closely developed with action sports icon and Nitro Circus ringleader Travis Pastrana, the TP199 Signature Collection features designs celebrating his all-American roots and daredevil exploits. “We're so psyched to announce these new collections,” said Travis. “The shirts feel great and the designs represent the passion, fun and excitement that is at the core of everything we do." While the 199 Signature Collection is a tribute to the living legend himself, the line is simultaneously dedicated to all things Nitro.
Nitro Evel '47 Tee Nitro Circus
Nitro Evel '47 Tee Back Nitro Circus
Nitro Pastranaland '47 Green Tee Nitro Circus
The TP199 Signature Collection features six unique t-shirt designs that are available in multiple colorways, printed on '47's premium Ring-Spun Combed Cotton for unmatched comfort and a great fit. '47, currently celebrating it's 70th anniversary, is the exclusive headwear and apparel partner for Nitro Circus and its athletes. MEN'S In addition to the debut of the TP199 Signature Collection, Nitro Circus is releasing its highly-anticipated Fall 2017 line featuring both Men's and Kids ranges. The Fall '17 Men's collection includes unique Nitro Circus-inspired designs available in multiple colorways to appeal to a variety of personal tastes. Made of a ring-spun combed cotton and polyester yarn, this bi-blend shirt has a natural moisture wicking ability that's sure to keep your cool while on your bike, board, or simply hanging out. Then, for when the temperature goes down, the new Men's collection also includes two great hoodie options.
Nitro Circus
Nitro Circus
Nitro Circus
KID'S Last but not least, Nitro Circus is rolling out a new Kids collection for the younger set. The timing couldn't be better: with back to school right around the corner everyone will want to look sharp, and with the Nitro Circus Kids collection, they'll be sure to turn heads. Seven different designs are available in multiple colors to suit all tastes.
Nitro Kids Black Abstract Tee Nitro Circus
Nitro Kids Blue Retro Tee Nitro Circus
Nitro Goonies '47 Heather Black Tee Nitro Circus
Search warrants just released by Minnesota authorities reveal more details about‘s drug habit, reports TMZ . According to the documents, Ziploc bags and envelopes filled with pills were discovered by law enforcement. The documents also revealed that the “Purple Rain” singer obtained pills through his bodyguard who filled out the prescriptions under the name Peter Bravestrong, which was the alias Prince used. They found a suitcase under that name containing pill bottles and the lyrics to the song “U Got the Look.”
Prince's main doctor, Dr. Michael Schulenberg, confessed to detectives that he had prescribed Oxycodone to Prince the same day the singer overdosed on a jet. In addition, more Oxycodone was bought six days before the music legend died.
Prince had his manager arrange for B12 to be injected in his body as a way to feel better before concerts. Prince did not use cellphones due to a past hacking misfortune. He communicated through emails and landlines according to TMZ.
Sadly, Prince died from an overdose of the strong painkiller Fentanyl back on April 21, 2016.
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
Anyone who gets to see the total solar eclipse on August 21 will be lucky — and humanity is lucky to live on a planet that even has this kind of celestial event.
Mercury and Venus, after all, don't even have moons. Mars has a couple, but they're too small to completely blot out the sun. Gas giants like Jupiter do have big moons, but they don't have solid surfaces where you could stand and enjoy an eclipse.
And, even with solid land and a moon, Earth only gets its gorgeous total solar eclipses because of a cosmic coincidence.
"They appear to be the same size because of their distance away from us," explains Amber Porter, an astronomer at Clemson University, which is in the path of the upcoming eclipse. The diameter of Earth's moon is about 400 times smaller than the diameter of the sun, but "even though the moon is about 400 times smaller than the sun, it's about 400 times closer to us here on Earth, which is how that perfect kind of magic happens."
Because of this quirk, the tiny moon can obscure the entire face of the sun and reveal its eerie corona, at least right now. In the past, Earth's eclipses did not look like this.
"The size of the sun hasn't really changed over the age of Earth, but the moon has been moving away from Earth over eons. So in the past it looked bigger," says Matija Cuk, a planetary scientist at the SETI Institute.
The moon is still moving away from Earth, he says. Every year, it shifts outward about an inch-and-half.
"So actually for billions of years you can have a total eclipse, but this very evenly matched eclipse, where it is barely total, that happens for a relatively short amount of time," says Cuk.
In only about 600 million years, the moon will look small enough that it no longer completely covers the sun, and whoever is left on Earth won't see any more total solar eclipses. So, get them while you can.
ANAHEIM, CALIFORNIA - APRIL 12: A.J. Griffin #64 of the Texas Rangers throws a pitch in the first inning against the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim at Angel Stadium of Anaheim on April 12, 2017 in Anaheim, California. (Photo by Stephen Dunn/Getty Images)
Griffin became a believer Monday. Using the spacious Oakland Coliseum to his advantage, Griffin threw strikes and got sterling results in a 7-0 Rangers win .
"I see guys that are not being aggressive," Brocail said before heading into the advance scouting meeting for the series at Oakland. "If they are being aggressive, I'll have to find out their definition. We've got to believe in our stuff."
After a dozen games of watching his pitchers try to tickle the strike zone -- not particularly well -- pitching coach Doug Brocail gathered up his guys to once again underscore a pretty simple message Monday afternoon: Throw strikes.
Griffin allowed just one hit in six shutout innings. He retired the last 14 hitters he faced. Here's what he did: He threw strikes early in the count, 15 times, in fact, to the 19 hitters he faced. The's did the rest, swinging big and missing his breaking ball or popping fly balls into the night sky. Of his 18 outs, eight came on fly balls and another eight on strikeouts.
It was quite a departure for the Rangers' pitching staff. They entered the game 25th in the majors in first-pitch strike percentage and 27th in overall strike percentage. As a result, walks mounted, particularly for the starters. The Rangers' rotation began the day leading the majors in walks with 34.
Before the game, general manager Jon Daniels acknowledged the walks had stood out for him.
"From a pure stuff standpoint, it's as talented an overall pitching staff as we've ever had," he said. "We've got guys with plus velocity, plus offspeed stuff, plus breaking balls. Sometimes there is a little bit of a sliding scale with command. We've just got to have confidence to throw it over the plate."
On Monday, a starter did. Maybe it starts a trend.
Briefly: RHP Tyson Ross has returned to Arlington after back spasms sidelined his stint at extended spring training. While he has gotten some relief from the spasms, the discomfort has not completely abated and he won't get on the mound until it does. Daniels said the back spasms push Ross' potential Rangers' debut back at least a week or two from the club's initial hopes he could pitch by the first week in May.
-- 3B Adrian Beltre walked the stairs at the Oakland Coliseum and did a little light jogging. He said his strained right calf is improving, but he remains on a conservative track for return.
Twitter: @Evan_P_Grant
by
This weekend is your chance to see a professionally produced production of one of the classics of British theater. Written in 1905 by George Bernard Shaw, “Major Barbara” has been in theaters almost continuously since then.
Now it's at Washington College. Each semester there is one play directed by a senior member of the theater department. This fall Assistant Professor of Theatre, Brendon Fox, is directing one of his personal favorites, and the WC Department of Theatre and Dance has brought in a professional production team to help design the set, sound, costumes, etc. This gives the students a chance to work with theater professionals and learn professional techniques from the pros while making both friends and contacts. They even have a professional fight choreographer to give those fight scenes a realistic touch!
This is also a rare opportunity to see one of Chestertown's finest actors. Professor of Drama Emeritus, Timothy Maloney, has come out of retirement to play Andrew Undershaft, the captain of industry and father of Major Barbara. His wife, Lady Britomart Undershaft, is played by Professor of English Kate Moncrief. Rachel Treglia, WC class of '19, takes the title role as Major Barbara Undershaft.
Performances will be in Decker Theater in the Gibson Arts building on the Washington College campus on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday evenings, Oct.5- 7 at 7:30 pm. There is also a matinee at 2:00 pm on Sunday, Oct. 8. All performances are free.
“Major Barbara” was first staged at the London Royal Court Theatre in 1905. In the USA, it made its Broadway debut at the Playhouse Theatre in 1915, just as World War I was raging in Europe. A 1941 film adaptation starred Rex Harrison, Wendy Hiller and Robert Morley. This film version of Major Barbara was shot in London during the blitz bombing of London in 1940. With explosions going on around them, the cast and crew often had to drop everything and run for the bomb shelters. But producer-director, Pascal didn't stop the production and, amazingly, the film was finished on schedule. The play was also released as a 4-LP Caedmon Records set in 1965 with Maggie Smith in the title role and Morley reprising his role as Andrew Undershaft. While the play was originally set in the early years of the 20th century, the Washington College production is set in the present day.
“Major Barbara” tells the story of an idealistic young woman, Barbara Undershaft. A Major in the Salvation Army in London, Barbara has devoted her life to helping the poor. For years, Barbara and the rest of her family have been estranged from their father, Andrew Undershaft, a rich munitions maker. Ironically, their father is a major supporter of the Salvation Army and has made substantial donations to the organization. This offends Major Barbara, who objects to his “tainted” wealth. However, the father claims that he is doing more to help society by creating jobs and a steady income for people than the Salvation Army is by feeding them and praying for them. A social satire like many of Shaw's works, the play uses humor to explore themes of morality, money, and power, often within the family structure.
Director Brendon Fox received his B.S., Performance Studies at Northwestern University, 1993 and his M.F.A., in Directing at the University of California, Los Angeles, in 2009. He teaches classes on acting, directing, and theater history, among other subjects. His research interests are in Restoration comedy and the adaptation of literature to the stage. In July 2014, Fox directed Two Gentlemen of Verona, for the Houston Shakespeare Festival. In 2016, he adapted the popular, best-selling British novel The Eyre Affair by Jasper Fforde for a staged reading at Washington College. This was a world stage-premiere for The Eyre Affair. Author Jasper Fforde came to the college for the premiere and worked with the students in several workshop sessions.
All performances are free. But reservations are strongly encouraged. Reservations may be made online here up to two hours before each performance. If online reservations are already closed, come to the theater at least 30 minutes early for a ticket, if available, or to have your name placed on the waiting list. The doors open one-half hour before curtain time. Those with reservations will be allowed to enter first. At five minutes before curtain, house managers will begin admitting patrons from the waiting list. For more information, email theatre_tickets@washcoll.edu and a student worker will respond.
The cast features Professor of Drama Emeritus Timothy Maloney playing Andrew Undershaft and Professor of English Kate Moncrief as Lady Britomart Undershaft, as well as:
Adam Ashcraft '19 (Peter Shirley)
Giselle Brown, '20 (Rummy Mitchens)
Iz Clemens, '19 (Jenny Hill)
Colin Higgins, '19 (Charles Lomax)
Nate Krimmel, '18 (Snobby Price)
John Leslie, '19 (Stephen Undershaft)
Meghan McPherson, '19 (Billie Walker)
Conor Maloney, '19 (Adolphus Cusins)
Lexy Ricketts, '20 (Sarah Undershaft)
Rachel Treglia, '19 (Major Barbara Undershaft)
Abby Wargo, '19 (Mrs. Baines)
Kelly Young, '20 (Morrison/Bilton)
The production and design team includes:
Erin Caine ('19): Dramaturg
Patricia Delorey: Dialect Coach, (Professional-Florida)
Lex Liang: Costume & Scenic Designer, (Professional-New York)
Laura Eckelman: Lighting Designer
Dan Perelstein: Co-Sound Designer, (Professional-Philadelphia)
Mark Christie ('18): Co-Sound Designer
Claudia Adjou-Moumouni ('18): Music Director
Cliff Williams III: Fight Choreographer, (Professional-DC)
Cole Capobianco ('16): Associate Costume Designer, (Alumni &Professional-NJ)
Kaitlyn Peacock ('19): Assistant Scenic Designer & Props Master
Shannon Lawn ('18): Stage Manager
Jackie Dulaff ('20): Assistant Stage Manager
Nic Job ('21): Assistant Stage Manager
Victoria Gill ('21) – light board operator
Patrick Salerno ('21) – soundboard operator
Gillian Kelahan ('21) – wardrobe crew
Tedi Rollins ('21) – stage/wardrobe crew
###
Enrique Marquez Jr., 25, of Riverside, Calif., is accused of purchasing the assault rifles used in the San Bernardino terrorist attack, and has agreed to plead guilty to federal criminal charges.
Benjamin Gottlieb of member station KCRW tells our Newscast unit:
In his plea, Marquez admits that his friend, Syed Rizwan Farook, paid him for the assault rifles used to kill 14 people and injure 22 others in December of 2015. That's when Farook and his wife Tashfeen Malik opened fire at a holiday party of Farook's coworkers at the Inland Regional Center. Marquez also admits he conspired with Farook in 2011 and 2012 to attack Riverside City College (RCC) — as well as commuter traffic on a major freeway in Southern California. Those plans never materialized.
U.S. Attorney Eileen Decker said, "While his earlier plans to attack a school and a freeway were not executed, the planning clearly laid the foundation for the 2015 attack on the Inland Regional Center."
Prosecutors say there is no evidence that Marquez participated in the San Bernardino attack or had advance knowledge about it.
He did acknowledge that he was a "straw buyer" when he purchased two high-powered rifles used in the San Bernardino attack.
According to a Justice Department statement:
"Straw purchasers are criminals who are the beginning of the chain of violence in our country," said ATF Special Agent in Charge Eric D. Harden. "It is purchases like Marquez's that led to the terror on that tragic day in San Bernardino. The crime goes beyond making a false statement on a government form. It puts guns in the hands of criminals who will victimize the community. In this case, the straw purchase is as reprehensible as the attack."
Mandy Pifer, whose boyfriend Shannon Johnson was killed in the terror attack, told The Associated Press that Marquez's plea agreement brought mixed emotions:
"It's a hell of a day to come out, Valentine's Day," the 42-year-old Los Angeles resident said. "I'm relieved that it won't be a long trial. If it'll be finished sooner, I'm all for it." She said she planned to speak at Marquez's sentencing about the impact her boyfriend's killing has had on her. In his last moments, Johnson huddled with a colleague under a table, shielding her from the bullets. "It is what it is," she said. "Nothing's going to bring him back."
Marquez is expected to formally enter his guilty pleas Thursday morning.
He has been in custody since he was ordered detained at his initial court appearance in this case on Dec. 17, 2015.
Marquez faces up to 25 years in federal prison.
This story is about Published 4h
Will Cowboys finally find Jason Witten's successor? 10 TEs Dallas could target in the NFL draft Share This Story On... Twitter
Facebook
Email
Photo/Illustration by The Dallas Morning News Will this finally be the year that Dallas finds an eventual replacement for tight end Jason Witten (left, No. 82)?
By SportsDayDFW.com Contact SportsDayDFW.com on Twitter: @SportsDayDFW
One of the few constants for the Dallas Cowboys for the past 14 years has been tight end Jason Witten. Over that span of time Witten has played in all 16 regular season games 13 times. The one time he didn't wast his rookie year when he only played 15 games. Since joining Dallas in 2003 the Cowboys have drafted eight tight ends, and it still looks like they are looking for Witten's eventual replacement. Gavin Escobar is a free agent. The team also has Geoff Swaim and Rico Gathers (a Baylor basketball player turned tight end) on the roster. Could Jerry Jones & Co. go back to the draft to try and find another tight end? Here are 10 possible targets for Dallas in the draft.
Who are Cowboys going to pair with Dez Bryant? 10 WRs Dallas could target in the NFL draft
Other series installments: QB | RB | WR | TE Some notes to remember: -- With Jason Witten still on the roster, it is highly (repeat, very unlikely) that Dallas springs and takes a tight back within the first two or three, maybe even four, rounds. Players who are projected to go in the early rounds like O.J. Howard and David Njoku are not considered. -- Scroll to the bottom of this post to vote on who you'd want Dallas to draft. -- The TEs are listed in alphabetical order. -- All stats taken from sports-reference.com. 1. Jake Butt
Gregory Shamus/Getty Images COLUMBUS, OH - NOVEMBER 26: Jake Butt #88 of the Michigan Wolverines runs after catching a pass during the first half against the Ohio State Buckeyes at Ohio Stadium on November 26, 2016 in Columbus, Ohio. (Photo by Gregory Shamus/Getty Images)
College: Michigan Stats: 43 games played / 138 receptions for 1,646 yards / 11 TDs Projected draft range: Anywhere from the 3rd to the 5th round What the scouts are saying: "In-line tight end with strong, natural hands and the toughness to make a living in the middle of the field as a chain-moving safety blanket. While he's shown ability to operate as an intermediate target as well, he might lack the athleticism and separation to uncover against NFL safeties and some linebackers in man coverage. Butt must improve greatly as a blocker to reach his potential as a Y tight end. However, his ability as a reliable, productive target should earn him an early starter's nod with a chance to become a solid pro." -- Lance Zierlein, NFL.com "Some team sources have said that Butt is a solid prospect, but is underwhelming as a blocker. Others think his blocking improved over his final year. Butt tore some knee ligaments in his bowl game, so he could slide in the 2017 NFL Draft." -- Walterfootball.com 2. Evan Engram
Jonathan Bachman/Getty Images OXFORD, MS - NOVEMBER 05: Evan Engram #17 of the Mississippi Rebels runs with the ball as Jessie Liptrot #30 of the Georgia Southern Eagles defends during the first half of a game at Vaught-Hemingway Stadium on November 5, 2016 in Oxford, Mississippi. (Photo by Jonathan Bachman/Getty Images)
College: Ole Miss Stats: 41 games played / 162 receptions for 2,320 yards / 15 TDs Projected draft range: Anywhere from the 2nd to the 3rd round What the scouts are saying: "Not a true tight end, nor a true wide receiver, but could find a role as a big slot receiver ... Aggressive blocker, but doesn't have the size to be counted on regularly for that, he is much better suited to be moved all over the line, especially in slot as a potential mismatch with linebackers or smaller slot corners." -- DraftBlaster "While listed as a tight end on the roster, Engram is better described as a versatile offensive weapon, lining up out wide, in-line and in the background at Ole Miss. He looks more like a physical wideout than traditional tight end with his size and growth potential, but his athleticism allows him to create mismatches vs. linebackers and safeties. ... Engram might not fit the prototypical profile of NFL tight ends, but he can be a difference-maker in the right offense." -- CBS Sports 3. Gerald Everett
Eric Francis/Getty Images LINCOLN, NE - SEPTEMBER 12: Tight end Gerald Everett #12 of the South Alabama Jaguars tries to elude defensive back Byerson Cockrell #28 of the Nebraska Cornhuskers during their game at Memorial Stadium on September 12, 2015 in Lincoln, Nebraska. (Photo by Eric Francis/Getty Images)
College: South Alabama/UAB Stats: 31 games played / 107 receptions for 1,584 yards / 13 TDs (17 total TDs) Projected draft range: Anywhere from the 2nd to the 3rd round What the scouts are saying: "Sources have said there is a real buzz about Everett in the scouting community, and he is often compared to the Redskins' Jordan Reed. They think Everett is a legit receiving weapon for the NFL. Some team sources believe that Everett won't get out of the second round of the 2017 NFL Draft." -- Walterfootball.com "It's difficult to find a good comparison for Everett because his size and toughness are similar to Marshall's coming out, but his playing style resembles Delanie Walker at times. Everett has size, speed and tremendous run-after-catch potential, but it is his willingness and ability to block that separates him from other 'matchup' tight ends. Route running is below average, but he should improve with NFL coaching. Everett has the talent to become a very good NFL starter with Pro Bowl potential if he puts it all together." -- Lance Zierlein, NFL.com 4. Bucky Hodges
Michael Shroyer/Getty Images BLACKSBURG, VA - OCTOBER 20: Tight end Bucky Hodges #7 of the Virginia Tech Hokies celebrates his touchdown reception with quarterback Jerod Evans #4 in the first half against the Miami Hurricanes at Lane Stadium on October 20, 2016 in Blacksburg, Virginia. (Photo by Michael Shroyer/Getty Images)
College: Virginia Tech Stats: 39 games played / 133 receptions for 1,747 yards / 20 TDs (21 total TDs) Projected draft range: Anywhere from the 2nd to the 4th round What the scouts are saying: "Hodges still has work to do as a route-runner and his inconsistent hands could be a concern. He can line up inside or outside while his size and ability to work all three levels of the field should be appealing to teams looking for pass catching options. The competitive nature of the NFL could bring out more consistent toughness in him as a blocker. He has the tools to be a long-time starter and touchdown-maker in the league." -- Lance Zierlein, NFL.com "Another gigantic receiving threat that will present fits for opposing defenses at the next level, Hodges' game has some similarities to Jimmy Graham. He's a physical target who will dominate in the red zone and move the chains with ease." -- Luke Easterling, DraftWire 5. Jordan Leggett
Jim Rogash/Getty Images CHESTNUT HILL, MA - OCTOBER 07: Jordan Leggett #16 of the Clemson Tigers runs the ball in to the end zone for a touchdown in the first quarter during a game against the Boston College Eagles at Alumni Stadium on October 7, 2016 in Chestnut Hill, Massachusetts. (Photo by Jim Rogash/Getty Images)
College: Clemson Stats: 44 games played / 112 receptions for 1,598 yards / 18 TDs Projected draft range: Anywhere from the 3rd to the 4th round What the scouts are saying: "Leggett is one of the more athletically gifted tight end prospects. He will be a real find for someone and be a nice addition to most passing games. Leggett can get open, catch the football and make plays and be a wonderful weapon. However, he has to prove two things to scouts. First, that he's truly committed to the game and will work hard. Second, Leggett must continue to work on blocking. If he does those two things, he can become a very good NFL player." -- Jamie Newberg, CBS Sports "A 'move' tight end that works all over the offense to work on mismatches in the passing game. Able to burst out of cuts and get open for big plays, often down the seam. Major threat in the red zone, and creates nightmares for defenses that don't have the right personnel to cover him. Not an effective blocker, and has durability issues." -- DraftBlaster 6. Michael Roberts
Rey Del Rio/Getty Images KALAMAZOO, MI - NOVEMBER 25: Michael Roberts #80 of the Toledo Rockets reaches over the goal line for a touchdown in the first quarter against the Western Michigan Broncos at Waldo Stadium on November 25, 2016 in Kalamazoo, Michigan. (Photo by Rey Del Rio/Getty Images)
College: Toldeo Stats: 27 games played / 70 receptions for 832 yards / 22 TDs Projected draft range: Anywhere from the 3rd to the 6th round What the scouts are saying: "Roberts is a blocking tight end for the NFL, yet has some receiving ability. Scouting sources said that Roberts could be the best pure Y (blocking) tight end in the 2017 NFL Draft. They say he is athletic enough to make some plays as a short option or in the red zone. Roberts had a quality week at the Senior Bowl, minus a few dropped passes." -- Walterfootball.com "One season of 'wow' production, but has NFL size and length. Roberts' tape shows inconsistent effort from a blocking standpoint, but it also shows the strength and ability to handle those chores on the next level. He should be a functional receiver target as well and could come in as a third tight end with the ability to work his way up the ladder." -- Lance Zierlein, NFL.com 7. Adam Shaheen
College: Ashland Stats: 31 games played / 129 receptions for 1,755 yards / 26 TDs Projected draft range: Anywhere from the 3rd to the 6th round What the scouts are saying: "Big, fast and athletic, Shaheen will immediately interest teams who are looking for size and traits. He's a poorer blocker than what might be expected for a player with his frame, but he's also a much more dangerous pass catching target. The jump in competition will be substantial and teams will expect him to become a more consistent blocker, but he's a pass catching tight end in a Y-tight end's body. Shaheen has starting potential with an ability to impact a passing game early in his career." -- Lance Zierlein, NFL.com "An surprising prospect, that at first looks like a big bodied blocking tight end. It doesn't take long to see this is an athletic, basketball player with excellent skills in the passing game. Huge frame that easily boxes out defenders, and catches the ball easily." -- DraftBlaster 8. Jeremy Sprinkle
Wesley Hitt/Getty Images FAYETTEVILLE, AR - SEPTEMBER 3: Jeremy Sprinkle #83 of the Arkansas Razorbacks runs the ball after catching a pass during a game against the Louisiana Tech Bulldogs at Razorback Stadium on September 3, 2016 in Fayetteville, Arkansas. (Photo by Wesley Hitt/Getty Images)
College: Arkansas Stats: 39 games played / 71 catches for 921 yards / 11 TDs Projected draft range: Anywhere from the 4th to the 6th round What the scouts are saying: "Teams looking for a traditional full-feature tight end will like Sprinkle, who appears just as satisfied with delivering a block in the running game as he is catching touchdowns. ... Compares to: Marcedes Lewis, Jacksonville Jaguars: Sprinkle is not quite as big as the 6-6, 280 pound Lewis and the game has changed a bit in the 10 years since the Jaguars invested a first round pick in him. Each possess the size, speed and wingspan to carve out a long career in the NFL, though the majority of their touchdowns could come as a red zone specialist rather than as a dynamic threat down the seam." -- Rob Rang, CBS Sports "True 'Y' tight end with outstanding length and a frame that can handle more weight. Has the toughness to be an NFL blocker, but might need to add more upper- and lower-body strength before he's ready. He's a big, reliable target in the red zone and underneath against zone, but needs a longer runway to create separation in his routes. Sprinkle isn't great in any one area, but he's good in most and should be a safe pick and quality starter in the league." -- Lance Zierlein, NFL.com 9. Jonnu Smith
Joel Auerbach/Getty Images MIAMI, FL - OCTOBER 18: Jonnu Smith #87 of the Florida International Panthers is tackled by Raheem Waiters #14 and Jermaine Holmes #46 of the Marshall Thundering Herd on October 18, 2014 at FIU Stadium in Miami, Florida.(Photo by Joel Auerbach/Getty Images)
College: Florida International Stats: 43 games played / 178 receptions for 2,001 yards / 18 TDs Projected draft range: Anywhere from the 3rd to the 5th round What the scouts are saying: "At the Senior Bowl, Smith had a decent week and flashed some receiving skills. Scouting sources from across the league have compared Smith to the Bills' Charles Clay." -- Walterfootball.com 10. Tyrone Swoopes
Andy Jacobsohn/Staff Photographer Texas Longhorns quarterback Tyrone Swoopes (18) celebrates after he scored a 3-yard rushing touchdown in the first quarter to make the score 13-0 during an NCAA football game between Oklahoma and Texas at the Cotton Bowl in Dallas Saturday October 10, 2015. Texas Longhorns beat Oklahoma Sooners 24-17. (Andy Jacobsohn/The Dallas Morning News)
College: Texas Stats: 39 games played / 3,083 passing yards / 966 rushing yards / 0 receiving yards / 41 total TDs Projected draft range: Anywhere from the 4th to the 6th round What the scouts are saying: "Swoopes played quarterback for Texas, but sources with multiple NFL teams are considering him as a future tight end for the NFL. They say that Swoopes has a good skill set for the position. They think he has hands for the position, but they definitely like his size and athletic ability to play tight end. Some teams think Swoopes could go in the early rounds of Day 3 at his new position." -- Walterfootball.com Other notable names: Eric Saubert, Cole Hikutini, BlakeJarwin, Darrell Daniels, George Kittle, Cethan Carter, Josiah Price, Jamal Lyles
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Mr. Bad Boy himself, Sean “Diddy” Combs, comes out on top this year as Forbes has named him the highest paid musician of 2017.
Diddy raked in a massive $130 million mostly thanks to his Ciroc line and the Bad Boy Family Reunion Tour. [read more]
Forbes top four highest paid were all African American. Check out the other three below.
2. Beyoncé ($105 M)
3. Drake ($94 M)
4. The Weeknd ($92 M)
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Welcome to For The Win's workout of the week, where each week a professional athlete shares their go-to workout with us. This week we have Jessica Springsteen (yes that Springsteen), who is a champion show jumper. She is competing at the Longines Masters of New York, April 26-29.)
What's your daily workout?
“My daily workout varies,” Springsteen wrote in an email. “It's hard to stay on a consistent schedule since I'm constantly traveling, but one thing I make sure I do at least three times a week is gone on a nice run. I try to do at least four or five miles, and it's also a great way to explore the city I'm in! It clears my head before big competitions. When I'm home in New York or Florida I do hot yoga and SLT Pilates as much as possible.
“A strong core in horse back riding is so important, as it helps keep you balanced and takes the pressure off of your back. But the key to staying riding fit is just to ride as much as possible! It works muscles that are difficult to target in the gym, so it's important to ride as many horses a day as you can to stay strong and tight in the saddle.”
💙💙💙💙 A post shared by Jessica Springsteen (@jessicaspringsteen) on Feb 1, 2018 at 1:09pm PST
Here's what she eats before working out:
“Again, when you're constantly traveling and on the go, it's challenging to have a consistent meal plan! I always make sure I have some sort of protein before I ride. I love to make a protein shake if possible, but I carry protein bars wherever I go and a piece of fruit. My favorite bars are quest bars.”
Welcome to the first Friday of October. It's been a crazy week, that's for sure. Once again, it's time for another app sales post. We have a short list today, so perusing it should take you no time at all. As always, pay attention to the times left on these apps, games, and icon packs.
Free
Apps
Games
Icon packs & customization
Sale
Apps
Games
««« return to Daily Wine News index
New president for the RWA
Andrew Calabria of Calabria Wines was confirmed as the new president of the Riverina Winemakers Association (RWA) at the Association's annual general meeting on Thursday 10th August 2017.
“I believe the Riverina wine region is sitting in a great position to showcase and educate the world on our level of quality, the Riverina is home to the leading wineries producing alternate varieties, so to be elected President during this period is truly exciting," said Calabria, upon accepting the role.
After a decades worth of leadership and service to the local industry, Les Worland resigned from his position of president of the RWA but will hopefully still be a regular at the meetings as a representative of Casella Family Brands.
“I've enjoyed my time as President but I'm not getting any younger, so I'm sure now is the right time for a change. After 10 years in the chair, I want to thank the members for the good times and friendship I've had while in this position and I'm sure my young successor and Carrah's team will breathe new life into our organisation.”
The board then proceeded to nominate Sam Brewer from Yarran Wines, as their new Vice-President.
“Being a smaller player in the region I'm very humbled to be nominated for the role by the RWA members, I think there is a significant change in the way customers are viewing wines from the Riverina and I'm really keen to be a part of helping to strengthen the regions standing," said Brewer.
The RWA also stated that Carrah Lymer will assume the roles of Treasurer/Secretary. Lymer is already overseeing the marketing and events for the Association.
“We've got a new wave of enthusiasm and drive coming from the likes of Andrew and Sam backed by the wisdom and guidance of our older generation. There's definitely a “Riverina resurgence” and I'm enjoying the opportunities to support where possible," said Lymer.
Sen. Duckworth talks Kim Jong-un, stresses of Congress with Seth Meyers
hello
U.S. Sen. Tammy Duckworth of Hoffman Estates talks about tensions with North Korea, her military experiences and the stress of her job on "Late Night with Seth Meyers." Courtesy of NBC
U.S. Sen. Tammy Duckworth appeared on "Late Night with Seth Meyers" Thursday, where she candidly discussed the war of words between President Donald Trump and North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un.
Duckworth, a Democrat from Hoffman Estates, said Trump isn't helping tensions by engaging in a "battle of terminology" and warned that the president "can't out-hyperbole a dictator who's crazy."
"Stop it," Duckworth said. "You're the commander in chief of the greatest military on the face of this earth. Act like it."
Blood pressure
Duckworth, who wore a short leather dress revealing her prosthetic legs, also talked about the year she spent recovering in Walter Reed National Military Medical Center after being shot down in Iraq. But she described serving in Congress as her most stressful job yet.
When she joined the House in 2013, she said, doctors put her on blood pressure medication. After moving to the Senate in January, she laughed, "they doubled it."
Watch the video online at www.facebook.com/SenDuckworth/videos/907431056097511/.
Susana Mendoza -
Just how much did suburban districts get out of the $429 million that was released to Illinois schools late last week to help with cash flow? Abdon Pallasch, spokesman for Democratic Comptroller Susana Mendoza, gave me a few breakouts.
Millburn Elementary District 24 got $338,731. Indian Prairie District 204 got $5.2 million. Oak Grove Elementary District 68 got $120,632. Kaneland Unit District District 302 got $1.2 million, while Chicago Public Schools received $135 million, she said.
Mendoza's payment was aimed at helping schools after the state missed its first set of regularly scheduled payments for the 2017-18 academic year, which were due Thursday. Those checks are on hold until both chambers of the state legislature act on GOP Gov. Bruce Rauner's veto of a school funding overhaul bill. The Senate overrode Rauner's veto Sunday; the House is expected to convene Wednesday.
The $429 million comes in the form of categorical payments -- funding for special programs such as transportation and bilingual education -- that schools were owed last year. Those payments are part of a massive backlog of unpaid bills that piled up during the two-year budget standoff.
A first
The Democratic Governors Association pointed out that this is the first time in history that Illinois missed its deadline to make school funding payments.
Bidding for Fortner's seat
A DuPage County businessman with Democratic ties is making a bid for the state House seat left open by West Chicago Republican Mike Fortner. Nic Zito of Wayne is a Wayne Township trustee. He's also a business services director for economic development alliance Choose DuPage.
Another one!
Meanwhile, a perennial suburban candidate is joining the already crowded Democratic primary race for governor. Burr Ridge doctor Robert Marshall made an unsuccessful 1998 bid for Congress in the 3rd District, then an unsuccessful bid for U.S. Senate in 2010 and another in the 6th Congressional District Democratic primary last year.
Other Democratic candidates are state Rep. Scott Drury of Highwood, state Sen. Daniel Biss of Evanston, Madison County regional superintendent of schools Bob Daiber, community organizer Tio Hardiman of Chicago, Kenilworth businessman Chris Kennedy, Chicago Alderman Ameya Pawar and Chicago billionaire businessman J.B. Pritzker.
The defence today completed cross-examination of senior IPS officer Deven Bharti in a special court in connection with the 2012 Sheena Bora murder case in which former media baron Peter Mukerjea and his wife Indrani are the prime accused.
Bharti, currently Joint Commissioner of Police (Law and Order), Mumbai, was part of the probe before the case was transferred to the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI).
The IPS officer, who deposed before special court judge J C Jagdale, had yesterday told the court that Peter and Indrani had approached him in 2012 to trace the mobile phone location of a relative.
Bharti today told the court that a few days later, Peter and Indrani informed him that the relative had been found.
Replying to question posed by defence lawyers during the cross-examination, Bharti said Peter and Indrani never met him personally to find out the location of the said relative.
He also denied developing any friendship with them.
Bharti mentioned that he discussed the phone number provided by Indrani and Peter with police inspector Nitin Alakhnure, which appeared to be that of Sheena.
Alakhnure had been asked to trace the number.
Bharti, however, said he did not discuss this fact with other officials of the Khar police station.
The IPS officer said he presumed that Alakhnure might have discussed the facts with other officials.
He said Alaknure might have disclosed it (tracing the location of the relative of Peter and Indrani) to the CBI when they recorded his statement.
Bharti also said that even though he had visited Khar police station multiple times during the investigation of the murder case, he neither questioned any witness nor was he present during any interrogation.
Sheena (24), the daughter of prime accused Indrani Mukerjea from an earlier relationship, was allegedly killed in April 2012.
The crime came to light in August 2015 after Indrani's driver Shyamvar Rai, who was arrested in another case, revealed it.
Police subsequently arrested Indrani, her former husband Sanjeev Khanna and Peter Mukerjea.
The CBI, which took over the case from Mumbai Police, has claimed that a financial dispute was the reason behind the killing.
By Henry Umoru
ABUJA – THE fight between governor Yahaya Bello of Kogi State and Senator Dino Melaye, APC, Kogi West, has taken another dimension, as the Senator Monday alleged that the governor and the state's Police Command may have perfected plans to have him arrested over trump-up charges on gun running.
Dino Melaye, 3 others charged with illegal possession of firearms
According to Melaye, one of such plans would be that the governor will organise a press briefing by the state Police Commissioner any moment from Monday in Lokoja where a notorious criminal by the name Osama will be paraded.
In Melaye's WhatsApp post, Osama will thereafter name Melaye in front of the cameras as a gun supplier.
The statement said, “Given the faulty premise of recalling Senator Dino Melaye, they have realised that the exercise may fail and all attempts to have him arrested is not yielding fruits, hence they want to frame him up on gun running so that he will lose public sympathy which he enjoys now.”
On why Melaye is being framed up, it said that said Governor Bello was “seriously” infuriated by the lawmaker's recent comment on the floor of the Senate regarding the importation of military camouflage, boots and others by the governor.
“For daring to expose the governor on the importation of these dangerous items like military wares, they said he must face the music this time at all costs because the governor is seriously angry. So, a criminal in detention will be paraded to mention his name as a gun supplier. But I think this is laughable because the Senator is well known to all.”
Brian Flores/Flickr
It was bound to happen. With autonomous vehicles on the streets across the country, one of them—through computer error, supervisor carelessness, or a pedestrian's mistake—was going to hit someone.
On Monday morning, a self-driving Uber with a supervising driver struck and killed 49-year-old Elaine Herzberg as she tried to cross eight lanes of traffic in Tempe, Arizona.
Herzberg's death was the first recorded fatality caused by a self-driving car.
Much of the debate going forward will circle around the particulars of the accident—the design of the intersection near which Herzberg was killed, the viability of Uber's autonomous vehicle technology to detect pedestrians at night, the actions of the supervising engineer, and the fact that the victim was reportedly crossing the street outside the crosswalk.
More broadly, observers will be tempted to use the death as a data point to evaluate the safety record of AVs, which is both one of most promising long-term benefits of the technology and a present-day talking point of companies like Google's Waymo.
On the surface, after today, the results do not look good: Waymo claims to have driven more than 5 million miles, including 3.5 million on public roads. In September, Uber claimed to have done more than 1 million miles. The industry's other players are behind them, so it seems certain that AVs as a whole clocked fewer than 10 million public miles before recording a pedestrian fatality. Nationally, the rate is closer to one pedestrian fatality every 480 million miles traveled. If you include all auto deaths, the 2015 rate was one every 88 million miles. Reaching either marker would require a lot of safe driving for AVs right now.
But there are a few reasons that back-of-the-napkin comparison doesn't make a lot of sense. For one thing, when you're evaluating something that happens once every 88 million miles, 5 million to 10 million miles is not a big sample size. (Even Tesla's claim that its autopilot tech constituted a “statistically significant improvement in safety” after its first fatality was recorded after 130 million miles is not a huge sample size.) You'd need many more hundreds of millions of miles—or a few more fatalities—to establish an accurate sense of how often this is likely to happen.
And the calculation makes even less sense than that, because most of those miles have been performed with an engineer ready to take over. How often have human drivers taken the wheel? How many of those situations represent serious mistakes by the computer driving the car? What if human intervention makes a situation worse? All that introduces an uncomfortable amount of noise into the data that we do have.
Finally, fatality rates vary widely by age and especially by gender. Male drivers between the ages of 16 and 25 tend to be about five times as likely to die behind the wheel than women between the ages of 46 and 55. (Men are much, much worse drivers across the board.) They also vary geographically. Pedestrian mortality rates are more than four times higher in Florida than in Vermont. So the safety improvement we can expect from autonomous vehicles depends in part on where and how they are deployed, which drivers they are taking off the road, and at which times of day.
The gist is that we little have no idea how the current fleet of AVs compares, safetywise, to our existing (and fairly lousy, all things considered) crop of human drivers. If the technology were considerably more unsafe, we would probably have seen a few more crashes like the one that happened today in Tempe. But given the small sample size and complicating factors, it's hopeless to try to make a side-by-side statistical comparison.
What is true is that autonomous vehicles are likely to be better and safer than human drivers in the long term, and the sooner we make the transition away from human drivers, the more lives we will save on the road. The uncomfortable question we have to ask now is what kind of short-term cost we are willing to bear to help self-driving technology make that leap.
We caught a little teaser from Giro and Mammoth's Poachers Pipe event a couple of weeks back, and now that it's landed, the full blast of the official edit doesn't disappoint!
Based around a burly hip feature with extra quarterpipes either side (forming a sort of short double pipe), it's the latest in a list of great feats in snow shaping; offering the crew in attendance another end-of-season chance to throw burly stylish moves with the comp circuit done and dusted for the winter.
Needless to say, they pulled out all the bangers!
Edit featuring Giro riders: Brandon Davis, Darcy Sharpe, Gabe Ferguson, Maddie Mastro, Nils Mindnich & Sebbe De Buck
And guest poachers: Denver Orr, Kix Kamp, Scott Blum & Tyler Flanagan
People all over the country and here in the Southern Tier are wearing red as a powerful reminder of the real dangers heart disease poses for women.
A danger that Kimberly Quick knows first hand.
Quick never once thought she could have a heart problem, as the retired school administrative assistant did what she could to stay healthy.
“I didn't think that anything was wrong with me. I just did not think. I always walked, I watched my diet, I quit smoking.”
That's one reason why the 66-year-old didn't notice the subtle signs something wasn't right.
“As I was getting older, I was getting tired. I thought that was what was wrong with me. It was just getting old.”
Quick was surprised to learn she was born with a heart defect.
“They discovered my heart murmur. My primary care doctor discovered it, and she sent me to the cardiologist.”
Emergency testing would reveal she would need open-heart surgery.
“I was scared. I thought, this is it.”
The surgery was a success, as she shared today at the Wear Red event at UHS Vestal.
She says she tells her story to encourage other women to get their heart checked, and to not ignore the warning signs.
“Fatigue, shortness of breath, sometimes heaviness, but it doesn't have to be in the chest, it can be in the abdomen and the back, sometimes in the jaw. Anything that doesn't feel normal. Extreme fatigue is a lot of times a warning symptom.” - Kristen Lewis, Nurse Practitioner in Cardiology at UHS
Check-ups are especially important if heart disease runs in your family.
For Quick, she's just happy the defect was caught in time.
“If something is detected, please follow through and do what they tell you to do. I could not be here today. It's nice to be here.”
PHILADELPHIA (AP) — Pennsylvania's highest court on Tuesday ordered a judge to free rapper Meek Mill on bail while he appeals decade-old gun and drug convictions, following a five-month campaign by his supporters to get him out.
The Supreme Court directed a Philadelphia judge who had jailed him to immediately issue an order releasing him on unsecured bail, though it wasn't immediately clear how soon he would get out.
Mill was sentenced in November to 2-4 years in prison for probation violations.
Dozens of people gathered outside the prison near Philadelphia in hopes of seeing him walk free.
A team of lawyers and public relations consultants had waged an all-out battle to get him freed, leveling fierce criticism at the judge as a stream of high-powered figures and celebrities visited him in jail outside Philadelphia, including actor Kevin Hart just hours before the Supreme Court ruling.
Mill issued a statement saying the past months had been “a nightmare,” and thanked his many supporters and visitors, who included Philadelphia Mayor Jim Kenney and New England Patriots owner Robert Kraft.
“Although I'm blessed to have the resources to fight this unjust situation, I understand that many people of color across the country don't have that luxury and I plan to use my platform to shine a light on those issues,” Mill said.
He said he would now focus his attention on getting his convictions overturned, and that he looks forward to resuming his music career.
Earlier this month, in a major victory for Mill, prosecutors said they agreed with his lawyers that he should get a new trial because of questions raised about the arresting officer. The now-retired officer was among a list of police officers the prosecutor's office has sought to keep off the witness stand in cases across the city because of credibility questions.
A spokesman for District Attorney Larry Krasner said late Tuesday that the Supreme Court's decision on Meek Mill's release was consistent with the position taken by their office.
Mill's attorney, Joe Tacopina, thanked the high court.
“Meek was unjustly convicted and should not have spent a single day in jail,” Tacopina said.
In an opinion earlier this month, Judge Genece Brinkley, who sent Mill to prison for the probation violations, strongly defended herself against accusations by the defense she was waging a vendetta against the rapper. She said the court “has impartially and without prejudice presided over numerous proceedings in this matter since 2008.”
The Supreme Court denied a defense request to move the case to another judge, but said the presiding judge could opt to remove herself.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
After soaring to $4,000 on exchange markets over the weekend, the bitcoin cryptocurrency is continuing to rise, topping a record $4,300 on Monday — nearly a thousand dollars above its rate one week ago, according to data from the Coinbase currency exchange.
Bitcoin settled back under the $4,300 mark after reaching a new high Monday morning, according to several exchanges that track the decentralized currency.
"The bitcoin market cap soared past $70 billion," says CryptoCoins News, adding that a "flippening" that has been anticipated for years in the cryptocurrency community had finally come to pass, as "bitcoin now has a greater total valuation than payment-processing behemoth PayPal."
A bitcoin could be bought for around $570 just 12 months ago — reflecting a rise of around 645 percent to today's exchange rate.
Reporting on the rise, the Coindesk site says the market capitalization of all cryptocurrencies reached a record $138 billion on Monday.
The steep ascent can be attributed to a number of factors, from political concerns to a recent split into two currencies — Bitcoin Classic and Bitcoin Cash. That change, which became official on Aug. 1, was made to give the currency a more robust infrastructure; it was also tied to a move to allow large trades in the currency to occur more frequently.
Formally introduced in 2009, bitcoin has steadily accumulated both users and investors. And blockchain, the technology that underlies bitcoin, has been embraced by both academics and banking giants such as Fidelity — which now lets customers tracks investments in cryptocurrency — and Goldman Sachs.
Other factors, such as bitcoin's role as a hedge against political uncertainty, also play a role. A finance executive tells CNBC that South Koreans have shown a "surge of interest" in the currency as the U.S. and North Korea trade threats. The network also says there's strong interest in bitcoin in Japan, with the yen accounting for 42 percent of bitcoin currency purchases.
It's been a heady summer for bitcoin holders. After the virtual currency hit a record $2,420 in May, The Economist ran a story asking, "What if the bitcoin bubble bursts?" and wondering if its rise could be compared to historic market crazes — like the one over tulips.
Noting that "Anyone clever or lucky enough to have bought $1,000 of bitcoins in July 2010, when the price stood at $0.05, would now have a stash worth $46 million," The Economist added, "Ascents this steep are rarely sustainable." — before concluding, "If there is such a thing as a healthy bubble, this is it."
by
The paintings of local well-known artist Terry Wolf will be featured at Heron Point during the month of May. Wolf works in many mediums but says “watercolor, pastels, egg tempera and water gilding are most suited to express my ideas.” He paints in Maine and Maryland and has studied with John Dehlinger and Henry Peacock. He also studied “The Art in Painting” at the Barnes Foundation for three years. He will return to the Brandywine River Museum in Chadds Ford, Pennsylvania this spring and summer to demonstrate egg tempera painting in celebration of Andrew Wyeth's 100th birthday celebration.
The paintings may be viewed daily from 10am until 5pm. A reception honoring Terry Wolf and his work will be held at Heron Point, 501 E. Campus Avenue on Saturday, May 6th, from 2 until 4pm. All are welcome.
03/19/18 – 5:45 P.M.
Findlay Rotary Club learned more about the levy for Hancock County Jobs and Family Services Monday. Executive director Diana Hoover explained that they need the money.
Diana Hoover
Hoover said that the money is just for providing services.
Diana Hoover
The levy will generate around $1.2 million per year. Hoover explained that it will cost $42 for every $100,000 evaluation on a home.
Willie Mullins has no plans to supplement Yorkhill for the Stan James Champion Hurdle at next month's Cheltenham Festival.
Winner of the Neptune Novices' Hurdle last March, Yorkhill embarked on his novice chase career this season, making a successful debut at Fairyhouse in December before following up when switched to Grade Three company at Leopardstown last time.
Mullins has lost his leading Champion Hurdle contenders Faugheen and Annie Power to injury in recent weeks, but he has no intention of supplementing Yorkhill for the highlight of the opening day at this stage.
"I'm happy to keep him over fences," Mullins told the Irish Times.
"It's his novice year. We could seriously have a think about putting him back over hurdles next season if we want to. But at the moment we're not thinking like that.
"At the moment the Champion Hurdle is not part of our plan."
This has turned into a dream half for the United States, as Jozy Altidore has his second goal of the night in the 43rd minute, floating in a penalty awarded by Roberto Garcia for a foul against Bobby Wood. The Americans lead Panama 3-0 at halftime.
Football #WCQ: Altidore Panenka penalty makes it 3-0 to the USA in the crunch match vs Panama ⚽ pic.twitter.com/wC7IoBP6jH — Emlyn Hughes (@radarguruf1) October 7, 2017
The tactic is a trait for Altidore, who has done this for Toronto FC as well.
HabsWorld.net --
Although he underachieved considerably this season and has a pricey cap hit, there's still a case to be made that Tomas Plekanec is worth protecting from the Expansion Draft.
I'm not going to make the case based on being loyal to a veteran player who has been loyal to the team that drafted him back in 2001. Loyalty is great but with the cap starting to flatten out, teams have to make hard decisions, no matter how good of a soldier a player has been.
Instead, I'm going to argue a somewhat sad but largely indisputable point – losing Plekanec makes an already woefully weak group of centres a lot worse. It doesn't seem like Alex Galchenyuk is going to be given another shot down the middle so that would leave Montreal with Phillip Danault, Torrey Mitchell, and youngsters that have either faltered or have shown they're not ready for full-time NHL action.
Believe me, I know the cap implications if Plekanec were to be selected by Vegas. $6 million in extra room is a lot to work with. However, what's out there in free agency? Joe Thornton is the top option and it's hard to imagine him coming to Montreal. Martin Hanzal is set to get a terrible overpayment from someone and is a 2/3 like Plekanec. Nick Bonino is also heading for a nice pay day but will his offensive production carry over away from Pittsburgh? These two won't get $6 million but allotting a big chunk of that to one of them won't exactly move the needle much (and would cost them beyond next season as well). Those are the best free agents out there and they won't exactly fix things.
I'm also not convinced that Plekanec can't at least rebound somewhat from his nightmarish season. He's not going to magically hit 60 points again but I wouldn't write off something in the high 30's to low 40's as being unrealistic. Even with that contract, someone capable of putting up that type of production while being good in his own end is a tough player to lose for free.
There's also the trade route. Although this season was one to forget, I'd find it hard to believe that there's no trade market for him. Plekanec's value is far from at its peak but given how bad the centre market is in free agency, there would be teams willing to take a one year flyer. There's value in ensuring that's still an option as well.
In terms of finding room for him on the list of seven forwards, it wouldn't necessarily have to be a youngster like Charles Hudon or Jacob de la Rose that comes off either. Is Andrew Shaw for another half-decade at $3.9 million going to excite the Golden Knights? It would be hard to see them make that type of commitment and if they did, that would do a lot more in terms of freeing up money long-term anyways.
With all this said, I don't expect the Habs to have Plekanec on their protected list when it's submitted this weekend. But I doubt it's an automatic that they'll unprotect him like some may think. Plekanec still fills a fairly important role on this team, one that won't be easy to replace in free agency, even with the extra money freed up. With how weak they are down the middle, making that spot even weaker may not be the best route to take.
Almost two years after Colin Kaepernick knelled for the National Anthem, he can't get signed to an NFL team. However, some celebs appear to have his back. And it looks like Jesse Williams is the latest star to put his money where his seat is and sat down during the singing of the anthem at the BIG3 basketball game on August 13, in response to the violence going on Charlottesville, Virginia
During the anthem, the Grey's Anatomy star posted a video on social media while parked in seat, with the caption, “We'll stand when you do,” — which many people believe is aimed at Donald Trump. You may recall that the normally outspoken head of state was pretty quiet on Saturday when the white supremacists attacked innocent people in Virginia.
📸 | Jesse Williams attends the BIG3 at Staples Center. [August, 13th] pic.twitter.com/gyv62LmKSH — JesseWilliamsOnline (@JWilliamsCrew) August 14, 2017
Williams isn't the only star to follow in Kaepernick's brave steps. NFL star Marshawn Lynch also sat out the National Anthem this weekend during a pre-season game with the Oakland Raiders. Kudos to those standing by Kaepernick. They are showing more support than the NFL!
Before it was chosen as the breakaway favorite photobook from 2017, Sanne De Wilde's project “The Island of the Colorblind” was one of the most popular exhibitions in Arles this past summer. Her instantly memorable photo story focuses on the island of Pingelap, an atoll in the Pacific Ocean with less than 300 permanent residents. Many of the people living on Pingelap have achromatopsia, or color blindness—and those with complete achromatopsia are unable to see any color at all. Their vision is completely overrun with shades of black, white and grey.
This phenomenon is fertile ground for a photographic investigation, and De Wilde's resulting project received worldwide acclaim for its nuanced, empathetic, and thoughtful examination of the island and its people. The LensCulture team caught up with De Wilde at her exhibition in the south of France, a unique and immersive experience that displayed photographs alongside an interactive section which gave visitors a glimpse into the vision of someone with achromatopsia. Visit the exhibition and hear De Wilde speak more about her passion in this video interview—
The project contains three distinct series: in the first, De Wilde shot with a digital camera and then converted the images to black-and-white in Photoshop. In the second, she returned with a camera converted to infrared. In the third, De Wilde asked achromats (those with color blindness) to paint color back onto her original black-and-white images. Throughout the course of the project, De Wilde discovered that achromats can “see,” or distinguish, the color red more than any other color, and she built this realization into her series: washes of soft pink, deep magenta, and bright lilac suffuse her work.
De Wilde aims to help people without achromatopsia release their grip on what the world “should” look like and sink into “a new, colorful reality that is actually created by people that don't see color.” Learn more about this remarkable project in the interview above.
—Coralie Kraft
This interview was filmed during Sanne De Wilde's exhibition in Arles last summer. If you'd like to learn more about Sanne's work, you can explore one of her earlier series, Snow White, or read the critics' review of her photobook, The Island of the Colorblind.
THUNDER BAY, Ont. — Police in Thunder Bay, Ont., are appealing for witnesses to an assault to come forward after video of the incident was shared on social media.
Investigators say the cellphone video shows a male striking a female, but the time and date of the incident are not known.
They say it's believed the incident occurred in the vicinity of Water and Camelot streets.
Police say they are appealing to those who witnessed the incident to come forward and provide investigators with more information.
Image copyright Getty Images
There has been much talk about whether more of a "postcode lottery" has opened up for NHS patients.
Recent revelations about IVF provision, highlighting major variations around England and more extensive care in Scotland and Wales, added to the debate.
Financial pressures have led some local health commissioners to restrict what services they offer patients.
Now a new analysis of publicly available data reveals diverging trends in England for a range of procedures, including colonoscopy and hip operations. The research has been carried out by the Medical Technology Group, an organisation with members including research charities and product suppliers.
Ministers have called for more transparency to allow patients to make their own judgements on the quality of care offered by the NHS in their local area. The report authors argue that there are "huge amounts of data" online and it can be difficult for people to get an overview on how their local clinical commissioning group is performing. They use sources including the NHS Atlas of Variation to highlight what they argue are "huge " levels of variation which are "unacceptable".
Examples quoted include two neighbouring commissioning groups in the south of England with very different outcomes for CT colonoscopies - an important procedure for diagnosing or giving the "all clear" for bower cancer. In one of the areas, only one patient per 100,000 of population was referred for the procedure, while nearby it was 590 patients per 100,000.
There is wide variation in the number of hip replacements in different areas - with one referring more than 200 patients per 100,000 residents for operations and another seeing fewer than 100 treated overall.
Image copyright Science Photo Library
The research suggests that patients in some parts of the North of England are receiving more timely treatment than their counterparts in the South. Commissioning groups in London and the South East scored the lowest marks.
Demography explains some of the variations - the number of elderly patients is an important consideration, for example. Some local health economies might be better than others at treating people out of hospital and keeping down the numbers referred for hospital treatment. Even so, the report authors argue that the range of outcomes is hard to explain. They say NHS England should step in if there is evidence that local commissioning policies have reduced the number of people receiving treatment and there should be a tribunal mechanism if people question those policies.
NHS England said the data had all been previously published and there were efforts to help local areas identify which treatment differences were linked to local need. NHS Clinical Commissioners, representing local health groups, said they were working to understand where variation might be unwarranted. A spokesperson added that there were rising financial pressures and local health leaders were having to "make increasingly hard decisions to make sure that they provide the patients and the populations they serve with the best possible healthcare within the overall resources they have."
The postcode lottery debate goes back many years. What's relatively new is the range of data available for those who can dig it out. The fragmented nature of the NHS in England with local commissioners making their own decisions on what to offer patients has accelerated the trend.
A federal court backed Pennsylvania's redrawn congressional voting map, making it likely that borders friendlier to Democrats will be in place for the midterm election as the party seeks to retake the U.S. House.
A panel of three federal judges on Monday denied a request from eight Republican congressmen and state politicians who sought to block the implementation of the revised map, which Pennsylvania's highest court drew up after ruling the earlier borders had been put in place to favor Republicans. The Pennsylvania court had said the previous map violated the state constitution.
The panel said that it can't grant the "extraordinary remedy" of blocking the state from conducting the 2018 election cycle in accordance with the Pennsylvania Supreme Court's replacement map and use the 2011 map that was deemed to violate the constitution.
"The plaintiffs invite us to opine on the appropriate balance of power between the Commonwealth's legislature and judiciary in redistricting matters, and then to pass judgment on the propriety of the Pennsylvania Supreme Court's actions under the United States Constitution," the panel said. "These are things that, on the present record, we cannot do."
Pennsylvania High Court Orders Congressional Districts Redrawn
It's unclear if there will be an appeal.
The Supreme Court is weighing a request by Pennsylvania Republicans to block the state court ruling and reinstate the previous map. Justice Samuel Alito rejected without comment an earlier Republican request in the case on Feb. 5, triggering the last-ditch suit in federal court.
The updated Pennsylvania map could give Democrats a boost as they seek to take control of the House in the November election. Republicans hold 13 of the 18 Pennsylvania seats after taking 54.1 percent of the vote in 2016.
Associated Press
YORK, Pa. — A golf club in Pennsylvania has apologized for calling police on a group of black women after the co-owner and his father said they were playing too slowly and refused requests to leave the course.
“I felt we were discriminated against,” one of the women, Myneca Ojo, told the York Daily Record. “It was a horrific experience.”
Sandra Thompson and four friends met up Saturday to play a round of golf at the Grandview Golf Club, where they are all members, she told the newspaper.
At the second hole, a white man whose son co-owns the club came up to them twice to complain that they weren't keeping up with the pace of play. Thompson, an attorney and the head of the York chapter of the NAACP, told the newspaper it was untrue.
On the same hole, another member of the group, Sandra Harrison, said she spoke with a Grandview golf pro, who said they were fine since they were keeping pace with the group ahead of them.
Despite that, the women skipped the third hole to avoid any other issues, she said.
It's part of golf etiquette that slow-moving players let groups behind them play through if they are holding things up, and often golf courses have personnel who monitor the pace of play, letting golfers know when they are taking too long.
The five are part of a larger group of local women known as Sisters in the Fairway. The group has been around for at least a decade, and all of its members are experienced players who have golfed all over the county and world, Thompson said. They're very familiar with golf etiquette, she said.
After the ninth hole, where it is customary to take a break before continuing on the next nine holes, three of the group decided to leave because they were so shaken up by the earlier treatment, the women told the paper.
Thompson said the man from the second hole, identified as former York County Commissioner Steve Chronister, his son, club co-owner Jordan Chronister and several other white, male employees approached the remaining two women and said they took too long of a break and they needed to leave the course.
The women argued they took an appropriate break, and that the men behind them were still on their beer break and not ready to tee off, as seen in a video Thompson gave the newspaper. The women were told that the police had been called, and so they waited.
Northern York County Regional Police arrived, conducted interviews and left without charging anyone.
“We were called there for an issue, the issue did not warrant any charges,” Northern York County Regional Police Chief Mark Bentzel said. “All parties left and we left as well.”
A phone listing for Steve Chronister rang busy on Monday. He told the York Daily Record he didn't have time to comment on Sunday.
Jordan Chronister's wife and co-owner of the club, JJ Chronister, said Sunday she called the women personally to apologize.
“We sincerely apologize to the women for making them feel uncomfortable here at Grandview, that is not our intention in any way,” she told the newspaper. “We want all of our members to feel valued and that they can come out here and have a great time, play golf and enjoy the experience.”
She said she hopes to meet with them to discuss how the club can use what happened as a learning experience and do better in the future.
Thompson said she's not sure a meeting is what needs to happen.
“There needs to be something more substantial to understand they don't treat people in this manner,” she said.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
AUSTIN, TX--(Marketwired - October 06, 2017) - Yellowstone Landscape is one of the country's largest commercial landscaping firms, with locations across six Southern states. The newly opened Austin branch provides commercial landscape maintenance and enhancement services, including irrigation system management and exterior pest control, as well as commercial landscape installation and tree care services.
Yellowstone Landscape CEO, Tim Portland, said of the expansion, "We've been targeting an expansion into Austin for a number of years now. We're extremely proud of our longstanding client relationships in the greater Houston area. Many of our clients also own or manage properties in Austin, and have been asking us to provide services for those properties as well. We're looking forward to doing so and to building new client and service relationships in Austin for many years to come."
Yellowstone Landscape's Austin location will be led by Jeremy Sutton. Mr. Sutton holds a bachelor's degree from Texas A&M University, and comes to the company with significant experience in management of large scale commercial landscaping operations in the greater Austin area. Yellowstone's Austin operations are located at 1209 West Anderson Lane, Austin, TX 78757. Local candidates with landscape maintenance experience are encouraged to apply in person, or send their resume to careers@yellowstonelandscape.com.
About Yellowstone Landscape
Yellowstone Landscape is a full service commercial landscaping company, committed to delivering professional landscape services including Landscape Design, Landscape Installation, Landscape Maintenance, Irrigation Installation and Repair, and Tree Care Services. Founded in 2008, and headquartered in Palm Coast, Florida, Yellowstone Landscape currently serves community associations, local municipal governments, resorts, commercial properties, apartment communities, and corporate, educational, and healthcare campuses from its branch facilities in Florida, Georgia, New Mexico, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Texas. More information about Yellowstone Landscape may be found at www.yellowstonelandscape.com.
A screenshot from the Channel 4 video with Alex Nix, CEO of Cambridge Analytica, his colleagues, and an undercover reporter. Channel 4 screenshot
Cambridge Analytica, the political-data firm hired by the Trump campaign that's been implicated in a scandal involving the illegitimate harvesting of more than 50 million Facebook user profiles, did not improve its public standing Monday. That's because Britain's Channel 4 posted a video showing Cambridge Analytica CEO Alexander Nix describing a series of salacious and corrupt tactics for hire to a reporter pretending to be a fixer for a client who wanted to influence elections in Sri Lanka.
When asked about digging up opposition research on another candidate, Nix reportedly offered to “send some girls around to the candidate's house,” specifically Ukrainian girls, whom Nix said “are very beautiful, I find that works very well.” That wasn't the only staged scandal Nix offered to set up for the prospective client. “We'll offer a large amount of money to the candidate, to finance his campaign in exchange for land for instance,” he told the reporter. “We'll have the whole thing recorded; we'll blank out the face of our guy and we post it on the internet.”
In the video, Nix is joined by his colleagues Max Turnbull, the managing director of CA Political Global (an arm of Cambridge Analytica), and the company's chief data officer, Alex Tayler. They described working on more than 200 elections, often “in the shadows,” as Nix put it in one exchange. The team then went into detail about how the incendiary information they collect and sometimes stage is then weaponized in a political campaign.
“We just put information into the bloodstream of the internet, and then, and then watch it grow, give it a little push every now and again … like a remote control,” said Turnbull. “It has to happen without anyone thinking, ‘That's propaganda,' because the moment you think ‘that's propaganda,' the next question is, ‘Who's put that out?' ” The undercover investigation occurred between November 2017 and January 2018, according to Channel 4.
Watch the video from Channel 4 of their reporter meeting with officials from Cambridge Analytica:
This news comes days after Facebook shared that it had suspended the account of Cambridge Analytica, as well as the account a Russian-American psychology professor at the University of Cambridge named Aleksandr Kogan, who was contracted by Cambridge Analytica to build a Facebook personality survey app called “thisisyourdigitiallife” that was used to mine the personal information of the roughly 270,000 respondents who took the quiz. At the time, Facebook's developer policies allowed app-makers to collect user data not just from those who gave permission to app to do so but also from their friends. And people on Facebook may have hundreds or even thousands of friends, which was likely how Cambridge Analytica was able to reportedly collect data on about 50 million Facebook users.
Facebook says that although it permitted the data collection at the time, Kogan wasn't permitted to share the data he harvested with Cambridge Analytica and sent a request to Kogan and Cambridge Analytica to destroy the wrongfully shared user data back in 2015. Although the social media company says it got confirmation of the deletions, it recently learned that didn't actually happen. The New York Times reports its journalists saw a portion of the data that at least recently still existed.
Cambridge Analytica claims on its website that it's able to create psychological profiles to “effectively engage and persuade voters using specially tailored language and visual ad combinations” that appeal to each person on an emotional level,” and that the company has “up to 5,000 data points on over 230 million American voters.” It's not clear where, besides Facebook, the company gets its voter data.
Facebook knew about Cambridge Analytica's holding of targeted user data back in 2015, when the Guardian reported that the then-presidential contender Ted Cruz, who was a client of Cambridge Analytica, was targeting voters using data harvested from tens of millions of Facebook users without their knowledge with the data firm's help. Facebook confirmed in August 2016 that data from Kogan's app collected and misused data from the company and that Facebook was taking efforts to delete it. Still, Facebook didn't alert Facebook users, and now the company actually employs one of Kogan's associates, Joseph Chancellor, who worked with the Cambridge professor to start Global Science Research, the company that Kogan used to contract with Cambridge Analytica.
Politicians from both sides of the aisle now are calling for Facebook's CEO Mark Zuckerberg to testify to Congress about his company's data-collection practices and how Russian operatives, as well as U.S. candidates' campaign operatives, instrumentalized the platform and wrongfully collected user data from Facebook to manipulate voters.
And now, with footage of Cambridge Analytica's CEO describing shady, potentially illegal tactics, in other political campaigns, anyone with even the loosest ties to the company's work should brace for more scrutiny, too.
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
Mexico needs help to resist assault on free trade from US
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
3rd Degree resident photog Matthew Visinsky is back with his excellent game photos from the FC Dallas match this weekend against Seattle Sounders.
I pulled five of his photos for you to see here (one above, four below), you can check out the rest of his excellent work here.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The 10-year-old boy from Reading who died after an incident involving a store barrier in Tophshop has been named.
Kaden Reddick died at Royal Berkshire Hospital on Monday, February 13 after suffering serious head injuries at the store in The Oracle at around 4.15pm.
Police say the schoolboy was injured during an incident involving a store barrier, but detectives are still trying to work out what happened.
An inquest into his death has not yet been opened but a spokeswoman for the Berkshire coroner's office said the case is "still under investigation".
Police and Reading Borough Council health and safety officers have been carrying out an investigation at the clothes store.
A spokesperson for Hammerson, which owns The Oracle, said: "It is with great sadness that we learned a child had passed away in hospital on Monday evening as a result of injuries sustained in an incident at Topshop in the centre.
"Our thoughts are with the family at this tragic time. We are assisting the police, local authority and the retailer with their investigations into the incident."
The boy's family is being supported by specially trained police officers.
Jersey Shore is officially back! MTV has just released the first official teaser trailer for the hit reality show's reunion special, titled Reunion Road Trip: Return to the Jersey Shore.
In the short clip, Mike “The Situation” Sorrentino and Nicole “Snooki” Polizzi are seen picking up Paul “Pauly D” DelVecchio as the three make their way back to the beachside house that made them famous. In a surprising revelation, The Situation explained how even though he and Pauly were boys in the house, they haven't spoken in five years.
It's not expected that this reunion will be for a full season, and just a one-off reunion, but one noticeable absentee will be original member Ronnie Ortiz-Magro, who declined to appear on the special.
Reunion Road Trip: Return to the Jersey Shore is scheduled to air August 20 at 8:30, and is set to focus on “relationships, recent press, behind-the-scenes moments, and the legacy that Jersey Shore has left on an entire generation of MTV viewers.”
Via Elite Daily
Follow JT on Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter
The beaches in San Diego's South County near the Tijuana Slough National Wildlife Refuge and Border Field State Park are reopening after being closed since fall 2017 after sewage spilled through the Tijuana River. Environmental health officials have now deemed the water safe. (Published Friday, Feb. 2, 2018)
South County beaches reopened Thursday after the Department of Environmental Health lifted a water contact closure that was caused by recent rains.
Shorelines from the south end of Seacoast Drive to the International Border were affected by the closure, particularly the Tijuana Slough National Wildlife Refuge and Border State Park shorelines, according to the DEH.
Water testing in the area confirmed sewage contamination from the Tijuana River is no longer impacting those beaches.
According to the County News Center, rainstorms can cause "urban runoff," which washes pollution from nearby lands, streets, roads and homes toward the coast. The runoff may contain animal waste, soil and decomposing vegetation, which increases the bacteria level in the water.
There are currently beach advisories issued for the Coronado Bay, the San Diego Bay, Ocean Beach and La Jolla.
Updates on beach closures and advisories can be found at www.sdbeachinfo.com.
Dawn Patrol: 2 killed in Algonquin head-on crash; Senate overrides Rauner
hello
Senate overrides Rauner's veto of school funding plan
The Illinois Senate voted 38-19 yesterday to override Republican Gov. Bruce Rauner's amendatory veto of a bill to reform the state's school funding formula. Some suburban lawmakers said Senate Bill 1, a Democratic plan passed by the legislature in May, is the most equitable way to distribute state money to schools. Others backed Rauner's funding plan, which reduces the amount of money given to Chicago Public Schools and gives more to hundreds of other districts statewide. Full story with how suburban lawmakers voted.
Two women killed in Algonquin crash
Two Algonquin women were killed yesterday afternoon in a three-vehicle crash that shut down Route 62 for several hours, authorities said. A car was heading east at 3:12 p.m. when it crossed the centerline and hit two oncoming vehicles. Autopsies are scheduled today for the two women, who have not been identified. Full story.
At least 2 Aurora men shot dead at Wisconsin auto racing event
A Wisconsin sheriff says three men were shot and killed during an auto racing event yesterday, at least two of those men from Aurora. The three men were said to be shot by another man at point-blank range near a food vendor. Full story.
Man stabbed to death outside St. Charles Township home
Kane County authorities are investigating the fatal stabbing of a 60-year-old man outside a St. Charles Township home. Sheriff's deputies responded about 1:15 a.m. yesterday to a report of a person screaming for help and found the man lying on the ground with apparent stab wounds. Police arrested a man who was outside the residence, but no charges had been filed as of yesterday afternoon. Full story.
Suburbs welcome wounded vets on 500-mile trek
More than 100 wounded military veterans on a 500-mile cycling trek joined the Project Hero 2017 Barrington Honor Ride yesterday at the Barrington Hills Park District Riding Center. This year's event raised more than $30,000 for Honor Ride, a national nonprofit organization that helps veterans and first responders affected by injury, post-traumatic stress disorder and traumatic brain injury. Full story.
Man found dead outside Buffalo Grove apartments
Authorities are investigating the death of a man whose body was found yesterday morning outside a Buffalo Grove apartment building. Buffalo Grove police, who are working with the Lake County Major Crimes Task Force, do not believe the public is in danger. Full story.
Gurnee-based cheerleading group invited to Macy's parade struggle to pay for trip
A competitive suburban cheerleading team has been invited to perform in the annual Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade in New York City, but the anticipated expense of the trip could jeopardize its participation. Members of the Gurnee-based Cheer & Dance Xtreme senior level team have until Sept. 15 to come up with an estimated $2,500 each to cover costs for airline tickets, hotel rooms and meals for the November holiday performance. Full story.
Arrieta, Cubs shut door on Arizona
Jake Arrieta won consecutive starts for the first time since early April, Javier Baez and Ian Happ hit consecutive home runs in the eighth inning and the Chicago Cubs beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 7-2 yesterday. Full story.
Gregor: White Sox's Abreu is one of AL's most underrated players
Chicago White Sox first baseman Jose Abreu is having another productive year with the bat -- not that anyone is really noticing, writes beat writer Scot Gregor. In his fourth season with the Sox, Abreu is one of the most underrated players in the American League. Read his full take here.
MANILA: A war on drugs in the Philippines has given rise to a culture of impunity and President Rodrigo Duterte is making too many policy decisions without consultation, according to former leader Fidel Ramos.
Ramos, who backed Duterte's election campaign but has since become one of his bluntest critics, said there was “too much unilateralism” in the administration, especially on law enforcement and security issues.
More than 7,600 people have been killed during a merciless drugs crackdown that started seven months ago. That includes more than 2,500 in police operations.
Ramos was asked during an interview on Sunday with online news channel Rappler whether the bloodshed during the drugs war meant a culture of impunity was prevailing.
“It is starting to become like that,” Ramos said.
He said he felt hesitant to call it a culture of impunity because he believed it was not too late to change, but that the onus was on Duterte.
“Based on the guidance from the very top, there could be positive change [in] the way we do things in this country,” Ramos said.
Police operations were suspended on January 31 after a South Korean businessman was murdered by rogue drugs squad officers.
The Philippine Drug Enforcement Agency (PDEA) has since taken over the lead role and Duterte wants the military to join raids.
Ramos, president from 1992-1998, disagrees with that because he said troops and police were trained differently.
“Police work, which is a little different from military operations, does follow its basic rule of engagement, which is your shoot to disable, but not to kill,” he said.
The senior statesman is among the few Filipinos able to criticise Duterte without incurring his trademark wrath.
He previously said Duterte's drugs obsession distracted him from pressing issues and expressed bemusement at his hostility to ally the United States.
Ramos also said on Sunday Duterte was not talking to his Cabinet on issues such as ties with China and the United States, and peace talks with Muslim insurgents and communist rebels.
“The way it is, there is a lack of consultation,” he said.
“Not just with his active commanders, maybe not even with the Cabinet members concerned, but also with the rest of the citizenry,” Ramos said.
Duterte's spokesman Ernesto Abella did not respond immediately to a request for comment on Monday.
Abella said in a radio interview Duterte listens to Ramos's opinions but was a different kind of leader.
Boudreau: 'I Want To Win More Than Any Human On The Planet'Boudreau is well aware of his reputation -- do well in the regular season, falter in the postseason. He's also well aware that at this juncture there's not a whole lot he can do about it, except keep trying hard.
1:40
A look back at SLO startup Shopatron, as Kibo announces local layoffs
2:06
How Pacific Coast Lumber of SLO gives dead trees new life in people's homes
1:35
India successfully test-fires Missile Agni-IV with striking range of 4,000 km from Odisha coast
Balasore: Missile Agni-IV with a striking range of 4,000 km test-fired from Kalam Island off Odisha coast at 11.50 am. the surface-to-surface missile was flight tested from launch complex-4 of the Integrated Test Range (ITR) at Dr Abdul Kalam Island, formerly known as Wheeler Island, at about 11.55 hours, Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) .
This was the 6th trial of the indigenously developed Agni-IV missile which met the mission objectives. The Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) developed the missile, which is 20 metres long and weighs 17 tonnes. Both its stages are powered by solid propellants.
Agni-IV had been launched five times earlier in 2011, 2012, twice in 2014 and once in 2015. All the five were missions were successful.
The family of a slain Florida man killed by a police deputy raised questions about the lethal brute force used in a fatal shooting Wednesday.
An investigation is underway after body camera and security footage showed the last moments before Jean Pedro Pierre, 42, of Lauderdale Lakes, Florida, was killed by a Broward County Sheriff's Office deputy at an apartment complex last week, CBS Miami reported. Pierre, who is Black, had a physical confrontation with a deputy who responded to a disturbance. The man had a history of medical problems, including mental illness, that was unknown to cops during the struggle that ended in his death when a second deputy arrived and fired fatal shots, his daughter, Shania, said.
“I know my dad didn't mean it,” she told CBS4's Carey Codd. “He didn't mean it at all. My dad, he had a mental health issue that nobody knew about and I wish the police knew about it before killing him.”
Florida deputy caught on video fatally shooting a man prompts investigation https://t.co/tiyghEEccP — New York Daily News (@NYDailyNews) December 11, 2017
The struggle began after Pierre confronted the deputy Sean Youngward who entered an apartment on the property, the video revealed. Pierre and the officer exchanged words inside the apartment before a violent fight ensued between them that moved to the complex's courtyard. A taser was used by the deputy to subdue Pierre, to no avail. A second deputy, Steven Briggs arrived on the scene to break up the confrontation and told Pierre to put his “hands up” and “get down.” Pierre didn't respond to the second deputy's commands and acted aggressively in pursuing the first deputy, according to video footage. The struggle ended with the second deputy firing off three shots at Pierre, who fell to the ground in the parking lot at the Sunset Hills condominium.
Footage of the fight turned deadly was released in an effort to quell “rumors and dispel speculation about the shooting on social media and to give an unvarnished view of what happened,” Broward Sheriff Scott Israel said Friday. The deputy who fired the fatal bullets “could not allow himself to get into a struggle over his weapon,” Israel also said. Both deputies have been placed on administrative leave per department policy, according to the Miami Herald.
Pierre's family believes the cops' video footage misrepresents the man, who was a father of five, an entrepreneur and former political candidate in Haiti. They commended the first deputy for showing restraint in dealing with Pierre. However, they wish that the deputy who killed Pierre would have tried alternative methods to subdue him, not resorting to excessively lethal force. Avoiding brute force would have prevented the tragedy and kept Pierre alive, they said.
“They didn't have to kill him at all,” Ralph Fenelon, Pierre's son. “They had tasers, they had other weapons. They didn't have to shoot him.”
SOURCE: CBS Miami, Miami Herald
SEE ALSO:
Videos Show Chaos During Fatal Police Shooting Of Joshua Beal In Chicago
Alfred Olango Suffered From ‘Mental Breakdown' During Fatal Police Shooting, His Family Claims
Police are on the lookout for a man who's been missing for months.
Seventy-two-year-old Albert Bosco vanished from Marathon without a trace.
He hasn't been seen or heard from since his daughter reported him missing in September.
Detectives said they found the boat he lived on but no sign of Bosco.
Anyone who has seen Bosco is urged to call the Monroe County Sheriff's Office at 305-289-2351.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
NEW HAVEN, Conn. — Two men suspected of a carjacking in Connecticut were killed when the stolen car crashed into a synagogue following a police chase.
New Haven police say the two suspects claimed to have a handgun and took the victim's 2005 Toyota Highlander around 12:15 a.m. Monday. The victim was not injured.
A little more than an hour later, an officer spotted the stolen car, called for backup, and began pursuing the suspects.
The stolen car crashed into the Congregation Beth El Keser Synagogue.
The suspects' names have not been released. New Haven police say the investigation has been turned over to the Connecticut State Police and the state's attorney's office.
MACON, Georgia (41NBC/WMGT) – Another art project is popping up in downtown Macon. It's all part of the Macon Arts Alliance's East to West Art Walk project. Eighteen year old Asad Thomas is working on a mural outside of the former Tubman Museum.
The mural features three birds leading people to east Macon. Thomas is using charcoal to paint the birds. He says he's honored to have been chosen by the arts alliance to participate in the project.
“I mean, you have a lot of great artists in Macon,” said Thomas. “But not everybody has the chance to put it on display.”
Thomas hopes to be done by the end of the week. Just in time for the east to west art walk Saturday, April 22nd. This isn't Thomas' first mural, he painted a wall at the Frank Johnson Center.
With the epic failures of Android lines such as the Galaxy, it seemed like the path was clear for the iPhone to re-establish its dominance over the smartphone industry. But when Google announced it was releasing its Pixel smartphone, consumers deci...
Cowlitz County, Washington – A man threatened to pull off a “Las Vegas style” shooting, led deputies on a dangerous chase down I-5 for almost 100 miles. Christopher Bleavins a retired military man, is accused of making disturbing threats at Joint Base Lewis McChord near Tacoma. When officers tried to stop him Wednesday, the 35-year-old took off.
The chase went southbound on I-5, reaching speeds of over 100 mph, as Bleavins hit multiple vehicles before he eventually spinning-out near Kalama. He was booked in the Cowlitz County jail and is being held without bail. Authorities say he suffers from PTSD.
Here's more information from the Cowlitz County Sheriff's Office:
Cowlitz 911 received a report yesterday afternoon that a retired military man with PTSD had threatened to commit a “Las Vegas” style shooting, and was being pursued by law enforcement south on I5. This was late afternoon, about 4:00 p.m.
The case began when he was approached by MP on JBLM (Joint Base Lewis McCord) he fled the base, almost hitting a MP (The MP was not injured). JBLM Police pursued the suspect south on I5. WSP got behind the suspect vehicle, a Red Mazda, and took over the pursuit. The suspect continued at a high rate of speed southbound. WSP troopers discontinued their pursuit at the Cowlitz/Lewis County Line at mile post 57.
Castle Rock Police spotted the Mazda “6” at a high rate of speed (over 100 mph) near MP 49. The suspect vehicle collided with a semi truck at MP 58. That truck driver was not injured. The extent of damage to that truck is not known. Castle Rock Police continued the pursuit southbound.
Cowlitz Deputy Geary Enbody saw the car at MP 42. As Deputy Enbody entered the freeway the suspect rapidly swerved from the “fast” lane over the middle lane to the slow lane in an obvious attempt to crash in to Deputy Enbody's patrol car. Deputy Enbody was able to brake hard and serve toward the guardrail to avoid being hit. The suspect rapidly sped to over 100 mph southbound. As other deputies joined to help, Castle Rock dropped out of the pursuit.
At one point in the pursuit the suspect rapidly swerved at other vehicles trying to cause them to crash. At one point the driver swerved over all 3 lanes to get in front of a truck pulling a horse trailer and slammed on the brakes — causing the truck and horse trailer to slam on their brakes. This was an extremely dangerous event and fortunately that truck driver narrowly avoided crashing. The suspect did this to another driver also.
The suspect continued southbound and erratically slowed down to 45 mph swerving over all 3 lanes and alternately sped up to over 100 mph on several occasions. The suspect was also passing people on the shoulder of the freeway.
At about MP 33 the suspect attempted to pass a car driven by Caitlyn Roettger on the left hand shoulder and collided with Ms. Roettger's vehicle. At this point, the suspect lost control of his car and it spun off I5 and landed up against the BNSF railroad track base (not on the tracks). The suspect exited the car and was taken into custody. He received a minor cut on his head and was taken to the hospital for treatment and was released and booked in to the jail.
Ms. Roettger received a cut on her head but did not require medical attention. Ms. Roettger's car sustained significant damage and was towed.
The suspect:
Christopher James Bleavins, 35 yrs. Lakewood resident – Retired Military.
Booked for:
1) Assault 1st degree (attempting to crash in to Deputy Enbody's car.)
2) Eluding Police
3) 2 counts of Hit and Run.
4) Reckless Endangerment (attempting to cause many other accidents).
No Bail. Contact Cowlitz County Superior Court for questions regarding court appearances.
We do not know any details about Mr. Bleavins' Military service.
Mr. Bleavins was not armed. We have not verified if he has or does not have “access” to firearms.
We do not know — yet — what Mr. Bleavins' criminal history is. We will not release those details unless they are specifically related to this event.
We do not have any more details about Mr. Bleavins' medical or mental health related issues. We do not know his marital status, or of any family contacts.
President Donald Trump; special counsel Robert Mueller. Photo illustration by Slate. Photos by Chris Kleponis-Pool/Getty Images, Alex Wong/Getty Images.
President Trump cannot stand to live in a world where he is vulnerable to serious scrutiny. It's been clear, for some time, that Trump wants to end the Russia investigation and purge both the FBI and Justice Department of any potential adversaries. He has launched jeremiads against the “deep state” and regularly claims corruption and disloyalty within federal law enforcement.
But it's only now, after reports of the firing of FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe on Friday, that a potential move against special counsel Robert Mueller seems imminent. Having removed internal critics and potential threats—with little resistance from within his own party—the president is turning his aim toward Mueller.
Trump spent the weekend on Twitter raging furiously against McCabe, the FBI, and the investigation, readying and rallying his supporters ahead of a likely confrontation with the special counsel. “Andrew McCabe FIRED, a great day for the hardworking men and women of the FBI,” said the president in one tweet. “He knew all about the lies and corruption going on at the highest levels of the FBI!”
In another, Trump took aim at Mueller. “The Mueller probe should never have been started in that there was no collusion and there was no crime. It was based on fraudulent activities and a Fake Dossier paid for by Crooked Hillary and the DNC, and improperly used in FISA COURT for surveillance of my campaign. WITCH HUNT!” (That particular charge, made in Rep. Devin Nunes' controversial memo alleging serious abuses of power by the FBI, was debunked in a dueling memo produced by Democrats on the House Intelligence Committee.) Underscoring the president's rhetoric was a statement from his attorney, John Dowd, who told the Daily Beast that Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein should shut down the Russia investigation.
Trump's attorneys subsequently issued a statement saying the president plans to cooperate with the special counsel, suggesting his advisers once again talked him down from the ledge. In the long run, the only thing likely to stop Trump from firing Mueller is the threat of actual consequences. At this moment, those consequences depend on Republican lawmakers in Congress. Some GOP leaders are fully behind the president and clearly skeptical of the investigation, like Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana: “I think there are credibility concerns the Mueller investigation needs to address so they can dispel the fears that this is becoming a partisan witch hunt.” Others, like Sens. Mitch McConnell of Kentucky and John Cornyn of Texas, have been silent on the president's recent rhetoric.
Still others have tried to split the difference, affirming their support for Mueller without issuing any particular threat or warning. “I remain confident that the special counsel is going to conduct a probe that is fair and thorough and is going to arrive at the truth and is not going to go down rabbit holes that are not places that we need to be going,” said Sen. Marco Rubio on NBC's Meet the Press. “Special counsel Mueller has served our country with honesty and integrity. It's critical he is allowed to complete a thorough investigation into Russia's interference in the 2016 election—unimpeded.”
How should we understand these varying Republican reactions to Trump's rhetoric as he flirts with derailing the Russia investigation and sparking a bona fide constitutional crisis?
First and foremost, the Mueller reactions come as Republicans have reportedly made the decision to tie their electoral prospects directly to the president's personal standing. Senate Republicans, even those in competitive elections, want Trump to campaign in their states. “Despite his unpopularity on the national level, Republicans insist there isn't a state on the Senate map where they are nervous about deploying Trump,” Politico reports.
Republicans almost certainly know that an attack on Mueller would be catastrophic for Trump and his presidency, galvanizing opposition and virtually ensuring a Democratic wave in November. But they also know that a preemptive move against Trump could have a similar effect, bolstering Democrats and demoralizing Republican voters who still support the president. Jeff Roe, a GOP consultant who managed Ted Cruz's 2016 campaign for the Republican nomination, succinctly made this point in a recent op-ed for the New York Times. “If you are a Republican on the ballot, you are in the same boat as Mr. Trump, whether you like it or not…if enough Republicans run from their leader, the Republican brand will be so diminished as to produce historic defeats up and down the ballot,” Roe wrote.
Without speculating about what various lawmakers actually believe, it's clear that this is the political calculation at hand: to both support Trump as a matter of partisan loyalty but also push him away from acting against Mueller until the elections. If Republican leaders survive with their majority intact, then they can re-evaluate. And if they don't, then Democrats will likely use their newfound investigative power to move aggressively against the administration, free of the pressure to act.
It's a rational gamble with a potentially catastrophic downside: It can backfire. Refusing to draw a clear line against Mueller's firing bolsters Trump's belief in his own invulnerability, making him more likely to follow through on his impulse to fire Mueller and threaten our constitutional order. If President Trump doesn't fire Robert Mueller between now and November, Republicans—and the country—will have simply gotten lucky.
We all know Shahrukh Khan is working with Anushka Sharma and Katrina Kaif in Aanand L Rai's next film. King Khan will play the role of a dwarf in the movie.
But the actor is avoiding getting clicked with both Anushka and Katrina on the sets of the film and there is a reason behind it. Want to know more? Then scroll down.
Not Easy To Work With Two Actresses A source told Bollywood Life, "Everyone is aware that working with two heroines that too A-Lister's is not easy for any actor.'' SRK Is Friendly With Them ''Shahrukh Khan has worked with them before and is friendly with them.'' The Big Question ''Like every two-heroine project, there are questions about how much screen space Katrina or Anushka will share with the actor.'' This Is The Reason ''The two (SRK and Rai) have decided not to fuel any such speculations by adopting a simple method. The superstar is not getting any pictures clicked with either of them." Their Strategy "SRK and Rai are very much aware of this and have taken this step.'' No Actress Can Claim This ''No actress' team can get an upper hand and say that she has the bigger role," added the source. Shahrukh Is Working With Rai For The First Time In an interview to a daily, Aanand L Rai had revealed, ''Shahrukh's love and confidence shows his affection and that makes me more responsible.'' SRK's Attachment To The Story ''The best part is he makes me more confident and it gives me a lot of strength. It shows his attachment to the story. It is great for me to work with such a sensible man and this experience will stay with me life long. This relationship will be with me till I am here."
Also Read: DREAMY INSIDE PICTURES! Anushka Sharma & Virat Kohli Look So Much In Love In NEW Wedding Snaps
CHATHAM, Ont. — A truck driver has pleaded guilty to five charges arising from a fatal crash on Highway 401 last summer that claimed the lives of an Amherstburg, Ont., mother and her son.
Fifty-two-year-old Manjit Parmar of Brampton, Ont., pleaded guilty in a Chatham, Ont., court Wednesday to two counts of dangerous operation of a motor vehicle causing death and three counts of dangerous operation of a motor vehicle causing bodily harm.
Forty-two-year-old Lacie Brundritt and her son 14-year-old Kyle Brundritt, who were passengers in a pickup truck, died when a westbound tractor trailer collided with five vehicles that were stopped on the highway due to another crash on July 30, 2017.
The 39-year-old male driver of the pickup truck was taken to hospital with serious injuries and a 12-year-old boy was sent to hospital with non-life threatening injuries.
If you were hoping that the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau had learned from the million-plus comments submitted to the agency on its proposed small-dollar lending rule, then you would have been disappointed to hear CFPB Director Richard Cordray's recent testimony before the House Financial Services Committee.
The CFPB's prevailing mindset is apparently not affected by convincing evidence regarding options for borrowers looking for small-dollar credit. In the hearing, Cordray doubled down on the bureau's comingling of legal and illegal small-dollar lending, as well as the refusal to acknowledge the negative consequences of effectively banning regulated lenders.
First and foremost, there is no such thing as a state without payday lending. Cordray noted in his testimony that 14 states ban payday loans, adding that people in these states “seem to get by just fine.” However, on the day of Cordray's hearing, at least 11,600 consumers in these 14 states went online seeking a payday loan, according to data from the nonprime credit bureau Clarity Services Inc. Further, in the fourth quarter of 2016, an estimated 2.7 million payday loan applications were submitted online from these same states.
The consumers in these states presumably turned to a lender that marketed loans illegally, including offshore lenders. The CFPB's proposed rule limiting access to legal small-dollar loans would do nothing to protect these consumers.
The bureau's own consumer complaint portal data has for years blurred the line between legal and illegal lenders, unfairly lumping state-licensed and regulated businesses together with unscrupulous, unregulated enterprises. Nearly one-third of complaints attributed to payday lending come from the 14 states without legal, licensed lending. These complaints received by the bureau are often lodged against unregulated institutions — many of which are phantom companies — rather than the state-licensed and regulated businesses that my organization represents.
Even with the comingling of legal and illegal lenders, payday loan complaints have steadily declined in every one of the bureau's monthly complaint snapshot reports over the past two years. The most recent report states that payday loan complaints are down 28%. Overall, payday lending complaints make up only 1.5% of all bureau complaints, which is far below many other products like student loans, credit cards, debt collection, mortgages and other services.
In the five years that the bureau has existed, there have been approximately 550 million payday loan transactions and only 17,207 complaints to the CFPB. That equates to one complaint for every 32,000 loan transactions.
Director Cordray made clear that the bureau still has no good answers for where consumers should turn for credit in the absence of payday lending. When pressed multiple times on the subject, he punted: “[I]t's a legitimate discussion, it's something we're thinking hard about.”
The truth is, in the states that do not permit regulated payday lending, people find many other ways to meet their need for small-dollar credit. They bounce more checks, complain more about illegal lenders and debt collectors, and file for bankruptcy at a higher rate than in states where short-term loans are available, according to a Federal Reserve staff study. These consumers find fewer alternative financial options and resort to costlier, unregulated options for short-term credit, according to reports from the U.S. Department of the Treasury in concert with The Urban Institute.
Meanwhile, regulators in states such as Montana, Oregon and Washington — which have all implemented restrictions on small-dollar lending — have reported consequences such as consumers seeking credit from online lenders and filing related complaints.
The risk to consumers from illegal, unlicensed lenders is of grave concern, and we have long advocated for a simple fix to this national problem: a national registry of state-licensed and regulated lenders. This basic solution was specified in Dodd-Frank yet it has not been a CFPB priority. Such a registry would help protect borrowers from the cash-grab scams that pose as legitimate lenders online. The bureau should be focused on stopping these worst offenders, rather than attempting to use the bad acts of illegal lenders to justify its war on law-abiding, state-licensed businesses.
Director Cordray's testimony told us that nothing has changed the bureau's predetermined mindset. Even though nine out of 10 comment letters on the bureau's proposed rule criticize it, Director Cordray testified that “[W]e've gotten, as I said, many, many comments on both sides of that issue.” That is a disingenuous statement that suggests the number of comments for and against the rule are even.
Until the bureau gets serious about tackling the issue of illegal lending and recognizes that many consumers demonstrate a desire and need for small-dollar loans, the misguided opinions of unelected regulators will take precedent over the views of millions of hardworking Americans around the country.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
'Bachelor in Paradise' star Amanda Stanton to write tell-all "It feels good sometimes to stick up for yourself, so I'm learning how to do it," she said.
Corinne Olympios admits to drinking too much on ‘Bachelor in Paradise' Olympios spoke publicly for the first time since production shut down on the ABC reality show.
‘Bachelor in Paradise' addresses sex scandal in season premiere As Hilary Duff was once crooned, let's go back, back to the beginning. Monday night's anticipated premiere of “Bachelor in Paradise” wasted no time diving into the drama, even after...
'Bachelor' star allegedly took pills and booze before pool romp Olympios was said to be present during Saturday's taping of the "Bachelor in Paradise" reunion episode.
Corinne Olympios, DeMario Jackson returning for 'Bachelor in Paradise' reunion The “Bachelor in Paradise” star who left the show after debunked allegations that she was sexually assaulted is coming back for the reunion episode — along with the castmate she falsely accused....
Corinne Olympios announces she won't return to 'Bachelor' “Bachelor in Paradise” star Corinne Olympios on Thursday finally spoke out in the wake of debunked allegations that she was sexually assaulted by co-star DeMario Jackson — and his own...
'Bachelor' star spills graphic details of pool sex romp "It just seemed too perfect in a sense for me, and at the point, that's when my spidey senses got up," DeMario Jackson tells E! News of his poolside tryst...
'Bachelor' star says sex scandal strained his family "It's hard to see your mom cry every single day. It was very difficult," DeMario Jackson tells E! News.
PLAYERS OF THE DAY
Trae Young is the name everyone knew as No. 12 Oklahoma head to Austin to take on Texas, but it was another freshman point guard — Matt Coleman — who left as the star of the show.
Coleman finished with 22 points and a pair of assists, doing quite a bit of the work defensively on Young, who finished with 19 points and 14 assists but shot 7-for-22 from the floor and 2-for-14 from three.
It's great to see Coleman playing well. Texas is trying to cope with the fact that one of the players on the roster (sophomore Andrew Jones) is in a battle with leukemia, and that means that more of the load has been hoisted upon Coleman. He's answered the call.
So has Kerwin Roach, who finished with 19 points, four boards and four assists. He's become arguably the best perimeter player for the Longhorns in recent weeks, scoring at least 16 points in five of the six games since returning from injury.
THE REST OF SATURDAY'S STARS
SHAMORIE PONDS, St. John's : Ponds finished with 33 points — including a pair of massive shots in the final 75 seconds — as the Johnnies knocked off No. 4 Duke at home.
: Ponds finished with 33 points — including a pair of massive shots in the final 75 seconds — as the Johnnies knocked off No. 4 Duke at home. COLLIN SEXTON, Alabama : Sexton finished with 17 points, eight boards, six assists, two steals and a block as the Crimson Tide went into Gainesville and knocked off No. 23 Florida by 18 points.
: Sexton finished with 17 points, eight boards, six assists, two steals and a block as the Crimson Tide went into Gainesville and knocked off No. 23 Florida by 18 points. JEROD HARPER, Auburn : 14 points and 14 assists isn't a bad night. That's what Harper did as Auburn whipped up on Vanderbilt.
: 14 points and 14 assists isn't a bad night. That's what Harper did as Auburn whipped up on Vanderbilt. JOCK LANDALE, Saint Mary's : Landale was terrific, finishing with 34 points, 18 boards and four assists as No. 13 Saint Mary's won at San Diego.
: Landale was terrific, finishing with 34 points, 18 boards and four assists as No. 13 Saint Mary's won at San Diego. TREVON BLUIETT, Xavier: Bluiett finished with 31 points on 9-for-16 shooting on Saturday as the Musketeers held off Georgetown. He made this shot to force the overtime.
TEAM OF THE DAY
Oklahoma State desperately needed to win at No. 7 Kansas on Saturday if they wanted any chance of getting back to the NCAA tournament this season, and they did just that.
The Pokes were up by as many as 18 points in the first half, as the Jayhawks spent 40 minutes playing like they thought all they had to do to win at home was to show up. Kendall Smith led the way with 24 points, five boards and five assists for OSU while Cameron McGriff chipped in with 20 points.
This is the third game that Kansas has lost in Phog Allen this year. Bill Self entered the season having lost just 11 times in that building in his tenure with Kansas.
Kansas, on the other hand, is now tied with Texas Tech for first place in the Big 12.
GAME OF THE DAY
I don't know how Indiana did it, but somehow they shot 28.8 percent from the floor and 4-for-19 from three and still managed to have a potential game-tying heave at the buzzer bounce off the back of the rim.
The Spartans got up double-figures early and seemed to throw this thing into cruise control. The Hoosiers slowly but surely chipped away, creating another mind-bending stat: Michigan State, with the biggest front line in college basketball, finished with 29 total rebounds and just three offensive boards on Saturday while Indiana had 25 offensive rebounds despite starting a front line that stands 6-foot-6 and 6-foot-8.
The final score ended up being 63-60 despite Michigan State's best efforts to give this one away.
WTF???? OF THE DAY
St. John's entered Saturday having lost 11 straight games.
It is February, and the Red Storm do not own a single win in the Big East. It's been something of a disaster for Chris Mullin, one that has him fully on the hot seat.
So obviously, with No. 4 Duke coming to town, the Johnnies … played their best game of the year?
Shamorie Ponds popped off for 33 points while Bashir Ahem added 19 points and Tariq Owens chipped in with 17 as St. John's erased a seven-point halftime deficit to beat the Blue Devils. Duke was absolutely torched by Mike Krzyzewski after the game — and deservedly so — which has me asking: How is a team as talented as Duke is so reliant on Marvin Bagley III?
WHAT ELSE DO YOU NEED TO KNOW?
Remember when we thought that No. 21 Kentucky making that thrilling comeback and winning at West Virginia would be the turning point in their season? LOL. After needing overtime to beat Vanderbilt at home during the week, the Wildcats lost at Missouri in a game were the Tigers were more or less in control throughout. Kentucky was a trainwreck in the first half, digging themselves too big of a hole to dig out of. Kassius Robertson had 16 points and four assists to lead the way for Mizzou.
Whatever funk No. 10 Texas Tech was in earlier this year, they are out of it now. The Red Raiders won their fourth straight game on Saturday, knocking off TCU at TCU. The final score was 83-71, but it really wasn't that close.
Whatever funk No. 15 West Virginia was in the last three weeks, they look to be out of it now. The Mountaineers beat Kansas State by 38 points.
The two best teams in the SEC continue to be No. 18 Tennessee and No. 11 Auburn. The Volunteers absolutely smashed Ole Miss on Saturday, eventually winning by 33 points, while the Tigers held off Vanderbilt at home. It's a shame these two teams already played this season. It didn't get near the fan fare it deserved.
Deandre Hunter had 15 points and six assists off the bench for No. 2 Virginia as they knocked off Syracuse, 59-44.
Corey Sanders went for 31 points, seven boards and three assists, but it wasn't enough as No. 3 Purdue beat Rutgers in Piscataway, 78-76.
No. 19 North Carolina got back to their winning ways, snapping a three-game losing streak against Pitt. The most noteworthy part? Theo Pinson was healthy, finished with 13 points and eight assists and played as the back-up point guard.
Jacob Evans had 19 points as No. 8 Cincinnati knocked off UConn in Hartford.
Isaiah Washington did everything he could — 26 points in total — to get Minnesota a win in Ann Arbor, but it was not meant to be. No. 24 Michigan won 76-73 in overtime.
Story by Ashley Traylor, Staff writer
In light of budget cuts to higher education, students from nine universities took a stand against Gov. Matt Bevin and defended higher education at the Capitol Rotunda Feb. 13.
Bevin decided on a 4.5 percent cut to higher education last fiscal year, in which the Kentucky attorney general, Andy Beshear, sued Bevin for his actions and pushed to restore funds in court. The court ruled in Beshear's favor.
Regardless of it not being a budget year, Clint Combs, Student Government Association president, helped plan the Rally for Education, along with student body presidents from eight Kentucky universities.
“Students don't see their pockets being affected until it is a budget year, so it's hard to recruit students to come up here if they don't see that direct impact,” Combs said.
Students from Northern, Eastern and Western Kentucky University, the University of Louisville, Morehead State University, Lindsey Wilson College, Spalding University, the University of Kentucky and Murray State gathered in Kentucky's capitol building.
Some made signs that read: “Education should not be a debt sentence,” “Help fund success, not drop out rates,” “Don't throw shade, give me aid,” “Don't make me fret about debt,” “Don't gamble with education” and “CAP helps me get my cap and gown.”
At the rally, 14 guest speakers discussed reprioritizing higher education and funding the Kentucky lottery, which is college-funded scholarships and grants.
Secretary of State Alison Grimes was the first to speak, opening the rally.
Grimes said higher education is the key to put Kentucky back on solid ground by improving civic engagement, maintaining a healthy commonwealth and growing the economy.
“We will fight every step of the way for our students,” Grimes said. “You are the future of this state.”
She said she wants to see legislation that helps students attain degrees with less debt.
Jay Todd Richey, Western Kentucky University's student government president, said since 2008, the amount of state funding has been cut by 32 percent. He said Bevin took it a step further last year when he cut $41 million.
“This is wrong for students,” Richey said. “This is bad for Kentucky. This is unacceptable.”
He said the Kentucky lottery has been used as a “piggy bank” because nearly $30 million has been diverted from the lottery funding annually, leaving many students without financial aid.
Beshear said the key to making Kentucky strive is investing in higher education.
“There is no question education paves, and education saves,” Beshear said.
Beshear said a big threat to education is legislators trying to directly control universities.
Senate Bill 107 would allow the governor to disband any university board if it is dysfunctional.
“That is a threat I cannot and will not allow for you,” Beshear said.
Commissioner of Agriculture Ryan Quarles said he believes in education because he grew up on a tobacco farm, and his parents were the first ones in either of their families to attend college. He said growing up, his parents told him if he worked and studied hard he could become anything he wanted.
He said there is more student loan debt in America than credit card debt, and because of that, higher education needs to be made affordable.
Quarles challenged students to communicate with their legislators and build relationships with them.
Sen. Max Wise, educator at the University of Kentucky, said we need to fulfill the powerball promise: need-based financial aid that helps fund College Access Program (CAP) and Kentucky Tuition Grant (KTG).
Rep. James Kay also stressed the importance of the powerball promise and restoring the funds for those who need the financial aid to receive higher education.
Ashley Simpson, junior from Lindsey Wilson College, said the rally was a mix of each political party's perspectives, which she enjoyed because it was not one-sided.
“It wasn't a bash fest, like you see on the news,” Simpson said. “It was solely all of us here for education, which was one thing that will completely change the world.”
She said today starts a big movement in education, and when she becomes a teacher, she hopes this rally will benefit her students.
During a stop on his 24K Magic World Tour at Michigan's Palace of Auburn Hills on Aug. 12, he felt the love from the crowd and returned the feeling in the form of $1 million dollars to help fix Flint's water supply, which has been contaminated with lead since 2014 and has resulted in at least a dozen deaths.
Bruno Mars , a self-described "dangerous man with some money in my pocket," flexed his charitable muscles by donating seven-figures worth of that money to relief efforts for the water crisis in Flint, Mich.
Here's Bruno Mars announcing that he will donate one million dollars to our brothers & sisters in Flint, Michigan ❤️ Please RT! pic.twitter.com/mqYenyOlvO
"I want to do something special. Tonight I want to donate $1 million dollars to my brothers and sisters in Flint, Michigan," the 31-year-old said to thunderous applause. "This is why we love what we do ... the fact that we can come here under one roof and celebrate together and have all this positive energy flowing. This is the America that I want to live in." Mars then did a "Just The Way You Are" sing-along.
Revenues from the Michigan concert will aid the Community Foundation of Greater Flint. The CEO of the non-profit organization, Isiah, M. Oliver, released this statement about the donation:
"We know Bruno Mars' $1 million gift will be transformative to the children and families of Flint. He understands the issues faced by Flint citizens, and we are touched by his concern and generosity."
In his own statement after the concert, Bruno Mars said, "As Americans, we need to stand together to make sure something like this never happens in any community ever again.”
He also posted this Instagram photo captioned with "God bless you Michigan!"
FILE - This Sept. 6, 2012, file photo shows the Amazon logo in Santa Monica, Calif. Amazon said Wednesday, April 18, 2018, it has more than 100 million paid Prime members, the first time the company has given out a specific number on its paid subscriber base. Reed Saxon, File AP Photo
Canadian Solar reported a profit of almost $100m last year, up 53% on the $65m posted in 2016.
Revenue grew to $3.39bn in 2017, up from just above $2.85 the previous year.
Canadian Solar said as of 28 February this year that it has about 2GW of projects in its pipeline for development, including 459MW in the US, 435.7MW in Mexico, 410MW in China and 362.2MW in Japan.
It expects module shipments in 2018 to be in the range of 6.6GW to 7.1GW, with revenue for the year between $4.4bn and $4.6bn.
Canadian Solar chairman and chief executive Shawn Qu said: “Our revenue, shipments, gross margin and net income all exceeded our expectations for the fourth quarter and full year 2017.
“Our record-high solar module shipments for the full year 2017 were driven by strong demand from China, India, Europe and the US.
“We are also pleased with the impressive project sale momentum we achieved, led by demand for our highly-attractive project assets, which we have carefully built up over the past few years in key markets worldwide.”
Image: Canadian Solar
DAYTON, Ohio (WDTN) – Police in Dayton were called to the 2700 block of Wayne Avenue Sunday after a man said he was robbed.
The incident happened around 6:30 pm Sunday when a man was trying to sell a sweatshirt using a popular phone app.
When officers arrived they met with a man who said he was there to meet with a man to sell his “Peace Skateboard” sweatshirt using the app “Let Go”. The victim told police the person he was there to meet identified himself as Glen Smith, who claimed to be 15-years-old and could not drive.
According to a police report on the incident, when the victim arrived at the agreed meeting place, Smith was not there. Through several text messages, the victim agreed to meet Smith in another location.
When the victim arrived at the intersection of Maplewood Avenue and Kathleen Avenue, he met with Glen and a third person. The men talked for about an hour when Smith claimed he had lost his money. The victim then told Glen he had other things to do and had to leave.
According to the report, the man who identified himself as Glen Smith gave the sweatshirt to his masked friend who then ran off. When the victim confronted “Glen” about it Gen pulled a silver, semi-automatic handgun from his waistband and fired one shot into the air.
The victim then ran away and told police he heard a second shot fired.
No arrests have been made in this case.
Fully developed, the three-acre Franklin Park will include bocce courts, a picnic shelter, restrooms and a playground. The park is behind several parcels that Maverik Inc. bought along Franklin Street, to the north, and Orchard Street, to the east. Maverik planned to build a convenience store and gas station on the Franklin-Orchard corner but has shelved that plan and now says it has no plans for any of the parcels. The street parcels and the park were formerly the site of the Franklin School. Provided by Boise Parks and Recreation
The Canadian Press
VICTORIA -- British Columbia's government is promising financial relief for taxpayers in next week's budget, telling residents who will soon be voting in an election that the province is in position to repay them for past sacrifices.
Lt.-Gov. Judith Guichon said Tuesday in a throne speech that lays out Premier Christy Clark's plans for the upcoming legislative session that the government is now able to ease the financial burdens of British Columbians.
The Liberal government is expected to present its fifth consecutive balanced budget on Feb. 21. In November the government projected a surplus of about $2.2 billion for the 2016-17 fiscal year.
There were no details in the throne speech on the government's plans.
"After years of sacrifice by all of us in British Columbia through challenging times, working together with a plan, your government is now in a position to pay you back, to relieve some financial burdens, and to invest in your household," it says.
The speech says the government's focus on balanced budgets, spending controls and debt reduction has produced growing surpluses that give the province the ability to do more for taxpayers.
"That money belongs to you," the speech says. "And in the coming budget, your government will provide financial relief to taxpayers, while continuing to make investments in the services people rely on."
Although B.C. faces risks from weakening global economies and rising protectionism in the United States and Europe, the speech says the province will adhere to its principles of open and fair trade. The province faces challenges on the expired softwood lumber agreement with the United States, it says.
The government is also claiming credit for taking the lead on the opioid crisis, which resulted in more than 900 illicit drugs overdose deaths in B.C. last year.
"Your government has taken action, and is ready to do more," the speech says.
The provincial election is set for May 9. The Liberals are seeking a fifth consecutive mandate.
The Liberals hold 47 seats in the legislature, the NDP 35 and there are three Independents, which includes one seat held by the Green party.
Throne speech: gov't committed to working in good faith with teachers. BCTF has said $300m in new funding needed to address SCC ruling — CTV Bhinder Sajan (@BhinderSajan) February 14, 2017
In throne speech BC government says "financial relief" coming. No details on what that means just yet, will be in next week's budget — CTV Bhinder Sajan (@BhinderSajan) February 14, 2017
/ Front page / News
THE National Federation Party (NFP) intends to make the next election a serious contest for people's votes.
This was revealed by NFP acting president Semi Titoko during a press conference yesterday.
He said the party would be making further announcements in the coming weeks and months on new candidates, policies and the party's vision ahead of next year's poll.
"In next year's General Election, NFP will put before the people a strong line-up of candidates," Mr Titoko said.
"These will be people who are well-known in the community and who have deep skills and experience required to work in the next Government."
He said they were also inviting everyone to join them as party members, candidates, volunteers or supporters.
"This is to help change Fiji for the better.
"We believe that, for NFP, the best is yet to come.
"The NFP won three seats in Parliament in the 2014 General Elections."
Google won't preload its apps in Russia after antitrust settlement
The company will also pay US$7.8 million to settle the Android-related complaint
Credit: Martyn Williams
Google will pay 438 million rubles (US$7.8 million) and will stop requiring its apps be preloaded on Android smartphones in Russia, in an antitrust settlement with the country's Federal Antimonopoly Service.
The settlement, announced Monday, ends a nearly two-year investigation by FAS into Google's control of the Android operating system. FAS had accused Google of abusing its monopoly position in mobile app stores serving the Android operating system. The fine amounts to 9 percent of Google's revenue in Russia in 2014, plus inflation, according to TASS.
Russian search engine provider Yandex filed the original complaint against Google.
Google representatives didn't immediately respond to requests for comments on the settlement.
Under the settlement, Google cannot stop smartphone makers from pre-installing competing search engine apps on their devices. For smartphones already sold to Russian residents, Google will develop a pop-up window in the Chrome browser that allows users to change their default browser, FAS said.
Google will also develop a new widget for Chrome that will allow buyers of new devices to choose their default search engine, FAS said.
"Implementation of the settlement's terms will be an effective means to secure competition between developers of mobile applications," Igor Artemiev, head of the FAS, said in a statement. "We managed to find a balance between the necessity to develop the Android ecosystem and interests of third-party developers for promoting their mobile applications and services on Android-based devices."
Google has faced an antitrust investigation in the European Union since 2010. In March, the Open Internet Project filed a new complaint with the EU's top competition authority, charging the search giant with abusing its dominant position in the market for smartphone software.
1
BLADEN COUNTY, NC (WWAY) — A former West Bladen High School teacher pleaded guilty to sex crimes involving students.
Shanna Harrleson pleaded guilty to crimes against nature, which involved a 17-year old, and disseminating obscene material to a minor under the age of 16.
- Advertisement -
She received two consecutive suspended sentences of 8 to 19 months.
Harrelson is on 36 months of supervised probation.
She also surrendered her teaching license.
Vince Alfred “Al” Wooldridge, 88, of Harrodsburg, husband of Elaine Holyak Wooldridge, died Wednesday, Feb. 8, 2017, at the Willows in Harrodsburg.
Born Jan. 27, 1929, in Anawalt, W.Va., he was the son of the late Coy Thomas and Betty Blevins Wooldridge.
He was the former owner-operator of Speed Queen Laundromat and was a member of the St. Andrew Catholic Church.
The Federal Government remained committed to winning the war against insurgency, the Minister of Defence, Malam Muneer Dan-Ali, has assured.
‎The Minister gave the assurance on Monday in Kano while briefing newsmen.
He said the military was determined to overcome security challenges confronting the nation, especially in the North-East where the Boko Haram terrorist group had renewed suicide bombings.‎
‎He said that in its efforts to end the spate of bombings in the town, the military had undertaken search of residential houses in Maiduguri Township to fish out the hideouts of the insurgents. ‎
He said that the security agencies were collaborating with each other to tackle the security challenges facing the nation.
‎The minister said he was in Kano to commission the Kano/Jigawa zonal office of the military health services.
According to him, the commissioning of the office will go a long way to address the health needs of serving military men ‎and retirees.
NAN
Federal prosecutors have charged Douglas Haig, a man identified earlier this week as "a person of interest" in the Las Vegas mass shooting, with selling bullets he had modified to make them more potent — referred to as armor-piercing.
The 55-year-old aerospace engineer did not have a license to manufacture and sell the armor-piercing bullets he sold to Stephen Paddock in the weeks before the massacre that left 58 people dead. Paddock died at the scene from an apparently self-inflicted gunshot wound.
Court documents filed Friday indicated Haig also sold Paddock 720 rounds of tracer bullets.
Haig came to investigators' attention early on, when they found a shipping box with his name on it among Paddock's possessions, reports NPR's Martin Kaste.
Authorities also found Haig's fingerprints on armor-piercing bullets recovered from Paddock's Mandalay Bay hotel room. The ammunition found at the scene was unfired, and it's unclear if any of it was used in the attack.
Haig held a press conference with his attorney by his side on the same day federal authorities filed the charge. In it he explained how he first met Paddock at a Phoenix gun show and calmly recounted having three separate phone conversations with Paddock whom he described as "very well dressed, very well groomed, very polite, very respectful."
That's when Paddock told Haig he wanted the tracer bullets.
Tracer ammunition is built with a small pyrotechnic charge that produces a bright trail of light to allow a shooter to see the bullet's trajectory during nighttime firing or other low visibility scenarios.
"At no time did I see anything suspicious or odd or any kind of tell," Haig told reporters.
The complaint says Haig told investigators that when Paddock bought the ammunition, he put on gloves before taking the box from Haig.
Haig defended himself as merely a vendor, saying, "I had no contribution to what Paddock did. I had no way to see into his mind. The product that I sold him had absolutely nothing to do with what he did."
His lawyer, Marc J. Victor, also called the exchange "a very routine transaction."
The Mesa, Ariz., resident also recounted receiving several death threats over the phone and in person at his home in recent days. Haig's name was released to the press after authorities released documents containing his full name.
If convicted, Haig faces up to five years in prison, a fine of $250,000 or both, according to the U.S. attorney's office in Las Vegas.
WASHINGTON — The U.S. budget deficit rose to $88.4 billion in May from $53 billion a year earlier, as government spending in areas such as Medicaid and defense rose at a faster pace than revenue.
Receipts from individual and corporate taxes rose 7 percent last month from May 2016 to $240 billion, the Treasury Department said Monday. Meanwhile, spending leapt 19 percent to $329 billion.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Trump Budget Proposes Cuts to State and EPA, Boosts for Defense and Wall 1:58 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Tax revenue is rising, but at a slower pace than in previous years and by less than the Congressional Budget Office has forecast. That partly reflects slower growth in the economy and hiring. With the unemployment rate low, fewer workers are available to take open jobs.
Related: OMB Dir. Mulvaney Defends Budget Blueprint That Won't Balance
That is widening the deficit at the same time the Trump administration has proposed steep tax cuts. The administration has also pushed for sharp reductions in spending, but Trump's proposed budget depends on annual growth of 3 percent to balance over time. The economy expanded 1.6 percent last year and hasn't grown 3 percent since 2005.
Meanwhile, the deficit has increased to $433 billion in the first eight months of this budget year from $405 billion last year.
Medicaid costs have risen 3 percent, partly because the Obama administration's Affordable Care Act has brought more people in the program. Defense spending jumped 17 percent in May but has been flat this year.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed In First Full Cabinet Meeting, Cabinet Members Praise Pres. Trump and Discuss Their Work 11:20 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The government has also spent $35 billion more this year on interest on its debt, a gain of 14 percent, Treasury said. That is mostly because inflation has picked up a bit since last summer, which pushes up interest payments on the government's inflation-adjusted bonds, known as TIPS.
Also Monday, a Washington think tank projected that despite the slowdown in revenues, the government will have enough cash to pay its bills until October or November. The Bipartisan Policy Center estimate is more optimistic than Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, who has been warning Congress that it must act before it leaves on its August recess.
The think tank says that revenue results from this month's quarterly tax payments are likely to clarify the deadline, but for now Mnuchin has sufficient maneuvering room — by using accounting steps known as "extraordinary measures" — to keep the government solvent into the fall. The policy center says a big Oct. 2 payment into the military retirement trust fund could trigger default.
The Congressional Budget Office has projected that the deficit for the full budget year, which ends on Sept. 30, will decline 4.6 percent to $559 billion. That would compare to a 2016 deficit of $585.6 billion.
The CBO's deficit estimate is based on current law remaining unchanged. President Donald Trump has called for a program of tax cuts for individuals and businesses, and increased government spending in such areas as the military and repairing the nation's aging infrastructure.
Under Trump's proposal, released last month, the deficit would increase this year to $602.5 billion.
…donates N200,000 to widow of farmer killed by herdsmen
By Gabriel Enogholase
BENIN-CITY—EDO State chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, has explained that it was due to its concern for the well-being and security of lives of people of the state that motivated its sponsor of a bill for the prohibition of open grazing in the state.
Chairman of the party, Chief Dan Orbih, disclosed this at the weekend in Benin-City, at a public lecture organised by the gatekeepers, a non-political organisation committed to the enthronement and sustenance of true democracy in Nigeria.
He said his party was not only committed to winning elections in the state, but equally takes seriously the responsibility of social and political education of the citizens.
Orbih called on the state government to be accountable to the people, noting that there was the urgent need for the Edo State Government to rise up to its responsibility of the protection of lives and property of the people.
He also donated the sum of N200,000 to the widow of late Omoregie Efosa, who was allegedly killed by the herdsmen in his farm at Oben in Orhiomwon Local Government Area of the state last year.
The widow, Ruth Efosa, who was left with nine children to cater for after the demise of her husband was full of joy and thanked Chief Orbih for the gesture which she said would ease the suffering she has been passing through since the death of her husband.
Orbih said: “The government must be accountable, the government must be responsive, once you are able to meet up with your campaign promises to the people, the opposition will have nothing to say.
“So, the good thing here is that as a political party, we will stand on the side of the people; we are not just criticising for the sake of criticism, we will applaud the policy of the government when we believe they are in the best interest of the people.”
Two suspects, known as the "Grinch Bandits," are believed responsible for at least seven armed robberies throughout San Diego County, according to the San Diego Police Department.
Lt. Eric Hays, who oversees the robbery unit at SDPD, told NBC 7 the store that has been hit the worst is Godfather's Pizza in Spring Valley.
"It has been targeted three times," Hays said.
SDPD believes the Grinch Bandits are also responsible for other robberies that occurred at KT Donuts in Spring Valley, a 7-11 in Sabre Springs, B Beauty Supply & Wig in Spring Valley, and a Valero gas station in Serra Mesa.
National City Police also brought forward a case from December 3, where suspects with similar descriptions targeted an Oriental Cafe on E 7th Street.
It has not yet been confirmed as linked to the robbery series, but detectives are looking at the descriptions and matching evidence to each case, according to Lt. Hays.
Investigating officer Lt. Graham Young, with the National City Police, said there has only been one-armed robbery in National City, and it was the Oriental Cafe.
"To our knowledge, this has been the only recent armed robbery in the area," Young said.
The suspects are described as traveling in a pair and wearing dark clothing when they target stores.
Anyone with information is asked to call SDPD's Crime Stoppers' anonymous tip line at 888-580-8477.
The Meridian High boys basketball program has shown flickers of promise this winter, only to settle into an up-and-down season.
But the young Warriors reminded the entire 5A Southern Idaho Conference what they are capable of Friday, knocking off Mountain View 56-53 at Meridian High behind a barrage of 3-pointers in the 13th annual Stinky Sneaker rivalry game.
Meridian (12-7, 8-6 5A SIC) trailed by seven at halftime before draining 7-of-9 3-pointers in the third quarter. The Warriors had 27 points in the quarter, taking a five-point lead into the fourth and never trailing again.
“That's not a surprise,” Meridian junior guard Javen Woodall said. “We shoot like that all the time. We just haven't been shooting well (lately).”
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for unlimited digital access to our website, apps, the digital newspaper and more. SUBSCRIBE NOW
Meridian connected only once on seven 3-point attempts in the first half, and the Warriors compounded their shooting struggles with 10 turnovers. But after coach Jeff Sanor implored his team to stop hesitating at halftime, the Warriors caught fire behind the arc and committed only two turnovers in the second half.
Woodall led the third-quarter surge, sinking three 3-pointers, including one on the Warriors' first possession. He finished with a team-high 17 points.
“That's Javen,” Sanor said. “Javen is hands down one of the best high school shooters I've ever seen in my life. That's just Javen playing like Javen can play.”
Spencer Fair, who was bedridden with the flu the past three days, added 11 points and three assists. College of Idaho commit Jalen Galloway led Mountain View (12-6, 10-4) with 19 points.
Mountain View cut the lead to one point three times down the stretch, but Meridian made 4-of-6 free throws in the final 62 seconds to snap a four-game losing streak to the Mavericks and keep their chances of a first-round bye at the district tournament alive.
The top four teams in the 5A SIC standings advance straight to the district quarterfinals, skipping the play-in round. Mountain View would have clinched the fourth and final bye with a win Saturday, but Meridian's upset keeps the Warriors in the hunt, two games behind the Mavericks with two games remaining.
Boise, Borah and Rocky Mountain have all clinched byes.
Meridian closes the season at No. 1-ranked Boise on Tuesday and home against Columbia on Thursday. It needs to win both games to qualify for a bye. But a young Warriors team that includes just one senior starter already has knocked off Boise and added Mountain View to its list of upset victims.
“I think we've got guys that are really hungry for wins, and sometimes they try to get after the wins a little too fast,” Sanor said. “They try to make things happen a little too quickly. Today, we did a really good job of keeping our composure and letting the plays come to us.”
…as global brands commit to partnership with Edo govt
The Edo State Governor, Mr. Godwin Obaseki, has assured global automotive industry players, including BMW, Bosch, Toyota, Volkswagen, Ford, Uber, among others, of the state's readiness to provide mouthwatering incentives and other business-friendly policies to enable them set up at the proposed Benin Auto Park, opposite the Benin Industrial Park (BIP).
Obaseki gave the assurance at the Edo Automotive Investment Forum, which hosted members of the Africa Association of Automotive Manufacturers (AAAM), at the Government House in Benin City, the Edo State capital.
He urged the delegation of Chief Executive Officers (CEOs) of Africa Operations of global automotive industry players to explore investment opportunities in the state, with focus on investments to boost the automotive sector in Benin City, one of the most vibrant auto sales and services hubs in the country.
Governor Obaseki said Edo State is strategically located to become one of the largest automotive hubs in West Africa and maintained that the state has a robust automotive sales and services sector, which guarantees impressive Return on Investment (RoI).
Noting that the state has a thriving automotive industry that services the Niger Delta market, parts of the North and even South Western Nigeria, he said, “Benin City boasts of a stock of not less than half a million cars. We want the companies to work within and even go beyond what the national automotive council provides.
He said the Benin Auto Park will transform Nigeria's automotive industry and help upgrade the used car market, such that more Nigerians would start buying new cars at affordable prices and be assured of top-of-the-range after-sales services.
Making a case for the park, he said, “We want you to work with car dealership to create the largest single market location in Benin City, where people can buy cars. We want to properly organise the auto dealers in Benin City, transform the car components sector and attract investment to the state.”
He said the investment strategy in the first instance will be to attract companies to formalise the auto sales market and thereafter the emphasis will be to assemble cars.
Other companies in attendance include Graffiti SA, Nissan, Toyota, Deloitte, Gauteng Infrastructure Financing Agency (GIFA), Automotive Industry Development Center, DataDot Technology, Standard Bank of South Africa, International Finance Corporation, Afropulse Group, component sellers in Uwellu, Evgbareke, James Wyatt markets, and Service Providers.
During a visit to auto dealers along Benin- Sapele Road, a dealer with Idris and Sons Motors, Salihu Abdulahi, told the delegation that the corridor hosts at least 100 dealers and the vehicles in their inventory stretch to thousands.
Dr. Jelani Aliyu, the Director General of the National Automotive Design and Development Council, said that the council is excited with the proposal of the Edo State Government, and sees at least two scenarios for growth.
According to him, “with this support by the state government, I see the state becoming a hotbed for automobile sales. The first instance will see the state grow from supplying used cars to brand-new cars. Also, we see the influx of automobile component makers, who are also here.”
Chief Executive Officer, Volkswagen South Africa, Thomas Schaefer, said that the delegation is keenly interested in the Nigerian market, its growth and deepening investments, especially with the increased drive for the Automotive policy.
According to him, “the automotive industry is quite critical in South Africa. It generates 350,000 jobs. The market boasts of 600,000 new cars. There is zero importation. We hope to replicate this in Nigeria and are interested in the Nigerian market.
“We are interested in Nigeria and Edo State and impressed with the proposal for the Benin Auto Park. We hope to deepen the partnership,” he said.
Texas Rangers shortstop Elvis Andrus (1) talks with pitcher Martin Perez, right, in the dugout after scoring a run during the Detroit Tigers vs. the Texas Rangers major league baseball game at Globe Life Park in Arlington on Tuesday, August 15, 2017. (Louis DeLuca/The Dallas Morning News)
Andrus' contract, which technically runs through 2022, gives him the ability to opt for free agency, if he wants, after the coming season. If he does so, he'd be forfeiting $78 million in guaranteed money over four seasons to seek an even bigger deal. The Rangers could eliminate the opt-out clause by renegotiating a contract extension.
And, while he, along with the rest of the baseball-playing world, have noticed how slowly the free agent market has moved this winter, that doesn't impact his thinking.
To this point, though, there have been no conversations. General manager Jon Daniels has a history of negotiating his extensions in spring training. He's also been busy trying to put final touches on the 2018 roster; Andrus' agent, Scott Boras, has the bulk of the top remaining free agent talent on the market, so he's been a little preoccupied, too.
"Everything happens in time," Andrus said Friday. "I'm happy to be here. I want to be here. I want to retire here. Everybody knows that. I'm not approaching this season like I'm a free agent. I don't think of it as a free agent year, I think of it as a year where I want to be better than I was last year."
At the end of 2015, it seemed almost unfathomable that Andrus would be in a position to leverage his opt-out clause. His offensive numbers were well below-average at shortstop. If anything, it seemed the Rangers would be stuck with another "bad" contract. Andrus, however, made adjustments at the plate and has blossomed. His .299 average over the last two years is third among shortstops and his .805 OPS is sixth.
Andrus also remains optimistic that the Rangers can compete this year in the AL playoff races though the club has not made any high-dollar offseason acquisitions. Andrus did say he'd like to see the team add a pitcher, perhaps a closer before the end of the winter.
"I believe in my team," he said. "We have enough to compete and to win."
Twitter: @EvanPGrant
TAMPA, Fla. (AP) — Braian Angola had 18 points and a career-high eight rebounds to lead Florida State to a 72-53 win over Tulane on Sunday.
Florida State (9-0) jumped out to a 21-7 lead midway through the first half after a 10-0 run. Tulane (7-3) answered with a 10-2 run to close to gap to 23-17 but the Seminoles scored the final six points of the half to take a 29-17 lead.
Cameron Reynolds scored five straight for Tulane early in the second half to cut the deficit to eight but with Trent Forrest scoring back-to-back baskets, FSU scored five straight points to put the lead into double figures for good. After a Reynolds bucket the Seminoles put the game away with 10 straight, four from Forrest, to lead 52-31 with 10:25 to play.
“First part of the game I thought we were a little sluggish,” Seminoles coach Leonard Hamilton said. “Second half I thought we moved the ball better and that opened up some better high-percentage scoring opportunities for us.”
Forrest and Terance Mann each had 12 points for the Seminoles.
Reynolds led the Green Wave with 16 points and 11 rebounds. Blake Paul added 12 points and eight rebounds but got into early foul trouble in the second half.
Tulane struggled from the floor, shooting 25 percent (7 for 28) in the first half and 36 percent (21 for 59) for the game.
“We had a lot of great looks that I expect to go in the basket,” Green Wave coach Mike Dunleavy Sr. said. “We missed wide open 3s and some layups. I thought we did a good job of executing and good job defensively.”
Florida State got its offense rolling in the second half, shooting 58 percent (15 for 26) from the floor, including 5 of 9 behind the arc.
“Since the beginning of the year we've talked about ball movement and finding the open shot,” Angola said. “We don't worry about who gets the credit, we're just trying to find the open shots.”
BIG PICTURE
Tulane: The Green Wave only got to the free throw line eight times and shot 50 percent.
Florida State: The Seminoles made things happen on the defensive end with nine steals and five blocks.
NOT WORRIED ABOUT RANKINGS
The Seminoles are one of seven undefeated teams and had a dominating 83-66 road win over No. 5 Florida earlier in the week. At 9-0, Florida State is one win away from matching the best start in school history.
But Hamilton isn't interested in talking about whether his team is Top 25 material yet.
“I'm not concerned about that because at this point because I don't know what our limits are,” Hamilton said. “We're just trying to get better so once we get to conference play we're at our best.”
GOALS IN SIGHT
Tulane has already improved its win total from last season and Dunleavy believes the Green Wave are in a position to meet their goal of making a postseason tournament.
“We have two more games before the conference and we want to be 9-3,” Dunleavy said. “From there we've got 18 conference games and you are probably going to need to get around 20 wins to make the postseason.”
UP NEXT
Tulane: The Green Wave will host Nicholls State on December 18.
Florida State: The Seminoles will host Oklahoma State next Saturday.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
"Here is to reunions, togetherness, family, and love love love," Paltrow wrote on Instagram Wednesday.
The apple doesn't fall far from the tree. Especially when it's young Apple Martin, who at age 12 is more makeup-obsessed than her glamorous mother, actress and entrepreneur Gwyneth Paltrow....
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
Sierra Leone Telegraph: 30 May 2018:
President Julius Maada Bio having promised that he will take discipline and accountability very seriously in his government, last night made a tough decision to sack his secretary over a leaked memo which he wrongly said came from the president – ordering the finance ministry and government agencies to set aside various Finance Acts of Parliament.
The leaked memo sparked a political row, which was seized upon by the opposition APC calling for the sacking of the secretary to the president – Dennis Vandy for his gaff. President Bio last night sacked Vandy who has now been replaced by Dr Julius Fofanah Sandi.
In a statement issued last night, president Bio informed that Dr Sandi has been moved from heading the civil service and as secretary to the cabinet, to become his secretary.
Dr Sandi's leadership role in the civil service and as secretary to the cabinet will now be filled by Mr. John Sumailah.
Last night's statement from State House says: “The general public is hereby informed that it has pleased His Excellency President Julius Maada Bio (Photo) to announce the following appointments, subject to the approval of Parliament where necessary:”
National Security Coordinator – Office of National Security will be headed by Brigadier General (Rtd.) John Ade Oluwole Jah-Tucker.
Mr. Ansumana Mohamed Idriss will take on the role of Director General – Central Intelligence and Security Unit.
Kholifa Koroma has been replaced as Chief Immigration Officer (CIO) by Mr. Andrew Jaia Kaikai Esq.
The new Director-General of the National Social Security and Insurance Trust (NASSIT) is Mr. Mohamed Fuaad Daboh, replacing Mr. Joseph Saidu Mans.
The chairman of president Bio's SLPP party – Dr. Prince Alex Harding, will now take over the running of the National Telecommunication Company (NATCOM) from Mr Momoh Conteh as Chairman.
Dr. Foday Jaward has been appointed Executive Chairperson of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA).
Mr. Umaru Napoleon Koroma Esq. who is the secretary general of the SLPP party has become the new Chairman of the National Commission for Privatization (NCP).
Dr. Samuel Sangawulo Jibao has replaced Ms. Haja Kallah Kamara as Commissioner General of the National Revenue Authority (NRA).
Dr. John Edward Tambi has been appointed Chairman of the Presidential Infrastructure Initiative.
The new Chief Executive of the National Public Procurement Authority (NPPA) is Mr. Ibrahim Brima Swaray.
Mr. Joseph Simon Kapuwa will serve as Director General of the Sierra Leone Broadcasting Corporation (SLBC).
Mr. Abu Hindolo Moseray will take over as Chairman of National Assets and Government's Properties Commission (NAGPC).
The State House statement says that other appointments will be announced in due course.
Share this: Tumblr
Email
Print
Google
Reddit
LinkedIn
Twitter
WhatsApp
More
Pinterest
Facebook
What do you get when you cross an old man with a live, active bear trap?
One heck of a video!
This gentleman thought he'd test his speed and reflexes by punching a locked and loaded bear trap, and we believe it's to see just if he could get away with it. For an elderly fella, he actually moves pretty quickly, but is he quick enough to beat a bear trap?
Our hearts are beating! Even if you think your moves are as up to snuff as this guy, please DO NOT try this at home!
Via Rare
Follow JT on Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter
All adult members of the Loveland School District are encouraged to attend the Tuesday, April 25 event
Loveland, Ohio – The Loveland City School District in partnership with the Loveland Drug Task Force invites parents, teachers, coaches and staff to attend Parents Who Host Lose The Most – a special adult-only educational program to inform communities about the health and safety risks of serving alcohol at teen parties. The event takes place 6:30 PM until 8:30 PM Tuesday, April 25, in the Loveland High School (LHS) Auditorium.
Presenters will discuss the true impact of underage drinking, social media management, and appropriate ways to communicate with students even at an early age. Law enforcement professionals and legal experts will provide an educational component on how the law applies to underage drinking situations. Food and refreshments will be served. Participants will also receive a raffle ticket for the chance to win After Prom tickets to Scene 75 (value $25 each).
Background:
During the 2014-15 school year, the Loveland City School District formed a task force in partnership with the Loveland community that would ultimately culminate into the Loveland Drug Task Force. The Parents Who Host Lose The Most presentation is part of a $14,000 grant the Loveland Drug Task Force was awarded to implement drug and alcohol prevention programs for students for the 2016-17 school year. This is the second program sponsored by the Loveland Drug Task Force. In the fall of 2016, the Loveland Drug Task Force presented Right Under Your Nose.
Take Home Tano is about fresh, wholesome food for the frenzied family Our goal is to meet the needs of busy families.
Like this: Like Loading...
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
Mexico needs help to resist assault on free trade from US
More than 100 Costco stores nationwide will honor active-duty military members and veterans during Military Hour on Saturday, March 24, 2018. David Middlecamp dmiddlecamp@thetribunenews.com
By Ediri Ejoh with Agency reports
Abuja—The Office of the Attorney General of Switzerland (OAG) has blocked various bank accounts in Switzerland over an alleged oil bribery scheme linked to Nigeria.
This came as executives from oil giants Shell and Eni are due to stand trial in Milan, Italy, in May.
In a statement from its website, it stated that at the request of the Milan public prosecutor, the Swiss authorities confiscated assets and provided information and assistance to the Italian authorities, the Swiss attorney general's office confirmed yesterday.
The Dutch oil giant, Shell and its Italian counterpart, Eni were due to stand trial yesterday in the Italian city of Milan. However, the trial was postponed until May 14, Reuters reported on Monday. Nigerian and Italian courts have accused officials from both companies of having paid bribes to secure a licence for an oil field off the African country.
The case has been billed as one of the biggest ever corruption cases in Europe by anti-corruption campaigners.
The exploration permit, which concerns an oil block called OPL-245 in the Gulf of Guinea off Nigeria, was issued in 2011 by the Nigerian government to the two firms for $1.3 billion.
Three separate bank accounts in Lugano, Basel and Geneva were blocked, according to a report in German-speaking Tages-Anzeiger newspaper yesterday.
The prosecution confirmed this, but declined to comment on the value of the assets which were seized. The Tages-Anzeiger cited “several hundred million francs”, while the Nigerian authorities quoted a bribery sum of $801 million.
In all, 13 people have been accused, including Eni boss, Claudio Descalzi, and his predecessor Paolo Scaroni, two former top Shell managers, former Nigerian oil minister, Dan Etete and a series of middlemen and advisers.
The companies themselves are also corporate defendants. Both oil companies have denied wrongdoing and expressed confidence that the trial would exonerate them and the individuals.
Follow @insidefutbol
Former Leeds United star Andy Couzens feels Ronaldo Vieira has got a nasty streak, which is required in the middle of the park.
The combative midfielder, who was sent off in the 4-1 loss to Wolverhampton Wanderers last month, received a yellow card for a dangerous tackle in the 56th minute during the 3-1 win over Queens Park Rangers at the weekend.
Leeds boss Thomas Christiansen brought off Vieira in the 80th minute and Couzens thinks the decision was made to protect the youngster from getting sent off again.
Couzens, who went on to add that Vieira's substitution showed how important he is for Leeds at the moment, believes the Whites need the 19-year-old's nasty streak in midfield.
“The tackle was quite bad to be fair, he totally missed the ball”, Couzens said on LUTV, when talking about Vieira's substitution.
“He was already booked, he obviously got sent off obviously against Wolves.
“It just shows how big a player he is for this team in this present moment in time.
“He makes us tick and he has also got that nasty bit which we quite like, the bit which we need in the middle of the park sometimes.”
Vieira, who signed a new deal with Leeds last summer which will keep him at the club until 2021, has thus far made 14 appearances in all competitions for the Yorkshire giants in the present campaign, scoring once and providing an assist.
Y98 will host All-Time Low, All-American Rejects, Fitz and the Tantrums, John Rzeznik and Lights, on the West Community Credit Union stage at the Y98 MISTLETOE SHOW Saturday, December 2, 2017, at 6:30pm at the Family Arena.
Tickets will be available through a special pre-sale on Tuesday, October 10th from 10am until midnight, using the promo code: SHOW. Tickets will be on sale to the general public on Wednesday, October 11th starting at 10am.
Ticket prices range from $9.81 to $79.95 and can be purchased at The Family Arena Box Office, through Metrotix.com, or via phone at (314) 534-1111. Tickets purchased through Metrotix or by credit card are subject to Metrotix and/or credit card fees.
YouGov recently decided to measure the perception of cleanliness within the US' 20 most populated cities. Of the 20 cities surveyed, Minneapolis and Dallas came out on top. As it turns out, 90% of people surveyed think that Dallas is either very or somewhat clean. Denver comes in a close 3rd with an 87% cleanliness rating. Orlando is next with a respectable 86%.
But what about the dirtiest city? Well, that honor belongs to Los Angeles, coming in with only 67%.
Via Forbes
Fresno heart surgeon Pervaiz Chaudhry leaves the courtroom during a break in medical malpractice civil trial in Fresno County Superior Court in January. Chaudhry was subsequently found negligent for leaving the operating room during open-heart surgery in April 2012 and ordering his physician assistant to close up a patient's chest. While Chaudhry was gone, the patient lost blood, causing him to go into a permanent coma, testimony revealed. Pablo Lopez Fresno Bee file
Sharri Paula Phillips: Marvelous Journeys
Yellow Springs -based artist Sharri Paula Phillips has always been drawn to worlds of mystery and magic. Her works take inspiration from childhood memories of exploring the Boardwalk in Atlantic City, New Jersey. Mysterious carnival scenes, floating hot air balloons, fairy tree houses, and whimsical woodland creatures all make appearances in Phillips' colorfully crafted works. Her exhibit Marvelous Journeys will be on display in the Springfield Museum of Art's Chakeres Gallery through September 9.
Drawn to the worlds of mystery and magic, Phillips has captured fairies, gypsies, and carnival scenes in wall pieces, hanging pieces, 3-D art and more. Phillips' work may already be familiar to some museum patrons. Her piece “Fairy Dollhouse” earned the Museum of Art's People's Choice Award at its 71st Annual Members' Juried Exhibition in 2017. She works in mixed media including fabrics, papier-mâché, beadwork, found objects, textiles, and other forms. Shapiro points out while there are variations, there is also continuity in works such as the carousels. This “fantastic” exhibition is sure to delight viewers of all ages.
Sharri Paula Phillips: Marvelous Journeys will be on display in the Springfield Museum of Arts Chakeres Gallery through September 9.
The Boomer List: Photographs by Timothy Greenfield-Sanders
In partnership with AARP, the Newseum presents “The Boomer List: Photographs by Timothy Greenfield-Sanders,” an exhibition of 19 large-format portraits of some of the most fascinating members of the influential baby boom generation—one born each year of the baby boom, from 1946 to 1964, taken by renowned American photographer Timothy Greenfield-Sanders. The exhibit runs through June 17.
Visitors will gain insight into the boomer generation through interviews and portraits that focus on exceptional achievement, struggle and identity, telling the story of extraordinary Americans and the history they lived through and often created.
In addition to the 19 portraits, a timeline display features some of the top news events and pop culture moments that defined the baby boom generation, with images of memorable newsmagazines and photos of iconic objects from the period. Visitors can add their own memories at a comment station.
The exhibition also includes an original Newseum-produced film featuring the photographer's stories about the project. An interactive display allows visitors to explore dozens of candid behind-the-scenes images and videos of the photo shoots, and even a scent station offers memorable aromas familiar to the baby boom generation.
The Boomer List: Photographs by Timothy Greenfield-Sanders will be on display through June 17. The Springfield Museum of Art is located at 107 Cliff Park Rd., Springfield. For more information about the museum and exhibits, call 937.325.4673, or visit springfieldart.net.
Miamisburg Art Gallery Hosts Hometown Exhibit and Classes
The “My Hometown” and “Art Classes” Exhibits will run June 16 through July 28 at the Miamisburg Art Gallery.
Featured artists for June are Terri Caprio and Teresa Houston. The month of July will shine the spotlight on Elizabeth Martin and Rosemary Nick. All are local artisans with a loyal following.
The Miamisburg Art Gallery was founded in 1966 by local artist and instructor, Gene Woods, with the goal of promoting an interest in art and painting within the community. In addition to presenting five separate members shows each year, there is an area in the gallery where a featured artist displays many pieces of his or her artwork. The Guild also sponsors a Juried Show wherein artists form all over southwest Ohio bring their artwork to be judged.
The Miamisburg Art Gallery is located at 16 N. Main St., Miamisburg. For more information about the museum and exhibits, call 937.866.3891, or visit miamisburgartgallery.com.
Dayton Art Institute presents Devoted: Visual Performances of Faith
Devotion is a performance: the expression of reverence, love, and wonder from the devotee to the object of devotion. The use of visual art in religious practice is as old as faith itself, and traditions from around the world have made, and continue to make, paintings, sculpture, manuscripts, and many other objects that serve as vehicles for portraying one's beliefs. They enact memory, recording sacred texts and depicting sacred stories, and serve as mediums for carrying out sacred rituals.
This focus exhibition, pulled from the collection of the DAI, presents artworks from a variety of faith traditions in order to explore how visual objects perform devotion.
Devoted: Visual Performances of Faith will be on display through August 19, 2018 in the Berry Wing of European Art at the Dayton Art Institute, 456 Belmonte Park N., Dayton. For more information about the exhibit, visit daytonartinstitute.org, or call 937.223.4278. The exhibit is free to members, and included in museum suggested admission
for non-members.
Mark your calendar for the annual Art Ball
The DAI's premier fundraising activity, Art Ball has become a must-attend event. The annual black-tie event will be held on Saturday, June 9. Presented by Morgan Stanley, Art Ball is the culmination of many months of hard work by the DAI's Associate Board.
Art Ball begins at 7:00 p.m. with cocktails and hors d'oevres, followed by a seated dinner in the museum galleries. Following dinner, guests will enjoy live music, dancing, and open bars. There will also be a Grand Draw Raffle. For more information about the Art Ball, contact Sponsorship & Special Events Manager Elaine Gounaris at egounaris@daytonart.org.
The Vegas Golden Knights against the San Jose Sharks at the SAP Center in San Jose, CA. (FOX5/Vince Sapienza)
What's the best way to watch the Golden Knights play against the San Jose Sharks? With fellow fans!
Here are three of the biggest watch parties happening tonight in the valley for Game 6:
Toshiba Plaza
The Golden Knights are hosting a watch party at Toshiba Plaza, just outside T-Mobile Arena.
Cost of admission is free and New York-New York offered free parking for fans.
You can bring a chair, a blanket or anything else to make your viewing experience comfortable.
Activities at Toshiba Plaza will include corn hole, a shooting cage and a March to the Fortress, the same done for home game days.
Fans are encouraged to get to Toshiba Plaza by 3:30 p.m., an hour before the game is scheduled to start.
Henderson Pavilion
For those who can't make it to Toshiba Plaza, Henderson Pavilion is hosting a watch party of their own.
Admission is free and the doors will open at 2:30 p.m.
The game will be aired on a 18x32 LED screen.
Covered and lawn seating options will be offered, too.
Address: 200 S Green Valley Pkwy, Henderson, NV 89012
Downtown Events Center
The Downtown Watch Zone is returning just for the Golden Knights game tonight!
Doors for this watch party open at 3:00 p.m.
Admission is free, and all ages are invited to come.
The game will be broadcasted on a 72' LED HD video wall.
Food and drinks will be available for purchase as well.
Address: 200 S 3rd St, Las Vegas, NV 89101
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
After you watch this clip, you better not ever say that Tamar Braxton can't Sing!
The reality star and soul singer posted this clip of her killing it as she belted out her own rendition of Karyn White‘s hit classic “Super Woman.”
She got a little boost from folks including James Wright Chanel, the man who through his hilarious viral Youtube video helped Patti LaBelle's sweet potato pies fly off the shelves a few years ago.
Take a look:
WERK!
Tamar was prepping for the Columbia, South Carolina, stint of the national tour she's on with Xscape and Monica.
It's not a secret that Tamar has been going through a lot lately, especially in the face of her recent split with husband Vince Herbert, who is also Xscape's new manager.
With reports that he was allegedly physical with her, perhaps Tamar was singing this song about Vince and their relationship?
BEAUTIES: What do you think of Tamar's cover of “Super Woman”?
RELATED NEWS:
Tamar And Vince Struggle To Get Along In Exclusive Show Clip
Is Tamar Braxton Upset With Her Mother Over Domestic Violence Allegations?
Tamar Braxton Breaks Silence On Divorce: ‘That Last Time Was The Last Time'
ABC(LOS ANGELES) — While he didn't reference the content of her racist tweet, President Trump has referred to ABC's cancellation of Roseanne, a show whose success he'd closely watched.
The highly-rated show was pulled from ABC's lineup Tuesday within hours of star Roseanne Barr's tweet that former Obama White House aide Valerie Jarrett was the “baby” of the “Muslim Brotherhood and Planet of the Apes.”
Disney CEO Bob Iger reportedly called Jarrett to apologize, something with which the president apparently took issue.
“Bob Iger of ABC called Valerie Jarrett to let her know that, ‘ABC does not tolerate comments like those', made by Roseanne Barr,” the president tweeted. “Gee, he never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC. Maybe I just didn't get the call?”
President Trump didn't elaborate on which specific statements he was referring to.
Trump, who's been a friend of Barr's for years, called her back in March to congratulate her on her short-lived show's initial success after the revival's record-breaking debut.
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
KANSAS CITY, Mo. (AP) Chiefs linebacker Derrick Johnson expects to be back by training camp after tearing his Achilles tendon late last year and missing the end of the regular season and playoffs.
The four-time Pro Bowl linebacker ruptured his right Achilles tendon in a game against Oakland. It was the opposite tendon from the one he tore in 2014, missing almost the entire season.
Johnson said that rehab has been going well and he expects to be ”100 percent” when the Chiefs convene at Missouri Western for training camp in late July. But he doesn't want to put a date on his return, and it is possible he'll miss the entire offseason program, which officially began on Monday.
Chiefs coach Andy Reid likewise was optimistic Johnson will be ready for next season.
—
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP-NFL .
CAPE LOOKOUT, N.C (WNCT) – The U.S. Coast Guard is soliciting public opinion until May 16, 2017 on a proposed solar-powered LED optic in Cape Lookout Lighthouse at Cape Lookout, North Carolina.
The present sub cable power supply is at the end of its expected service life. To improve the light's reliability, the U.S. Coast Guard desires to modernize the optic, proposing to install solar panels for the lighting's energy source and present-day LED technology for the light.
The new light would still flash white every 15 seconds and be visible from 360 degrees, but will no longer rotate. However, this update will restore the light to its original characteristics.
The current light's maximum range is about 24 nautical miles, but the proposed new light would have a maximum range of approximately 14 nautical miles.
“Our utmost goal continues to be ensuring the safe navigation of the mariner,” explained Chris Scraba with the U.S. Coast Guard 5th District Waterways Management Branch. “With Cape Lookout Shoals already properly marked with six sea-going buoys, and the range of the new optic still reaching approximately four nautical miles beyond the continuous shoals, the modernization of the light will ensure its continued reliable service to the mariner in a cost effective and environmentally conscious way.”
The U.S. Coast Guard's proposal reflects its consultation with the North Carolina State Historic Preservation Office and the National Park Service to preserve the light's historical appearance. Solar panels will be placed at a SHPO approved site. The Coast Guard intends to transition the light and energy source on October 1, 2017 unless the current power supply fails first. If the current power supply fails before then, the Coast Guard will convert the light and energy source as soon thereafter as possible in accordance with response protocols.
Within the 5th Coast Guard District, which spans from Pennsylvania to North Carolina, 22 of 39 lighthouses have been modernized with solar panels during the past decade.
Interested mariners and stakeholders are encouraged to comment on the potential impact of this proposed change to the light's range. All comments will be carefully considered. Feedback can be communicated using the U.S. Coast Guard 5th District waterway data sheet, available at:
5th Coast Guard District Special Notice Waterway Feedback Form
Alternatively, comments may be emailed to Ethan Coble at Ethan.J.Coble@uscg.mil or to CGD5Waterways@uscg.mil. Comments should reference “Cape Lookout Modernization.” They may also be mailed to:
U.S. Coast Guard Fifth District
Waterways Management (dpw)
Attn: Ethan Coble
431 Crawford Street
CTV Vancouver
Several bystanders are being commended by firefighters for saving a family of five from a burning vehicle on the Lougheed Highway Saturday night.
Pitt Meadows fire chief Don Jolley said he arrived on scene to find a vehicle up on the meridian against a hydro pole and fully engulfed in flames. Luckily, bystanders had already extricated the five victims.
"There were probably seven or eight bystanders who rolled the vehicle onto its wheels and pulled those people out of the burning vehicle," Jolley said. "The vehicle was on fire when they did it."
Jolley credits their intervention with saving the victims' lives.
"There's absolutely no question that this family's lives were saved by those people tonight," he said.
The Good Samaritans were not hurt, but the five people in the vehicle were all taken to hospital.
Four of the victims were released later that night. But the fifth, the male driver, is still in hospital in serious condition according to police.
With files from CTV Vancouver's Penny Daflos.
Lars talks with Shawn Meehan, founder of the Guard The Constitution project about his mission to protect the US constitution from what he sees as deceptive measures taken by the federal government to change the constitution.
The post LISTEN: Shawn Meehan – Why Do You Think The US Constitution Needs To Be Guarded Against The Federal Government? appeared first on The Lars Larson Show.
NORTHWEST MIAMI-DADE, FLA. (WSVN) - A little girl found wandering around a Northwest Miami-Dade community has been reunited with her parents, Tuesday night.
The mother arrived at the scene first, followed shortly by the father, police said.
The father was seen quickly moving past the police tape saying, “I am the father.”
“When we reunited the dad with the toddler, she opened her arms and said ‘papi,'” said Miami-Dade Police Detective Lee Cowart.
Miami-Dade Police confirmed Wednesday morning that the man and woman are indeed the parents.
#Breaking: man who says he's the father of unattended wandering toddler found hours ago in NW #Miami-Dade now w/police. @wsvn #7News pic.twitter.com/HDWZjrVgP4 — Sheldon Fox-7 News (@fox_sheldon) May 30, 2018
“We're changing the mode from finding the parents, to investigating what happened here,” said Cowart.
The child, thought to be between 2 and 3 years old, was found wandering in a gated community located along the 17800 block of Northwest 59th Avenue, earlier Tuesday afternoon.
A photo sent by a 7News viewer showed the child next to a fire rescue truck.
Neighbors in the community went door-to-door trying to see if somebody knew who she was.
“We're all a very close community, so everybody really knows everyone,” said one resident. “We were just really surprised, 'cause if we know somebody, we're obviously gonna help you, but we don't know her.”
The Florida Department of Children and Families also responded on the scene and is assisting investigators. They believe there was miscommunication between the couple and the child's baby sitter.
Remember, if you see news happening and can do so safely, take a picture or shoot video and send it to: senditto7@wsvn.com.
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Stumbleupon
Former Keighley Cougars coach Jason Demetriou will provide inside knowledge for Brisbane and England coach Wayne Bennett ahead of the Broncos' clash with Warrington in the World Club Series on Saturday – and he insists the Wolves will be hungry for a scalp.
Demetriou, who enjoyed a lengthy playing career in the UK with the likes of Wakefield before embarking on a successful stint as coach at Cougar Park, is part of Bennett's coaching staff that will look to pick up a seventh consecutive victory for NRL sides in the World Club Series on Saturday night.
But Demetriou told the Broncos' official website that he is wary of the atmosphere that will welcome Brisbane's players on Saturday night – and admitted he is enjoying his time back in England.
“I left here as a coach with an aspiration to get into the NRL,” he said.
“Over the last couple of years they have decided to bring the World Club Series back in and fortunately the Broncos have decided to come.
“It is great to be back – I am feeling the cold a bit, but it has brought back a lot of fond memories.
“You let the players know about the atmosphere and the noise that will come – Warrington will make a lot of noise.
“Their English-based players will be up for this and they will be coming hard.”
Condemning the reduction of fuel prices by just 1 paisa per litre after 16 days of relentless price hike, the Congress in Mumbai said it would launch a social media campaign on June 2 to express its anguish.
As a part of the online campaign, titled “Tweet Morcha”, the opposition would mobilise people to post tweets to Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis over the issue and suggest ways to reduce the fuel prices, Mumbai Congress chief Sanjay Nirupam said.
The campaign is aimed at rallying the people who are active on social media to put pressure on the central and Maharashtra governments to reduce the fuel prices, he said.
“The fuel prices are being increased for the last 16 days. Now, the petrol and diesel prices have been reduced by 1 paise. This is a cruel joke and we condemn it,” he said.
Nirupam along with prominent ‘twitteratis', including author Sucheta Dalal, will gather at the Mumbai Marathi Patrakar Sangh office on June 2 and collectively start posting tweets to Fadnavis and Modi asking them to reduce the petrol and diesel prices, he said.
“We will also tweet on how fuel prices can be reduced. Maharashtra collects nearly 40 per cent Value Added Tax (VAT) on petrol per litre. We will tweet to Fadnavis to reduce VAT on petrol,” Nirupam said.
The Central Excise duty has been increased 211 per cent on petrol and 400 per cent on diesel in the last four years, he claimed.
“We will ask the prime minister to reduce the Excise on petrol. Similarly, we will also ask for removal of these two taxes on fuel and bring it under the Goods and Services Tax (GST), which is 28 per cent,” the Congress leader said.
The opposition party will soon release ‘hashtags' (used on social media to easily find messages with a specific theme or content) for people from across the country and the world who are active on Twitter to tweet posts seeking reduction in fuel prices, he said.
“Recently, we were out on streets to protest the fuel hike. But, there are people who prefer to comment online rather than taking to streets. This is our endeavour to mobilise this section of the society,” Nirupam said.
Meanwhile, the NCP organised a morcha against fuel price hike in the eastern suburbs of Mumbai.
NCP spokesman Nawab Malik led the protest by riding a bullock cart while other party workers pushed their fuel-based two-wheelers instead of riding them.
City Council Strikes Down Special Use Permit on Airbnb Property August 12, 2017
By Stephanie Edwards
Tribune Reporter
Members of the Lee's Summit City Council voted to deny a Special Use Permit for a Bed and Breakfast Homestay for a property that had been advertised on the Airbnb website platform. The special use permit application appeared before the Council at the August 10 regular meeting. Homeowner Anthony Blogumas made the request to the Council despite a recommendation to deny from the Planning Commission last month. The home is located at 2710 Monarch Court in the Monarch View subdivision.
Councilmember Trish Carlyle requested that the request be amended to deny rather than approve the request. The request to deny the permit was approved by a unanimous vote. Councilmember Dave Mosby was absent from the meeting.
Planning Division Manager Hector Soto, Jr. informed the Council that the City first became aware of the operation of the property as a short-term rental following a complaint made on March 28, 2017. The city's Neighborhood Services Division issued a notice of violation letter due to the lack of a special-use permit to operate a bed and breakfast. The property in question is zoned R-1, Single Family Residential.
Multiple protest petitions were filed with the City against the approval of the special use permit. Soto informed the Council that the number of protests filed more than met the requirement of a legal protest, which required a majority of six affirmative votes to pass the request. At least 30 percent of property owners located within 185 feet of the dwelling are required to meet that definition. In this case, 96 percent of property owners filed protests.
A number of Blogumas' neighbors appeared at the Planning Commission meeting to offer their protests for the allowance of this resident to use his property for Airbnb purposes. Chief among the complaints were concerns over noise and an overabundance of vehicles parked in what is a cul-de-sac. Three neighbors appeared at the Council meeting to reiterate their complaints against the application.
The Unified Development Ordinance (UDO) has two classifications for bed and breakfasts. One is for Bed and Breakfast Homestay which allows a resident homeowner to operate a Bed and Breakfast out of the home they live in. The property owner is required to reside in the property and rent out up to three bedrooms. Stays are limited to 14 days. The other allowance, a Bed and Breakfast Inn, allows for up to 12 guest rooms but still limits the stay to the length of 14 days.
The home is currently for sale. Blogumas told the Council he began renting out the property after losing his job, and needed to continue renting out the rooms in order to pay his mortgage on the property, child support payments, and other bills.
Neighbors complained that multiple cars had been parked outside the home. Up to 16 guests are advertised to stay at the home, though the applicant testified that this has occurred only a few times.
One neighbor told the Council that he returned home from weekend military duty only to have to weave around the cars parked in the cul-de-sac in order to reach his own home.
“What gets me about this is that this adversely affects the single-family residents in this neighborhood,” Mayor Pro-Tem Binney said. He further said that the City needed to address short-term rentals going forward.
SIMON EBEGBULEM
BENIN CITY-THE Edo State House of Assembly yesterday described as untrue and surprising the claim by the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the state that it sent a bill to the House stopping open grazing in the state.
Reacting yesterday to the claim by the chairman of the state PDP, Chief Dan Orbih that the bill is before the state House of Assembly, Speaker of the House, Alhaji Kabiru Adjoto, explained that what was recieved by the House was ¨a mere letter which we recieved from the post office talking about open grazing and not a bill before us¨.
According to him, ¨There is a procedure for everything. The PDP knows the address of the Edo state House of Assembly, they know how to present a private member bill or sponsor a bill. But they cannot go to a post office and post a letter saying it is a bill, we don´t even know the person that sent it.
¨They used PDP letter head but no body signed it, who are the sponsors of the bill if it were a bill they sent to us. Those who are sponsoring it should put their name. PDP is a political party is not the name of a person. If actually they intended to send a bill it means they have not followed the procedures, they simply went to the post office and sent the letter to all members using the address of the state House of Assembly.
¨We have PDP lawmakers in the House and if actually they are confused as to how to send a bill they should have used those as sponsors. There is supposed to be the names of the sponsors if it is a bill they actually sent and send to the House of Assembly not the post office.
¨What they sent was a mere letter, we need to know who is sponsoring the bill. They should follow the proper channel in sending it to the House and as the representatives of the people once the proper channel is followed we will treat the bill but as it is now, in the eyes of the law they have not done anything.
¨A bill is not something you send through the post office, the process of lawmaking is not mama akara business. They have PDP lawmakers in the House so if they are sincere about what they claimed they did they should have consulted those and even pass the bill through any of them¨ he stated.
On the menace of herdsmen in the state, Speaker Adjoto asserted that ¨ we have advised our constituents to be vigilante but not to take the laws into their hands. The real fulani herdsmen does not carry AK47 but we have criminal elements now carrying AK45 and we have told our people if we see such people get them arrested before they kill¨.
Sri Lanka's parliament approved on Friday a raft of tax concessions for a Chinese-led joint venture which will handle the southern port of Hambantota under a $1.1 billion deal that has sparked public anger and concerns in India and elsewhere.
The deal, signed in July, leases the port to a Chinese firm for 99 years and the tax concessions include an income tax holiday of up to 32 years. The port is near the main shipping route from Asia to Europe and likely to play a key role in China's “Belt and Road” initiative.
The joint venture comprises the China Merchants Port Holdings, which holds a 70 percent stake, and the Sri Lanka Ports Authority (SLPA), which has the remaining 30 percent.
“Today the parliament approved two motions… to grant certain tax incentives to those two companies operating the Hambantota port,” Ports Minister Mahinda Samarasinghe told Reuters.
In the 225-member parliament 72 lawmakers backed the tax concessions and seven voted against. Many opposition deputies boycotted the vote.
The government pressed ahead with the vote despite a suggestion from opposition lawmaker Dinesh Gunawardena, who suggested the measures should require a two-thirds majority, or more than 150 votes, given the strategic nature of the issue.
Government and diplomatic sources have told Reuters that the United States, India and Japan had raised concerns that China might use the port as a naval base and could be a threat to security and stability in the Indian Ocean.
An initial plan to give the Chinese firm an 80 percent stake triggered protests by trade unions and opposition groups, forcing the government to make some revisions that limit China's role to running commercial operations while retaining for Colombo oversight for broader security issues.
The government will hand over the port, built with Chinese loans at a cost of $1.5 billion, to the joint venture on Saturday and will receive $300 million, or around 30 percent of the deal, Samarasinghe said.
He also said the SLPA and the Chinese firm had signed the lease agreement just before parliament's approval of the tax exemptions.
There has also been widespread public anger over plans for a 99-year lease of 15,000 acres (23 sq miles) to develop an industrial zone next to the port. This land lease is under negotiation.
The parliamentary vote came a day after Sri Lanka's Supreme Court set a date for Jan. 11 to rule on three petitions against the leasing of land around the port to China.
Sri Lanka has said the Chinese firm will invest an additional $600 million to make Hambantota port operational and $1.12 billion from the deal will be used for debt repayment.
India is in advanced talks with Sri Lanka to operate an airport near Hambantota port.
(Reuters)
Police confirmed Monday the arrest of a 65-year-old who is accused of lewdness and sex acts while as a school employee.
Las Vegas Metro police released the booking photo for Randall Minyard in the case. He was booked last Friday into Clark County Detention Center on counts of first-offense lewdness with a child under 14 years old and sex act by a school employee with a pupil, 16 to 17 years old.
The police department did not immediately disclose other details of his arrest.
Clark County School District confirmed Minyard's employment as a substitute teacher at Sandy Searles Miller Elementary School. He was hired on Jan. 30 this year, but, as of Monday, is no longer employed with the district. CCSD did not disclose the specific reason for his ouster.
A 72-hour hearing was set for Wednesday.
Copyright 2017 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
I can't get over the fact that Connor McGregor and Floyd Mayweather Jr. will fight each other—in a boxing match—less than two weeks from now. On the surface, it's an absolutely ridiculous stunt, because Mayweather is the best technical boxer in the history of the sport, hasn't lost a bout in his professional career, and is absolutely going to wipe the floor with an opponent who is exciting, flamboyant, and occasionally sloppy . . . in MMA. In boxing? There's a better chance that McGregor will die in the ring than there is that he'll win the fight. In that sense, this is kinda dumb, and also embarrassing.
But in every other way? Oh my God—it's madness! If you believe that sports is more about entertainment than it is about pure competition, this is the triumph of the century. (Maybe any century?) Right from the start, you had McGregor making veiled or not-so-veiled racist remarks about Mayweather, which almost fooled the media into casting Floyd as the good guy, until they collectively remembered that he is also a terrible person. The negative press didn't stop either one from acting like idiots on their extended press tour, but the comedy has really reached a fever pitch in the last week with three very bizarre, very hilarious developments:
This Wright Thompson profile, which is typically well-written and compelling, describing the way McGregor is trying to overcome his "psychic roots." But there was something strange—I lived in Dublin for a few months in college, and though I was by no means an expert, the the hardscrabble city of Thompson's prose felt totally unrecognizable. As in, it felt like somebody wrote a great story about Belfast, and then substituted the word "Dublin" in every time "Belfast" came up. But again, I am no expert. However, the Irish Times have a little expertise on the matter, and they (along with what seems like dozens of members of the Irish media on Twitter) basically debunked the idea that Dublin is Ireland's answer to Compton. Thompson is one of the best sportswriters in the world, but even he couldn't escape the infinite levels of hype and BS attached to everything McGregor does.
RELATED: Last week's Monday Superlatives in sports
This video of McGregor fighting a heavy bag, in which...well...it seems like he somehow lost:
Now look, let's be fair—it's possible that the heavy bag was rigged with explosives, and that if McGregor hit too hard, or too fast, it would blow the whole room sky high. And that could totally explain why he boxed like he was petrified of an inanimate object. You never know!
These two videos of McGregor sort of knocking someone out in a sparring session:
Loading View on Instagram
Loading View on Instagram
Even if it looks more like the other guy just kinda fell over after failing to defend himself, at least McGregor won, right? Well, it turns out that his opponent was Paulie Malignaggi, a veteran 36-year-old fighter who retired earlier this year, and who was flown out to Vegas and was pissed that he had to fight right away, and was pretty sure the UFC set out to make him look bad. In other words, this is the fighting equivalent of FAKE NEWS!
I've never paid to watch a fight live in my life—unless you count cover charges at a bar a time or two—but this might have to be the exception. It's only going to get better from here on out, and man, imagine if Mayweather starts making news with the same volume and insanity as McGregor...at that point, they would deserve my money.
The "Let's Pretend This Didn't Happen" Career Finale of the Week
I wrote last week about how Usain Bolt lost his last 100m race to Justin Gatlin because of a slow start, and how strange that felt for the man who seemed indomitable throughout his career. Well, that was just the start, because in the very last race of his career, a 100m relay final, he actually pulled up lame on the anchor leg, and then fell over:
That is not how I want to remember Bolt! I mean, that's heresy. That's an example of reality defying scripture, or something. This was a greek god falling to earth, and landing in a pile of cow dung, and then a bulldozer comes through, scoops him up, and deposits him in a larger pile of cow dung. And in fact, I choose not to recognize it as truth. The minute I finish this paragraph, I am going to erase it from my memory completely. Until then, though, let's take a moment to summon our fury, look skyward, and shake our fists at the cruelty of father time, who humbles even the most perfect human specimens. And now, please strap this futuristic helmet device on and look into the camera...
(MEMORY WIPE COMPLETE)
The Baseball Tough Guy Silver Medal of the Week: Tim Tebow, St. Lucie Mets
Tim Tebow got hit in the head, and stayed in the game:
First thing, props to Tebow for taking the fastball from the Tampa Yankees pitcher and shaking it off like a champ. Second, at the risk of sounding like a jerk, I've never been more proud to be a Yankees fan.
The Baseball Tough Guy Gold Medal of the Week: Rich Hill, Dodgers
Tebow got hit in the helmet. This dude? The adam's apple. Yes, seriously:
Just like Tebow, he stayed in the game. Unlike Tebow, he wasn't hit by a hero Yankees pitcher, so he wins the gold medal for toughness.
The "I Will Always Include an Inside-the-Park Home Run in this Space" Man of the Week: David Peralta
15.59 seconds!! How is that even possible? How do you average less than four seconds per base? Truly the most exciting play in sports.
The 49-Shot Tennis Rally of the Week: Alexander Zverev, Richard Gasquet
This was the toughest call of the week—which 49-shot rally did I want to feature in this space? In the end, after long seconds spent agonizing, I had to choose this one:
Zvever, who is tennis' leading light among the new generation, saved match point and went on to beat Gasquet, and continued to the finals of the Canadian Open, where he'll meet Roger Federer. Connor McGregor has agreed to play a tennis match against the winner in what promises to be a $50 billion spectacle full of offensive outbursts, deep personal humiliation, and leaked videos of him acing Billie Jean King.
WATCH MORE VIDEOS FROM THE LOOP
GRIFTON, N.C. (WNCT) — More than a year after Hurricane Matthew, some residents in the East said they are still concerned about flooding in their area.
Wayne Mitchell said government projects are the reason his land is still at risk.
“If that water keeps backing up and if that pond keeps letting water out, there is nothing going to stop it from water heading that way,” said Mitchell.
Each time heavy rain is forecasted, Mitchell gets a knot in his stomach.
“I'm scared that water is going to come up over here on my lot and just take me out,” said Mitchell.
He said his land, which is on Tick Bite Road in Grifton, is at risk of flooding.
He blames mining projects in the area for blocking water pathways and drains.
“These mines, they're dumping the water in that swamp down there and that swamp is backing up,” he said.
Documents by the county and the state show there was a mining project approved in 2015 to withdraw 936,000 gallons of water a day and be pumped into existing mined pond areas.
Especially after Hurricane Matthew and continued rains, Mitchell said those pond and creek areas are now overflowed.
“The beavers have damned it up the banks are washing out,” he said..
He claims the constant threat has caused others in the area to leave.
According to those documents, the permit expired in September of 2017, but Mitchell said he is worried about the continued after effect and wants help.
“I'm asking for somebody to take this responsibility for these ditches down here because I'm not getting anywhere with them,” he said.
Veergati Actress Pooja Dadwal
Veergati actress Pooja Dadwal has been admitted at the Shivdi Hospital in Mumbai since 15 days now and is requesting people to help her pay the hospital bills.
A Sad State Of Affairs
A source opened up by saying that her husband and her in-laws abandoned Pooja Dadwal, as soon as they realised that she was suffering from Tuberculosis.
Pooja Dadwal's Health Condition
The source further revealed that Pooja Dadwal's health condition is deteriorating by the day and if no help is given at the right time now, it might be fatal.
Pooja Dadwal Contacted Salman Khan
Pooja Dadwal revealed that she tried contacting Salman Khan for financial help, but it all went in vain.
Casino Management In Goa
After Pooja Dadwal didn't find success in the film industry, she joined the Casino Management in Goa and was leading a normal life, until this tragedy struck her.
Lending A Helping Hand
We hope Salman Khan or any other Bollywood celebrity lend a helping hand to Pooja Dadwal and get her treated as soon as possible before it is too late.
(Photo Courtesy - Cineplex HD)
More UK households fall below minimum income level
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Written and Media by Justin Willis.
The regular NBA (National Basketball Association) season is wrapping up and the NBA playoffs are in full swing. There are usually a lot of controversial topics discussed with the NBA draft coming soon, one of them being different rumors regarding how the off-season could go. The question of focus for today is ”Who will win the 2018 NBA MVP award?”
Later this summer, on June 25, the NBA will host an award ceremony on TNT where they'll announce an array of winners for awards like Rookie of the Year, Sixth Man of the Year, Defensive Player of the Year, and most importantly, the MVP award. The MVP award is the most-awaited award of the season. Fans are dying to see who will win the title. There are three main candidates in line for the award this year: James Harden, Lebron James, and Anthony Davis. These top three candidates have been killing the game night in and night out during this season, but almost all eyes are on Harden and James.
Currently, Harden is in the lead to receive the award with 70.7 % of first-place votes, giving him the advantage to win. If Harden was to win, it would not be a big surprise to most NBA fans. For those who don't know Harden, he is the starting shooting guard for the Houston Rockets and, so far, one of the most dangerous players in the league. Harden has the ability to shoot lights out on any given night and can draw fouls at any time when driving to the basket. Harden has helped the Houston Rockets to an overall 65-16 record, currently the best record in the NBA. This record clinches the number-one seed for the Rockets in the Western Conference for the playoffs. Harden averaged 30.4 points a game, 8.8 assists per game with 5.4 rebounds, all while shooting 44.9% from the field.
In second place, while only receiving 27.6 % of first-place votes, is James. At the age of 33, with no signs of slowing down, James is rumored to have had one of his best seasons in the NBA so far. James almost averaged a double-double with 27.5 Points per game, 9.1 assists and 8.6 rebounds per game. Additionally, James played all 82 games this season for the first time in his NBA career.
Despite all of the records he has broken this year, James had to overcome adversity himself. In the middle of the season, James had to adjust to a whole different team due to a trade with four different teams trading away six players just two months before the playoffs. Even though there was not enough time to build chemistry and practice with new players, James still has made this one of his best seasons so far. He has carried the Cleveland Cavaliers to the NBA playoffs for the fourth year in a row since he left for Miami. This is why, in my personal opinion, James should win MVP.
Despite my opinion, sophomore transfer Elijah Morgera said, “Lebron should be the MVP, because, at age 33 and in his 15th year in the NBA, he's putting up some of the most efficient stats in his career while breaking several records. On top of that, he led his team that lacks star-power to a fourth seed in the Eastern Conference.
All eyes are focused on Harden or James to win MVP of the year, but at the end of the day, it is all up to those who vote for the player that is most valuable in their eyes.
The mother of a Brooklyn teen fatally shot by gang members who mistook him for a rival said she was broken by the loss.
“This is really like I'm in a nightmare, waiting to wake up,” said Paula Aumack, whose son, Genesis Wilson, 18, was murdered on May 25.
see also Gangbangers out to kill rival fatally shoot wrong man Three members of a Brooklyn gang went to a Canarsie...
Wilson was at a pal's house in Canarsie when the suspects — who were hunting down his friend — opened fire through a window and shot him instead, cops said.
Aumack, 43, rushed to Brookdale University Hospital to be at her son's side but it was too late.
“I was screaming, ‘Wake up! Wake up!'” she recalled. “‘I need you. You gotta get up.' He was still hooked up to the machine, but I realized the machine wasn't plugged in. He was gone! I just cried.”
That night, Wilson had been at the friend's house playing video games. Three thugs entered the back yard, spotted him through a window and allegedly opened fire, according to cops.
Aumack said the boy who lives in the house at 6 Paerdagat 6th St. had an ongoing feud with the shooter, who was dating his ex-girlfriend.
Despite his friend's death, the intended target isn't cooperating with authorities, according to police.
“Do you know the agony and the pain I go through daily — knowing they are walking around freely and my child is not here?” asked Aumack, wiping tears from her eyes.
Wilson loved to cook and dance and aspired to be a veterinarian. “He loved animals. He used to bring home stray cats and dogs all the time,” Aumack told reporters inside her Crown Heights home. “He would never try to hurt anyone.”
The distraught mom compared the death of her son to the mistaken-identity murder of Bronx teen Lesandro “Junior” Guzman-Feliz, who was hacked to death with machetes and knives.
By Olasunkanmi Akoni
ABUJA—Members of the Senate, Wednesday, urged the Federal Road Safety Corps, FRSC, the Nigerian Police Force and all other relevant Security Agencies to collaborate with Lagos State and other states in investigating culpability in the incident and ensuring that truck drivers comply with traffic rules and regulations.
The call came following the unfortunate inferno that engulfed a tanker conveying petroleum products which claimed 12 lives and 58 vehicles along the Otedola Bridge in Lagos, last Thursday, June 28th, 2018.
Senators further resolved to direct its relevant committees to invite the FRSC and NNPC to develop solutions to prevent such accidents in future, while also urging the Federal Ministry of Power, Works and Housing and State Governments to accelerate the development of trailer parks and installation of weigh-bridges to manage the trailer movement on our roads.
This resolution was reached following a motion sponsored by the Senator representing Lagos East Senatorial District, Senator Gbenga Ashafa, who addressed the Senate under Order 42 which provides for Matters of Urgent Public Importance.
In the Motion captioned; “Need to enforce stricter driving regulations against petrol tankers, trailers and other articulated vehicles across Nigeria,” Ashafa identified human error as the major cause of such accidents stating that “The Senate is further concerned that there seems to be a clear trail of preventable human error, lack of road worthiness as the prevalent causes of these life threatening accidents.”
Ashafa therefore, expressed displeasure over inaction of relevant authorities after a similar motion was moved in 2015 when series of fuel tanker fires occurred across Nigeria including the unfortunate tanker fire which occurred in the Upper Iweka area of Onitsha in Anambra State, claiming 70 lives, in 2015.
YORK, Pa. (AP) — One of five black women golfers who were told to leave a Pennsylvania club said Tuesday it felt like they were playing “with targets on our backs.”
Representatives of the Grandview Golf Club in York told the group at the second hole they were playing too slowly Saturday, said Sandra Harrison.
After the ninth hole, an hour-and-a-half later, the group of white men told them they took too long a break and needed to leave.
Harrison said she and two other women left because they were so rattled by the treatment.
“It was like we were playing with targets on our backs,” she said. “What other reason could there be other than we were guilty of being black while golfing?”
The club called police on the two women who remained. No charges were filed.
Club co-owner JJ Chronister has said she called the women personally to “sincerely apologize.”
It's part of golf etiquette that slow-moving players let groups behind them play through if they are holding things up, and often golf courses have employees who monitor the pace of play, letting golfers know when they are taking too long.
The five are part of a larger group of local women known as Sisters in the Fairway. The group has been around for at least a decade, and all of its members are experienced players who have golfed all over the country and world. They're very familiar with golf etiquette, Harrison said.
One of the women who remained and met with police, Sandra Thompson, posted a video on her Facebook page showing the interaction with club co-owner Jordan Chronister, his father, former York County Commissioner Steve Chronister, and several other white, male employees.
In it, Jordan Chronister tells the woman he's been timing them and tells them to leave the premises. The women argued they took an appropriate break, and that the men behind them were still on their beer break and not ready to tee off.
The women were told that the police had been called, and so they waited.
Northern York County Regional Police arrived, conducted interviews and left without charging anyone.
“We were called there for an issue, the issue did not warrant any charges,” Northern York County Regional Police Chief Mark Bentzel told the York Daily Record.
JJ Chronister told the newspaper Sunday that she called the women personally to apologize. She said she hopes to meet with them to discuss how the club can use what happened as a learning experience and do better in the future.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Where the leaders of Ontario's main political parties are campaigning on Thursday, May 31:
———
Liberal Leader Kathleen Wynne
10:10 a.m. — Makes an announcement, Mouvement d'implication francophone d'Orleans, 6600 Carriere St., Orleans, Ont.
Nigeria's Ex-international Emmanuel Amuneke and Ivory Coast's Didier Drogba were named by FIFA today as members of one of the two panels to shortlist candidates for Men's Footballers and Coaches of the year for the 2017/18 season.
Another panel will do the shortlist for Women's players and Coaches for the season.
Amuneke is 47 years old and former coach of the Sudanese club, Al Khartoum SC. As a winger, he represented Nigeria at the 1994 World Cup and played for great clubs, such as Barcelona, Sporting CP, Zamalek, Julius Berger and Concord.
The Best FIFA Football Awards is the premier annual awards celebration held by football's world governing body.
The men's panel also include legends Ronaldo, Fabio Capello and Frank Lampard, while stars Mia Hamm, Sun Wen and Maia Jackman form part of the women's panel.
The judges will shortlist ten candidates for each category, which will be unveiled on 23 July 2018 – with a public vote opening on the same day. Football fans, national team captains, head coaches and more than 200 media representatives will then cast their votes to decide who will be crowned the best players and coaches in the men's and women's games from last season.
With the 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia™ currently showcasing the finest footballing talent on the planet, the race for the Best FIFA Football Awards is even more intense and the showpiece event will take on added significance when it returns to London for a second time on 24 September 2018.
At last year's awards, Cristiano Ronaldo picked up the Best Men's Player Award, the Netherlands' Lieke Martens was crowned Best Women's Player, French icon Zinédine Zidane was named Best Men's Coach and the Netherlands' Sarina Wiegman was Best Women's Coach.
Separate panels will shortlist candidates for the Best FIFA Goalkeeper Award, the FIFA Puskás Award and the FIFA Fan Award, with the winner of the Best FIFA Goalkeeper Award chosen by a panel of FIFA Legends.
In recognition and celebration of the essential role played by football fans in the game, the FIFA Fan Award, an appreciation of memorable moments created by fans, is voted for by supporters.
The FIFA Puskás Award, handed out to the player judged to have scored the best goal of the year, is also determined by fans' votes.
The voting process for the men's and women's awards will open on 23 July and close on 10 August.
FIFA will announce the final lists of the three nominees for each of the four categories listed above – as well as for the FIFA Puskás Award, the FIFA Fan Award and the Best FIFA Goalkeeper Award – in September.
British Cybersecurity Agency Warns Against Kaspersky
Britain's cybersecurity agency has told government departments not to use antivirus software from Moscow-based firm Kaspersky Lab amid concerns about Russian snooping.
Ciaran Martin, head of the National Cyber Security Centre, said "Russia is acting against the U.K.'s national interest in cyberspace."
In a letter dated Friday to civil service chiefs, he said Russia seeks "to target U.K. central government and the U.K.'s critical national infrastructure." He advised that "a Russia-based provider should never be used" for systems that deal with issues related to national security.
The agency said it's not advising the public at large against using Kaspersky's popular antivirus products.
Martin says British authorities are holding talks with Kaspersky about developing checks to prevent the "transfer of U.K. data to the Russian state."
Kaspersky has denied wrongdoing and says it doesn't assist Russian cyberespionage efforts.
In September, the U.S. government barred federal agencies from using Kaspersky products because of concerns about the company's ties to the Kremlin and Russian spy operations.
News reports have since linked Kaspersky software to an alleged theft of cybersecurity information from the U.S. National Security Agency.
Britain has issued increasingly strong warnings about Russia's online activity. Martin said last month that Russian hackers had targeted the U.K.'s media, telecommunications and energy sectors in the past year.
U.S. authorities are investigating alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election, and some British lawmakers have called for a similar probe into the U.K.'s European Union membership referendum.
Prime Minister Theresa May said last month that Russia was "weaponizing information" and meddling in elections to undermine the international order.
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: Kaspersky Labs.
0:24 From the air, ruined landscape clearly shows effect of Oroville Dam spillway problem Pause
6:35 Video shown at SLO Chamber of Commerce dinner draws allegations of sexism
0:40 Oroville dam break would flood almost 200,000 California residents in 7 hours
1:42 Water gushes at California's Lake Oroville dam
2:52 What you need to know about the massive Oroville dam emergency in California
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
2:06 Mayor, residents react to Wal-Mart's decision to not build a store in Atascadero
1:29 Hiking Boucher Trail at Piedras Blancas
1:44 SLO County rock climbers take on Cabrillo Peak
For too long, the Giants haven't been able to depend on their offensive line. Now, they can't even count on knowing who their starters will be.
The Giants' most-maligned unit could face more trouble than usual Sunday against the Chargers, potentially having to take the field without two starters.
Weston Richburg (concussion), who had started 26 straight games at center, has officially been ruled out, while guard John Jerry (hamstring) was a new addition to the injury report Friday, and is listed as questionable. Coach Ben McAdoo said that Jerry — who has started all 20 games over the past two seasons — felt tightness in the back of his hamstring during practice Thursday, though he was able to complete the session.
If Jerry is unable to play, Justin Pugh likely will move back to left guard — from right tackle last week — and D.J. Fluker would likely make his second straight start at right guard, with Bobby Hart at right tackle.
With Richburg out, Brett Jones will start at center, marking the fourth different line combination the Giants have used in their first five games.
“It's exciting to get a chance to play center. I haven't had as many opportunities there,” Jones said. “Each time you're out there, it's a chance to get better, and I think I've been able to do that.”
Though Jones, 26, has spent more time at guard in his two seasons with the Giants, McAdoo said he was pleased with his performance in place of Richburg, playing the final 22 snaps during the loss last week to the Buccaneers.
“[I have] a ton of confidence,” McAdoo said Friday. “Brett, he's a pro. He prepares very well. He can play guard, he can play center for us, has a high IQ and a high football IQ and has some toughness.”
Another new line combination will be challenged against San Diego's talented defensive front, featuring reigning AFC Defensive Player of the Month Melvin Ingram, and Joey Bosa, who have combined for eight sacks. Offensive coordinator Mike Sullivan is encouraged by the offensive line's performances over the past two weeks, in which the Eagles and Bucs didn't record a sack, after the Giants allowed five sacks against the Lions in Week 2.
“There has been some improvement from that respect,” Sullivan said. “From a run game standpoint, there is no doubt about it we got to get better.”
Though the Giants ran for a season-high 91 yards last week, the team still has just one rushing touchdown and ranks 31st in the league with 59.3 yards per game, running for 3.2 yards per carry.
“We got a long way to go, but we made some strides,” Sullivan said. “Across the board, there were more examples of effective runs, of runs that were close to double digit gains and others that might have been just two-three yards, but were blocked well … I think there were a few flashes and a few sparks and hopefully we can build upon that Sunday.”
It will only be tougher without continuity, for a unit that looks shorthanded even when healthy.
“I think guys who've had to play some different spots and move around have done a commendable job,” Sullivan said. “I think the big thing is the entire unit has responded well with this despite the setbacks, despite us not being where we want to be.”
LOS ANGELES — The Eagles are heading out on tour with a son of founding member Glenn Frey stepping in for his late father.
The band announced Monday that it will visit Greensboro, North Carolina; Atlanta; Louisville, Kentucky; and Detroit in October. The shows will follow a Sept. 30 date with The Doobie Brothers in Seattle.
The Eagles played concerts in Los Angeles and New York last month for their first shows since Frey died at the age of 67 in January 2016.
His son Deacon filled in on guitar and vocals at the concerts and will join the band on tour in the fall.
This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here
Sasikala's husband Natarajan Maruthappa passes away
Expelled AIADMK leader VK Sasikala's husband Natarajan Maruthappa, who has been ill for some time, passed away at the age of 76 at a Chennai hospital on Tuesday. He was admitted at Gleneagles Global hospital after complaints of the chest infection.
Natarajan was put on ventilator on Monday as his condition deteriorated.
Also Read : Sasikala's brother makes shocking revelation on “Amma's” death
As per hospital officials, he passed away due to multiple organ failures, an ANI report said. Last year, he had also undergone kidney and liver transplant.
Currently, Sasikala is lodged in central prison in Bengaluru. She is serving a four-year jail term in a disproportionate assets case.
Image copyright PA
The Parsons Green Tube bomber was a "lovely lad" and "a bright and intelligent child", his foster mother has said.
Speaking in an ITV interview, Penny Jones said she felt "very betrayed" by Ahmed Hassan, who was convicted of attempted murder last week after trying to bomb a District Line train.
She added: "There is a small part of me that cares about him because I know he has mental health issues".
Hassan will be sentenced this week.
Mrs Jones and her husband Ron, who have fostered hundreds of children over five decades, gave Hassan a home after he arrived in the UK as an asylum seeker from Iraq.
They said they had no idea about the teenager's plan.
'In my house'
While the couple were away, Hassan made 400g of explosives and packed the device with nearly 2.2kg of screwdrivers, knives, nuts and bolts.
Mrs Jones added: "I am cross with him for what he's done, and that he's done this in my house makes me feel very, very betrayed, I can't help that.
"Because he's such a bright and intelligent child, he'd got a good future ahead of him. I find this hard."
Image copyright Met Police Image caption Ahmed Hassan, 18, was found guilty on "overwhelming evidence"
In court, the jury heard that he wanted to avenge the death of his father in Iraq and was "disappointed" when the bomb only partly detonated.
Mr Jones said he still struggled to accept what his foster son did. "He was so convincing and I had no cause to be suspicious of anything he had done," he said.
Your desk is slowly killing you. Or so believes Kelly Starrett, a physical therapist and author of the new book “Deskbound: Standing Up to a Sitting World” (Victory Belt Publishing,...
A day in the life of your back in New York City is not a pretty picture. But with some tips from the leaders in the field at NYU Langone's...
Rumors of Deepika Padukone and Ranveer Singh's marriage have been doing the rounds of social media for quite a while now. While fans have already started believing that a wedding will indeed take place sometime this year, DeepVeer's “pre-wedding photoshoot” is going viral on the internet.
An Instagram user, who calls himself as the biggest Deepika Padukone fan, took his excitement to a new level altogether. He decided to make a lovely pre-wedding photoshoot of Deepika and Ranveer using photoshop. And the outcome was hilarious.
Also Read: Bollywood Couple Deepika Padukone – Ranveer Singh's wedding look went viral on social media
Deepika and Ranveer sparked engagement rumors after their hush-hush trip to Sri Lanka on the former's birthday on January 5. However, Deepika rubbished the rumors. But it failed to convince their fans who still believe that the two lovebirds will definitely tie the knot this year. And the never-ending PDA between the two, be it on social media or at Bollywood events, is further adding fuel to the rumors.
We live in a society where people are quite judgmental about how a woman dresses or behaves. Sadly, in our country, a smoking and tattooed women are still considered promiscuous.
Kriti Sanon is all set to question this stigma with her role of Bitti in her upcoming film Bareilly Ki Barfi. Talking about it, the actress was quoted as saying, "Smoking is not good for health and should be avoided. I am a non-smoker, but the point we want to make is that girls who smoke, who are fond of body art or break into a jig are not characterless."
She further added, "Our society has a very small bracket for 'good girls'. That bracket needs to broaden up or change. When a guy is moophat or smokes, he is not considered characterless, but you judge girls too fast. This is seen more in smaller towns. In an arranged marriage too, only a girl is asked all kinds of questions. I really want this to change."
On the other hand, Kriti's alleged relationship with Sushant Singh Rajput has been grabbing headlines time and again. Recently while talking to a leading daily, here's what she had to say-
"Gone are the days when enjoying a movie or dinner with a co-star would be called a date. There is nothing wrong in being friends with your co-actors and if that involves dinners or movies, why not? It's sad if I stop socialising with a friend, just because people are cooking up stories. I am not answerable to any one. I would still hang out with my male friends and people can assume anything they like. As for Sushant, I don't have control over what people talk about us. I have already spoken enough about it."
Directed by Ashwiny Iyer Tiwary, Bareilly Ki Barfi also stars Ayushmann Khurrana and Rajkummar Rao and is slated to release this week.
/ Front page / News
AN application by a woman facing money laundering related charges to acquire documents from her former employer to help in her defence was granted by the High Court in Suva yesterday.
Nausheen Mezbeen Hussain appeared before Justice Achala Wengappuli.
She is charged with one count of larceny by servant, one count of theft, one count of obtaining property by deception and one count of money laundering.
She is represented by Lautoka lawyer Iqbal Khan, while Janita Prasad is representing the State.
The accused was an employee of the company, Art and Soul when the alleged incident took place in 2014.
It is alleged that during this time, every cheque with the complainant's signature used to bear attachments of an Excel spreadsheet which contained the breakdown of involved payments that was approved by him.
When the complainant gave evidence in court this week, he said all of these documents (attachments) had been destroyed by the accused after she was terminated from her job following these allegations.
However, when another State witness, Sydel Whippy took the stand, she said the documents were still with the complainant and it should be in their keeping for seven years.
Ms Whippy was the person who audited the accounts of the said company after Ms Hussain's termination.
Ms Hussain then made the application for the full disclosure of the documents and sought to justify her request by stating that from the beginning all payments were made with the consent of the complainant after he sighted full particulars of the payment which was approved by him. In support of her application, Ms Hussain also relied on her constitutional right to fair trial.
The State, however, said these documents were unavailable and the police had also failed to get them when they visited the Art and Soul company office.
In his ruling delivered yesterday, Justice Wengappuli said it was incumbent upon the court to provide an opportunity to the accused to have these documents obtained from the prosecution.
"The denial of such an opportunity to the accused would amount to withholding exonerating evidence," he said.
The trial has been adjourned to facilitate the accused to obtain these documents. The matter will be called again tomorrow to check on the filing of these documents by prosecution.
Win A Trip To Las Vegas During The FightEnter now for your chance to be a part of the fanfare in Las Vegas!
Corona Light Find Your BeachCorona Light wants to help you FIND YOUR BEACH!
Get The CBSMiami Weather AppGet the new CBSMiami Weather app and stay up to date on severe weather in South Florida.
Alternate Means Of Entry For CBS Miami Texting ContestsNo mobile phone or texting plan? No problem! You can enter online for any contest on CBS Miami by entering here as an alternate means of entry.
WQAM (AM) Contest and Promotion RulesUnless otherwise specified by Radio Station WQAM (AM) (the “Station”), these rules cover routine contests and promotions conducted by the Station. These rules may be amended by separate specific rules for major contests or promotions conducted by the Station or its sponsors.
Get CBSLocal iPad App For FreeCBSLocal is CBSMiami's new iPad app: Updated 24/7 with news, sports, weather, traffic & more.
DENVER–As the Giants prepare for their final day of a miserable eight-game road trip, several position players and pitchers must prove they deserve a chance to remain on the 25-man roster.
In the coming days, the organization will have a substantial number of decisions to make regarding the short-term and long-term futures of many key players.
With ace Madison Bumgarner scheduled to pitch for Single-A San Jose on Thursday and rejoin the Giants rotation next Tuesday, the club will need to clear 40-man and 25-man roster spots because the left-hander is on the 60-day disabled list.
Closer Mark Melancon is also nearing the end of a rehab assignment, and his eventual return will force general manager Bobby Evans to create space on the 40-man roster as well.
Get San Francisco Giants news in your inbox. Sign up now for the free Giants HQ newsletter.
The Giants already designated Triple-A reliever D.J. Snelten for assignment this week to provide rookie Dereck Rodríguez with a major league opportunity, but several other pitchers are in danger of losing roster spots. Minor league pitchers relievers such as Steven Okert and Roberto Gomez aren't guaranteed to hang onto their jobs, while major league reliever Jose Valdez is a candidate to be designated for assignment once he's healthy enough to be activated from the disabled list.
The franchise should also have two infielders returning to the 25-man roster within the next week, as Joe Panik and Alen Hanson will continue their rehab assignments with Single-A San Jose on Wednesday. Panik could be prepared to play on Friday at AT&T Park while Hanson is starting at shortstop for San Jose, a sign the Giants will consider optioning Kelby Tomlinson to Triple-A when Hanson returns.
Tomlinson made three errors in Tuesday's loss and is not in the starting lineup Wednesday, as Pablo Sandoval will make his second career start at second base.
Another decision closing in on Giants management is determining whether there's enough room on the 25-man roster to clear space for outfielder Hunter Pence.
Pence is in the final days of a long rehab assignment and the Giants have until Friday to activate him to their major league roster. The organization may consider placing Gregor Blanco or Austin Jackson on the 10-day disabled list to bring Pence back, but the club doesn't have much flexibility in the outfield.
Pence, 35, still has minor league options available, but it's unclear whether he would consider accepting an option after spending nearly a month with Triple-A Sacramento.
The roster calculations don't end with players nearing the end of rehab assignments, though, as the Giants will soon learn more about the health of starter Jeff Samardzija.
Samardzija spent the first three weeks of the season on the disabled list and exited Tuesday's contest with right shoulder tightness. The right-hander called it “a fair assessment” to assume the tightness is related to the pectoral strain that landed him on the disabled list at the start of the year and manager Bruce Bochy said Samardzija will likely miss at least one start.
For a team that's had the first two months of its season derailed by injuries, the Giants are eager to have core players like Bumgarner, Panik and Melancon nearing their return to the active roster. Though management has a flurry of difficult decisions to make, the Giants should be encouraged by the caliber of players poised to play soon.
Photos by Jason Tang/Courtesy Top Rank
The first impulse when someone sees Joey Dawejko in the ring for the first time is to laugh. After all, the 27-year-old Philadelphian resembles a bar bouncer more than he does a professional fighter. At 5-foot-10, 240 pounds, Dawejko looks more like a modern-day “Two Ton” Tony Galento than he does Wladimir Klitschko.
Dawejko is an everyman in a hard hat, an anachronism of a black-and-white era, where a desperate promoter finds the first guy walking by off the street and throws $250 bucks at him to fill in because a fighter fell out.
That's the assumption about Joey—and to a degree, it is Joey.
Looks, however, can be deceiving, and Dawejko has the personality and intelligence to know the truth: He can fight.
He had such a distinguished amateur career that he one time beat heavyweight contender Bryant Jennings in a Golden Gloves tournament. It's the same opponent Dawejko (19-4-4, 11 knockouts) will be facing on his biggest stage this Saturday night, as part of the Top Rank ESPN card taking place in Philadelphia's Liacouras Center on Temple University's campus.
It's a Philly-centric card featuring Philadelphia fighters Dawejko, Jennings, Jesse Hart, rising talent Christian Carto and Marcel Rivers. The main event features Jessie Magdaleno's WBO junior featherweight title defense against Isaac Dogboe. The card also features 2016 Olympic star Shakur Stevenson.
But the most explosive fight on the card could come between the old amateur rivals, Dawejko and Jennings (22-2, 13 KOs). It's a scheduled 10-round fight, which Dawejko is making great strides to prepare for, working with Hall of Fame trainer Freddie Roach for the first time.
“I know what people think, I'm the underdog, but I've been an underdog my whole life,” said Dawejko, the father of four girls, who was a roofer while he was building his boxing career. “This is a lot different for me. I used to be on the roof taking calls for fights on a few days' notice.
“It's happened to me a lot. This is my first real training camp. Bryant Jennings is a great fighter. He's a top-15 heavyweight and it means everything to me. When I beat Bryant, this will put me on another level. I like Bryant. I respect Bryant. I know he doesn't think that I'm in his class. That will all change April 28. He's a great person and a great father. I have kids I need to feed, and that's my drive.
“Bryant will have a tough time April 28. That's what I guarantee. I had a great amateur career. I could box. Bryant will be shocked. He thinks he's going to try to run through me and box me, but people will be surprised. That's all I'm saying. I'm the better fighter. He may have the better resume, but I'm the better fighter.”
Dawejko has had a constant knock throughout his career—he's never been in great shape. Joey has always had the confidence. Now working with Roach, Dawejko says, his confidence has reached a new level.
Roach has given Dawejko the time in the gym and is bringing out dormant boxing skills. Dawejko was 242 pounds in his last fight, and there is a chance he'll be lighter this time around.
“I've always fought bigger guys, my problem comes when I fight guys my size,” said Dawejko, who had 68 amateur fights and started boxing when he was 10, after being inspired by going to a fight with his grandfather at the legendary Blue Horizon. “I've been fighting heavyweight since I was 15. I had my share of fights in the streets, but most of my fights came in the amateurs.
“I would go to all of these gyms in Philly. I was the only white kid around, and I would go there, and beat them all up. I used to be called ‘the white kid,' because no one really knew my name then. My last amateur fight I fought Bryant at the Blue Horizon and I beat him.
“I won the fight, turned pro, and gave my spot up at the nationals to Bryant. He's done a lot in a short period of time. You can say I launched his career. When I turned pro, I got a lot of fights on short notice. I took a lot of fights on a week, a few days, I never really trained for all of my early fights. It's why my record looks so messed up.
“People look at my record and think, ‘This dude sucks.' People don't know the story behind it. I was winning fights without really training. You can say that I'm like the real life ‘Rocky,' but I'm not a leg-breaker or anything like that. Or not recently [he laughs], but I never did anything like that.
“I was a bouncer though. All of that is behind me. Everyone will see the real Joey Dawejko on Saturday. It's the first time I've ever been in great shape as a pro. Bryant is not used to fighting a guy like me. It will be a lot easier than people think.”
He has been doubted before that he's more fight than fat—and proven many wrong.
Struggling to locate a copy of THE RING Magazine? Try here or
Subscribe
You can order the current issue, which is on newsstands, or back issues from our subscribe page.
On Sunday, Jinger Duggar uploaded an Instagram photo of her baby bump, revealing to fans that she's 22 weeks pregnant. While the gender of the baby has not been revealed, we do know that the little one is due in July.
Jinger and Jeremy shared news of their pregnancy on January 3, in a statement on their website. It read, “Now, the journey has taken an exciting turn: we are expecting our first child! We are praising God for this beautiful gift and ask that you join us in praying for a safe and healthy pregnancy.”
Jinger has been updating her Instagram every two weeks with a photo of her belly.
The couple first met on a mission trip to Central America in 2015. In July 2016, they announced their engagement. In a statement to US, the two wrote, “From both of us, thank you all for the countless well-wishes we've received during the courtship. We are so excited to take this next step in spending our lives together. We are so grateful for how the Lord has brought us together. It has been an incredible journey so far and we are excited about serving Christ together in the coming days.”
Jeremy is a former soccer player for Major League Soccer and the North American Soccer League. He is currently a pastor. Vuolo attended Hartwick College before transferring to Syracuse University in 2010.
Jeremy and Jinger's baby isn't the only youngin' joining the Duggar family. Joy-Anna recently shared with her younger siblings that she and Austin are pregnant. On February 26, Joy-Anna gave birth to Gideon Martyn Forsynth. Joy-Anna told US Weekly in a statement, “Every child is such a precious gift from God. I'm most looking forward to watching Austin as a dad and raising children together with him. I have a lot of good memories of my mom teaching us and the quality time we spent together, and I'm really looking forward to doing that with my own children. It's such an amazing thing to be a parent and raise children!”
—
A NEW group, Muslims for Marriage Equality, has been established this week to build support for the ‘yes' campaign in the upcoming postal survey on marriage equality.
The group will bring together a diverse cross-section of Muslims to advocate for equal rights within the Muslim community and provide support to sex, gender and sexually diverse Muslims throughout the course of the campaign.
The founding of Muslims for Marriage Equality follows the endorsement of the ‘yes' campaign by Melbourne-based Imam Nur Warsame and the national advocacy group Muslims for Progressive Values.
Group founder Fahad Ali is a community activist and former peer educator with the AIDS Council of New South Wales.
“There is a diversity in belief and opinion on equal marriage within the Muslim community,” said Ali.
“The notion that all Muslims are opposed to equal rights for same-sex couples is absolutely incorrect. There is a strong thread of egalitarianism and social justice within the Qur'an and we think that it is very applicable to the question of same-sex marriage.”
In addition to advocacy work, Muslims for Marriage Equality is offering temporary postal addresses to anyone who cannot have their ballot paper sent to their home address for safety reasons.
The former nurse charged in the deaths of eight long-term care patients made a brief court appearance in Woodstock.
Elizabeth Wettlaufer, 49, appeared by video link from the Vanier Centre for Women in Milton.
It was the first time she's been in court since additional four charges of attempted murder and two counts of aggravated assault were laid against her last month.
She is due back in court March 3, court heard Wednesday.
The bodies of two of Wettlaufer's alleged victims, including that of Londoner Arpad Horvath Sr., were exhumed in January.
Wettlaufer faces eight murder charges, four attempted murder charges and two charges of aggravated assault.
More later at LFPress.com
JUNEAU, Alaska (AP) – U.S. senators in Alaska, Washington and Hawaii have proposed legislation intended to improve volcano monitoring efforts and early warning capabilities.
The measure would put the Alaska, Cascades and Hawaiian volcano observatories into a connected system and create a 24-hour Volcano Watch Office to provide ongoing situational awareness of active volcanoes in the U.S. and its territories.
A Senate energy committee release says the Alaska Volcano Observatory has long been underfunded and is among the busiest observatories in the world. The Cascades observatory, in Washington, monitors volcanoes in that state, Oregon and Idaho, and two of the more active volcanoes, Kilauea and Mauna Loa, are monitored by the Hawaiian observatory.
The bill is from Sens. Lisa Murkowski, Maria Cantwell of Washington and Mazie Hirono of Hawaii, all energy committee members.
The U.S. dollar kicked the week off slightly weaker as traders focused on Brexit developments that pushed the British pound to a one-month high against the buck.
What are currencies doing?
The ICE U.S. Dollar Index DXY, -0.40% was 0.4% down at 89.874 on Monday, after raking in its fourth weekly gain in a row last week when the index gained 0.2%, according to FactSet. The broader WSJ U.S. Dollar Index BUXX, -0.22% which measures the buck against a basket also including emerging markets currencies, was off 0.2% at 83.78.
The British pound GBPUSD, +0.6670% soared to $1.4041, compared with $1.3944. The pair hit a session-high of $1.4089, marking a one-month high. Against the euro EURGBP, +0.0341% sterling also gained, with one euro buying £0.8789, down from £0.8814 late Friday in New York.
Versus the dollar, the euro EURUSD, +0.4638% was stronger at $1.2340, compared with $1.2291 Friday.
The greenback reversed previous gains against the Japanese yen USDJPY, +0.09% albeit remaining rangebound. One dollar last bought ¥105.87, versus ¥105.98 late Friday in New York.
Read: Here's what a scandal in Japan could mean for the yen
Against the Canadian dollar USDCAD, -0.2138% the buck slipped some to C$1.3083, compared with C$1.3097 late Friday.
The commodity-reliant Russian ruble USDRUB, +0.5011% retreated against the greenback on the first trading day after the Russian presidential election, which incumbent Vladimir Putin won, as oil prices trended lower. One dollar last bought 57.9282 rubles, up 0.6%, according to FactSet.
What is moving the market?
The week kicked off without any major economic data reports from the U.S., leaving market participants to focus on developments surrounding Britain's exit from the European Union.
EU diplomats have approved the broad terms of the U.K.'s two-year transition deal, seen as a market-friendly outcome. In response, the British pound jumped above the psychologically important $1.40-mark, hitting its highest level in a month, as chief EU negotiator Michel Barnier confirmed an agreement had been reached.
Under the transition deal, the U.K. will continue implementing EU rules until the end of 2020. The issue of the Irish border—which divides the Republic of Ireland, an EU member state, from Northern Ireland, which is part of the U.K.—remains unsolved.
Check out: Pound could surge in ‘frenetic' week of Brexit and BOE news, ING says
In other negotiations, Canadian finance minister Bill Morneau spoke of progress in the renegotiations of the North American Free Trade Agreement at the Institute of International Finance G-20 Conference in Buenos Aires. That briefly drove the Canadian dollar higher against its U.S. counterpart.
The G-20 meeting will take place this week, and market participants are likely to focus on the trade and geopolitical implications of the discussions there.
Traders are also looking ahead to the two-day meeting of U.S. Federal Reserve policymakers, who are expected to raise interest rates when the meeting wraps on Wednesday. Nevertheless, the U.S. dollar kicked off the week on a weaker note, as traders focused on the upside in other currencies.
See: 5 things to watch from the Fed decision
And read: Twin deficit is not the whole story behind dollar weakness, according to Pimco
What are strategists saying?
“The pound has moved higher against both the U.S. dollar and the euro—given that today's reported agreement is a positive surprise for investors who had broadly scaled back their expectations for any Brexit progress being achieved this week,” said Viraj Patel, FX strategist at ING.
“We believe that the pound's repricing of Brexit transition optimism is now complete—and revert our attention back to U.k. economic fundamentals to determine the scope and extent of any pound appreciation over the coming weeks,” Patel added.
Here's video from today's awesome moment when 17-year-old Ariana helped women's division champ Chandler Self get across the @DallasMarathon finish line. #RUNBMWDALLAS More from @NBCDFW >> https://t.co/41OcRAiUTS pic.twitter.com/FXcKERWd63 — Allie Spillyards (@AllieSpillyards) December 10, 2017
Ariana Luterman, a high school senior running a relay at the BMW Dallas Marathon, was only a few miles from the finish line when she saw the leader of the marathoners, Chandler Self, struggling.
So, in a moment that will (at least briefly) restore your faith in humanity (as marathons are often apt to do), according to reports, she went over to Self and told her that she was going to run with her — an invaluable feeling when you're suffering alone on a marathon course.
More from the Dallas Morning News:
“Right when I caught up with her at the [relay team's] 21/2-mile mark, I told her: ‘Just so you know, the high school relay is out here to compete with you guys. I'm going to be your pacer. We're going to get you that win.' “She said ‘OK, sounds good,' but I think she was confused.”
Later, when they were only a few feet from the finish line, Self's legs collapsed from under her and Luterman quickly helped her up — and eventually across the finish line.
According to the Dallas Morning News, it's against race rules to have assistance from people who aren't in the competition — though there's no specific rule about assistance from other competitors.
But as for an extra dose of restoring faith in humanity? The second-place finisher, Caitlin Keen, told the newspaper that she wasn't going to complain about the results.
Read more over at USA TODAY High School Sports
MIAMI (AP) — When Detroit coach Stan Van Gundy was told pregame how many Miami players were missing because of injuries, he immediately figured that his team would be tested.
He was right.
Fortunately for him, the Pistons responded.
Reggie Jackson scored 27 points, Andre Drummond finished with 25 points and 18 rebounds and the Pistons wore down the depleted Heat for a 107-98 victory Sunday night. Miami was without five players, all of whom have started this season — and had more than 70 percent of its payroll unable to play for a variety of reasons.
“When other guys get opportunities to have the ball in their hands, it's a dangerous thing,” Van Gundy said.
And it was, for a while. The Heat made their first eight shots and scored 66 points in the first half. But after that sizzling beginning, Miami shot 39 percent the rest of the way and managed only 32 points after halftime.
More numbers from tonight's game vs Detroit pic.twitter.com/hvgC1FjVDS — Miami HEAT (@MiamiHEAT) January 2, 2017
The Heat were without what could have been a starting lineup — Goran Dragic (back), Dion Waiters (groin), Justise Winslow (shoulder), Josh McRoberts (foot) and Hassan Whiteside (eye).
“They played better,” Heat coach Erik Spoelstra said, after his team dropped its fifth straight. “I think to be fair, we probably ran out of gas a little bit. Not as an excuse, but we were playing guys big minutes. … I told the guys there was nothing to be ashamed of in this game.”
Kentavious Caldwell-Pope scored 23 for Detroit. James Johnson scored 20 points and Wayne Ellington had 18 for Miami, which got 14 from Josh Richardson and led by as many as 14.
“We really woke up at halftime,” Drummond said. “We talked about it. We came out with great intensity.”
Miami scored 15 points in the third quarter and zero points in the first 5 minutes of the fourth. Detroit took command with a 27-8 run over a stretch of a little more than 8 minutes.
“I thought we played a lot harder in the second half,” Van Gundy said.
TIP-INS
Pistons: Marcus Morris returned after missing Friday's game in Atlanta with a sore left knee. … The Pistons committed five fouls in the first 1:45 of the second quarter, but the Heat only got one trip to the line while in the bonus. … Detroit lost Aron Baynes to a sprained left ankle in the fourth quarter.
Heat: Whiteside was the only Miami player to been in every game this season. Miami has now used 14 different starting lineups in the last 29 games. … Miami plans to have its injured players, except McRoberts, travel with them when they leave on Monday for a six-game trip that starts in Phoenix on Tuesday. … Dragic, Winslow and Whiteside could all be back as early as Tuesday.
PAIR OF FIRSTS
A pair of streaks ended in this game. Miami was 6-0 all-time on New Year's Day. And Detroit was 0-17 this season when trailing at the half; the Pistons were down 66-58 at the break Sunday.
UDONIS AND UDRIH
The only current players in the NBA with names that start with “Ud” — Miami's Udonis Haslem and Detroit's Beno Udrih, a former Heat guard — chatted for a few minutes at midcourt before the game. Haslem logged a season-high 21 minutes for the short-handed Heat. Udrih didn't play.
SPO AND STAN
Even as both endure rough seasons, Spoelstra and Van Gundy remain among the NBA's winningnest active coaches. Among coaches with at least 500 games, San Antonio's Gregg Popovich is No. 1 in winning percentage, Washington's Scott Brooks is No. 2 — followed by Spoelstra and Van Gundy.
UP NEXT
Pistons: Host Indiana on Tuesday, opening a quick two-game homestand.
Heat: Visit Phoenix on Tuesday. The Heat don't play at home again until Jan. 17.
Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
1:48
Cal Poly grad's Farmbot aims to revolutionize food production — one garden bed at a time
The European Union has persuaded the U.K. to agree to all its key demands for the terms of a Brexit transition, while throwing a free bone to the British bulldogs in Theresa May's Tory party who want a quick, clean split.
At first glance, the terms of the transitional phase fit precisely the recipe set down by the EU's chief negotiator Michel Barnier -- a 21-month “status quo” period during which the rest of the world carries on treating the U.K. as if it were still a member of the bloc.
Davis and Barnier while highlighted negotiation documents are projected on a screen, in Brussels on March 19. Photographer: Dario Pignatelli/Bloomberg
Normally, this kind of deal would risk provoking an outcry from hardline Brexit supporters in the U.K. The crucial difference is that the EU has given May permission to pursue the dream of many of the keenest Brexit supporters: to strike new free-trade deals with other countries around the world.
For the likes of Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson -- who led the pro-Brexit campaign -- and the influential Tory lawmaker Jacob Rees-Mogg, this vision of Britain as a great global trading nation is a core tenet of their faith in the project. They see the potential for new FTAs with the U.S., Australia, India and even China, in the coming decades for what they call “global Britain.”
To the delight of May's officials, the latest draft of the exit treaty published Monday contains an explicit promise that the U.K. can negotiate any of these deals during the transition phase -- without asking the EU's permission first.
The draft legal text goes even further -- saying the U.K. will even be able to implement these agreements before the end of the transition if the bloc allows.
Yet this is likely to be a cost-free promise from the European negotiating team in Brussels.
Trading Nation
Striking an ambitious free-trade deal with a country like the U.S. is likely to take a lot longer than the 21 months of a transition period. Not even the British Trade Secretary Liam Fox believes that this should be his first focus.
Instead, the U.K. will be scrambling to replicate the EU's own 40 trade agreements with third countries, which will carry on during the transition period but end on Jan. 1, 2021.
What did the EU get in exchange? British agreement on just about everything else -- the length of the transition, the need for a legal backstop plan for the Irish border, migration on existing terms, and the jurisdiction of the European Court of Justice.
But at the very least, the EU's offer to give Britain its trading freedom shows that they want to help May keep her job. For the EU, Brexit would become a crisis if the prime minister were ousted and replaced with either Johnson or Rees-Mogg.
OAKLAND, Calif. — Maryland's Kevin Huerter declared for the NBA draft thinking that it was going to be an exploratory mission, one that might prepare him to go pro next season.
Turns out, he's ready now.
Huerter said Wednesday that he is forgoing his final two seasons of college eligibility and staying in the draft, after a strong showing at the pre-draft combine in Chicago earlier this month and some subsequent workouts and interviews with NBA clubs. Wednesday was the deadline day for underclassmen to say whether they're staying in the draft or going back to school.
In the end, he decided to not risk losing this opportunity.
"This year is guaranteed," Huerter said from his parents' home in Clifton Park, New York. "Next year is not."
It's widely believed he will be a first-round pick.
The 6-foot-7 wing impressed scouts at the combine not just with his ability to shoot the ball, but also his passing and athleticism. He was near the top of the charts in several testing categories at the combine.
He averaged 14.8 points on 50 per cent shooting for the Terrapins this past season, shooting 42 per cent from 3-point range.
"This was pretty tough," said Huerter, who wavered several times on the decision in the past couple of days. "Everything happened pretty fast. When I declared I didn't really expect to be leaving. This was a pretty tough decision and when things started happening there came a time when I actually had to start really thinking about things."
This has been a rapid ascent for Huerter. In 2015, he led Shenendehowa High to a New York state basketball championship. A year later, he led Shenendehowa to a state title in baseball.
ST. JOHN'S, N.L. — The blizzard that walloped the Maritimes was hitting eastern Newfoundland today with heavy winds and snow.
The storm had already dropped over 40 cm of snow on the Avalon peninsula and it was predicted to continue snowing through the day just as another system was heading for Atlantic Canada Thursday.
Schools and universities are closed and many public services in St. John's aren't operating, with buses suspending their service possibly until later in the day.
Areas outside the Avalon were also hit, with central Newfoundland receiving 10 to 15 cm of new snow and winds gusting to 110 km/h in areas along the southern and northeastern coasts.
Environment Canada meteorologist David Neil says the St. John's airport had already recorded 53 cm of snow this morning and could get another 10 cm before the system moves out.
Vast areas of the Maritimes were snowed under Monday from a blizzard that dumped almost 80 cm of snow at Canadian Forces Base Gagetown in central New Brunswick, with wind gusts reaching 120 kilometres per hour along the coast near Halifax.
The Canadian Press
The President of Miyetti Allah Kautal Hore Socio-cultural Association, Bello Abdullahi Bodejo has warned that they will resist any attempt to remove President Muhammadu Buhari in 2019. Bodejo warned that Nobody should try and remove Buhari, adding th...
BATON ROUGE, La. — A senior federal judge in Louisiana died Saturday, days before he was to preside over the trial of a private investigator accused of trying to get Donald Trump's tax returns illegally during the 2016 presidential campaign, court officials said.
Chief Judge Brian A. Jackson of Louisiana's Middle District said Saturday in a statement that Judge James J. Brady had died. Michael McConnell, clerk of court for the district, confirmed that Brady died Saturday at a Baton Rouge hospital after a brief illness.
Brady was to preside as jury selection began Monday in the trial of Jordan Hamlett. It was not immediately clear what would happen with the trial following Brady's death.
The 32-year-old Lafayette resident is charged with misusing a Social Security number in his attempts to access Trump's tax information through a government website. Authorities say Hamlett failed in his attempts to get Trump's tax returns several weeks before last year's presidential election.
Hamlett's attorney says he didn't have “intent to deceive” — a key element of the charge he faces.
Every president since Jimmy Carter has released tax returns, in what has become an American tradition during presidential elections. Trump has refused to release his.
A biography on the court's website says Brady was nominated to the bench in 1999 by then-President Bill Clinton and assumed senior status in December 2013. Senior status is a form of semi-retirement for federal judges, who get lifetime appointments. It enables them to take reduced caseloads while continuing to draw a salary.
The district's chief judge said in his statement that Brady's fellow judges “mourn the loss of our esteemed colleague and friend.” He continued, “Judge Brady's remarkable career as a federal judge was exemplary and his commitment to providing equal justice under the law resonated throughout his career as a lawyer and a judge. He will forever be remembered for his extraordinary integrity, compassion and devotion to the rule of law.”
Louisiana Gov. John Bel Edwards said in a statement that Brady “represented honesty, fairness and integrity on the federal bench in Louisiana, and his wisdom in the courtroom will be sorely missed.”
Acting U.S. Attorney Corey R. Amundson called him “a great man, and a dedicated jurist with tremendous compassion, integrity and ability.”
By Kathryn Kelman/editor-in-chief
In light of Larry Nassar's sentencing trial last week, two things are clear: The sexual predator doctor is a monster who deserves what's coming to him, and USA Gymnastics, one the most prominent youth sports organizations in America, is complicit in Nassar's serial molestation of young women.
So far, the organization has lost sponsors from Under Armour to AT&T, and the U.S. Olympic Committee has demanded all board members step down. All of this is warranted because the moral corruption that prioritized money and medals over athletes' safety is what led to ignoring allegations of sexual abuse and why Nassar was allowed to hurt so many.
But he is not the only abuser that's been allowed to prey on young gymnasts for decades.
In 2016, The Indianapolis Star investigated USA Gymnastics and discovered the organization had followed a practice of not reporting all sexual abuse allegations against its coaches. It revealed that 368 gymnasts spoke up about being sexually abused over the last 20 years.
The findings of The Star's investigation were supported by the countless victims who spoke at Nassar's sentencing and pointedly noted they had come forward for years and were silenced.
This is a case of gross negligence.
USA Gymnastics says it will examine what happened and change its policies, but policies were in place that should've prevented this. In fact, one existed that forbade physicians from being alone in a room while conducting exams or treatments on young athletes. So for Nassar to have done just that for 20 years makes it obvious that the policies weren't the problem. The people in charge of enforcing the policies were.
The USOC demanding the board of directors resigns was an important step toward redeeming USA Gymnastics. They perpetuated the culture that allowed predators in the organization to repeatedly prey on young athletes. So, they, too, are guilty and put the safety of future gymnasts at risk.
Completely disbanding the organization could risk the careers of athletes currently competing through USA Gymnastics, but those issues can be resolved.
Sometimes, it's better to light a match, burn the place down and start fresh.
Hizbollah boosted by battleground successes in Syria conflict
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Nordic countries wary of Russia pledge closer ties
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Best Fish Sandwiches In MinnesotaA breaded, deep fried rectangular patty made from white meat fish such as cod or pollock, the fish sandwich, or fishwich, came into its own as a burger when introduced at McDonald's in 1962. Since then, the fish sandwich has become a lunch and dinner favorite. If you favor the local catch, try a walleye fish sandwich.
The President of Miyetti Allah Kautal Hore Socio-cultural Association, Bello Abdullahi Bodejo has warned that they will resist any attempt to remove President Muhammadu Buhari in 2019. Bodejo warned that Nobody should try and remove Buhari, adding th...
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
The illusion of globalism is meeting its match in populism
National Herald tax case : High court asks Young Indian Pvt Ltd to deposit Rs 10 crore
The Delhi high court directed Young Indian Pvt Ltd (YI), whose major stakeholders are Congress president Rahul Gandhi and his mother, Sonia Gandhi, on Monday to deposit Rs 10 crore in the over Rs 249 crore income tax proceedings against the firm.
A bench of Justices S Ravindra Bhat and A K Chawla said the company can deposit half the amount with the I-T department before March 31 and the remainder by April 15, adding that if the money is deposited the tax wing won't enforce its demand of over Rs 249 crore as long as the plea is pending.
Also Read : Rahul Gandhi to hoist flag at Red Fort on next year ,says Navjot Singh Sidhu
The HC listed the matter for April 24 for further hearing and sought a response from the I-T department which has demanded Rs 249 crore for the assessment year 2011-12.
The firm Young Indian is accused, along with Sonia Gandhi and Rahul Gandhi, in the National Herald alleged misappropriation of assets case.
In 1967, 20-year-old Kathrine Switzer made history when she defiantly became the first woman to officially run in the Boston Marathon — even as race officials tried to physically stop her.
Fifty years later, she finished the race a second time, donning the same number: 261.
"I just ran the fastest marathon I've run in 46 years," she told NBC News after crossing the finish line Monday.
It's an impressive feat for someone whose coach once told her, "No dame ain't ever run no marathon."
Her story is well-known, especially to female runners.
The first time around, as a Syracuse University student, she registered for the marathon as K.V. Switzer, and no one seemed to notice she was a woman until two miles into the race.
That's when Jack Semple, a race official, jumped off the press bus and ran after her.
"He grabbed me ... threw me back and he said, 'Get the hell out of my race and give me those numbers,'" Switzer recalled. "And he tried to pull my bib numbers off."
Kathy Switzer is roughed up by race official Jack Semple during the 1967 Boston Mararthon. Boston Globe via Getty Images
Her boyfriend at the time intervened, pushing Semple away while Switzer continued doing what she was doing — running.
It was all captured in an iconic photograph that galvanized the women's movement and helped change the game for female athletes.
"It changed everything," she said. "It changed my life and it changed millions of women's lives."
Switzer was, however, disqualified from the race and there was more backlash to come: Switzer said aggressive journalists approached her at the finish line, yelling, "Real women don't run."
She was then expelled from the Athletic Federation, which meant she wasn't allowed to run. So she started her own club, and they ran in Canada, "just like draft dodgers," Switzer said.
The club started putting on events, and eventually she got sponsored. Switzer then went on to create a global series of races in 27 countries with millions of women.
"It grew, grew, grew," she explained. "We could take the data and statistics from all of these events, took it to the International Olympic Committee, and we got the women's marathon included in the Olympic games."
Her success has continued through to present day. She's run 39 marathons, and when she made her return to the Boston Marathon on Monday, she was an honored guest whose original number, 261, was retired after she crossed the finish line.
"My message to young girls is that you can do much more than you ever can imagine," Switzer said. "The only way you can imagine it is to do it. To take the first step. And if you take the first step, you can then take three steps. And then you can take 10. And someday maybe you can run a marathon. And if you can run a marathon, you can do anything."
Borders Street Pastors attended Earlston Parish Church on Friday, April 20, for the commissioning of 11 new members.
The seven new street pastors and four response pastors were welcomed into the group by Rev Sandy Gunn of the Ascension Trust, Police Inspector Tony Hodges and councillor Euan Jardine.
The pastors' growing numbers are in attendance every Saturday night in Galashiels and month in Hawick.
A team was present in Melrose during the sevens and one will also be in Earlston rugby tournament on May 6, while it's planned to have a team present during Hawick Common Riding.
Aishwarya Rajesh Joins The Cast Of Saamy Square
In an exciting development, Aishwarya has been roped in to play a pivotal role in Vikram's Saamy Square. Confirming the good news, the makers released some photos in which she can be seen alongside the actor. As expected, the two make a terrific pair.
She Is Trisha's Replacement
Saamy Square is a sequel to the 2003 action-drama Saamy. The original film had Trisha Krishnan in the lead and did well at the box office. As such, the makers initially roped in the Nayagi star for the sequel as well. However, she walked out of the project citing 'creative differences' with the team. While the makers tried to convince her to return, the lady refused to entertain their plea. Following this, Aishwarya signed the film.
About Saamy Square
Just like the first part, Saamy Square is being directed by Hari and is going to be an action-packed affair. Besides Vikram and Aishwarya, the film also features Bobby Simhaa and actress Keerthy Suresh in the lead.
A Busy Time For Aishwarya
As it so happens, Aishwarya is going through a terrific phase on the professional front. She will soon be seen in Gautam Menon's Dhruva Natchathiram. Incidentally, like Saamy Square the spy-thriller too has Vikram in the lead. The young miss will also be seen in Mani Ratnam's Chekka Chivantha Vaanam. The film is a multi-starrer and will see her act alongside Arvind Swami and Jyothika. She also has the eagerly-awaited Vada Chennai in her kitty. The crime-drama has Dhanush in the lead and is a Vetrimaaran directorial. All in all, the era of the 'Chennai Ponnu' is truly upon us.
Nigeria's National Beach Volleyball Teams have been invited to participate in the 2018 Commonwealth Games qualifiers slated for Sierra Leone later this month, Nigeria Volleyball Federation (NVBF) said last Monday.
A statement by the Federation, signed by its Secretary-General, Adamu Maikano and Chairman, Media and Publicity Committee, Kehinde Lamidi disclosed that the qualifiers would hold from October 25 to October 28.
It said further that the Federation has in view of this scheduled an open trials to select players for between Thursday and Sunday in Kaduna.
“As part of NVBF's preparations ahead of the Commonwealth Qualifiers, the open trials for the beach volleyball senior male and female teams to select players is scheduled to hold at Kaduna.
“It will hold between Thursday and Sunday,” the statement said.
The Federation then added that camping of players selected would commence on October 11 and end on October 23.
It also quoted the Federation's President, Musa Nimrod, as expressing optimism that both the national male and the female teams would qualify for the Commonwealth Games proper.
“The open trials will afford the newly-discovered male and female beach volleyball players to fight for shirts.
“The era of inviting players to the national camp just by the player's name is gone,” the statement quoted Nimrod as saying.
Tide source reports that the 2018 edition of the Commonwealth Games will hold in Gold Coast, a coastal city in the Australian state of Queensland.
Police are searching for a man in his 20s after a woman reported that a stranger licked her lips on a SkyTrain last month.
Metro Vancouver Transit Police said the incident occurred at approximately 2:30 a.m. on New Year's Day.
A 21-year-old woman and two friends boarded a Millennium Line SkyTrain at Commercial-Broadway after a night of celebrations. A male suspect and two of his friends boarded at the same time in the same train car.
During the ride, the men attempted to have a conversation with the women "in a manner that made the women feel uncomfortable," officials said in a statement a month after the incident.
The women told police they ignored the men until one of them made a comment to the suspect about his choice in hair colour.
The suspect stood up, grabbed the woman by the face and licked her lips with his tongue, police said. The victim shoved him away, and the women moved to the opposite end of the train car until the men got off at Lougheed Station.
Police praised the victim for her bravery and courage to come forward.
"Sexual assaults are a priority for the transit police and every sexual assault will be investigated thoroughly," they said.
The male suspect has been described as a Middle Eastern man who is around 24 years old. He is about 5-6, with a thin build and dyed, faded blond hair. At the time of the incident, he was wearing earrings, a blue denim jacket and blue jeans.
The incident is under investigation, and anyone with information on the witness or what happened is asked to contact transit police at 604-515-8300, and cite the file number 2018-8. Tips can also be texted to 87-77-77.
The League of Women Voters of Marion, Mattapoisett, and Rochester will be hosting Mattapoisett's Annual Candidates' Meet and Greet and Town Warrant Review on Sunday, April 23 from 4:00 to 6:00 pm at the Mattapoisett Free Library. Attending candidates will be given time to formally introduce themselves as well as talk about their reasons for running, experience and credentials. This event offers an opportunity for candidates to interact with the people of Mattapoisett in an informal setting.
Is Weinstein's career finished?
Harvey Weinstein will take a leave of absence from the Weinstein Company following a New York Times report alleging decades of sexual harassment claims against the Hollywood producer. Global media editor Matthew Garrahan and Companies editor Brooke Masters discuss what's next for the media mogul.
Conversations about pricing can be uncomfortable, but they're a necessity for every marketer. Figuring out how to broach the topic tactfully—in a way that actually encourages prospects to become clients—gives you a tremendous advantage over competitors.
How do you pull it off?
By applying a few tried-and-true principles, you can navigate this key part of closing every sale.
Let's talk about how to do that.
Use price to persuade prospects to become clients
Cost is always on potential clients' minds. Even if you spend hours painstakingly preparing your marketing proposals, readers will often flip straight to the pricing section. Accepting that is the first step to conveying your price in a way that helps your chances of winning new business instead of hurts them.
Regardless of the project, apply the following six principles within your proposal pricing sections to help you land more clients.
1. Bundle your pricing
Even if you are confident in the value you can deliver to marketing clients, it's often tempting to try justifying each service by associating it with a specific cost.
The idea is that by listing every discrete service you plan to offer, you'll help would-be clients grasp the full extent of your value. As a result, you might end up with a pricing section that looks something like a receipt:
Looking at all that information gets overwhelming in a hurry, and not in the way you might hope. Instead of focusing on the value you can deliver, a prospect's eyes fix on all those dollar signs and zeroes. Your marketing solution (a combination of expertise and insights they can't find anywhere else) gets devalued into a commodity that's easy to compare with other service providers.
Your pricing section becomes more persuasive when you bundle all your discrete services into a single solution. By listing a price for the solution while describing all the included services, you keep people focused on value.
Here's how that might look:
Our research into over 25,000 sales contracts and proposals found that those with bundled pricing were 36% more likely to be approved than those with standard pricing.
2. Offer several options for clients to choose from
Bundling your services is a great first step, but your pricing can become even more effective when you offer multiple options.
A proposal with just a single solution is limiting: Prospects are faced with a binary choice—"take it or leave it." Often, out of a sense of powerlessness, they'll be tempted to leave it and move on to someone else.
However, offering a few options is empowering. Instead of choosing simply yes or no, prospects get to sift through various packages and choose the best solution.
One caveat here: don't offer prospects either many choices. That will overwhelm them.
Back in 2000, Yale and Stanford professors conducted an experiment at a supermarket. Researchers ran a station where shoppers could sample jam. The researchers tweaked the number of jams people could sample and tracked the effect on jam sales.
Here's what happened when the researchers increased jam options from six to 24:
When we're given too many choices, the sheer number can become demotivating. Keep that in mind for your pricing proposals. Our research found that offering two or three options increased revenue 32%, on average.
3. Use the rest of your proposal to create an upscale, professional context
Would you pay $20 for breakfast in a greasy-spoon diner?
How about in a swanky hotel?
Which one seems like a better deal?
Even if the meals are exactly the same, the context in which they're offered has a huge impact on whether we feel we're being ripped off or getting our money's worth.
A Vanderbilt University study found that customers were willing to pay more for a Budweiser when they knew it came from an upscale hotel than from a rundown grocery store.
We can apply those insights to our marketing proposals, too. Sloppy formatting or an unpersuasive structure creates a poor context, and when would-be clients check your prices they'll be less understanding about high figures. On the other hand, a concise, well structured, professional-looking proposal creates an "upscale" context.
Even if someone flips straight to the pricing section without reading the rest of the proposal, they'll notice the cover, layout, and design elements. All those details matter. The good news: it's entirely within your power to optimize those details to create the most professional context possible.
4. Use strategic upselling
Most of us try to upsell in some form or another because it's much easier to convince a current customer to invest a bit more money than to find a new customer.
You can do that within your proposal pricing sections as well: It's an opportune time and place for someone to select the best bundle and any add-on services they might need.
Here's an example from a proposal for marketing projects that we offer for free:
Some marketers stumble because they try to force upsell options into proposals by making suggestions that aren't logical extensions to the core services being offered. A marketer might try to upsell Web design or IT support, for instance, even though the potential client is interested primarily in dominating local search rankings.
It's much harder to upsell different services than add-ons, which enhance the value of the core service. Consider a car wash that upsells add-ons like premium waxing and wheel cleaners. That's an easier "yes" than trying to sell a sunshade or floor mats.
Just as with your primary service bundles, you can find a sweet spot here by offering a few upsell options, but not so many that people get overwhelmed.
Make it easier for clients to say 'yes'
Pricing is always a factor, but there's no reason why you need to minimize or hide it in your proposals. Fortunately, you can present your price in a way that's as persuasive as possible.
When you adhere to the key principles I've outlined in this article, your prospects will focus on the value of what you can deliver instead of just the financial cost. With an easy-to-understand pricing scheme that discourages comparison-shopping, you make it that much easier for clients to say "yes."
How do you address the pricing conversation in your marketing proposals? What works for you, and what have you struggled with? Leave a comment and let us know!
Jeremy Corbyn has appointed his former leadership challenger Owen Smith to the shadow cabinet, in one of the few olive branches to his internal opponents.
The Labour leader had the opportunity to reshuffle his top team and many MPs who were previously anti-Corbyn – but are now much more upbeat about the leader's prospects – had hoped he would be tempted to bring back the likes of Yvette Cooper and Chukka Umunna to the Labour front bench.
The leader has instead limited his reshuffle to filling the vacancies left by Labour MPs who left parliament. Otherwise, he has stuck with the group of MPs who were loyal to him following last summer's attempted coup, when almost the entire shadow cabinet resigned in an attempt to force Corbyn to quit.
Deputy leader Tom Watson, a longterm Corbyn critic, loses the role of party chairman and is replaced by Ian Lavery who has always been loyal to the leader.
“I am delighted to announce four appointments to fill shadow cabinet vacancies," said Corbyn. "I look forward to working with the strengthened shadow cabinet as we prepare a government in waiting to carry out our manifesto for the many not the few."
"Our party is now on a permanent campaign footing in anticipation of the failure of Theresa May's attempt to establish a stable administration with the support of the DUP."
Smith, who was ostracised by the left of the party after unsuccessfully challenging Corbyn last summer, has been welcomed back as shadow Northern Ireland secretary at a crucial time given the DUP's involvement in a possible deal with the Conservative government.
The Pontypridd MP was a special adviser to Northern Ireland secretary Paul Murphy during Tony Blair's government, meaning he already has some knowledge of the job.
Lesley Laird, who only became an MP six days ago, goes straight into the shadow cabinet as shadow secretary of state for Scotland, in one of the fastest rises to the front bench in British political history.
Other appointments include Dawn Butler as shadow minister for diverse communities.
In addition to his job as party chairman Ian Lavery will be joint election campaign coordinator, serving with Andrew Gwynne.
Gwynne has also been appointed as shadow communities secretary.
MIAMI (WSVN) - A Florida woman is on a mission to find the family of a fallen hero after she found a folded American flag on a Miami street.
Laura Mariotti found the flag, which was folded in a triangle, on a busy road, in late January. The Cape Coral resident believes that the flag belongs with a fallen soldier.
“We noticed the flag in the middle of the road being repeatedly run over, so we were compelled to turn around and stop and take it,” Mariotti said.
She said that this comes close to home. “My father is a Vietnam vet, and my grandfathers both served in World War II,” Mariotti said, “so for that reason, it's particularly important to me.”
Traditionally, flags folded in this manner are presented to the next of kin when members of the military pass away.
“There's a sequence when they fold the flag into a triangle with the blue and the white stars and they place it on the casket,” said Tom Clifford, who's with The American Legion.
The flag is usually accompanied by a name plate, but this one did not have one.
Mariotti is hoping that by getting the word out, she can reunite the flag with the right family. “We've been making a lot of effort getting the word out there,” she said. “Being that it's in Miami, we're going to need someone who has connections over there to hopefully get it circulated.”
Steps for the proper care, handling and even disposal of American flags are outlined in the United States flag code.
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
By Gabriel Ewepu
Forensic accountants under the Society for Forensic Accounting andFraud Prevention, SFAFP, have expressed support for the Financial Intelligence Bill, which was passed by the Senate into law and now awaits the President's assent.
The Chairman, Board of Trustees, SFAFP, Prof Benjamin Osisioma, made this known at the society's maiden graduation of 28 new members and second batch induction of 58 associates of the society at the Independent Corrupt Practices and Other Related Offences Commission, ICPC, Academy, Keffi, Nasarawa State.
Osisioma who described the graduation as historic said the new bill seeking to separate the Nigerian Financial Intelligence Unit, NFIU, from the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, will save the country from being expelled permanently by the EGMONT Group, a network of international Financial Intelligence Unit with 154 member countries, which has suspended Nigeria as its member over the non-establishment of the NFIA as a unit standing autonomously.
According the Professor of Accounting at the Nnamdi Azikiwe University, Awka, the bill passed by the Senate was a step in the right direction that would meet global best practices in fighting and prevention of corruption and other financial crimes in the country if President Muhammadu Buhari assents to it.
Osisioma said: “The EFCC is facing some global challenges. The Financial intelligence wing is supposed to be an independent body operating separately.
Also speaking, the Executive Secretary, SFAFP, Dr Abuchi Ogbuju, stated that the training was conducted on how to prevent fraud and other financial crimes in the country.
The 13 most valuable IT certifications today
Looking for a leg up in your IT career? IT certifications remain a proven way to quickly gain valuable skills and demonstrate deeper interest and know-how in a domain that will further your career.
In IT, experience is king. Yet IT certifications remain a valuable tool for advancing your career. IT certifications give junior-level workers an opportunity to gain more resume-worthy experience in the IT industry. For tenured employees, certifications help you continually grow and adapt your skillset to fit the changing landscape of IT. Because there are an overwhelming number of IT certifications offered today, it's important to do your research – some are more valuable than others.
In its 2017 Salary Guide, Robert Half Technologies reports data on the most valuable IT certifications across multiple areas of technology. The following 12 IT certifications have emerged as the most valuable IT certifications to help you get a leg up in a new job, increase your salary, boost your chances of gaining a more senior-level position or demonstrate knowledge and interest when making a career change.
Tip: You'll find a must-have utility for your IT certification toolbox at GoCertify. The Certification Advisor allows you to plug in your area of expertise, skill level, career goals and more to generate a list of recommended certifications to pursue.
Microsoft certifications
Microsoft has three valuable certifications that address server, desktop, applications, database and developer skillsets. You can obtain different levels of certification, starting with associate and going up to master. Microsoft organizes its certification by technology specialties, with programs dedicated to mobility, cloud, productivity, data, app development and business application development.
1. Microsoft Office Specialist (MOS)
IT professionals with MOS certification are skilled in the Microsoft Office Suite, including Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint, Access, SharePoint, OneNote and Exchange. MOS certifications are most popular with office managers, executive assistants and other administrative workers, but John Reed, senior executive director of Robert Half Technology, says they're also valuable if you work in cloud computing or technical support.
Certifications can boost your salary, but the percentage will depend on your current job title and seniority. According to data from PayScale, the average salary for MOS certification ranges from $45,000 and goes up to $65,000.
2. Microsoft Certified Solutions Expert (MCSE)
A MCSE certification is best suited for anyone working with servers, private cloud networks, enterprise networking, data systems, enterprise devices, business applications or storage. There are multiple sub-categories to choose from, including business applications, cloud platform and infrastructure, data management and analytics, mobility and productivity.
MCSE certification is popular with IT managers, directors, system administrators, systems engineers and network administrators. According to data from PayScale, the average salary for MCSE certification ranges from $50,000 to $145,000.
1 2 3 4 Next Page
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
With the epic failures of Android lines such as the Galaxy, it seemed like the path was clear for the iPhone to re-establish its dominance over the smartphone industry. But when Google announced it was releasing its Pixel smartphone, consumers deci...
By Eric Heinz
A man, known to local police as a homeless person, was found dead at about 11 a.m. on Tuesday afternoon, June 13, in San Clemente near Linda Lane and lifeguard tower No. 6 on the beach.
The man's name and age have not yet been released by authorities.
Orange County Sheriff's Department deputies said the cause of death has not yet been determined, but they said that foul play was very unlikely to be involved. The Orange County Coroner's Office will investigate the cause, and the man's body is in the office's custody.
We will provide more information when it becomes available.
MORE than 17 years of its introduction and having gone through eight National Assemblies without much to show for it, the question on the lips of concerned Nigerians continues to reverberate: Is the petroleum industry bill, PIB, jinxed?
This is coming at a time Global extractive industry watchdog, Publish What You Pay, PWYP, stated that Nigeria is losing N3 trillion annually for failing to put in place a proper legislation for the oil and gas industry. The concerns of Nigerians and stakeholders alike stem from the fact that past legislatures have promised to pass the PIB, only to renege at the end of their respective tenures.
Similar scenario appears to be playing out as the 8th National Assembly has barely 10 months to wind out, thus eliciting mixed reactions from oil and gas industry players. Speaking with Sweetcrude, Dr.Godswill Ihetu, Chairman Energy Equity Resources, EER, an integrated oil and gas company, said that bureaucracy and politics have been a major setback for the PIB.
He said, “No, the PIB is not jinxed. It is just the fact that governments since the year 2,000 have not focused sufficiently on getting it passed. In a nutshell, bureaucracy has been hampering the passage of the PIB. It is not jinxed. It's just from one regime to another and politics in between.
“One of the biggest problems of the bill was the fact that it was bulky. It was a big package, about three hundred and something pages. It was difficult to actually get into the meat of it and discuss the entire bill. What the 8th Assembly did was to break it into four parts. Though, I heard that there will be a 5th part of it. The
Assembly hired consultants to look at it. As at today, the PIGB has been passed.
Speaking on the effect of further delay of passing the bill, Ihetu explained that the government no doubt is losing substantial revenue as investments have been held back due to lack of clarity of the fiscal regime.
“Government is losing revenue because we are still using the petroleum laws that we have tried to adjust since the year 2,000. The whole idea of addressing the PIB is to make sure the oil industry is competitive, particularly the upstream sector, which requires a lot of investments and anybody brings investment wants to know what the law says, what the fiscal regime is.
“They do not want tomorrow the law is changed and they are stranded or committed to unfriendly fiscal regime. People have held back their investments due to lack of clarity of the fiscal regime and then some other structural problems in the public sector of the petroleum industry. For example, what is the fate of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation, NNPC? How do we restructure the NNPC? That has waited for almost six years. If NNPC has been restructured, by now we would have been getting the benefits,” he said.
Restating the resolve of the 8th Assembly on the PIB, the Chairman, Senate Committee on Petroleum (Upstream), Mr. Tayo Alasoadura said that the PIB would be signed into law before the end of the year. He noted that the Petroleum Industry Governance Bill (PIGB) which was recently passed was one out of the four bills expected to be signed into law by December. The senator explained that the bill has gone through five sessions of the National Assembly, beginning from the 4th Assembly which was inaugurated in 1999 under President Olusegun Obasanjo, adding that the bill is not only for Nigerians, but also for investors. According to him, when the PIB is fully passed into law, it will not only help to create more jobs for Nigerians, but will also foster a conducive business environment for petroleum operations. Speaking on the benefits of the bill, he said.
“Government's revenue from oil industry will increase. This means more funds in the hands of government to engage in developmental activities. The downstream sector will become fully deregulated.
In other words, subsidy will be totally removed.” He also said that the law will also bring about a fully deregulated and liberalized downstream petroleum sector, create efficient and effective regulatory agencies and promote the development of Nigerian local content in the oil industry. Besides, he explained that the emphasis on local content will not only be in the area of skills, but would also be applicable to materials sourcing.
“This means more jobs for Nigerian local contractors, especially those from the oil producing regions. The PIB vests ownership and management of all petroleum resources, offshore or onshore, in the Federal Government of Nigeria, which is to manage them on behalf of all Nigerians.
“This means that irrespective of where the oil is found, it belongs to the government of Nigeria. Of course, equity calls for special consideration for localities where the resources are mined. This is taken care of by the revenue sharing laws and other provisions of this bill like the Host Community Fund.”
For Diran Fawibe, Chief Executive Officer, CEO, International Energy Services Limited, a multi-disciplinary oil services company, Nigeria has lost huge investments to other countries due to non-passage of the PIB.
According to him, “There is no short cut to increasing the nation's oil reserves. The nation needs to create attractive environment, capable of attracting and retaining serious investors that have many resources to invest. This is important because if the environment is not right, they will go to other nations.
“In fact, we have already lost huge investments to other nations. Like I mentioned earlier, the much delayed PIB will play a big role in attracting investors to invest in Nigeria, thus assisting to explore and grow our reserves currently estimated at about 37 billion barrels. The Petroleum Act of 1969 was good and enduring for many years. It shows that those who prepared it did a good job for Nigeria. But a lot have changed since then, thus justifying the need for a new legislation.”
Also speaking, the Group Managing Director, Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation, NNPC, Dr. Maikanti Baru, said that there should be simplified fiscal terms for oil and gas. He also advocated for incentivising oil and gas operations to attract international investment into the country. According to Baru, Nigeria needs to leave out all regulatory issues in the bill to ensure progress and empower the regulatory commission to effectively regulate the industry. “NNPC appreciates the opportunity to review these bills and we have employed our deep expertise and experiences in the industry to assess their provisions and will gladly make contributions that will not only enforce the desires of the National Assembly but will ensure that the reform bills when passed into law meet the expectations of Nigerians and investors alike,” Baru stated.
Global extractive industry watchdog, Publish What You Pay, PWYP, had stated that Nigeria is losing N3 trillion annually for failing to put in place a proper legislation for
the oil and gas industry. The amount lost to the non-passage of the petroleum laws represents 32.97 per cent of the country's 2018 budget figure of N9.1 trillion and is 40.32 per cent of the N7.44 trillion 2017 budget. Speaking on the lingering passage of the PIB, the National Coordinator, PWYP, Mr. Peter Egbule, called for the speedy assent of the Petroleum Industry Governance Bill, PIGB, and the passage of the remaining oil and gas bills before the National assembly.
According to him, the passage and signing of the Bills into law is in the collective interest of all Nigerians, as this will create a more functional administrative structure, significantly reduce financial leakages, encourage foreign and domestic investments, provide succour for host communities, among others. He said, “Although we hope and expect that the President will assent to the PIGB and the other bills whenever they are transmitted to him, but we also recognize that it is his right to refuse assent.
“If the latter happens, it will be disappointing to well-meaning Nigerians, resulting in another round of legislative reconsiderations, political intrigues, delays, and public frustration.
“This will be a major setback in our collective interest in establishing a more responsive and socio-economically impactful Nigeria petroleum industry, as well as send the wrong signal to Nigerians and the global community at large.”
He appealed to the National Assembly to immediately refocus on the passage of the Bills, and intentionally dedicate substantial time for the legislative processes required for the passage of the bills, especially before they become engrossed in the obviously heightening political activities towards the 2019 general elections. Egbule also implored both the National Assembly and the Presidency to carry out their respective actions without further delays in the interest of the dwindling economy and the lives being affected by the continuous delay in the passage of the Bills.
“We implore the National Assembly to take the path of national reverence in passing the bills.”
This is our expectation on the National assembly, and we are confident that when the time comes, they will do so with visible swiftness, in the interest of all Nigerians,” Egbule noted. He further urged President Muhammadu Buhari to on receipt of the Bills, act in line with his proclaimed stance on corruption and expedite action on his assent to the bills, adding that the present administration has a one-in-a-lifetime opportunity of writing its name in the annals of achievements by passing and signing these bills into laws.
By Josh Brown
jbrown@aimmediamidwest.com
MIAMI COUNTY — Finally, it all comes down to this weekend.
The 2017-18 sports year, which began way back in the first week of August 2017, will come to a close.
And for Miami County's track and field athletes, it's the culmination of the hard work they put in during this atypically-cold spring season — and for some, the shot at possible state championships — when they compete at the OHSAA State Track and Field Championships this Friday and Saturday at Jesse Owens Memorial Stadium in Columbus.
* Division I
The big day is Saturday for the Troy Trojans, as neither the boys nor girls teams had anyone qualify for Friday's preliminary running events.
And the events to watch may be outside of the stadium at the throwing area, as sophomore Lenea Browder will take a shot at not one but two potential state titles on the day. At noon, she will compete in the discus, where she is seeded No. 1 with a throw of 149-2 from last week's regional. The second-seeded thrower in the competition will be Akron Firestone's Jordan Baith, another sophomore who threw 140-9 at last week's regional. As a freshman last year, Browder placed ninth in the discus with a throw of 125-10.
Browder and Alaura Holycross both will then throw the shot put at 3 p.m. Browder comes in with the third-best regional throw at 43-0.75, while Holycross sits in sixth at 40-0.5. Browder has hit the 48-foot mark this season, though — with top-seeded Amaya King from Mason coming in at 44-3.75 from the regional — and Holycross was a state qualifier last year, placing ninth at 39-6, meaning anything can happen come Saturday.
Also at 3 p.m., Troy senior Christine Moser will compete in the pole vault, where she comes in tied for the fifth-best jump at 12-0. And the lone qualifier for the boys team, Nick Mittelstadt, will also compete at 3 p.m. in the high jump, where he is seeded tied for 13th at 6-2.
Finally, at 6:20 p.m., the illustrious career of senior Morgan Gigandet will come to a close as the four-time state qualifier will shoot for a state title one last time in the 3,200. A state champion in cross-country during the fall, Gigandet has spent the past few weeks recovering from an injury and enters the race seeded 16th at 11:07.09, having finished fifth in the regional but qualifying due to the new wild card system implemented this season to add two more qualifiers to each of the running events.
* Division II
Miami East's Blaine Brokschmidt will be aiming at a state title during his school's first season in Division II. The Vikings' lone qualifier, he will enter the pole vault competition — taking place at 9:30 a.m. Friday, kicking off the meet — with the second-best jump at 15-0, with Hillsboro's Austin Goolsby seeded No. 1 at 15-4.
Milton-Union's lone qualifier, senior Beyonce Bobbitt, will compete first thing in the morning at 9:30 a.m. both days, in the discus on Friday and the shot put on Saturday. Bobbitt is seeded fifth in the discus with a regional throw of 135-5, while she is seeded sixth in the shot put with a regional throw of 39-2.
For Tippecanoe, the 4×800 relay team will kick off the D-II running events at 1:30 p.m. Friday, with Makenzie Dietz, Katie Taylor, Mackenzie Dix and Kaili Titley running a 9:38.62 at the regional and entering as the No. 9 seed. Lydia Stueve will then run the 100 hurdle prelims at 2 p.m. Friday, entering the race with the 18th-best time of 15.94 seconds. And a 2:45 p.m. Saturday, Taylor will run the 3,200, entering with the 12th-best regional time of 11:29.28.
* Division III
Covington's girls have the potential to challenge for one of the top spots in the team standings in Division III over the weekend.
Breanna Kimmel will kick things off for the Buccaneer girls at 10:20 a.m. Friday in the 100 prelims, where she is seeded tied for 14th at 12.72 seconds. Following that, the 4×200 relay team will run at 10:30 a.m., where Rayna Horner, Victoria Lyle, Morgan Lowe and Shae Robinson ran the top time coming in from the regional at 1:43.82. Horner will then run the 400 at 11 a.m., where she is seeded third at 57.25 seconds, and the 4×400 relay team will run at noon, with Paige Boehringer, Lowe, Horner and Kimmel running the top regional time in 3:59.67. And in the field events, Lauren Christian will throw the discus at 1 p.m. Friday, where she is seeded 11th at 120-0, then she will throw the shot put at 4 p.m., where she is seeded No. 2 at 42-8 behind only Newton Falls' Izzy Cline's 44-6.75.
Covington's boys also have a host of competitors running in Friday's preliminaries. At 10:10 a.m., Cade Harshbarger will run the 110 hurdles, where he is seeded 10th at 15.11 seconds. Then the 4×200 relay team will run at 10:40 a.m., where Alex Shaffer, Gray Harshbarger, Nathan Lyle and Tyler Freeman ran the eighth-best regional time at 1:31.23. Cade Harshbarger will then run the 300 hurdles at 11:30 a.m., where he is seeded third at 39.25 seconds, and the 4×400 relay team will cap off the running events at 12:10 p.m., where Gray Harshbarger, Andrew Cates, Freeman and Lyle ran the 12th-best regional time at 3:26.67. Finally, at 4 p.m., Jett Murphy will compete in the pole vault, where he enters competition tied with Ansonia's Brock Shellhaas with the top jump at 14-8.
Newton's boys have a pair of athletes competing in three events on Friday. Cameron Stine will run the 110 hurdles prelims at 10:10 a.m., where he is seeded 18th at 15.82 seconds, then he will compete in the high jump at 1 p.m., where he comes in with the 10th-best jump at 6-2. Also at 1 p.m., Dawson Hildebrand will throw the shot put, where he is seeded eighth at 50-8.75.
Lehman's girls will also compete in three preliminary events on Friday, with Lindsey Magoteaux running the 100 prelims at 10:20 a.m. seeded 14th at 12.71 seconds. The 4×100 relay team of Magoteaux, Lauren McFarland, Rylie McIver and Alanna O'Leary will then run at 10:50 a.m., where they are tied with West Liberty-Salem with the top seed time at 49.85 seconds. And O'Leary will then run the 200 at 11:40 a.m., where she is seeded seventh at 25.65 seconds.
And finally, Bethel's Korry Hamlin will run in the 3,200 at 11:30 a.m. on Saturday, where he is seeded 14th at 9:50.53.
Contact Josh Brown at (937) 552-2132, or follow @TroyDailySports on Twitter.
Josh Brown/Troy Daily News file Troy's Lenea Browder throws the discus at the Division I regional meet Friday at Wayne High School. http://www.tdn-net.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/21/2018/05/web1_052518jb_troy_browder_more-1.jpg Josh Brown/Troy Daily News file Troy's Lenea Browder throws the discus at the Division I regional meet Friday at Wayne High School. Josh Brown/Troy Daily News file Miami East's Blaine Brokschmidt competes in the pole vault at the Division II regional meet last week in Piqua. http://www.tdn-net.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/21/2018/05/web1_052418jb_me_brokschmidt-1.jpg Josh Brown/Troy Daily News file Miami East's Blaine Brokschmidt competes in the pole vault at the Division II regional meet last week in Piqua. Josh Brown/Troy Daily News file Milton-Union's Beyonce Bobbitt throws the shot put at the Division II regional meet last week in Piqua. http://www.tdn-net.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/21/2018/05/web1_052418jb_mu_bobbitt-1-.jpg Josh Brown/Troy Daily News file Milton-Union's Beyonce Bobbitt throws the shot put at the Division II regional meet last week in Piqua. File photo courtesy Ben Robinson/GoBuccs.com Covington's Tori Lyle takes a handoff from Rayna Horner in the 4×200 relay at Friday's Division III regional meet in Troy. http://www.tdn-net.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/21/2018/05/web1_lyle-horner-2.jpg File photo courtesy Ben Robinson/GoBuccs.com Covington's Tori Lyle takes a handoff from Rayna Horner in the 4×200 relay at Friday's Division III regional meet in Troy. Mike Ullery/AIM Media file Covington's Jett Murphy competes in the pole vault at the Division III regional meet in Troy last week. http://www.tdn-net.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/21/2018/05/web1_052318mju_track_cov_jettmurphy2_ne2018523194931973-2.jpg Mike Ullery/AIM Media file Covington's Jett Murphy competes in the pole vault at the Division III regional meet in Troy last week. Josh Brown/Troy Daily News file Troy's Morgan Gigandet runs the 3,200 during the Division I regional meet Friday at Wayne High School. http://www.tdn-net.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/21/2018/05/web1_052518jb_troy_mgigandet-1.jpg Josh Brown/Troy Daily News file Troy's Morgan Gigandet runs the 3,200 during the Division I regional meet Friday at Wayne High School.
Zambia's parliament has suspended 48 opposition lawmakers for boycotting a speech by President Edgar Lungu earlier this year, a sign of mounting tensions as the jailed opposition leader awaits trial on a treason charge. For the next 30 days, the 48 opposition lawmakers will not be allowed to attend parliamentary sessions. The move will effectively kneecap many parliamentary committees, which will no longer form a quorum since 48 of the nation's 166 lawmakers will be out of commission. And politically, it will only further deepen the widening chasm between the...
read more...
Published By: VOA Africa - Today
Toa Maoni yako hapa - Add your comment
Related News
Texas Rangers' Robinson Chirinos hits a two-run double against the Seattle Mariners during the seventh inning of a baseball game Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Seattle. Elaine Thompson AP Photo
An accountant in Abia Government House, Akpan Udoh, who is scheduled to testify in the ongoing trial of former Abia Governor, Orji Uzor Kalu, is now on the run, the prosecution told a Federal High Court in Lagos on Monday.
Udoh is listed as a witness for the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC).
The EFCC had on Oct. 31, 2016, slammed a 34-count charge bordering on N3.2 billion fraud against Kalu and his former Commissioner for Finance, Ude Udeogo as well as Kalu's company — Slok Nigeria Ltd.
The accused had pleaded not guilty to the charges.
So far, the prosecution had called no fewer than 12 witnesses since the trial began.
At the resumed trial of the case on Monday, the EFCC Prosecutor, Mr Rotimi Jacobs (SAN) called the 13th prosecution witness, Mr Tobore Ovie, who introduced himself as an operative with the EFCC, whose work schedule include investigations of economic and financial crimes.
Led in evidence by the prosecutor, the witness told the court that on Jan. 15, he was instructed to proceed from the commission's Port Harcourt office to Umuahia to locate the residence of Akpan Udoh, an accountant in Abia State Government House, who is sought to be called as a prosecution witness.
He said he linked up with the State's Attorney General, who called the Accountant-General of the state who in turn took him to where Udoh is supposedly living.
According to the witness, operatives of EFCC gained access to the property of Udoh the following morning and met Udoh's wife and children.
He said that the operatives were told that Udoh had travelled out of town.
The witness said that after obtaining Udoh's phone number from his wife and consistently failed to reach him on phone, he then left his own number with Mrs Udoh with an instruction that there was a pending case in court which required her husband's attention.
He also instructed her to inform her husband to call him back.
He told the court that since there was no response from Udoh, he got another instruction on Feb. 15, to proceed to Umuahia with a court order to be served on the Accountant-General and Udoh.
The witness said he had served the order on the Accountant-General, who acknowledged same, adding that when he arrived at the residence of Udoh, he discovered that it was under lock and key and only saw some youth corps members in the adjourning apartment.
“I pasted the court order on the wall of the premises and instructed the youth corpers to draw the attention of the lawful occupants to it whenever they come back.”
He said a media team of the EFCC also accompanied him on the journey and had a video recording and shots of the premises.
The prosecutor then tendered copies of the orders before the court and they were admitted and marked as exhibits.
Meanwhile, when the prosecution sought to tender the video the defence raised an objection, arguing that by the provisions of the Evidence Act, only the maker of such recording could give admissible evidence on it.
Following the objections, the prosecutor withdrew the DVD and informed the court that he had no further questions for the witness.
Justice Mohammed Idris adjourned the case until March 20 for cross-examination.
Kalu and others allegedly committed the offences between August 2001 and October 2005.
Kalu was alleged to have utilised his company to retain in the account of a First Inland Bank, now FCMB, the sum of N200 million.
The sum is alleged to have formed part of funds illegally derived from the coffers of the Abia State Government.
Kalu's company — Slok Nigerai Ltd — and a man, Emeka Abone, who is said to be at large, were also alleged to have retained in the company's account the sum of N200 million on behalf of the first accused (Kalu).
They were alleged to have utilised Manny Bank, (now Fidelity Bank Plc), Spring Bank Plc, the defunct Standard Trust Bank and Fin Land Bank, now First City Monument Bank (FCMB).
The accused allegedly retained about N2.5 billion in different accounts which funds were said to belong to the Abia Government.
Cumulatively on all the counts, the accused diverted over N3.2 billion from the Abia State Government's treasury during Kalu's tenure as governor.
The offences contravened the provisions of sections 15(6), 16, and 21 of the Money Laundering (Prohibition) Act, 2005, the Money Laundering Act of 1995 (as amended in 2002) and Section 477 of the Criminal Code, Laws of the Federation, 1990.
Four dead in two Southern Oklahoma crashes
Three people were killed in a head-on crash in Pontotoc County; one person died after crashing her SUV into a utility pole in Choctaw County.
FILE - In this 1997 file photo, Al Yeganeh poses for a photograph outside his business, Soup Kitchen International, in New York. The company that sells soup made with Yeganeh's recipes has filed for bankruptcy less than a month after its chief financial officer was arrested on charges of cheating the government out of employment-related taxes. Yeganeh was the inspiration for the "Soup Nazi" character on "Seinfeld" (AP Photo/Michael Schmelling, File)
The Associated Press
A company that sells soup from the recipes of the chef who was the real-life model of the Soup Nazi on "Seinfeld" has filed for bankruptcy less than a month after its chief financial officer was arrested on charges he cheated the government out of employment-related taxes.
Soupman Inc., based in Staten Island, sells soups made from the recipes of Al Yeganeh. Yeganeh and his soup stand were the inspirations behind the "Seinfeld" television show character, who shouted the catchphrase "No soup for you!"
The company's CEO, Jamie Karson, said Tuesday that "the combination of legacy liabilities and recent company developments have made it necessary to seek bankruptcy protection." Karson said its products, including jambalaya, lobster bisque and chicken gumbo, would still be available in stores.
Last month, CFO Robert Bertrand was charged in Brooklyn federal court with failing to pay Medicare, Social Security and federal income taxes for company employees. The government said he paid employees unreported cash and gave some workers large unreported stock awards from 2010 through 2014.
According to the indictment, the total estimated tax loss to the Internal Revenue Service was $593,000. Bertrand, of Norwalk, Connecticut, has pleaded not guilty and has been released on $50,000 bail.
Several people who hung a banner calling for abolishing Immigration and Customs Enforcement from the Statue of Liberty's pedestal on the Fourth of July have been arrested, and authorities say a person is scaling the statue's base.
National Park Service spokesman Jerry Willis says the climber was at the base beneath the statue's foot Wednesday afternoon. Willis says police are atop the base, advising the climber to go down.
Photo courtesty of Twitter user @HelloDannyOwens
It's unclear whether the climb is related to the earlier banner demonstration.
Willis says at least six people were taken into custody then. He says federal regulations prohibit hanging banners from the monument.
The banner said "Abolish I.C.E.," referring to part of the Department of Homeland Security. ICE officers arrest and deport immigrants who are in the United States illegally, among other duties.
Photo courtesy of Twitter user @HelloDannyOwens
Protester attempts to scale the Statue of Liberty in New York, prompts evacuation
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Sierra College was the site of a mass casualty drill over the weekend. Nevada County Consolidated Fire District Battalion Chief Josh Sunde says the idea was to improve the readiness of fire agencies from all over the county. He says the real life scenario, at the Public Safety Training Center behind Station Two on Saturday, simulated a vehicle into a crowd with 18 patients. Actors were made up to look injured…
click to listen to Jose Sunde
Sunde says resources for a small, rural county will always be limited and require help from outside the area. But based on what he saw, he says it looks like area fire agencies coordinated their response as best as they could…
click to listen to Josh Sunde
Sunde says fire departments try to conduct mass casualty drills once a year.
Punta Gorda can expect to see a new permanent police chief next month.
City manager Howard Kunik said he's trimming more than 130 candidates to 10 before interviews start. No one currently with the Punta Gorda Police Department applied.
"A fresh set of eyes, maybe tweak things here and there," Kunik said.
Kunik said all of the candidates are from other parts of Florida or the country.
He listed the Midwest, Mid-Atlantic and Northeast as the primary out-of-state applicants.
"We've got people interested in coming to Punta Gorda from a wide area," Kunik said.
Kunik fired Tom Lewis, former Punta Gorda police chief, at the end of August, following an internal investigation by the city.
The investigation report said a shoot, don't shoot demonstration for the Chamber of Commerce on August 9, 2016 failed to meet multiple safety protocols. Lee Coel, former Punta Gorda police officer, shot and killed Mary Knowlton, a retired librarian, during the demonstration.
Kunik expects to make his choice sometime in November.
Home
Theresa May, the Prime Minister, spent the week confronting the consequences of the general election that she had called to bring ‘stability and certainty for the future'. It had instead surprisingly left the Conservatives with no overall majority. They won 318 seats (a loss of 13) and Labour 262 (a gain of 30). The Scottish National Party won 35 (a loss of 21), with the Conservatives gaining 12 extra seats in Scotland, even capturing Stirling. Labour won an extra five seats in Scotland. Angus Robertson, the SNP leader at Westminster, lost his seat, as did Alex Salmond. Nick Clegg, the former Lib-Dem leader, lost his seat, but Sir Vince Cable won back Twickenham. Paul Nuttall resigned as leader of Ukip, the collapse of whose vote left the Tories with a total of 13,667,213 votes (42.4 per cent) and Labour 12,874,985 (40 per cent). Labour's organisation among students led to its winning seats such as Canterbury by 187 votes and Kensington, after three recounts, by 20. The annual rate of inflation, measured by the Consumer Prices Index, rose to 2.9 per cent in May from 2.7 in April; measured by the Retail Prices Index, the rise was to 3.7 per cent from 3.5. A huge fire engulfed a west London tower block, injuring dozens and trapping many inside.
Conservatives disagreed about whether Theresa May would have to resign. George Osborne, the former chancellor of the exchequer, now editor of the London Evening Standard, said: ‘Theresa May is dead woman walking.' In order to secure a majority, Mrs May sought from the Democratic Unionists (with ten seats) a confidence and supply arrangement. This upset Ruth Davidson, the leader of the 13 Scottish Conservatives, who is keen on same-sex marriage, which is illegal in Northern Ireland. Delays meant that the Queen's Speech was rescheduled. Mrs May's weakened position led her to give immediate assurances that there would be no change in the cabinet positions of Boris Johnson, David Davis, Amber Rudd, Philip Hammond or Sir Michael Fallon. A small cabinet shuffle brought back from the wilderness Michael Gove as Environment Secretary, with Andrea Leadsom becoming Leader of the House. Damian Green, Mrs May's friend, became First Secretary of State.
Jeremy Corbyn, the Labour leader, spoke as if his party had won the election. He paused to smell a rose outside his house and said: ‘Aren't they beautiful these roses? And such a glorious day.' Lord Hague floated the notion of a cross-party commission to decide the hardness or softness of Brexit. Conservative backbenchers were so angry at the election result that they demanded that Mrs May arrange an extra television interview to apologise to candidates who had lost seats. She also complied with another demand: to dispense with her two bosom advisers, Nick Timothy and Fiona Hill. Mrs May addressed a meeting of the backbench 1922 Committee, saying, ‘I got us into this mess — I'll get us out of it,' and was met with sounds of approval.
Abroad
An American circuit court of appeals upheld the judgment of a lower court against the lawfulness of President Trump's revised travel ban on people from six mainly Muslim countries. US special forces supported Philippine armed forces in efforts to retake the city of Marawi from supporters of Isis. In Syria, fighting continued to take the city of Raqqa from Isis. Saif Gaddafi, a son of the late Libyan ruler, was let out of jail after six years. Sheikh Mohammed bin Abdulrahman al-Thani, the foreign minister of Qatar, flew to London for talks with Boris Johnson, who called for a resolution of the boycott of Qatar by Saudi Arabia, Egypt and other neighbours.
Hundreds of people were arrested at anti-corruption demonstrations in Moscow and St Petersburg. Juha Sipilä, the Prime Minister of Finland, said he must withdraw from a coalition with the Finns party after it chose an opponent of immigration as its leader. Norway is to introduce a law against the Muslim full-face veil in schools and universities, on the grounds of its hampering communication. Travis Kalanick, the founder of the Uber minicab set-up, took a leave of absence.
In the first round of the French general election, Emmanuel Macron's new party, La République en Marche, and its ally MoDem, won 32.3 per cent of the vote, with a turnout of 48.7 per cent. Mrs May came to visit Mr Macron to discuss security. McDonald's began to supply cutlery at its outlets in France. CSH
Just in time for Cinco De Mayo…
Pillsbury is coming out with mini churro bites!
They'll be available in your the freezer section of your local grocery store and can be made in seconds in the microwave or for a little longer in the oven!
Now if you're a churro lover don't sleep on this! Pillsbury has not said how long these will stay around (remember the Oreo churros they had? Me neither! But they existed! They were in and out that fast!)
Take a look at them here so you know what you're looking for! PillsburyChurros!
/ Front page / News
+ Enlarge this image Eroni Vasiteri right ready to give Adriu Delai support during their Test match with Georgia in 2016. Picture: ATU RASEA
Update: 6:02PM FLYING Fijian Eroni Vasiteri grateful for the opportunity to represent Fiji and dedicates Saturday's game to his family in Nasaucoko, Navosa.
"I want to thank God for giving me the talent and skill to play rugby and for his protection. Also I want to thank the coaches and management for trusting me with this responsibility," Vasiteri said.
This will be his third appearance for the Flying Fijians and he said he would be giving his all for his team.
He is one of the five local players to be named in the team to face Italy and will be pairing with the Fijian monster Jale Vatubua in the centres.
YAKIMA — Heading into the fourth quarter of its 4A District 6 play-in game at West Valley, the Eastmont girls basketball team was on the ropes. But the Wildcats turned up the pressure at both ends of the floor and found a way to eke out a win and survive another day.
Visiting Eastmont turned a 42-35 deficit around with an excellent fourth-quarter showing, outscoring the Rams 17-9 in the final period to squeak out a 52-51 win at West…
Barry Brecheisen
Ralphie May poses backstage during the 26th Annual PollStar Awards at Ryman Auditorium on February 21, 2015 in Nashville, Tennessee. (Photo by Barry Brecheisen/Getty Images for Pollstar)
By Rare.us and Cox Media Group National Content Desk
Ralphie May, one of the most successful comics to come out of “Last Comic Standing,” died Friday at the age of 45 his manager confirmed to The Hollywood Reporter.
Ralphie May, a comic known for his Southern charm & style, has died, the office of his manager confirms to THR https://t.co/HoB7WQ0M1v — Hollywood Reporter (@THR) October 6, 2017
>> Read more trending news
The comedian had reportedly been battling pneumonia for six weeks, but was still pushing through and performing all of his shows. According to TMZ, May died at a private residence in Las Vegas from cardiac arrest. He had two shows scheduled this weekend in Las Vegas.
May's stand-up comedy career launched after he came in second place on “Last Comic Standing” in 2003. After that, he went on to have several televised comedy specials on Netflix and Comedy Central.
He and his wife Lahna Turner divorced in 2015.
The comedian was an avid performer, touring nearly non-stop around the country. May had been touring the United States for over a decade.
Many of May's fellow comedians took to social media to share their condolences after the tragic news broke.
A 24 story building in London went up in flames on Wednesday. So far 6 are confirmed dead. No one on the top three floors survived. Apparently the buildings sprinklers malfunctioned, and no alarms went off. Reports say that the building's owners have been aware of the fire hazard for some time.
While this is a tragedy, the real story is about one man who was outside, watching the building being engulfed in flames. This real life superhero spotted a baby being dropped out of a window on the 10th story of the building. The man ran forward and miraculously caught the infant.
Baby is "Miraculously" Caught After Being Thrown Out of 10th floor Window of the Burning #GrenfellTower #LondonFire pic.twitter.com/HqHd7zjNr3 — ~Marietta️ (@MDavisbot) June 14, 2017
Simply amazing. Just think about how far a 10 story drop is and this man somehow safely caught the baby.
Give this man a medal!
Via Barstool Sports
—
Nineties action star Jean-Claude Van Damme has drawn criticism by making a series of off-colour gay jokes.
Appearing on a French television show on Saturday, Van Damme reportedly made the remarks about same-sex relationships.
Gender Equality Minister Marlène Schiappa had challenged the Belgian star on his attitudes about gender relations, asking him what he thought of same-sex relationship dynamics after he had seemed to imply women belong in the home.
“Men get married, women get married, dogs get married… everyone is getting married and everyone is getting divorced,” Van Damme said, to audience laughter.
Schiappa called out Van Damme's joke immediately, calling it “shocking”.
“I'm sorry, but this is not funny,” she said.
“This is the day of the Pride parade where people march to defend their rights.
“I find this shocking.
“There are people who are beaten and insulted because they are homosexual. We need to support them rather than mocking them, saying they are dogs.”
Van Damme defended the comment, saying he has gay friends.
“If they want to get married, that's okay,” he added.
“But the question is, if all the boys marry each other and all the women marry each other, how are we going to have children?”
The studio audience reacted again with laughter to the star's joke, though not all viewers were so impressed.
Social media users called his comments “ignorant” and “homophobic”.
Van Damme has himself been married five times, and has three children.
Watch the television show segment below (note that the dialogue is in French without subtitles).
Jean-Claude Van Damme made about 500 horrific, sexist and homophobic comments this week on French TV, including comparing gay marriage to dogs getting married. https://t.co/mV2eqRVJKG — Diego Semerene (@DiegoSemerene) July 1, 2018
Well, he is expert on traditional marriage, having had five of them. There's a word for that: Hypocrisy. https://t.co/da63E8RPeo — Eric London (@FloridaBoi32) July 3, 2018
Jean Claude Van Damme is part of the problem! Shame on you! Shame on you for being so thirsty for attention you said something so ignorant! #loveislove #lgbt #gay #JeanClaudeVanDamme — TaylorLianneChandler (@RealTayChaTLC) July 3, 2018
Guest essay by Dr Michael Chase
SCOPE
This article describes a simple but effective procedure for regional average temperature reconstruction, a procedure that you, yes you dear reader, can fully understand and, if you have some elementary programming skills, can implement.
To aid readability, and to avoid the risk of getting it wrong, no attempt is made in the article to give proper attribution to previous work of others, but a link is provided at the end to where a list of references can be found.
INPUTS/OUTPUTS
The inputs are records of raw monthly average surface air temperature for a region of interest, plus any station history information (metadata) that is available. Monthly rainfall totals are sometimes helpful in the analysis of temperature changes.
The outputs are, separately for each month, regional averages of two quantities:
· A: The variations of “typical” (moving-average) temperature, relative to an arbitrary reference year. Moving averages are typically over around 11-15 years.
· B: The fluctuations of temperature relative to A
The two outputs are usually plotted together as A+B (temperature variations) and A (moving average variations). Note that there is no concept here of a regional average absolute temperature.
There is some arbitrariness in the definition of moving averages A, and thereby in the definition of B (= RAW – A), but this issue goes away in A+B.
PROCEDURE OUTLINE
The procedure does a democratic average across stations of temperature changes and deviations, excluding periods deemed by the analyst to be anomalous, due to a variety of causes such as station moves, equipment changes and observer errors.
Initially, when presented with raw data with no indication of anomalous periods, the procedure simply produces an average over entire station records, which acts as a reference for the visual detection/confirmation of station inhomogeneities. Each station record is analysed in turn, looking for (or confirming metadata indications of) periods of anomalous temperature change, and any such periods are marked in files, which cause the software to exclude them from subsequent recalculations of the regional averages. When all stations have been done the final output is an estimation of the true regional averages, assuming that there were no systematic weather station changes, which must be dealt with by additional (bolted-on) processing.
KEY CONCEPTS
The procedure is described with the aid of a set of actual software outputs for a set of synthetic data inputs. The synthetic station records all have the same base “moving-averages”, to which is added common sets of temperature fluctuations (referred to as “weather” in the figure titles). Each station record usually also has its own uncorrelated set of random deviations. One synthetic input has a persistent step changes in temperature, and a large transient perturbation.
The following figure, showing monthly data, illustrates the averaging methods used to obtain the two outputs of the procedure:
Regional average temperature fluctuations (output B) are estimated by median averaging across all stations with valid moving averages, the median giving resilience to data errors and local weather extremes.
Besides being one of the desired outputs (output B) the regional average temperature fluctuations play a key role in detecting/confirming inhomogeneities: subtracting the fluctuations from station raw data enhances the signal-to-noise ratio.
The regional-average moving averages are obtained by the “First Difference” (FD) method applied to the valid periods of station moving averages. Inhomogeneities are excluded simply by making them produce periods of invalid moving averages, effectively chopping station records into separate segments. The FD method forms inter-annual temperature differences, averages them across stations, then integrates those average differences forwards and backwards in time from an arbitrary reference year.
Note in the figure above that moving averages continue right up to the boundaries, a feature that allows all data to be used, there is more on this feature below.
The figure above does not show any sources of error, such as from non-climatic temperature shifts caused by station moves and equipment changes. The following figure shows the main data display used in the visual detection/confirmation of anomalous temperature changes:
The figure above shows 12-month moving averages of regional-weather-corrected temperature variations (RAW – B) for a station (in blue), together with similar data for station and regional (red) moving averages. There is a step change in temperature around year 50, but the exact date of the step is unclear.
The following figure illustrates the method used to estimate the month of step changes in temperature, it is essentially the multi-month version of the figure above:
The monthly data figure above reveals that the step change occurred early in January of year 50, with all data before then being “high”, and data after being “low”. The figure above was produced with the step change marked in a file, which caused the software to break the moving averages (the red curves) at that point, thereby preventing the step change from distorting the regional averages. The data display above is also used to check for inhomogeneities with a strong seasonality, sometimes step changes are only visible in a few months of the data.
So far we appear to be having an almost free algorithmic lunch, with no mention of auto-detection or of temperature adjustments, a one-size-fits-all reference (the regional averages), and no need for correlation and for the calculation of temperature offsets to allow different station records to be averaged. Now is the time to mention the downside with the First Difference method of averaging temperature records: end-point errors associated with truncated transient perturbations.
Transient perturbations that both start and stop within a segment of station data are not much of a problem. Even if they survive the outlier-resistant moving average estimation algorithm, they will have matching temperature up and down shifts, so they have almost no net impact on trends, but not exactly zero impact due to the time varying weights applied to stations in the regional average. A potentially large problem with transient perturbations arises when they occur at station record start/stop times, internal boundaries caused by periods of missing data, and boundaries created when records are chopped into separate segments. When a transient perturbation is truncated by a boundary it will no longer have matching up and down shifts, so may produce trend distortion.
The following figure illustrates the resilience of the procedure to truncated transient perturbations:
The blue and purple data are identical leading up to year 50, but the blue data has a transient perturbation just before its step change then. The transition defined for the blue data at year 50 creates a truncated perturbation, which would have distorted the regional average trend if the First Difference method had been applied to unsmoothed temperature data. The procedure avoids major trend distortion in this example by the smoothing inherent in moving averages, and by the use of extrapolated station data derived from the regional moving averages. The extrapolated data allows moving averages to be computed more accurately right up to boundaries, with greater resilience to transient perturbations.
QUALITY CONTROL
In general there is no need for the extensive Quality Control adjustments that feature in some methods, but in some cases a small amount is beneficial when dealing with sparse data periods. Data deemed to be invalid, and which might lead to errors if left in place, can be set manually to NaN (Not a Number). The NaNs created, and many presents originally, are auto-infilled using valid data either side, and the latest estimate of the regional average weather fluctuations.
MORE INFORMATION
There is a dedicated website for this procedure, providing more information on the algorithms and software, together with real data examples:
https://diymetanalysis.wordpress.com
The website also provides references for the original First Difference method, which was just a data averaging method, and for its use in conjunction with the removal of periods of anomalous temperature change.
BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION
Dr Michael Chase has a PhD and several years of postdoctoral research experience in theoretical physics. He also has around 30 years of experience in developing signal processing algorithms for acoustic sensor systems.
Advertisements
What makes a smart home product? Generally, they're defined by their ability to connect wirelessly, allowing users to interact with them from their smartphones. We've rounded up 20 cool, diverse offerings — from TVs, air conditioners, smoke alarms, and more.
1. Amazon Echo Show
Amazon's Echo Show is an Alexa-powered speaker with a built-in camera and a 7-inch touchscreen. The aforementioned features bring a whole new layer of functionality compared to past Echo products, including the ability to make free video calls with other Echo Show users. ($229)
2. Samsung POWERbot R7040 Robot Vacuum
The Samsung POWERbot R7040 is a well-priced robot vacuum with Amazon Alexa support. This means you can simply tell the gadget to clean your home with a simple voice command. Other key features of the device include powerful suction, excellent floor mapping, and a washable filter. ($449.99)
3. WeMo Mini Smart Plug
The WeMo mini smart plug supports a plethora of popular connected home standards, including Amazon Alexa and IFTTT. You can control the sleek Wi-Fi-connected device from anywhere, as well as set the schedules of the connected appliances. You can even randomize your lights while away from home to create an impression you haven't left. Genius! ($34.99)
4. Google Home
The stylish Google Home smart speaker is a rival to the Amazon Echo. It features the tech giant's AI-powered Google Assistant, which responds to voice prompts by tapping into an ultra advanced neural network. It can play music, answer questions, set timers, and control connected appliances, among many other things. ($129.00)
5. Amazon Echo
The Amazon Echo is a connectivity powerhouse that's disguised as a premium 360-degree wireless speaker. It will play your favorite tunes, read you the news, and control your compatible appliances, among other things, all thanks to the retail and tech giant's Alexa platform. If you don't feel like splurging on an Echo, consider the more affordable Amazon Echo Dot. It won't play tunes, but it will deliver Alexa functionality to just about any device. ($99.99)
6. Linksys Velop
The Linksys Velop mesh Wi-Fi system consists of one or more high-performance mesh nodes with pleasantly understated design and a compact footprint. A single node can cover up to 2,000 square feet with high-quality Wi-Fi. A pack of three units is good for 6,000 square feet of space. ($199.97)
7. Nest Cam IQ
The Nest Cam IQ is a sleek and incredibly clever home security camera that can recognize faces. This enables the device to alert you in case there's a stranger in your home, office, or place of business. The video quality of the device is exceptional too — the Nest Cam IQ is the first security camera with a 4K HDR sensor. ($252.99)
8. Nest Protect Smoke Detector
The Nest smoke detector has a cool design and gesture controls, as well as the ability to send alerts to your smartphone while you're away from home. There's a wired and a wireless variant to choose from. This is definitely a must-have connected home gadget. ($119.00)
9. Logitech Harmony Elite
The Logitech Harmony Elite is arguably the best universal remote control available on the market. It can control just about every piece of electronics you own (it supports over 270,000 devices!) in every room of your house or apartment, including TVs, gaming consoles, streaming devices, and sound systems, among others. The remote has Wi-Fi connectivity and a crisp color touchscreen, and there's also a free app that can turn your smartphone into a remote. ($256.99)
10. Philips Hue White and Color Ambiance Wireless Lighting Kit
This lighting kit by Philips supports a whopping 16 million colors, including 50,000 shades of white, thus allowing users to find the perfect ambience at all times. The set is compatible with major home automation standards such as Amazon Alexa, Apple Home Kit, and Nest, among others. The starter kit includes three bulbs, a dimmer switch, and smart control. ($173.89)
11. Logitech Pop Home Switch
The Pop Home Switch by Logitech is a lot smarter than its understated appearance suggests. Compatible with all major home automation platforms, the gadget can control a host of smart devices, including connected lights, speakers, and power outlets, among others. Its functionality can be customized via an intuitive mobile app for iOS and Android. The price is for a starter pack with two switches and Wi-Fi bridge, though additional ones are also available in various colors. ($69.99)
12. TP-Link Smart Plug
The TP-Link Smart Plus is compatible with Alexa, so you can control it with voice via Amazon's popular gadgets. Wi-Fi connectivity and a neat smartphone app also enable users to control the connected appliances remotely. The device doesn't require a hub. ($24.90)
13. Frigidaire Cool Connect Air Conditioner
The Cool Connect by Frigidaire is a stylish and Wi-Fi-connected air conditioner with 8,000 BTU of cooling capacity and excellent energy efficiency. Easy to install and intuitive to use, the Frigidaire Cool Connect will also send alerts to your smartphone when it's time to clean its filter, and you can control the settings via a free app. ($299.00)
14. Nest Learning Thermostat
The latest iteration of the Nest Learning Thermostat packs a vibrant circular touchscreen as well as Amazon Alexa support. In addition to allowing users to control it via a neat smartphone app, the thermostat has the ability to learn their habits — meaning that in time, it won't need programming. There are three colors to pick from — White, Stainless Steel, and Copper. ($249.00)
15. Ring Video Doorbell
Sleek and easy to install, the Ring video doorbell allows users to see and talk to visitors even while away from home. The device is available in a quartet of colors, ranging from a silver-looking Satin Nickel, all the way to an option with brass finish. This allows buyers to always find a perfect match for their door. Setup is easy, and the weather-resistant design ensures that water and humidity won't damage the Ring. ($199.00)
16. Kwikset Kevo Bluetooth Smart Lock
The Kwikset Kevo smart lock turns your smartphone into the key to your home. A mobile app allows users to manage access to the lock, check its usage history, and receive notifications when someone opens the door. The lock has a traditional key and an optional fob just in case your phone's not around. ($200.00)
17. Samsung Family Hub 2.0 Smart Refrigerator
The latest iteration of Samsung's smart refrigerator has a sleek design with recessed handles, 22 cubic feet of storage capacity, and a highly versatile drawer with four temperature settings. The device's Wi-Fi-connected smart features include the ability to create shopping lists, stream music and videos, share photos, and peek inside the fridge via a trio of built-in cameras. ($3,197.90)
18. Petzi Treat Cam
The highly rated Petzi Treat Cam began its journey to the market as a successful Indiegogo crowdfunding project. In addition to dispensing pet treats, the camera can stream HD video, support two-way communication, and capture still images of your furry friends. ($149.99)
19. iRobot Roomba 960 Robotic Vacuum Cleaner
The iRobot Roomba 960 robotic vacuum supports voice commands via both Amazon Alexa and the Google Assistant, so it's incredibly versatile. The gadget also offers top-notch floor suction and mapping, as well as up to 75 minutes of cleaning time on a single battery charge. ($697.99)
20. Dyson Pure Hot Cool Link Air Purifier
Dyson's smart air purifier will not only remove pollutants and allergens in the room, but it'll also keep it warm or cool. The device will also monitor the air quality and deliver the results on an intuitive smartphone app. There are two colors to choose from — white and blue. ($499.99)
iStock/Thinkstock(WASHINGTON) — The fate of the U.S.'s top diplomat for Asia remains in limbo two weeks ahead of the expected historic summit with North Korea.
In one of his first major personnel moves as secretary of state, Mike Pompeo is expected to withdraw the nomination of Susan Thornton for Assistant Secretary of State for East Asian and Pacific Affairs, three sources with knowledge of the matter told ABC News.
Thornton is a career Foreign Service officer with 20 years of experience in the region who has been the acting Assistant Secretary since March 2017. Former Secretary of State Rex Tillerson was a fierce proponent of hers, battling China hawks in the administration and on Capitol Hill to get White House approval for her nomination in December.
Despite her pending nomination and current role, Thornton has been largely sidelined from North Korea negotiations compared to other senior administration officials. She traveled to China and Japan in May to meet her counterparts, but she did not accompany Pompeo on either of his trips to North Korea to meet Kim Jong-un. She also did not join Pompeo for his Wednesday trip to New York where he was set to meet with Kim Yong Chol, a top adviser to Kim and Vice Chairman of the Central Committee.
One former administration official said Thornton has been “totally cut out” of talks.
State Department spokesperson Heather Nauert did not elaborate on her role, only telling ABC News “Susan Thornton remains the nominee and is a respected member of the State Department team. The secretary has met with her numerous times to seek her counsel.”
Before Pompeo's confirmation as secretary of state, he used CIA channels to start talks with North Korea and has since relied on a small coterie of advisers. That team includes National Security Council Director for Asia Matthew Pottinger and the State Department's Policy Planning Director Brian Hook, Executive Secretariat Lisa Kenna, and spokesperson Nauert – all of whom traveled with Pompeo in May.
Other officials, including the National Security Council's Director for Korea Allison Hooker, Assistant Secretary of Defense for East Asia Randall Schriver, State Department Korea Desk Director Mark Lambert, and U.S. Ambassador to the Philippines Sung Kim, have been involved in planning meetings with North Korea ahead of the summit.
The ambassador posting in South Korea has been vacant for 16 months. President Donald Trump nominated Navy Adm. Harry Harris for the position on Saturday but he is nowhere near being confirmed before the summit.
“I think it's going to lead to a position where we have no experts at the table, no one who has weighed in over the course of the situation,” said foreign policy expert Brett Bruen, who worked as a State Department official for 12 years.
“There's no medium or long-term memory that has been built up over the last year and a half. From a national security perspective, on North Korea, Iran, any other major threat, we are flying blind,” he added.
Tillerson and Thornton had a good working relationship, with Tillerson publicly praising her and privately going to the mat to secure her nomination. His aides also believed that promoting a career diplomat to the position typically allotted to political appointees would boost morale within the department.
But Thornton faced resistance from critics like former White House chief strategist Steve Bannon, who said he was “getting Susan Thornton out at State” in his last interview while working for the administration.
Key Republican senators like Marco Rubio and Tom Cotton say she is too soft on North Korea and China.
Her nomination process has slowed to a crawl on Capitol Hill. After a confirmation hearing in February, the Senate Foreign Relations Committee has not held a vote on her nomination, and Rubio has vowed to block her approval.
“I will do all I can to defeat the current nominee for top Asia diplomat,” he tweeted in March. “This position needs to be held by someone who understands we need to rebalance our relationship with China, support Taiwan & defend human rights.”
Sources with knowledge of the matter say that Pompeo is considering Adm. Scott Swift and the Pottinger from the National Security Council as possible replacements, but he will not withdraw Thornton's name until after the potential summit in Singapore.
As a career diplomat, Thornton is expected to be reassigned to an ambassadorship in the region, possibly to Singapore where the Trump administration nominated and then withdrew former Deputy National Security Adviser K.T. McFarland after details emerged about her role in the Trump campaign's contacts with Russian officials.
Pompeo hinted at the shakeup at a hearing on the Hill last week saying he was “close to making a number of significant announcements about new members of the team, Assistant Secretary for East Asia Affairs and South Asia among them.”
As the administration closes in on trade talks, the president appears to be taking a tougher line on China again. On Tuesday, the White House announced that the administration will go through with Trump's threat to place $50 billion worth of tariffs on Chinese goods.
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
De novo activity continues to gain traction across more states.
Organizers want to open the first new bank in Michigan in nearly a decade, while another group has filed a de novo application for Florida.
New banks opened in January in California and South Carolina, while groups in Alabama, Florida, Nevada, New York, North Carolina and Tennessee all have at least one application pending.
There will be more geographic diversity as other efforts take shape, industry experts said.
Activity “will be spread pretty evenly,” said Lee Bradley, senior managing director at Community Capital Advisors, which is working with the organizers of Community Bank of the Carolinas in Winston-Salem, N.C. Bradley said he expects most initial efforts to focus on metro areas where many community banks have been acquired.
Rural markets could also get more attention, said Robert Kafafian, president and CEO of Kafafian Group. “There are folks in those areas that might see opportunities, or a need, for a community bank,” he said.
The effort in Michigan aligns with the trend of activity in more urban markets.
MiCommunity Bank, which aims to become Michigan's first de novo since April 2009, would be based in Bloomfield Township, about 25 miles northwest of Detroit.
The effort is being led by Rob Farr, who would become the bank's president and CEO. Farr held the same posts at Birmingham Bloomfield Bancshares, which was sold last year to Arbor Bancorp.
Farr would like to see MiCommunity open later this year. It will serve small businesses and their owners throughout the Detroit area. Organizers are planning to raise $25 million to $30 million over the next four to five months.
Florida, meanwhile, keeps getting looks for startup banks.
A group recently filed an application for Tarpon Coast Bank in Port Charlotte, following the lead of Winter Park National Bank, which opened last year, and an effort to launch Coastal Community Bank in Hollywood.
The push for Tarpon Coast is being led by Todd Katz, who would be the bank's president and CEO. Katz recently emerged from a two-year noncompete agreement after Calusa Bank, where he was vice chairman, was sold to Achieva Credit Union.
Port Charlotte has been "almost a lost area" between Sarasota and Naples in terms of development, Katz said, though a number of recent projects in the area have him optimistic about lending opportunities over the next decade. "We have 11 very well connected board members who are leaders and experts in each of their industries."
Tarpon Coast aims to raise $15 million to $18 million in capital, with a targeting opening in the fourth quarter.
While the amount of initial capital is less than what many industry experts believe should be targeted, Katz said regulators have yet to scoff at their goal.
"We've seen a much friendlier tone from both the FDIC and the state," Katz said. "It is very refreshing."
While highly unlikely that de novo activity will come anywhere close to pre-crisis levels, industry experts are excited to see increased interest. A surge in startup efforts will also provide more clarity as to regulators' expectations.
“I think the challenges … can go into three broad categories,” Kafafian said, noting that capital is a big hurdle.
“It might also be tough for these startups to keep technology current,” Kafafian added. “Then you add in the long-term return and illiquidity of the stock. Having said that, the economy is strong enough and enough banks have consolidated that investors in various markets around the country are starting to consider this the time to [form] a new bank.”
Indeed, more people are expressing an interest in opening banks.
Kafafian and Bradley said they have been getting more calls in recent months.
“I just met with a potential group in Danielsville, Ga., which is northeast of Atlanta,” Bradley said. “It is … a town that had a locally owned bank but it was acquired. Some of the business leaders want to come together and have a locally owned bank.”
John Reosti and Jackie Stewart contributed to this article.
To celebrate, here are this weeks most viral videos.
'Jeremiah & Jeff Show' Morning Producer Monday through Friday 5:30-10 am Follow Paul on Twitter here Paul graduated from The University of Akron with a degree in broadcasting in 2012. During his time there, he interned with...
Work has begun on the controversial extension to Carnoustie Links golf centre.
Ogilvie Construction Ltd started the first stage of demolition by removing the exterior stone cladding, the outer walls and roof.
The original sand-coloured stone cladding will be recycled on to the external walls of the new extension, to blend in with the links scenery.
The new building will provide a state-of-the-art golf practice and training facility along with a new bar and restaurant overlooking the golf course.
The project, which met local opposition, is due to be completed by December.
Graeme Duncan, general manager at Carnoustie Golf Links, said: “I am very pleased that so much progress has been made within a short time of starting construction.
“I am looking forward to watching the build grow within the next few months.
“This new building is going to act as a centralised hub for all at Carnoustie Golf Links as well as a true celebration of the town's rich golfing history here.”
Cabins placed adjacent to the visitors' putting green will house the pro shop, golf services and caddie master until completion of the extension.
Meanwhile, the recently elected Carnoustie councillor David Cheape has joined Carnoustie Golf Links management committee, taking up the seat left vacant since Councillor Helen Oswald's death.
Mr Cheape said: “I look forward to working with the existing trustees and employees to help build upon the success and reputation of our world class links courses.”
Chicago police officers investigate the scene of a double homicide on the steps of Friendship Baptist Church, located in the 200 block of South Laramie, on Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017, in Chicago's Austin community. Alyssa Pointer TNS
South Sudanese President Salva Kiir rejected calls from some opposition groups to resign as part of a deal to end the four-year civil war in the oil-producing African nation.
“They want me to sign the agreement and then step down immediately,” Kiir said Tuesday in the capital, Juba, at a gathering to mourn army chief James Ajongo, who died last week after a short illness. “What is my incentive in bringing peace if it is peace that I will bring and then I step aside? Nobody can do it.”
Eight of nine opposition and rebel groups that have been in stop-start talks with South Sudan's government on April 14 issued a statement urging him to resign. “The people who are fighting with us have very unreasonable conditions to make peace,” Kiir said.
Conflict that erupted in December 2013 has claimed tens of thousands of lives, caused Africa's largest refugee crisis and left parts of South Sudan on the brink of famine. A decline in crude production -- the government's almost sole source of revenue -- and lower global oil prices have shattered the economy.
The eight organizations also called on Riek Machar, a former vice president and rebel leader commanding the ninth group, to hold no role in any transitional administration. Machar briefly returned as Kiir's deputy in mid-2016 under a short-lived peace deal, before being forced to flee the country amid renewed violence.
Negotiations backed by other East African countries were due to resume in neighboring Ethiopia on April 26, but were last week postponed to a later date. Kiir, 66, has ruled South Sudan since independence from Sudan in July 2011.
TCU Horned Frogs quarterback Foster Sawyer (12) is tackled by Kansas State Wildcats linebacker Charmeachealle Moore (52) during the second quarter of their game on Saturday, December 3, 2016 at Amon G. Carter Stadium in Fort Worth. (Ashley Landis/The Dallas Morning News)
Sophomore Foster Sawyer announced his decision to transfer from Fort Worth on Monday afternoon. Sawyer, a Fort Worth All Saints product, started two games in two years with the Horned Frogs.
One of TCU's top two quarterbacks has decided to leave the program.
Sawyer appeared in eight games this season and split reps with Kenny Hill in Hill's first year of eligibility since transferring from Texas A&M.
Sawyer was 26 of 55 passing for 278 yards, one touchdown and one interception. As a freshman, Sawyer completed 11 of 27 passes for 155 yards and one score.
The 6-foot-5 quarterback was a 3-star recruit coming out of All Saints and the 17th-ranked recruit in SportsDayHS' 2014 Area top 100 rankings.
He set school records at Fort Worth All Saints for career passing yards (5,997) as well as single-season passing yards (3,192) and touchdowns (48).
All Saints went 22-0 during his junior and senior seasons and won back-to-back SPC championships. According to the Fort Worth Star-Telegram, Sawyer spent time at Aledo and Arlington Grace Prep before he transferred to All Saints for his final two years.
Sawyer started the year competing for the open quarterback position. Hill, a Southlake Carroll alum, won the spot but struggled at times throughout the season. He threw for 3.208 yards, 17 touchdowns and 13 touchdowns.
DeSoto QB Shawn Robinson, the No. 5 dual-threat QB in the country according to 247Sports, is currently committed to the Horned Frogs. Former Waxahachie standout Jordan Kitna, a freshman walk-on last season, is also on the roster.
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Apple has bought Shazam, the maker of a song-recognition app that Apple's digital assistant Siri has already been using to help people identify the music playing on their iPhones.
The companies didn't disclose the price of the acquisition announced Monday. Technology news site Recode previously reported Apple is paying about $400 million for Shazam, citing three unidentified people familiar with the deal.
Apple Inc. issued a statement describing Shazam as “natural fit” with its services.
“We have exciting plans in store, and we look forward to combining with Shazam,” Apple said. The Cupertino, California, company declined to say whether Shazam's app will still be available after the deal closes.
Some of Shazam's features conceivably could be blended into Apple's music streaming services, which has accumulated more than 27 million subscribers since the company created it in 2015.
Siri began drawing upon Shazam's technology to answer questions about songs as part of a 2014 update to the iPhone's operating system.
The Shazam deal marks Apple's biggest acquisition in music since paying $3 billion for Beats Electronics' line of headphones and music service in 2014.
Digital services have been playing an increasingly important role for Apple as the sales of iPhones — the company's main moneymaker — have slowed. Software and other services generated $30 billion in revenue during Apple's last fiscal year, a 23 percent increase from the previous year.
Shazam was founded in 2002 and made one of the first apps for the iPhone. It has about 250 employees working at its London headquarters and seven other offices in the U.S., Australia and Germany.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
EDEN PRAIRIE, Minn. (AP) — Get your 84 jerseys out.
The Minnesota Vikings will induct Randy Moss into the team's Ring of Honor during the upcoming season. The team also announced on Wednesday that former receiver Ahmad Rashad will be inducted with Moss in the team's first ceremony since 2013.
Moss is one of the most popular players in Vikings history. He electrified a stagnant franchise when he was drafted in 1998 and spent seven record-setting years in purple before being traded to Oakland. Moss returned for four games in 2010, but clashed with coach Brad Childress before being released. His No. 84 jersey continues to be a big seller in Minnesota to this day.
Rashad played seven seasons for the Vikings from 1976-82. He made four Pro Bowls as a Viking.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
FORT LAUDERDALE, FLA. (WSVN) - Police have once again arrested a man accused of taking thousands of dollars in deposits from clients for rental homes and not following through.
Mohamed Donald was arrested in February and again in April on charges stemming from his real estate deals. He was released from jail both times.
Last month, 7News reported the story of new clients who accused Donald of continuing his real estate practices while he was out on bond.
The Broward State Attorney requested that his bond be revoked, but Donald did not show up to his Nov. 28 hearing.
Donald will now await trial behind bars.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Watch: What do with your leftover Easter eggs
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Chocolate eggs and fluffy rabbits at the ready - before you know it, it will be Easter .
In 2017, Easter Sunday will fall on April 16, with Good Friday on April 14, and Easter Monday on April 17.
Although those of us with a sweet tooth will be looking forward to Cadbury Creme Eggs and Malteser bunnies, there's another traditional sweet treat that Easter wouldn't be the same without - hot cross buns.
Traditionally eaten on Good Friday, these buns made with yeast, currants or raisins and marked with a cross on the top have long been associated with Easter.
But what does the cross on top mean?
The pastry cross on the buns symbolises and reminds Christians of the cross that Jesus was killed on.
The buns mark the end of Lent and different parts of the hot cross bun also have a certain meaning.
As well as the cross representing the crucifixion of Jesus, the spices inside are said to remind Christians "of the spices put on the body of Jesus".
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The centres offer childcare provision, midwifery services, help vulnerable children and have drop-in options
The number of children's centres run by Shropshire Council could be cut by half in a bid to save almost £900,000.
Sites in Oswestry, Ludlow, Whitchurch, Bridgnorth and two in Shrewsbury could shut, with some redundancies expected, the council said.
The centres offer childcare, help and support, but some are only used for a small part of the week which is costly, the council said.
The plans go before cabinet next week with a final decision due in September.
Karen Bradshaw, director of children's services at the Conservative-run authority, said: "What we want to do is make sure that we provide integrated services. We want all professionals who work with families to work in a consistent way and work together looking at the whole family.
"We're not reliant on buildings to provide the efficient and effective support that really changes families' lives."
The authority said it would save £875,000.
In the last year, there's been a big drop in support for charter schools, while other forms of school choice are getting a little less unpopular. That's the top line of a national poll released today.
President Trump and his education secretary Betsy DeVos have put school choice front and center on their education agenda. The general idea of "choice," however, takes many forms.
Charter schools are paid for by tax dollars, charge no tuition and are managed independently of public school districts.
Vouchers allow students to use tax dollars to pay tuition at private schools.
Tax-credit scholarships, now available in 17 states, which allow individuals and companies to get a tax credit for donating to scholarship funds that are used in turn for private school tuition.
U.S. opinion on these ideas seems to be shifting, according to a new poll from EducationNext, an opinion and policy journal associated with free-market education reform ideas. They've been asking similar questions for the past decade.
Here are the latest results:
Charters: Last year 51 percent of the public supported "the formation of charter schools"; this year it's just 39 percent, a 12 point drop in one year.
Vouchers: 45 percent are either strongly or somewhat supportive of universal vouchers. That's a bounce from last year, but more or less in line with the five years before.
Tax credits: This was the most popular form of school choice with 55 percent of the general public supporting this year; also a one-year bounce, but in line with longer-term trends.
There's no one obvious explanation for the change in opinion on charter schools. The drop was seen among both Democrats and Republicans and amongst all racial and ethnic groups.
"That's the largest change on any survey item, and one of the largest single-year changes in opinion that we've seen over the 11-year history of the survey," Martin West, the editor-in-chief of EducationNext, said on a press conference call.
The wording of the question — about the formation of charter schools — may hold a clue. In theory, it might be possible to have very positive feelings about the charter schools currently in your community, yet still oppose new ones.
And the expansion of charters is exactly what communities around the country have been fighting over.
Last year the NAACP and Black Lives Matter called for a moratorium on the growth of charter schools (the NAACP called more recently for a ban on for-profit management of these schools). The state of Massachusetts saw a bruising fight over its charter cap. Detroit's proliferation of charters has been labeled "a glut" and "chaos." And charter expansion was the central issue in the school board race in Los Angeles, one of the biggest public school districts in the country.
The nationally representative poll breaks down respondents by political party, and there's a clear partisan divide on many issues, even as public opinion shifts. Last year, for example, 57 percent of Democrats favored universal vouchers, against 45 percent of Republicans. This year they've switched places: 62 percent of Republicans like them and only 50 percent of Democrats agree.
Zeroing in on that political divide, pollsters also measured what they called the "Trump effect." That is, how do responses change when some people are told that the president supports or opposes a particular issue?
They found that self-identified Republicans are more likely to support an issue if they are informed that Trump also supports it, while Democrats are the opposite. However, Trump's net influence is nearly nil, which makes him less of a force than President Obama was in this poll in 2009. Back then, when respondents on all sides were told the new President supported an education issue, they were more likely to back it, by double digits.
This poll, then, serves as a snapshot of what some have called the breakdown of a long-standing bipartisan consensus on education that dated back to No Child Left Behind.
Still, there is one enduring issue where blue- and red-state opinions are near-identical: approval of the local public schools. 55 percent of Republicans and 54 percent of Democrats give local schools a B or an A.
DEFEND THE LAND
It's what the Cleveland Cavaliers live and die by at the moment. It's the slogan you will see plastered all over the city, all over clothing, and shouted from around the Q.
If you're not the most avid Cavs fan (though really, why wouldn't you be), you could mistake the slogan “Defend Our Ground” as being the correct motto… but it's not.
In fact, that's the playoff slogan for the one and only, Golden State Warriors.
Ever since they started using the slogan for the team, they have been torn apart online, and by word of mouth for essentially copying the team that beat them last year. Now it's understandable that there are only a couple different mottos you can use…but really…that close?
GREENVILLE, N.C. – ECU opened its fourth and final week of spring workouts under the guidance of third-year head coach Scottie Montgomery and staff with a determined 100-minute session Monday afternoon on Hight Field inside the Cliff Moore Practice Complex.
The Pirates returned to action in pads after conducting their first intrasquad scrimmage of the season Saturday. Following its 12th practice Monday, ECU has just two more weekday workouts scheduled – one being a full-contact outing – before closing camp with the Purple-Gold Game at 1 p.m. Saturday.
Montgomery completed his evaluation of the action over the weekend and maintained his earlier thoughts after seeing the tape, lauding the defense's secondary play, game management by quarterbacks and offensive line improvement as a few of the biggest positives of the contest. While ECU was a little hampered from a depth standpoint because of injuries, Montgomery felt progress was made on both sides of the ball.
“We're playing at a high level and are very close on defense,” Montgomery said. “I really thought Marcus (Holton) made a some great plays in the secondary, and outside of a few quarterback runs, we held the run game in check.
“Reid (Herring) and Holton (Ahlers) did a good job taking care of the football and thought Kingsley (Ifedi) stepped up in the pocket nicely. The progression we've made on the offensive line was really noticeable.”
In addition to its traditional unit and special teams periods Monday, the Pirates continued to stress an up-tempo pace during four team-on-team segments that covered run, pass, reactionary and redzone situations.
ECU will be back in action Wednesday afternoon for a regularly-scheduled practice before dividing the squads into Purple & Gold units prior to Friday's outing.
NOTES: DE Kendall Futrell was cleared for “full-go” status Monday after sitting out Saturday's scrimmage because of an injury, while TE Ben Norris, RB Darius Pinnix and CB Corey Seargent all returned to work in a limited contact capacity … PK Jake Verity was held out of practice Monday, joining DL Brandon Henderson, DB Tim Irvin, LB Ray Tillman and OL Peyton Winstead on the sidelines … QB Reid Herring's 20-yard TD pass to WR Deondre Farrier and QB Holton Ahlers' 18-yard scoring run highlighted the redzone period for the offense which was otherwise controlled by the Pirate defense (which made stops on the remaining other 15 snaps).
ECU'S 2018 SPRING PRACTICE SCHEDULE
Next Workout: Wednesday, March 21 (4:30-6:15 p.m.)
Remaining Workouts: March 23, March 24 (Purple-Gold Game, 1:00 p.m.)
Questions, Comments or News Stories Contact Owner/Publisher Jonathan Taylor 410-422-2948 Or email me at jtlesn@comcast.net
By Abby Hassler
The legal battle between Taylor Swift and former Denver Country radio DJ, David Mueller is coming to close as the judge heard closing arguments from both parties today.
Related: Judge Drops DJ's Complaint Against Taylor Swift, Closing Arguments Expected Today
“That's not the type of guy who grabs or gropes a superstar, apparently out of the blue,” Mueller's attorney Gabriel McFarland said.
“Ms. Swift's story never changed. Ever. For four years,” Swift's attorney Douglas Baldridge said. “Will aggressors like David Mueller be allowed to victimize their victims?” he asked the jurors.
Baldridge then asked the jury to “return a verdict for a single dollar, a single symbolic dollar, the value of which is immeasurable to all women in this situation.”
The case is now with the jury.
FILE - In this Jan. 1, 2017, file photo, Dallas Cowboys' Tony Romo smiles on the bench during the second half of an NFL football game against the Philadelphia Eagles in Philadelphia. Those closest to Romo on the Cowboys arenât ready to discuss the future of the Dallas quarterback, probably because they know the likely final answer. After 156 games, 34,183 yards passing and 248 touchdowns, Romoâs career in Dallas appears over after he lost the job he held for 10 years to rookie sensation Dak Prescott following a preseason back injury. The question is, whatâs next. (AP Photo/Matt Rourke, File)
Romo a Texan?
Kevin Sherrington: Perhaps the Houston Texans might be interested in Tony Romo. What do you hear?
John McClain: First of all, the Texans have three quarterbacks - Brock Osweiler, Tom Savage and Brandon Weeden, who won two games after the Cowboys cut him last year. I believe the opening day starter is Tom Savage, going into the last year of his contract. He cannot stay healthy. And Osweiler, who, because of his contract, everybody thought he was going to answer the problem that has existed since the franchise's inception in 2002. The best quarterback the Texans have ever had was Matt Schaub. Matt had four good years before his meltdown in 2013. So, once again, they're looking. I don't expect them to cut Osweiler. I think he'll be back; I think he'll be a backup.
Here's the deal about Romo. They will kick the tires on every quarterback who's available. They will not trade for Romo; the Cowboys are going to have to release him. I feel bad for the Cowboys because, if they kept him, they'd have the best quarterback situation in the NFL. But I think we all probably agree; there's no way Jerry Jones is gonna do that for a quarterback he likes so much. If Romo is unrestricted, the Texans will check him out. For him to have a chance to play here, he's going to have to take an enormous paycut. There are a lot of teams out there, bad teams, they could pay him $20 million a year if they want to cause they've got cap money to spend on anything they want. The Texans' cap situation right now, they'll have about $13 million operating money. If Romo wanted a chance to go to the Super Bowl and he thinks the Texans would give him that chance and he would agree to a really team-friendly contract, I'm sure they would be interested. But I can't imagine, every player wants to get what he can get. What about the 49ers, if they offered him a gargantuan contract to come in for a couple of years?
Barry Horn: John, the theory here is that he wants to play for a chance to go to the Super Bowl.
John McClain: Right, but if you're offering him $20 million a year, compared to $2 million a year, would he do that?
Kevin Sherrington: I don't think he would. When people say he might retire, he might go into broadcasting, he might do other things. Just watching him last year, I think it just galled him no end that he lost that job - and he understands why he lost it. But to think that the Cowboys were that close; they came back; they were really on the cusp of being pretty good and making a run for the Super Bowl. And he was not part of that. I think he wants to prove to everybody that he was at least good enough to do what Dak Prescott did and maybe more. He's had a year now to kind of get his back in better shape. I think he knows 'if I go to a team like the Jets; if I go to the 49ers where they would pay me to play, but I'm gonna get beat up and we're not gonna win and everybody would say so what.' I really feel like his No. 1 choice is Denver because of how it worked for Peyton Manning. And I think he thinks 'I've got more left than what Peyton Manning had left when he took that job.'
John McClain: If he can stay healthy, yes he would. The Texans' situation is this ... with Osweiler at quarterback, only four teams went further than they did. I love to tell Cowboys fans down here, 'well, you know ... they didn't go any further the Texans.' The coaches here - Bill O'Brien is really tough on his quarterback - I think that was one of the problems. I think Osweiler was used to being patted on the back in Denver instead of being kicked in the butt like O'Brien does. Some can handle it, some can't. If Romo is a free agent, I guarantee you his agent will talk to the Texans and they'll be interested. But I'll still be surprised if they pull it off. If they were to trade him, it would be a conditional pick I'm sure. But I just can't imagine anybody taking on that contract.
Kevin Sherrington: Is it possible he (Osweiler) would take a pay cut?
John McClain: He got $37 million guaranteed. He's due $16 million guaranteed this season. The truth is, barring a miracle, he's gonna be gone after next season. His cap is just about the same thing as Romo. I don't think they've given up on him after one year. I think they wanna give him another year to let him compete, to see if he can be better. He couldn't be any worse, that's for sure. At least not for the money they invested in him. Not one time did he play a really good game from start to finish. He threw for fewer than 200 yards so many times I couldn't even keep track.
A Houston view on Dak
Barry Horn: What do you see when you see Dak Prescott?
John McClain: I saw a quarterback that accomplished in unprecedented fashion. There's never been a quarterback taken in the fourth round down - least since I've been watching the NFL - who has played like he played. Yes, it helped to have Elliott and yes it helped to have a great offensive line. They did a tremendous job of coaching him. They did a great job of not asking him to do things he couldn't do. And he did a great job, the mental part. He played better than any rookie that I can remember who was drafted down where he was. He and Marcus Mariota should have shut up these critics who say guys that come from spread systems need years to develop. I voted for Prescott for MVP. He comes across as mature beyond his years. Everybody's gonna be looking for the next Prescott. They're gonna be looking to pay more attention to the heart and head and less to the stats. It was a great pick by the Cowboys. And think of all the teams that are kicking themselves for passing him up. And the Cowboys refusing to give up that extra two to get Paxton Lynch turned out to be a Godsend.
Jerry Jones the Hall of Famer
Barry Horn: John, were you a thumbs up or thumbs down guy for Jerry Jones for the Hall of Fame?
John McClain: I was a thumbs up for Jerry; I thought he was a lock. Ten years ago, I wrote a column that Jerry Jones was going to get in the Hall of Fame. And Randy Galloway ripped me up one side, down the other. I went (on his radio show) and I wish Randy was back on one day so I could go back on the air with him. The reason I wrote it was because I saw things and heard things about how the league was changing and adopting a lot of the things that Jerry was recommending. I was hearing people (saying) instead of 'this yahoo just fell off the turnip truck on the way from Arkansas to this guy's pretty smart.' Jerry has been a mover and shaker behind the scenes, a power broker in the NFL. He's very, very influential. We made sure we voted on Jerry the owner, not the GM.
NFL combine/draft
Kevin Sherrington: When's the last time you can remember there was just one Texas guy at the combine?
John McClain: Even when they didn't have anybody drafted a couple of years ago, they at least had a couple of guys at the combine. That's a sad state of affairs. I think Baylor's got three. You know (Tech QB Patrick) Mahomes ... sometimes when you scout a player, what that player does under duress is just as important to scout as what he does when everything is going really well. That game where he threw - what 700 and something yards against Oklahoma. I don't care if he threw it across his body, I don't care how he threw it. They're gonna like it. I think people are going to like his size, everything about him. I think the success of Prescott and Mariota is gonna help a guy like Mahomes. Where people will try to look beyond the system and look more at the player himself.
Kevin Sherrington: At 28, if they (the Cowboys) were gonna stick with defense, if they were gonna take a defensive end, do you have any favorites out there?
John McClain: I don't, not down there. This is a good draft for edge rushers, and it's a really good draft for corners and safeties.
Kevin Sherrington: What would (Jerry Jones) have to do (to trade up to the top of the draft to take Myles Garrett)?
John McClain: It's impossible to go from the bottom to the top like that because the team in return would get low No. 1 picks. The idea it to try to get a high No. 1 pick. Cleveland will take him and, barring injury, he'll be great. You would have to give up multiple players and multiple high picks. That offense has got so much talent, it just seems like they've got to add to the defense. Ezekiel Elliott was special. I predicted he'd lead the league in rushing as soon as they drafted him because of that offensive line and because he was such a three-down player. I don't think there's somebody that's gonna jump out like that. Rod Marinelli's gonna be standing on his head to get a defensive player.
With office parties to organize and gifts to send out to employees, clients and customers, things can get hectic for businesses during the holidays, as well as expensive. With a little bit of effort and know-how, one expense businesses can cut down and make savings on is electricity.
If you are interested in reducing this unavoidable business expense during the holiday season, take a look at the following ways to save on electricity during this busy time of year.
Create an Energy Checklist
One of the first things you should do to try and help your business consume less electricity during this festive period is to create an energy checklist. This checklist should cover every element of your business's energy-usage.
Some of the principal items your energy checklist should include are heating, lighting, drafts and ventilation, equipment, gas and electricity. When creating an energy checklist ahead of the holiday season you should visit every room in your business premises, adding everything — including lighting and equipment — that will affect your energy consumption so you can effectively winterize your business.
Use Power Strips to Power Holiday Decorations
Holiday lights and neon decorations bring some festive cheer into a business space. However, these energy-sapping items can also add dollars to energy bills! Even when lights and electronics aren't on, they draw energy, therefore costing businesses money. Help reduce this expense by plugging holiday decorations into a power strip and turning it off when they're not being used.
Opt for LED lights
As the Department of Energy notes, LED lights consume 70 percent less energy than conventional incandescent lights. Consequently, lighting a tree in the office for 12 hours a day for 40 days would cost $0.27 compared to the $10 it would cost to light the same tree with incandescent bulbs. It's a no brainer!
Use Rechargeable Batteries
Rather than plugging holiday decorations into the electrical mains, use battery-powered decorations instead. Rechargeable batteries prove more cost-effective than conventional batteries and will mean you're not relying on electricity.
Retain the Heat in Your Building
With the erratic weather around the holiday season, heating often needs to be operating at full throttle to keep everyone warm at work. Simply draft-proofing your premises so doors and windows don't let cold air in and warm air out helps make sure your heating system has less work to do. And less work for your heating system means less dollars to pay on energy bills!
Let There Be Light
Granted, the sunlight hours are fewer during the holiday season, but that's not to say there isn't any sunlight during working hours in December. Instead of relying on keeping lights turned on during the whole working day, try getting the optimum amount of daylight flooding into the office, shop, factory, or whatever business premises you operate.
This could mean opening the blinds to their fullest capacity, ensuring curtains are fully drawn, or removing any items and clutter from window ledges that may be hindering the natural light from coming through the windows.
Weatherproof Your Windows
And speaking of windows, they may be responsible for as much as 10 percent of the heat loss in a typical building, according to Green Spec. Consider ‘winterizing' to reduce heat loss and thus ensure money for heating bills doesn't vanish — literally into thin air!
You may want to think about installing more energy-efficient windows. Or you can reduce energy costs by enhancing their efficiency. This can be done by adding storm windows, caulking and weather stripping, advises the Department of Energy.
Install a Programmable Thermostat
Warm air circulating in the office is wasted if no one is there at the time. Make sure your business isn't wasting money heating buildings that are vacant or rooms that are not in use. You can do this by installing a programmable thermostat in your building. According to the Department of Energy, as much as 10 percent can be saved annually on heating and cooling costs by simply turning a thermostat down 7 to 10 degrees Fahrenheit for eight hours a day.
Programmable thermostats give businesses greater control over their heating. You can essentially adjust the times on the thermostat, so it comes on and turns off at specific times of the day using a pre-set schedule. This means a building isn't unnecessarily heated when nobody is occupying it, thereby saving businesses considerably amounts of money on energy bills.
Treat Your Business to an Energy Audit
Now's the time to do an energy audit of your business to ensure you save money on electricity and gas in time for the holiday season. A comprehensive energy audit will bring energy awareness to a company, identify where energy is going to waste, and put an action plan in place where energy can be saved. Conducting an energy audit in your business premises is one of the most cost-effective ways to help consistently reduce monthly expenditures on gas and electricity.
Think Wisely About Holiday Gadgets
As the Energy Saving Trust explains, tablets use 70 percent less power than laptops. If you have a Bring Your Own Device policy at work, encourage staff to bring in tablets to work from instead of energy-draining laptops. Or you may even want to think about supplying your staff with energy-efficient tablets to considerably reduce electricity costs around the holidays.
Install a Timer for Holiday Lights
Holiday lights flickering away on a tree with nobody there to enjoy them is a complete waste of money! Installing a light timer in the office or other business premises allows you to turn lights on and off at specific times, meaning lights won't be left on unnecessarily to drive up the electric bill..
Think About Energy Consumption in the Company Kitchen
‘Tis the season for overindulgence and therefore kitchens both at home and at work tend to be working overtime during the holidays. With colleagues gathering in the kitchen, eager to warm up mince pies to be shared around the office or make warm cups of hot chocolate in the afternoon, the energy costs can begin to rise.
Encouraging members of your staff to use common sense considerations, however, can help reduce energy costs in your office kitchen. For example, encourage employees to use the right size pot when cooking or heating food on stove burners as a simple way to reduce electricity costs. Ask employees to avoid opening the oven door when cooking and therefore letting heat escape.
When it comes to saving energy, it's often the simplest but most overlooked things that can have the biggest impact.
For more, check out these additional holiday energy-saving tips for the holiday season.
Photo via Shutterstock
Check out our Business Gift Giving Guide for more tips about holiday trends.
By Johnbosco Agbakwuru
THE United Progressive Party, UPP, has screened and cleared the two aspirants who picked its nomination form and fulfilled the requirements of the party to contest for the ticket.
The two aspirants cleared by the UPP Screening Committee led by its National Secretary, Alhaji Sadeeq Masalla were a two term member of the House of Representatives, Chudi Offodile; and former Corps Marshal of the Federal Road Safety Corps and immediate past Minister of Aviation, Osita Chidoka.
A statement by the party's National Publicity Secretary, Ogbuehi Dike in Abuja weekend, said that the party will continue to abide by its guidelines in accordance with the provisions of the Electoral Act in its preparation for the election.
According to the statement, “Following the report of the Screening Committee, the Party can now confirm that Hon. Chudi Offodile and Chief Osita Chidoka are eligible to participate in its Primary Election scheduled to hold on Saturday 19th August 2017, at Awka, Anambra State.
“We wish to seize this opportunity to reassure all the members of our great Party and the general public that in compliance with our commitment and pledge the Primary Election shall be transparent, credible and a level playing ground provided for all the accredited delegates and aspirants contesting for the Party gubernatorial ticket.”
Photo illustration by Slate. Photos by Thinkstock.
Care and Feeding is Slate's parenting advice column. Have a question for Care and Feeding? Email careandfeeding@gmail.com or post it in the Slate Parenting Facebook group.
Dear Care and Feeding,
How do you manage working at home when your toddler knows you're in the house?! We have a nanny so my 2-year-old is routinely at home. I work from home three days a week. On the two days that I'm in the office, she is fine with the nanny all day. On the days I'm home and in a different room, she's a complete wreck. Having to leave the house to work in a different location seems to defeat the perk of working from home. Any suggestions?
—Hiding Mommy
Dear HM,
I don't think you should be going the nanny route at all, actually. For some years, I was in your nanny's position, taking care of two toddlers while their mother worked in the home office. Even as the actual dad it was a constant struggle. I imagine that for a nanny it's even worse. What you have now is simply not workable.
I suppose you could ask your nanny to take your toddler out of the home more frequently and for greater stretches, but even the most intrepid and inventive sitter can only wander the city for so long. The reality is that the only way work-from-home works is if one of you is out of the house. And if it's not going to be you, it's going to have to be your kid.
So it makes me wonder why you have ruled out day care for these work-from-home days. It would allow your kid some much-needed social time, and you some much-needed solitude.
It's a transition that takes some time, sure, but it's an inevitable one anyway. Ultimately it sounds like an all-around win for everyone (except your nanny, who I'm sure will recover). I would give it serious thought. Otherwise you'll just keep finding that working from home is traumatic, tedious, and incredibly stressful, and who needs more of that? You might as well just suffer in the office.
More Care and Feeding
Can I Even Parent Without Facebook?
My Kids Have Heinous Taste in Fashion
Do Not Pierce My 5-Month-Old's Ears!
Dear Care and Feeding,
Last year a good friend of my boyfriend passed away after a long struggle with cancer. He leaves behind a wife and two kids, ages 6 and 3. I've been friends with this couple for three years, and my boyfriend has for longer. We're pretty constant fixtures in the kids' lives.
The 6-year-old daughter is dealing with ongoing grief, which is understandable. A little while back, she hit her first Father's Day without him, and her class was making some kind of art project for dads. The teacher did not have a good plan in place for her. She was told to make one for her grandfather, but neither grandfather is in her life either. The experience left her very upset. So much so that day or two later when we stopped by for a visit she was up in her room crying about it. She eventually came down and played with us, and her dad came up naturally in conversation, and she seemed happy to talk about him. We try to let her lead these things, not impose talk of her dad on her when she may not be up for it, but also not making her feel like she can't talk about him if she wants/needs to. What are some ways of helping a kid deal with such an intimate grieving situation?
—Grief Is Hard
Dear GIF,
Yes. Grief is hard. It appears that you are committed to being an important, consistent part of these children's bereavement and that's great. I can only imagine how difficult this is for the remaining parent, to suddenly become a single mother to two elementary-age kids while also mourning the loss of her partner. She has a great deal on her emotional and logistical plate these days and would love to have other adults flat-out take on some portions of this outsize responsibility. If you are doing this, then really do it for the long term, because grief takes time.
It sounds to me as though your instincts are right. Let the child lead conversation around this issue. Let her talk about her father however she would like, whenever she would like. Your job is to be available and to make sure she knows that however her grieving manifests, it is the right way. Your job is to make sure she knows that she is loved and accepted and that there is nothing wrong with her. Your job is to give her your time, to whatever extent you are able, so that she can slowly explore and uncover the myriad and ever-changing feelings, thoughts, and behaviors of grief. She may be angry, she may be reticent, she may be sad, she may be weird.
She will likely be all these things at one moment or another. But the one thing I can guarantee is that she will be looking for signs that she is still loved, and still safe. You can help this by allowing her to share her feelings without rush, control, or judgement.
You can also help with some concrete tasks, like sharing specific memories of their father, making photo albums and memory boxes, or writing down stories about moments they shared. Avoid “elephant in the room” syndrome, in which you fear her father is so painful a subject that you never talk about him at all. So far what you've described of the daughter's behavior sounds like a perfectly normal response. But if you notice either of the children withdrawing socially, experiencing sudden sleeping and eating problems, or becoming aggressive towards others or toward themselves, then it is time to talk to the mother about including professional help.
Losing a parent is difficult. There is no getting over it. There never will be. The more you accept that, the better it is for everyone. But they are incredibly lucky to have their mother and you and your partner. Let them avail themselves of your love as much as they can.
Extra Care and Feeding
“To me, our son is a typical 4-year-old, and I try to empathize with what's going on in his unruly and undeveloped brain as he explores and makes sense of the world. I offer choices, give him power and agency when appropriate, look for teachable moments, and show flexibility when circumstances call for it. … My husband sees this as inconsistency, lack of respect, and letting our child run roughshod over us. He believes his word is law, and children should obey their parents in matters as small as what to eat for breakfast or what shoes to wear.”
Slate Plus members get more Care and Feeding from Carvell Wallace every week.
Dear Care and Feeding,
I have a question about how, or if, family members can intervene on a child's behalf when parents will not. My sister recently married a guy with a 4-year-old son from a previous relationship. During the two years we've gotten to know the little boy, “Landon,” he's become part of our family. We all love him terribly. The trouble is, he lives on the opposite coast from our family (including his dad and my sister) and doesn't have regular visits ​scheduled because his dad is not on the birth certificate. My brother-in-law and sister want to get partial custody of Landon, but my brother-in-law hasn't taken the steps to do it. They say it's because they can't afford a lawyer, and they don't want to pay Landon's mom child support because she will just use it on herself.
While there may be some truth in that, I am worried about Landon's well-being. Landon's mother is homeless and living on a friend's couch. She also recently lost her job. Additionally, he has arrived at his last two annual visits quite skinny and wants to eat constantly, which makes me worry he doesn't have enough food at home. He also starts acting out when it's time for him to return to his mom. I've also been told the guy Landon's mom was (is?) seeing is physically abusive to her.
Is there anything I or my parents can do here? I know the obvious answer is to encourage his dad to take action, but that has been fruitless. Calling social services in Landon's home state would likely result in putting him in an even worse situation, so I don't see that as an option. I don't know what to do, and I'm so worried about this little boy I love.
—Auntie in Distress
Dear AiD,
I wish I could tell you there was a lot you could do here, but there isn't. I will, however, point out some things that strike me as odd about your description of Landon's father. If my child were hungry, intermittently homeless, and possibly witnessing intimate partner violence, it's hard for me to imagine what would keep me from seeking custody literally right now, but I don't think it would be legal fees. I would be on the phone with every pro bono, legal aid, social services nonprofit possible to get the ball rolling; I'd be emailing anyone I've ever met who ever had a roommate who took half a semester of law school; I'd be setting up crowdfunding. Between this, living across country from his kid, and the line about not wanting to pay child support because she'll use it for herself (how do you not pay child support while your child is visibly starving?), this guy doesn't sound as earnest about caring for his child as you might wish he was.
So, on the one hand you have a mother who is not operating at a high level; on the other, a father who seems fairly content to wring his hands without actually putting them into action. I really don't think there's much that you, the sister of the father's new wife, can do from across the country…
Unless you petition to have Landon come stay with you. I don't know how far-fetched that is given your life and the wishes of his parents, but it sounds like the only serious option. If mom were amenable, it might be much, much better than what he's facing now. Were I in your shoes, I would look further into social services in his county, because they tend to want good placements for kids and will advocate and support a situation in which a child can have such a placement. They do not want more kids living in group homes or shelters. Sit with the idea of Landon staying with you for a while. And if it seems doable, run it by his father. Perhaps that will spur him into action. Or perhaps it will release him from the charade of pretending like he's actually going to do something about it. I don't know.
At the very least, stay in Landon's life however you can, through letters, calls, cards, emails, gifts, and visits whenever you are able. I have a feeling he needs as much of you as he can get.
—Carvell
(CNN) — Florida prosecutors will seek the death penalty against a grandmother accused of killing a woman, then impersonating her, court documents show, as she gambled her way across several states this spring after allegedly killing her husband.
Lois Ann Riess, 56, of Blooming Prairie, Minnesota, has pleaded not guilty to first-degree murder, according to a notice of intent to seek the death penalty filed Monday by the Lee County state attorney's office.
Prosecutors list several factors as grounds for the death penalty, including that the capital offense of first-degree murder with a firearm was carried out to avoid a “lawful arrest” and was “committed for pecuniary gain.”
“The capital felony was a homicide and was committed in a cold, calculated, and premeditated manner without any pretense of moral or legal justification,” according to the notice of intent.
Authorities began searching for Riess in her home state, where she is suspected of killing her husband in March in Dodge County before hitting the road.
In Florida, Riess is believed to have killed Pamela Hutchinson, 59, sometime between April 5 and April 9 in a condo in Fort Myers Beach, according to Deputy US Marshal John Kinsey and US Marshals Service news release.
“She bears a striking resemblance to the deceased, and has stolen the victim's driver license, credit cards and 2005 white Acura TL,” the Marshals Service said at the time.
Riess was arrested in South Padre Island, Texas, in April — four days after Hutchinson's car was seen about 50 miles from Corpus Christi.
She is being held without bond in Lee County, Florida.
Riess also was indicted by a Florida grand jury for grand theft of a motor vehicle, grand theft and criminal use of personal identification information of a deceased individual of $5,000 or more, CNN affiliate WINK reported, citing the state attorney's office.
Investigators said Riess withdrew around $5,000 from Hutchinson's bank account while in Florida, the affiliate said.
‘Losing Streak Lois'
Several bank transactions and Riess' interest in gambling, which earned her the nickname “Losing Streak Lois,” gave investigators clues as they hunted her across the country.
Before heading to Florida, Riess is believed to have cashed more than $10,000 in forged checks from her husband and her business. She also traveled to Northwood, Iowa, where she spent most of the day gambling at Diamond Jo Casino, the Dodge County, Minnesota, Sheriff's Office said.
Surveillance video shows Riess at a gas station next to the casino on March 23. She was buying a sandwich and asked for driving directions out of state.
Days after Hutchinson's death, Riess stopped at Coushatta Casino Resort in Kinder, Louisiana, WINK reported. She played using her name and won $1,500.
The-CNN-Wire™ & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
Round Lake Park home invasion suspect extradited from California
hello
A Wisconsin man who authorities say broke into his former girlfriend's Round Lake Park home last month and held her captive for two hours before fleeing to suburban Los Angeles is back in Lake County after waiving extradition from California.
A judge set bail at $1 million Monday for Tyler M. Jankovich 20, of Twin Lakes, on charges of home invasion, kidnapping, aggravated domestic battery, criminal trespass and unlawful restraint, stemming from the March 7 attack.
Round Lake Park police said Jankovich was captured March 28 by U.S. Marshals outside a home in Norwalk, California. He made his first appearance in a Lake County courtroom on the charges Monday.
The charges result from an investigation launched March 8 when police officers were flagged down by a man reporting a home invasion at his girlfriend's home.
The 20-year-old woman later told officers that at 3:30 p.m. March 7 Jankovich, her former boyfriend, forced his way into her home on the 400 block of Kenwood Drive, ordered her and their 4-month-old daughter into an upstairs bathroom, and prevented them from leaving or using a phone.
Police said Jankovich began destroying items in the home and assaulted his former girlfriend when she tried to escape, leaving her with facial injuries.
"She tried to get to a window and call for help, but he caught her and dragged her (back) by the hair," Round Lake Park Police Chief George Filenko said.
The woman later was able to negotiate her way out of the bathroom using methods she learned watching television, police said.
"She de-escalated the situation," Filenko said. "She did basically what you're taught to do in that situation, use a calm voice and try to bring things down slowly."
At 5:30 p.m., police said, Jankovich allowed the woman and their daughter to leave the bathroom under the condition she calls his cellphone and maintain an open connection with him for at least 30 minutes. She later recognized the sound of his vehicle leaving and texted her current boyfriend for help, police said.
Jankovich, who faces up to 30 years in prison if convicted of home invasion, is scheduled to return to court April 26.
WERS “Music-Lovers Getaway” CONTEST RULES (the “Contest”)
Official Contest Rules
October 19th, 2017
NO PURCHASE, PAYMENT, OR DONATION OF ANY KIND IS NECESSARY TO ENTER OR WIN THIS PROMOTION. A PURCHASE, PAYMENT OR DONATION WILL NOT INCREASE OR IMPROVE YOUR CHANCES OF WINNING.
1. ELIGIBILITY. The “WERS Music-Lovers Getaway” promotion (the “Promotion”) is only open to those who, as of the start date, are legal residents of the fifty (50) United States, including the District of Columbia, and who have reached the age of majority in their state of residence. The Promotion is void where prohibited or restricted by law. Employees, officers and directors of Sponsor and its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, divisions, advertising and promotion agencies involved in the administration of this Promotion, and the immediate families (defined as parents, spouses, children, siblings, grandparents and their respective spouses) or members of the same household (whether related or not) of each such employee, officer and director), are not eligible to enter.
2. TIMING. The “Contest Period” will begin at 6am Friday October 20th, 2017 and will continue until 7pm Thursday, October 19th, 2017. A maximum of one (1) entry per person and one (1) entry per household will be permitted in this contest. No Purchase Necessary-Odds of being selected depend upon the total number of eligible entries received. During the “Contest Period”, either Make a Pledge (donation), Make an online Pledge at WERS. ORG Or send your name address and phone number to Promotions@wers.org if you choose to enter without making a donation.
3. HOW TO ENTER: During the “Contest Period”, either Make a Pledge (donation), Make an online Pledge at WERS. ORG Or send your name address and phone number to Promotions@wers.org if you choose to enter without making a donation. All sustaining members are eligible to win. Multiple entries, mass entries, and entries generated by script, macro, or other automated means or by any means that subvert the entry process will be void.
Complete all requested information during the entry process in accordance with the instructions. You must complete all required information to be eligible to win. All entries must be received by Sponsor during the Entry Period. Any attempt by any participant to obtain additional entries beyond the limit by using multiple/different email addresses, identities, registrations, or any other methods will void that entrant's entries and that entrant may be disqualified. Use of any automated system to participate is prohibited and will result in disqualification. Sponsor is not responsible for lost, late, incomplete, invalid, void, unintelligible or misdirected entries, which will be disqualified.
In the event of a dispute as to an entrant's entry, the natural person who is the authorized account holder of the email address will be deemed to be the entrant, but only if that person is otherwise eligible to enter the Promotion. The “authorized account holder” is the natural person assigned to an email address by an Internet access provider, online service provider, Internet service provider, online service provider or other organization responsible for assigning email addresses for the domain associated with the submitted address. Each potential winner may be required to show proof of being the authorized account holder. If a dispute cannot be resolved to Sponsor's satisfaction, the winning entrant may be deemed ineligible. All entries become the exclusive property of Sponsor and none will be acknowledged or returned. Proof of submission will not be deemed proof of receipt of entry by Sponsor.
4. DRAWING; ODDS; NOTIFICATION. On or about 7pm October 19th, 2017, Sponsor or Sponsor's designee will randomly select potential winner(s) from among all eligible entries received. Odds of winning a prize depend on the number of eligible entries received. The entrant selected must comply with all terms and conditions of these Official Rules. The entrants selected must comply with all terms and conditions of these Official Rules, and winning are contingent upon fulfilling all requirements and requests of Sponsor during the verification process. The potential winners will be notified by phone. The potential winner may be required to execute and return to Sponsor a notarized Affidavit of Eligibility, a Liability Release, and, except where prohibited by law, a Publicity Release (an “Affidavit/Release”) in the form(s) provided by Sponsor in order to claim his/her prize. The Affidavit/Release must be returned to Sponsor by the date and/or time indicated. If the potential winner cannot be contacted within seven (7) days of the first attempt to contact him/her, or if the potential winner fails to return the Affidavit/Release within the specified time, or if any prize or prize notification is returned as undeliverable, or if the potential winner is found to be ineligible, or if the potential winner does not comply with the Official Rules or the requests of Sponsor, then the potential winner may be disqualified and an alternate winner selected by Sponsor in its sole discretion in his/her place, at random from among all eligible non-winning entries received by Sponsor for the Promotion.
5. PRIZE (S). One prize for two for a concert getaway. Details are can be found at: http://www.winspireme.com/experience/music-lovers-getaway. Winner receives two tickets to the concert they selected, plus a two night stay for two, and $500 toward airfare. Value is $2450. “AS IS” with no warranty, representation or guarantee, express or implied, in fact or in law, made by Sponsor or for which Sponsor shall be liable, including, without limitation, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. No substitution, assignment or transfer of a prize is permitted, except by Sponsor, who reserves the right to substitute a prize with another prize of greater or equal value, in the event of unavailability of the advertised prize. Winner is solely responsible for any and all costs, fees, taxes and expenses associated with prize award, receipt and use, including, without limitation, all federal, state and local taxes on the prize. For prizes valued over $600, prizewinner will be issued an IRS Form 1099 for the retail value of the prize. If potential winner does not wish to accept the prize, an alternate winner will be selected from the pool of eligible entrants. Sponsor will determine all details of the prize not set forth herein in its sole discretion. All entrants and entries are subject to verification prior to the awarding of a prize, as are the eligibility, age and other claims of/information provided by a potential prizewinner.
6. DATA. Information collected in this Promotion will be administered by Sponsor in accordance with its Privacy Policy, located at http://wers.org/wers-privacy-policy.
7. OFFICIAL RULES. These Official Rules are available at www.wers.org or by sending a self-addressed envelope to “Music-Lovers Getaway” – Rules Request.” c/o WERS, 120 Boylston Street, Boston, MA 02116.
8. WINNERS LIST. To request a list of winners, send a self-addressed postage-stamped envelope to “Music-Lovers Getaway” – “Winner List Request,” c/o WERS, 120 Boylston Street, Boston, MA 02116. Requests must be received by 1/19/2018
9. SPONSOR. The sponsor is WERS, 120 Boylston Street, Boston, MA 02116.
10. AGREEMENT TO OFFICIAL RULES AND DECISIONS. By participating, each entrant fully and unconditionally agrees to be bound by and accepts these Official Rules, and the decisions of Sponsor (including, without limitation, decisions regarding eligibility of entries, the selection of entrants and the winner, and the awarding of the prize), which are final and binding in all respects.
11. PUBLICITY. Except where prohibited by law, participation in the Promotion constitutes winner's consent to Sponsor's (and its designees', successors' and assigns') use of winner's name, biography, likeness, voice, photographs, video, opinions, statements, hometown, state and country for promotional purposes in any manner or media (including, without limitation, online), worldwide, in perpetuity, and without further payment, consideration, notice, review or consent.
12. GENERAL CONDITIONS. Sponsor reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate, modify or suspend the Promotion if, in Sponsor's opinion, there is any suspected or actual evidence of electronic or non-electronic tampering with any portion of the Promotion, or if viruses, bugs, unauthorized intervention, fraud, technical difficulties or failures or any other factor beyond Sponsor's reasonable control corrupt or affect the administration, security, fairness, integrity or proper conduct of the Promotion. In such event, Sponsor reserves the right (but does not have the obligation) in its sole discretion to award the prize at random from among eligible, non-suspect entries received up to the time of suspected impairment. Sponsor reserves the right in its sole discretion to disqualify any individual it finds to be tampering with the entry process or the operation of the Promotion or to be acting in violation of these Official Rules or in an unsportsmanlike or disruptive manner. Any attempt by any person to deliberately damage any website or undermine the legitimate operation of this Promotion is a violation of criminal and civil laws, and, should such an attempt be made, Sponsor reserves the right to seek damages and other remedies from any such person to the fullest extent permitted by law. Sponsor's failure to enforce any term of these Official Rules shall not constitute a waiver of that provision or any other provision of these Official Rules.
13. RELEASE. By entering, each entrant forever, fully and irrevocably releases and holds harmless Sponsor, Emerson College, and their parents, subsidiaries and affiliates, and their respective agents, advertising and promotion agencies, affiliates, Promotion partners and prize suppliers, and Facebook, and all of their respective employees, officers, directors, shareholders and agents from and against all claims, damages or liabilities arising in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, from entrant's participation and/or entry in the Promotion and/or entrant's award, receipt or use of any prize awarded in the Promotion.
14. LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY. Sponsor is not responsible for: (a) incorrect or inaccurate transcription of entry information or late, lost, stolen, unintelligible, illegible, damaged, mutilated, altered, incomplete or misdirected entries or entries received through impermissible or illegitimate channels, all of which will be disqualified; (b) technical failures of any kind, including but not limited to the malfunctioning of any telephone, computer online systems, computer equipment, website, server provider, network, hardware or software; (c) the unavailability or inaccessibility of any website or service; (d) unauthorized intervention in any part of the entry process or the Promotion; (e) printing, typographical, electronic or human errors, which may occur in the offer or administration of the Promotion or the processing of entries; or (f) any injury or damage to persons or property, including but not limited to entrant's computer, which may be caused, directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, from entrant's participation in the Promotion, or from viewing, playing or downloading any material from Sponsor's website(s), regardless of whether the material was prepared by Sponsor or a third party, and regardless of whether the material is connected to Sponsor's websites by a hypertext link.
15. DISPUTES. Entrant agrees that: (a) any and all disputes, claims and causes of action arising out of or connected with this Promotion, or any prizes awarded shall be resolved individually, without resort to any form of class action, and solely and exclusively in a federal or state court located in Boston, Massachusetts; entrant submits to sole and exclusive personal jurisdiction to said courts in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts for any such dispute and irrevocably waives any and all rights to object to such jurisdiction; (b) any and all claims, judgments, and awards shall be limited to actual out-of-pocket costs incurred, but in no event attorneys' fees; and (c) under no circumstances will entrant be permitted to obtain awards for and entrant hereby waives all rights to claim punitive, incidental, consequential, and any other damages, other than for actual out-of-pocket expenses, and any and all rights to have damages multiplied or otherwise increased. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. All issues and questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation and enforceability of these Official Rules, or the rights and obligations of entrant or Sponsor in connection with the Promotion shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law rules of provisions, which would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.
Today's darts World Championship final between Michael van Gerwen and Gary Anderson was interrupted by an Idiot On The Field who rushed the stage and stole the trophy.
Advertisement
The invasion forced van Gerwen to pause in the middle of his throws, though he recovered to win the world championship minutes later. Dart produces one of the wildest crowds of any sporting event—and larger ones, even, than many bowl games.
Most high school students aren't thinking beyond their next test or social activity, but 17-year-old racing star Kendra Adams plans to rip up the track during the 2017 season.
She'll get some help from American tech company Avaya Inc. as an associate sponsor, and SE Telecommunications, an Avaya Edge channel partner, which will be Adams' secondary sponsor for the fourth consecutive year.
SE Telecommunications will have their logo displayed on the rear quarter panel of Adams' car, as well as embroidered onto her fire suit.
“Having Avaya on board this year is amazing and I'm so excited to work with such a supportive company,” the Innisfil, Ont.-native tells ITBusiness.ca. “They seem to have a real interest in being involved with me and my racing, which is really nice to have.”
Corey Mindel, Avaya Canada's channel leader, calls Adams “an incredibly impressive individual and a great role model for young women everywhere,” in a Mar. 8 press release.
“Through our partnership with SE Telecommunications, we're proud to align with this promising young driver as she continues to demonstrate her vast potential,” he adds.
Adams explains that the international company offers not only financial support but also a platform to market herself and the causes she believes in on a global level.
“It's so great to have an internationally known company sponsoring me because it shows how a big player like them can believe in a local racer like me,” she continues. “Because they're worldwide, they offer an amazing marketing platform, which can help me get noticed and also help the many charities I work with, like the Kids Help Phone and Laps for Muscular Dystrophy.”
Adams started competitive racing when she was 13 years old and watched her career take off in 2015 when she was the only Canadian selected for NASCAR's Drive for Diversity Youth Combine, a competition and development initiative fostering young race drivers.
“People don't take me that seriously because of my age, and being a female in such a male-dominated sport means I'm usually the odd one out,” she says. “But I don't think of it that way though, I'm like anyone else out there. If you believe in yourself and work for yourself, people will believe in you.”
After a successful rookie campaign last year with several top-15 finishes at her hometown track, the Sunset International Speedway, Adams has moved up a class in 2016 and is now competing in the Super Stock division with a new car.
“This is my first year in my new car so there's definitely going to be a huge learning curve,” she says. “It's such a faster car but it's a step up and I'm racing with the best in Ontario, which hopefully is really going to improve my racing skills.”
Adams graduated from high school a semester early in February to focus on racing, and plans to attend college this autumn to study marketing. She is also set to appear on The Fast Lane, a new Rogers TV show scheduled to air this June.
FILE - In this Nov. 29, 2017 file photo, Seema Verma, administrator of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, speaks during a news conference in Newark, N.J. A federal judge has slowed the Trump administration's drive to wean poor people from government benefits by making them work. District Judge James E. Boasberg has framed a fundamental question: are poverty programs meant to show tough love, or to help the needy? Julio Cortez, File AP Photo
WASHINGTON: President Donald Trump and Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau repeatedly stressed their commitment to working together after their first face-to-face meeting Monday.
The neighbouring leaders, polar opposites in nearly every way, took up the thorny subjects of trade and immigration, with Trudeau eager to build a relationship with the new US president.
At a joint press conference after a series of meetings, the two emphasized their shared goals.
Trump pledged to work with Canada "in pursuit of our many shared interests."
Trudeau spoke of a special bond and the "deep abiding respect" between the two countries, though he also said that "relationships between neighbours are pretty complex."
While the two leaders stressed shared interests, their contrasting views were also on display.
Responding to questions from reporters, Trump defended his refugee and immigration orders, saying that "we cannot let the wrong people in."
Trudeau, on the other hand, said Canada continues to "pursue our policies of openness."
Trudeau later noted that there have been times when the two countries "have differed in our approaches." But he said "the last thing Canadians expect is for me to come down and lecture another country on how they chose to govern themselves."
Trump greeted Trudeau with a firm handshake as he arrived at the White House on a blustery morning. The two posed silently before reporters, until Trump suggested they shake hands for the cameras.
Trudeau did bring a personal gift — a photo of Trump with Trudeau's father, the late Canadian Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau.
Trump said he knew and respected Pierre Trudeau and would keep the photo in a "very special place."
Women in the workplace
At a roundtable discussion with female executives from the United States and Canada, Trump and Trudeau announced a task force focused on women in the workforce.
Trump said it was important to ensure the economy is a place where "women can work and thrive." Trudeau stressed that women have had to overcome barriers to succeed in business.
Trump's daughter Ivanka Trump was in attendance at the meeting and helped recruit participants and set the agenda. The high-profile meeting is evidence of her rising policy influence.
Trudeau, age 45, and Trump, age 70, have vastly different outlooks of the world.
Trudeau is a liberal who champions free trade and has welcomed 40,000 Syrian refugees. He calls himself a feminist and his Cabinet is 50 percent women. Trump has few women in his Cabinet. He has taken a protectionist stance on trade and wants to crack down on the inflow of migrants and refugees.
Trump's order to temporarily halt entry into the U.S. by people from seven predominantly Muslim nations, which is tied up in court, might come up during his bilateral meeting with Trudeau. But Trudeau is expected to focus on common economic interests.
Relations with the US are crucial as more than 75 percent of Canada's exports go to the US, while 18 percent of US exports go to Canada.
There are fears among Canadians that they could be hurt as Trump targets Mexico in a re-negotiation of the North American Free Trade Agreement.
Trudeau's close cooperation with Trump and the first daughter on women in business could ease some worries among Canadians that the US president will enact protectionist measures that could hurt the Canadian economy.
It could also alleviate some fears that Trump will be as combative with Trudeau as he has been with the leaders of Mexico and Australia.
A Canadian official said Trudeau's administration had suggested the task force, because the prime minister considers the issue of working women an important part of his agenda and economic growth plan.
"It's a smart thing if Canada proposed this," said Nelson Wiseman, a professor at the University of Toronto. "It takes attention off of NAFTA. And from Trump's point of view, it contributes to softening Trump's image, and he's got a problem with women."
Roland Paris, a former senior foreign policy to Trudeau, said the prime minister needs to build a relationship with Trump to ensure Canada is not shut out economically.
"The overriding priority will be for Canada to maintain secure and reliable access to the U.S. market and the supply chains that crisscross the border," Paris said.
Trudeau has been preparing for the Trump meeting for months. He will also meet with legislative leaders on Capitol Hill.
A Texas cop has a history of racism, and it took murdering and beating Black men for investigators to finally indict him.
In 2011, Jon Preston Romer Jr. stopped 32-year-old Charal Thomas as he was driving. Romer claimed Thomas rolled up his car window and trapped the cop's arm, making him fear “for his life.” With Thomas' three young children in the back seat, Romer shot and killed Thomas. Romer was never indicted.
Then-chief Jeff Halstead even defended Romer, saying, “It's easy to stand on the outside of police work and point a finger of either racism or something inappropriate. We have the hardest job in the nation.” See a video about the shooting below:
Fast-forward to five years later, Romer is accused of beating a 21-year-old Black man. DallasNews.com reports, “Romer encountered Henry Newson at Texas Health Harris Methodist Fort Worth on Nov. 5, 2016. According to the indictments, Romer — who was working an off-duty security job at the hospital — punched, choked and pushed Newson during the incident.” Newson, 21, was reportedly arrested on charges of criminal trespass and resisting arrest, but all charges were dropped.
However, DallasNews.com reported, “Romer later lied when he told investigators in 2017 that the use of force had been approved, the indictments say, and then he lied under oath last month when he said he told Newson he was under arrest before hitting him.” He was “indicted last week on charges of official oppression, making a false report to a peace officer and aggravated perjury. He was booked into the Tarrant County jail and released Thursday after posting bond.”
Jon Preston Romer Jr, a Fort Worth police officer indicted on charge of lying, covering up police brutality, during arrest. He also killed a disabled man in front of his kids. https://t.co/tRHNb61P4m — Deb Nystrom, dnrevel (@dnrevel) March 19, 2018
Here is the worst part. According to KXAS-TV (NBC5), he is still a police officer and on “restricted” duty. Even when a cop is indicted and proven to be guilty, there is no justice. Make America great again!
SEE ALSO:
Marielle Franco, Radical Black Female Politician, Executed In Brazil
Megachurch Pastor Says Believing Jesus Is The Only Way To Heaven Is ‘Insanity'
Bollywood actress Ayesha Takia who has been a part of films like 'Wanted', 'Dor' and others has been receiving threats from a litigant. Her mother-in-law and sister-in-law too are being harassed. Ayesha's husband Farhan Azmi posted a series of tweets on his official Twitter page to seek help from the Mumbai police.
He also accused a senior official, DCP Dahiya of not responding to his calls and also blocking Ayesha's account. He tweeted, "My wife @Ayeshatakia , mother & sisters are being harassed,threatened stalked by a litigant, @MumbaiPolice #dcpDahiya refusing to answer my calls or messages. #DahiyaIPS has illegally frozen our bank accounts Dear PM @narendramodi ji @SushmaSwaraj Pls intervene!! #betibachao".
He further tweeted a screenshoot of his conversations with DCP Dahiya. In his tweet he alleged that the DCP was disconnecting the call-
His next tweet read-
After the required action was taken, Farhan thanked the Mumbai Police and wrote, "Thank you @DevenBhartiIPS Ji #MumbaiPolice for stepping in. I trust the Mumbai Police. 3 rotten apples cannot spoil #theappletree @CPMumbaiPolice @MumbaiPolice
For those who ain't aware, Farhan was slammed with charges of cheating by his former business partner, Kashif Khan. Kashif lodged an FIR at Bandra police station. A source close to the family told timesnownews.com, that the accused got Ayesha's number and has been threatening her that she and her husband will be in jail very soon. They also informed that Farhan's mother and sister, who is seven months pregnant have also received similar threat calls and texts from the litigant.
1:20 This Lyft driver refused the keys to a super-drunk lady's apartment Lyft driver Tro'Juan Henderson isn't normally against driving drunk people home. In fact, it's part of the job. But when two women tried to give him the apartment key of their quite intoxicated friend, along with the responsibility of making sure she made it home, Henderson refused, fearing for her safety, as well as his accountability as a man. Instead, the 28-year-old Lyft driver contacted the hotel the woman was leaving and convinced the concierge to let her stay the night.
0:40 Crocodile puts death grip on elephant's trunk in brutal fight Visitors at the Liwonde National Park in Malawi, east Africa, were horrified when a young elephant was attacked by a crocodile, getting its trunk stuck in the beast's mouth. Luckily, one of the older elephants came storming in and helped free the panicked youngster.
0:47 This college football coach used to dance for MC Hammer The San Jose State football team got a surprise performance from one of their coaches, Alonzo Carter. When “U Can't Touch This” played on the speaker at practice, the running backs coach — and former MC Hammer backup dancer — sprang into action with the moves he perfected on tour with Hammer over 25 years ago.
0:49 Bad panda mom treats her cub like a pillow Qifu is a panda at the Chengdu Research Base of Giant Panda Breeding in China, and she isn't developing a great reputation as a mom. She's been caught falling on her cub and, even worse, using her cub as a back brace while she munches on some bamboo.
0:51 Heroic UPS guy puts out a fire with a garden hose UPS driver Paul Pereira came to the rescue when he extinguished a house fire along his route in Haverhill, Massachusetts. The deliveryman acted quickly, using a garden hose to put out the fire on Hamilton Avenue. The family inside the house, who were unaware of the danger, said he saved their lives.
0:52 Giant 8-month-old baby weighs 38 pounds A child in Punjab, India, weighs a staggering 38 pounds, which would be healthy for a 4-year-old. Unfortunately, Chahat Jumar is only 8 months old. The obese baby started gaining an abnormal amount of weight around 4 months, and her condition has left local doctors completely nonplussed.
1:14 This woman gives sexy snake massages Sarah Zaad, aka the "Snake Queen," is a holistic therapist in Brazil who employs pythons and boa constrictors to massage her clients. Zaad claims the snakes can help treat depression.
0:58 North Korea calls its luxury high-rises scarier than its nukes North Korea's supreme leader Kim Jong-un attended the grand opening of a luxury housing complex in the heart of Pyongyang, the nation's capital. Thousands watched as the head of state ceremoniously cut a ribbon, despite reports claiming that some of the “prestige” penthouse apartments still lack hot water. Leading up to the publicity event, 600,000 North Korean citizens reportedly were removed from the city.
1:26 Woman with Europe's biggest breasts is addicted to tanning shots Martina Big is a model from Germany who is no stranger to plastic surgery, but her new obsession is taking things to a new level. By getting tanning injections, she's changed her skin to a dark shade that it never could have gained naturally.
Did You Read Fake News During the Election? Twitter Will Tell You
Twitter plans to notify users who may have [seen] content tweeted during the 2016 U.S. presidential race by accounts connected to the Internet Research Agency, a St. Petersburg "troll farm" implicated in Russia's alleged election meddling.
"We will be working to identify and inform individually the users who may have been exposed to the IRA accounts during the election," Twitter's director of public policy, Carlos Monje, said in congressional testimony Wednesday on Capitol Hill.
"We will be rolling out our response shortly," Mr. Monje told members of the Senate Commerce, Science and Technology Committee.
Professional internet trolls employed by the IRA operated social media accounts on multiple platforms during the 2016 race as part of a state-sponsored interference campaign authorized by Russian President Vladimir Putin, U.S. intelligence officials previously concluded.
Twitter last year identified and suspended 2,752 accounts operated by the IRA, including @Ten_GOP, a purported Republican Party account whose tweets were shared by at least two members of President Trump's 2016 campaign: Kellyanne Conway, the president's campaign manager-turned-counselor, and Gen. Michael Flynn, his ousted former national security adviser.
Less than 10 months until the next general election, Mr. Monje was asked whether Twitter is prepared to protect against any further foreign election interference.
"Based on results, you're not where you need to be for us to be reassured you're securing our democracy," asked Sen. Brian Schatz, Hawaii Democrat. "How can we know that you're going to get this right -- and before the midterms?"
"We're continuing to improve our tools and we're going to get better," Mr. Monje responded.
Twitter's plan to notify users exposed to Russian trolls comes on the heels of Facebook releasing a tool last month that lets account holders see whether they followed any IRA-linked profiles. Facebook previously determined that IRA accounts posted roughly 80,000 posts published between 2015 and 2017, the likes of which were viewed by roughly 140 million users.
"After months of pushing Twitter to do the right thing, I'm encouraged the company will soon notify users who saw content from Kremlin-backed trolls," said Virginia Sen. Mark Warner, the ranking Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee, one of four congressional panels currently probing Russia's involvement in the 2016 race.
Russia has denied meddling in the 2016 presidential election.
© 2018 Washington Times under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: Courtesy of Twitter via flickr. Copyright Aaron Durand for Twitter, Inc.
LAS VEGAS (AP) — Authorities hunting for a motive behind the carnage at a Las Vegas concert are looking into the possibility that gunman Stephen Paddock planned additional attacks, including a car bombing.
In addition, law enforcement was investigating whether Paddock had scoped out other music festivals in Las Vegas and Chicago — and even Boston's Fenway Park.
Las Vegas police also announced Thursday that they had found a vehicle they had been searching for as part of the investigation into the massacre that left 58 people dead and nearly 500 injured Sunday at an outdoor country music festival.
More about the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history:
THE INVESTIGATION
A federal official told The Associated Press that authorities are examining whether Paddock planned more attacks , such as a car bombing. The official wasn't authorized to discuss the matter publicly and spoke on condition of anonymity.
Authorities previously disclosed Paddock had 1,600 rounds of ammunition in his car, along with fertilizer that can be used to make explosives, and 50 pounds of Tannerite, a substance used in explosive rifle targets.
Authorities also revealed that Paddock booked rooms overlooking the Lollapalooza festival in Chicago in August and the Life Is Beautiful show near the Vegas Strip in late September. Investigators also came across mention of Fenway, Boston police Lt. Detective Mike McCarthy said, though he provided no further details.
In addition, police announced they had located a Hyundai Tucson while executing a search warrant at the home in Reno, Nevada, that Paddock shared with his girlfriend, Marilou Danley. It wasn't immediately clear if the car was found on Thursday or earlier in the week when police searched the home and found several guns and ammunition.
NRA PROPOSES REGULATIONS
The National Rifle Association is joining the Trump administration and top congressional Republicans in a surprise endorsement of a narrow gun restriction in the wake of the Vegas concert shooting.
The NRA said devices called “bump stocks” that allow semi-automatic rifles to perform more like fully automatic weapons should be “subject to additional regulations.” The devices were found in Paddock's hotel room.
President Donald Trump said his administration is considering whether they should be banned.
The NRA, which famously opposes virtually any hint of new restrictions, dismissed calls from some Democrats for more gun control, however. The organization's leaders said, “Banning guns from law-abiding Americans based on the criminal act of a madman will do nothing to prevent future attacks.”
THE UNWITTING FIRST RESPONDERS
A group of firefighters driving back to their Vegas station after responding to a call for a minor car crash ended up being the first to respond to the shooting massacre.
Brian Emery recalled Thursday that gunfire rang out as hundreds of hysterical people swarmed the vehicle on the Las Vegas Strip.
It was pure coincidence that the Clark County Fire Department crew members on Engine 11 were the first on-duty emergency personnel to arrive at Sunday's shooting.
The surge of people forced Emery to stop driving, but he eventually inched the engine out and got it to a parking lot where the crew could start treating patients. The work continued until after sunrise.
58 WOODEN CROSSES
White crosses have been placed on the Las Vegas Strip for each victim of the concert shooting.
Retired carpenter Greg Zanis drove nearly 2,000 miles from the Chicago area to put up the 58 crosses Thursday afternoon.
The 66-year-old is known for installing the markers at the sites of other mass killings, including the Columbine and Sandy Hook school shootings and Orlando nightclub massacre.
He plans to keep the tribute up for 40 days before giving the crosses to the families of the victims.
REMEMBRANCES
Thousands gathered Thursday to mourn a police officer who was one of the 58 people.
A candlelight vigil was held Thursday in honor of shooting victim Denise Burditus on the football field of the Hedgesville, West Virginia, high school she graduated from in 1985.
Burditus, 50, had posted a photo on Facebook earlier Sunday of herself and her husband standing in front of the stage at the Vegas concert. Her husband later posted on his Facebook page that the mother of two died in his arms.
In other tributes, NFL fans held up their phones to shine flashlights during a moment of silence for the shooting victims before a game in Florida on Thursday between the Tampa Bay Buccaneers and the New England Patriots.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
By Adeola Badru
IBADAN—THE Minister of Communications, Mr. Adebayo Shittu has attributed inadequate capital allocation to the ministry's inability to contribute to national development, advocating more funds to the communications ministry and its agencies for the greater contribution to nation's economic growth.
Shittu said this in Ibadan at a two-day retreat on communication organised by his ministry, held at the International Conference Centre, University of Ibadan.
He lamented that the entire budget of the communications ministry in 2017 was just a little over N6 billion, adding that: “This allocation to the ministry is inadequate to really prosecute several initiatives that could turn around the ICT sector and country's economic growth.”
Shittu said: “Nigeria has operated and relied on a resource-based economy in the last 60 years. The sole dependence on oil has never helped the country grow as expected. We have seen several countries across the world without oil and which have surpassed Nigeria in all indices of development.”
Premium features include the agenda-setting Lex column, EM Squared, Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch, Newsmine blog, daily FT ePaper and exclusive weekly emails designed to enhance your FT experience.
What do you get in your Premium Subscription package?
Lex Column - The FT's daily guide to the corporate and financial stories that matter. Since the 1930's Lex has been providing concise, readable and timely commentary on companies, markets and the theory behind investing. From tech valuations to the pros and cons of share buybacks, via the banking crisis and emerging markets, Our specialists in London, New York and Hong Kong give you the tools to make better investment decisions.
Editor's Choice - An exclusive weekly newsletter with insights from Lionel Barber, the Financial Times' lauded editor.
FT Newsmine Blog - A weekly email that abstracts essential macroeconomic data for you from the week's news stories.
Free lunch - Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch - A succinct daily take on global economics from columnist Martin Sandbu who selects and comments on the day's biggest topics.
TULSA, OK--(Marketwired - Apr 17, 2017) - Tulsa-based Greystone Logistics, Inc. ( OTCQB : GLGI) reported sales for the three months ended February 28, 2017 totaled $8,693,851 compared to $5,280,480 for the prior period for an increase of $3,413,371, or 65%. Sales for the nine months ended February 28, 2017 were $25,759,823 compared to $15,270,671 for the prior period for an increase of $10,489,152, or 69%. There continues to be a backlog of sales for a broad range of the company's products.
Greystone recorded net income attributable to common stockholders (after preferred dividends and income attributable to variable interest entities) for the three months ended February 28, 2017 of $773,667, or $0.03 per share, compared to a net loss attributable to common stockholders of $(200,528), or $(0.01) per share, for the prior period. For the nine months ended February 28, 2017, Greystone recorded net income attributable to common stockholders (after preferred dividends and income attributable to variable interest entities) of $697,337, or $0.02 per share, compared to a prior period net loss attributable to common stockholders of $(314,263), or $(0.01) per share. EBITDA was $2,476,394 for the quarter ended February 28, 2017 and $4,480,780 for the nine months ended February 28, 2017.
"I am pleased to report that the implementation of previous discussed operating efficiencies, cost containment strategies and extra production capacity produced significantly improved gross profit margins on record sales for Greystone's third quarter," stated CEO Warren Kruger. Kruger continued, "The increased production throughput helped lower fixed costs allocation per pallet produced thus driving increased margins on greater sales volume. The fourth quarter of our corporate year has historically been strong and with our backlog I look for that trend to hold. We will continue to invest in equipment and facilities to drive growth and shareholder value."
Greystone Logistics is a "Green" manufacturing and leasing company that reprocesses and sells recycled plastic and designs, manufactures, sells high quality 100% recycled plastic pallets that provide logistical solutions needed by a wide range of industries such as the food and beverage, automotive, chemical, pharmaceutical and consumer products. The Company's technology, including that used in its injection molding equipment, proprietary blend of recycled plastic resins and patented pallet designs, allows production of high quality pallets quickly and at lower costs than many processes. The recycled plastic for its pallets helps control material costs while reducing environmental waste and provides cost advantages over users of virgin resin.
This press release includes certain statements that may be deemed "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the federal securities laws. All statements, other than statements of historical facts that address activities, events or developments that the Company expects, believes or anticipates will or may occur in the future, including the potential sales of pallets or other possible business developments are forward-looking statements. Such statements are subject to a number of assumptions, risks and uncertainties, including the ability of the Company to continue as a going concern. Actual results may vary materially from the forward-looking statements. For a list of certain material risks relating to the Company and its products, see Greystone Logistics' Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2016.
Non-GAAP Financial Measure
This press release contains disclosure of EBITDA, which is a non-GAAP financial measure within the meaning of Regulation G promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission. A reconciliation of net income to EBITDA, the most comparable GAAP financial measure, as well as additional information concerning EBITDA, are included at the end of this release.
Greystone Logistics, Inc. Reconciliation of Consolidated Net Income to EBITDA For the Three Months and Nine Months Ended February 28, 2017 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended February 28, 2017 February 28, 2017 Net Income $ 920,883 $ 1,133,317 Income Taxes 502,150 556,700 Depreciation and Amortization 763,274 1,957,876 Interest Expense 290,087 832,887 EBITDA (A) $ 2,476,394 $ 4,480,780
TAMPA, Fla. (AP) — Jameis Winston threw for 202 yards and one touchdown Sunday, and the Tampa Bay Buccaneers broke up Cam Newton's two-point conversion throw in the closing seconds to hold off the Carolina Panthers for a 17-16 victory Sunday and their first winning season in six years.
Winston threw a 10-yard pass to Mike Evans to snap a fourth-quarter tie and became the first player in NFL history to start his career with consecutive 4,000-yard seasons.
But the Bucs (9-7), still in contention for a wild-card playoff berth, left Raymond James Stadium still needing lots of help to secure their first postseason berth since 2007.
Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Surfers and swimmers at Cape St Francis are advised to stay out of the sea today due to heightened shark activity in the area.
The sharks are being attracted by a dead whale in the bay at Cape St Francis.
Two big Great Whites have already been spotted eating the carcass and, with bits of the whale breaking off, more sharks are expected.
The municipality, in conjunction with the Cape St Francis Civic Association, have arranged for the whale to be towed out to a main current out at sea so as to prevent the carcass from washing up along the South African coastline.
The specie of whale is unknown at this stage.
University of Oregon students write notes to veterans outside the EMU Fishbowl on Nov. 9, 2017. (Sarah Northrop/Emerald)
$54,000 state grant given to UO Student Veteran Center to expand resources
Trent Goodman joined the Marines in 2010. He came to the University of Oregon in 2014 because of the outdoor activities that the state of Oregon offers.
Soon after being admitted, Goodman experienced the struggle that many incomings, non-traditional students face; however, he found a home in the Student Veterans Center and went on to be the team leader of the PAVE (Peer Advisors for Veteran Education) program.
The Student Veterans Center received a state grant of $54,000 from the Oregon Department of Veteran Affairs last January to expand its resources for student veterans like Goodman.
In the Student Veterans Center, located on the outside of the EMU, there are several resources available to student veterans; these include free coffee, a small library and a space to interact with other student veterans.
There are approximately 400 student veterans on the University of Oregon campus, according to Samantha Roberts, Veterans Program Coordinator.
The grant doubles the UO Student Veterans Center's annual budget, which is funded by the Dean of Students and the ASUO. This grant will allow the center to hire a part-time employee, sustain an existing peer mentorship program, expand the center's digital resources and increase orientation programs.
“It's a huge boost to what we can provide,” Roberts said.
This grant was part of Senate Bill 143 within the State of Oregon that had colleges and universities in the state of Oregon apply for a piece of the main grant of $1 million, according to Roberts.
Lane Community College also received a grant. Roberts said she anticipates the two schools working together with the grant to aid students transferring from Lane to UO.
“We're almost combining our resources to reach students on both campuses and make that transition a bit smoother,” Roberts said.
Roberts said she hopes the university expands its resources to student veterans.
“We need more support, especially for what these students are bringing to our campus. These are people who are going to go off and do incredible things. They are going to become even better leaders. They are going to be running for office,” Roberts said.
One of the programs the Student Veterans Center runs is PAVE. This program assigns a peer to an incoming student veteran — matched by major — to help ease the transition into college life.
The grant is slated to absorb some of the program costs associated with PAVE and expand it to winter and spring term, alongside further orientation programming for incoming students.
One of the issues the Student Veterans Center is working to address is veteran homelessness. Goodman said after coming to Oregon, housing was one of the biggest challenges he faced.
“Housing is really tough, especially for veterans. Most of them come in as transfer students. so most of them are not going to want to do any dorm living,” Goodman said.
Goodman said he hopes the Student Veterans Center can expand its resources to reach more students on campus through making the center more visible to students.
“Increasing visibility helps bring more resources to the students,” Goodman said.
Donating to the Daily Emerald We need you to support our mission. Please donate to independent non-profit student journalism.
Donate
Comments
Tell us what you think:
FORT LAUDERDALE, FLA. (WSVN) - Two of Broward County's top high school football teams will face off in Fort Lauderdale.
The St. Thomas Aquinas Raiders will take on the Deerfield Bucks at the Brian Piccolo Stadium, Friday night, at 8 p.m.
Although St. Thomas owns a 15-12 all time edge, Deerfield Beach remains the only Broward County school with 10 or more wins against the Raiders.
Both teams step to the field with 3-1 records. However, St. Thomas is coming off its first loss since 1996.
“Very tremendous program. There's nothing you can take away from Deerfield, especially now,” said St. Thomas Aquinas Head Coach Roger Harriott. “They're a formidable team. They have a great tradition over there. Their administrator's doing a phenomenal job making sure that the student body is intact and ready to learn.”
The Miami Dolphins are also at the stadium, and will be the first NFL team to broadcast a high school football game live on Facebook.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
With the epic failures of Android lines such as the Galaxy, it seemed like the path was clear for the iPhone to re-establish its dominance over the smartphone industry. But when Google announced it was releasing its Pixel smartphone, consumers deci...
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Hundreds of people in Reading are working for one of the country's best employers.
Snack and drinks manufacturer PepsiCo, which has set up its UK headquarters in Green Park, was recognised as one of Britain's Top Employers for the sixth year running.
The sought-after certificate was awarded by an independent organisation known as the Top Employers Institute, which assess working conditions at firms around the world.
Two years ago the multi-national food corporation agreed to move its UK headquarters from Theale to Green Park.
Looking for a new job in Reading? There are currently more than 300 opportunities available at Fish4Jobs.
Miriam Ort, head of human relations at PepsiCo UK, said: "At PepsiCo, we are deeply committed to investing in the development of all our colleagues, from the factory floor right through to senior management.
"This is a top priority as we know that our success as a business is tied to the quality of our talent.
"We are delighted to be recognised again this year and we want to thank each of our 5,000 dedicated colleagues who are so integral to both delivering our results and making this a great place to work.”
Other firms recognised as some of the UK's best employers include Bentley Motors, British American Tobacco, ASDA and DFS.
1:17
White House: Updates to immigration ban to allow permanent residents into U.S. without waiver
4:30
He has a new face, one that had belonged to another man
7:23
$11.77
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Slideshow
In pictures: Executive Connections Sydney tackles customer-led transformation
28 Photos CMO staff (CMO)
More than 130 marketing and technology leaders joined ​CMO and CIO magazines and ADMA for the 2018 Executive Connections breakfast event in Sydney to discuss the shift from digital to customer-led transformation. here are pictorial highlights from the session.
Harley Langberg is a food artist. He uses ingredients spanning “the food pyramid and the globe” to create one-of-a-kind works of art that reference art, music, television, and pop culture in jaw-dropping fashion.
He has created portraits using cookies, cabbage, and even spilt coffee that replicate some of our favorite actors and musicians, as well mimicking some famous paintings as well!
Check out some of our favorites pieces of his work below, and you can look at a lot more of his creations at his website HERE!
Happy birthday Jimi Hendrix! Here's my portrait of the music legend using the leftover cranberry sauce from my Thanksgiving feast. 🎵🎤🎸#jimihendrix #foodart #cranberrysauce A photo posted by Harley's Food Art™ (@harleysfood_art) on Nov 27, 2016 at 8:36am PST
A throwback to my Gene Wilder/Willy Wonka @hersheycompany piece. RIP to a legend 🙏🍫 #genewilder #willywonka #foodart #chocolate A photo posted by Harley's Food Art™ (@harleysfood_art) on Aug 31, 2016 at 4:46am PDT
Thinking about the legend on this day. RIP MJ 💔 #michaeljackson #7years #foodart #spanishsmokedpaprika A photo posted by Harley's Food Art™ (@harleysfood_art) on Jun 25, 2016 at 1:13pm PDT
Today we lost a legend. RIP Prince 😢 ☔️#prince #purplerain #foodart #purplecabbage A photo posted by Harley's Food Art™ (@harleysfood_art) on Apr 21, 2016 at 3:05pm PDT
Harley's Instagram can be found HERE!
Via Us Weekly
WrestleMania gave us the perfect Undertaker goodbye Goodbyes are never easy, neither to say nor to watch. But we said farewell to The Undertaker, one of the greatest pro wrestlers ever, in a beautifully scripted way. He...
WWE legend Goldberg: Doing this at 50 is 'miserable' Bill Goldberg still may be taking down opponents in the ring, but he's quickly breaking down outside of it. The WWE star, who made a shocking comeback to the company in October...
WWE star Goldberg reveals why he's so fit at 50: This insane diet Professional wrestling legend Goldberg may be 50 years old, but he's still in phenomenal shape, and he explained how he's been able to maintain his intimidating physique after all these...
Who was the shooter at D.C. congressional baseball practice?
hello
Rep. Joe Barton, R-Texas, center, and other members of the Republican Congressional softball team stand behind police tape of the scene of a multiple shooting in Alexandria, Va., Wednesday. Associated Press
Rep. Roger Williams, R-Texas, is placed into an ambulance at the scene of a shooting at a baseball field in Alexandria, Va., Wednesday. Associated Press
James Hodgkinson of Belleville protests outside the United States post office in downtown Belleville in this file photo. Hodgkinson was part of the "99%" group drawing attention to the disproportionate amount of money and political power the top 1 percent of Americans have acquired. He has been identified as the gunman who attacked congressmen Wednesday. Derik Holtmann/Bellville News Democrat
One of the biggest questions coming out of the shooting in Virginia has been: Who was James T. Hodgkinson?
The 66-year-old was named Wednesday by law enforcement as the shooter at the Congressional baseball practice. President Donald Trump confirmed in a statement midmorning that he died shortly after he was taken into custody.
But up until Wednesday morning, the shooter seemed to have led a fairly normal life.
The gunman was born in 1951 to Deloris and James J. Hodgkinson. He was one of three children and grew up in Belleville, graduating from Belleville West High School in 1968.
He joined the high school wrestling and track teams as a freshman in 1965, according to the school yearbook. In his sophomore and junior years, yearbooks list him as a member of the varsity wrestling team at Belleville West. No activities or clubs were listed in his senior yearbook.
While some of his family moved away, the gunman settled in Belleville with his wife, Sue.
Beginning in 1969, he studied aviation at Belleville Area College, which later became Southwestern Illinois College. Then in the fall of 1971, he transferred to Southern Illinois University-Edwardsville, then only six years open in its current location. He took two classes in one term, according to SIUE spokesman Doug McIlhagga, but did not complete a degree.
Five years later he opened JTH Construction, which he operated for nearly 20 years, according to his Facebook page. In 1994, JTH Construction became JTH Inspections, a home inspection and air quality testing service that he listed as closed in 2016.
Law enforcement officials have not said what they believe his motive may have been. The shooter's social media posts were marked by politics; he took part in a protest against income inequality at the Belleville post office in 2012 and often wrote letters to the Belleville News-Democrat to protest conservative policies. He was a strong Bernie Sanders supporter and apparently volunteered for Sanders' 2016 presidential campaign, and he had repeatedly taken a Democratic ballot in recent elections.
In March, the gunman was warned to stop firing at trees on his property after neighbor complaints. He had a valid Illinois Firearms Owner's Identification card at the time. In 2006, his shotgun was confiscated after a domestic fight between him, his daughter and two of his daughter's friends. The charges were later dismissed. He has had other minor charges, including a DUI and resisting arrest charge that was dismissed in 1993.
According to news reports, Sue Hodgkinson has told reporters that her husband had been living in Alexandria, Virginia, for the past few months. There was no record of divorce filings in St. Clair County, however.
The gunman's brother, Michael Hodgkinson, told The New York Times that James was unhappy about the election of Trump and had gone to Washington to protest. However, he also said that while James was "engaged in politics," he otherwise led a normal life and had told his wife he would be returning home soon because he missed her and their dogs.
Social media accounts for both the gunman and his wife were deluged with abusive comments after law enforcement named him as the shooter. Facebook has taken down his accounts.
By BOLUWAJI OBAHOPO
LOKOJA – A traditional ruler, Musa Edibo (Onu Okenwu of Agbenema community) his wife and eight other persons were Monday killed while several houses burnt down by herdsmen in a renewal attacks on Agbenema, Aj'Ichekpa, Opada and Iyade villages, in Omala Local Government Area of Kogi state.
The attackers who were said to be armed with sophisticated weapons hid in the bushes around these villages from were they launched deadly attacks on their targets.
According to the natives, the herdsmen mode of operation is to set the houses ablaze and opened fire on the fleeing inhabitants, slit their throats, machete and cut off vital parts of their victims.
Vanguard gathered from a source that the traditional ruler, his wife and another person were killed in Agbenema community while the other casualties were recorded in the other three communities.
Vanguard also gathered that the council's administrator, Ibrahim Aboh escaped the attackers guns by the whiskers.
The source also said the security personnel drafted to curtail the herdsmen killings allegedly refused to assist the locals to repel the herdsmen.
“It is clear that the aim of the herdsmen is to kill us and take over our ancestral homes. They have razed down Ojuwo Ajomayeigbi, Iyade, Agbenema and Opada villages so that they could use our land for their cattle colonies.
“We want the world to come to our assistance before these fulanis exterminate and inherit our land. We have lost confidence in the security agencies posted to us, from their actions, we believed they have been instructed to adopt ‘siddon look' while we are being massacred.
“Right now, coordinated war is raging simultaneously in most villages in Omala, Dekina, and Bassa LGAs . Our people are being killed and houses burnt down, even as our women are being raped while many children who ran from the theatre of war were still missing.
“Since the attacks begun, we cannot go to the farms even markets have closed. Hunger has come to stay on our soil. If drastic measures are not done to quell this mad killings by these herdsmen, food insecurity will take over our land,” he lamented.
It will be recalled that between last week Tuesday and Thursday, the Fulani herdsmen attacked five communities in Igala part of of the state killing not less than 50 persons.
Neil deGrasse Tyson drops truth bombs on Flat Earthers Believing that the Earth is flat was an excusable error back in the days before high-powered telescopes and space travel, but today? Please. In order to actually believe that the...
Astronomers get glimpse of dawn of universe 13.6 billion years ago WASHINGTON — After the Big Bang, it was cold and black. And then there was light. Now, for the first time, astronomers have glimpsed that dawn of the universe 13.6...
Amateur astronomer witnesses 1-in-10-million event Victor Buso is a locksmith. He spends his days fiddling with locks and keys, and in his spare time he stares into the heavens in the observatory he built on...
Asteroid flying by Earth will be closer than the moon CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. — Another asteroid is headed our way — the second this week — but there's no need to worry. The newly discovered space rock will pass within...
Amateur astronomer stumbles upon long-lost NASA satellite NASA has had a pretty great string of luck when it comes to spacecraft reliability as of late. The Cassini probe around Saturn proved to be so reliable that its...
Asteroid was only spotted seven hours before flying past Earth Space rocks flying without a real purpose through space could one day wreak havoc on Earth. But that's hardly something you need to be worried about. Some of these asteroids...
NASA video gives you a tour through a star nursery One of the real pleasures of modern living is the ability to take sightseeing trips to completely inaccessible places. Thanks to Google, you can climb up Mt. Everest without donning...
These bizarre holes could reveal hidden tunnels on the moon is our closest neighbor and we've learned a lot about it over the past century or so. We've studied it, mapped it and even visited it on more...
'Super blue blood moon eclipse' coming for the first time in 150 years Mark the date, the blood moon or blue supermoon is coming in a rare lunar event that happens only every 150 years. Three separate celestial events — a supermoon, a...
Ross Greenhalgh is retiring after working 43 years at Queensland Alumina Limited in Gladstone.
Ross Greenhalgh is retiring after working 43 years at Queensland Alumina Limited in Gladstone. Matt Taylor GLA040718ROSS
WHEN Ross Greenhalgh started his first job, at Queensland Alumina Limited, he was paid $7500 a year, offered a home to rent for $10-15 per week and wore an aluminium hard hat.
As a keen 22-year-old University of Queensland graduate, he was prepared to move to Gladstone to work at the then seven-year-old refinery.
This was even though he thought Gladstone was a quiet, sleepy town compared to where he grew up, Rockhampton.
Now, 43 years later, the father of five handed in his first resignation letter in his working life, as he prepares to retire.
Friday will be the last day Mr Greenhalgh will drive his trusty bauxite-stained Tarago van into the refinery carpark and don the yellow and green hi-vis.
Mr Greenhalgh has had a number of roles, from process engineer to technical services manager and health, safety and environment manager.
He was also part of the working group to facilitate the red mud dam.
Queensland Alumina Limited's longest serving employee, with 43 years at the refinery, Ross Greenhalgh is retiring.
"The technical work has been challenging but there's a thousand odd people who work here and meeting those people has been great," Mr Greenhalgh said.
"In the early days it was great to gain experience from the older engineers and now it's been nice to teach the younger engineers coming through."
Mr Greenhalgh said the refinery surprisingly had not changed too much.
Ross Greenhalgh is retiring after working 43 years at Queensland Alumina Limited in Gladstone. Matt Taylor GLA040718ROSS
"It's the same bayer process it has always been, despite the billions of dollars spent on investigations into new technologies, no one has found a better way to do it," he said.
With three grandchildren, Mr Greenhalgh and his wife Narelle are looking forward to spending more time with family during their retirement.
He will leave a lasting legacy at the site, training many apprentices and new engineers.
PAYSON, Utah (CNN) — A family is suing the Boy Scouts of America, claiming the organization discriminated against their 15-year-old son who has low functioning Down Syndrome and autism.
Logan Blythe has spent years completing as many tasks as possible to earn the rank of Eagle Scout.
His sash is filled with more than 20 merit badges he's earned.
In November, the Utah National Parks Council approved Logan's Eagle Scout rank.
“When we actually got the approval, he was so elated and the three people that approved it actually took pictures of it because he was so happy and overjoyed,” said Chad Blythe, Logan's father.
He tells FOX 13, just a day later, it was taken away.
“We contacted national, and national said, no,” Chad Blythe said.
Logan's low functioning Down syndrome prevents him from doing some of the tasks the Boy Scouts require earning the Eagle Scout rank.
His father described how Logan's disability impacts his efforts to earn the swimming badge.
“I need to be able to ask, ‘Logan, dive to the bottom of the pool buddy, can you grab that?' He won't do it. Why? Because his mental state is the equivalent of a 4-year-old,” Chad Blythe said.
Logan had planned to create kits for special-needs babies for his Eagle project when the family learned the national organization voided every merit badge he obtained.
Blythe believes the Boy Scouts should make exceptions for children with disabilities.
“There are plenty of instances where there are kids out there that just can't do certain things, that doesn't mean they get excluded from it.”
FOX 13 reached out to the Boy Scouts of America for a comment.
They replied with a statement saying, in part, “We worked with the committee and the Blythe family to offer Logan a path to earning alternative merit badges based on his abilities, as well as the option to work toward his Eagle rank past the age of 18.”
But the Blythes say that doesn't go far enough, and because of his limitations, Logan can't do what's required to earn the alternative badges.
Logan, who once loved the work he did with the Scouts, hasn't been to a meeting since learning he isn't getting honored with the Eagle rank.
“He won't put on his scout uniform now. He doesn't want to go near it,” Chad Blythe said.
The lawsuit seeks damages of at least one dollar. The Blythe's say this isn't about money. They want their son to feel included and have the same opportunities as everyone else.
They fear, even if this leads to a positive resolution, Logan won't go back to the Scouts because this incident has been so traumatic.
The complete statement from the Boy Scouts of America:
“We continue to work closely with our Disabilities Awareness Committee, which is tasked with making sure Scouts with disabilities can actively participate in Scouting activities.
We worked with the committee and the Blythe family to offer Logan a path to earning alternative merit badges based on his abilities, as well as the option to work toward his Eagle rank past the age of 18 by completing the ‘Request for Registration Beyond the Age of Eligibility'. This specific request is focused on supporting Scouts with permanent and severe disabilities so as to allow them to continue working toward an Eagle rank indefinitely.
The-CNN-Wire™ & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
Half the excitement of the royal birth yesterday was finding out whether Prince William and Kate Middleton had had another little boy, or another baby girl. The bets were swinging towards another daughter, but as it happened, the Duke and Duchess had a boy.
Getty Images
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
It has been widely reported that the royal couple followed royal tradition and chose not to find out the gender of their third child, just like they did with their previous two children, Prince George and Princess Charlotte. According to a source speaking to E! News (so, yeah, pretty vague) ahead of the birth, "William and Kate don't know the sex of the baby, so they're rather looking forward to finding out. It's very difficult to be totally prepared when you don't know if it's going to be a boy or a girl."
But how much of a surprise really was it? You might remember that earlier this month, while celebrating his football team Aston Villa's big win against rivals Cardiff City, Prince William told fans he wanted to name his newborn after footballer Jack Grealish, who had scored a late goal for the team.
"I'm going to insist the baby is called Jack," he said, before quickly adding: "Or Jackie." Way to cover your tracks, eh, William.
The Duke and Duchess didn't Getty Images
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
And it wouldn't be that shocking if the Duke and Duchess had opted to find out the sex of their baby prior to its birth. According to The Sun, Princess Diana knew she was having boys throughout both pregnancies. We all know Prince William has followed in his mother's footsteps when it comes to other aspects of the royal birth, so why not with this, too?
Plus, knowing the gender would have given William and Kate more time to come up with a name - and with all the bets that are being placed and guesses that are being had - there's a fair amount of pressure to come up with a good one.
The truth of the matter is, however, that we'll never know whether the new parents were aware of their third child's gender. But then they do deserve some privacy when it comes to the pregnancy and birth, so perhaps it's better that way.
Follow Cat on Instagram.
Supermarket chain to issue Belarus's first corporate eurobond
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Digital Trial subscription for $1.00 for 4 weeks
You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
Other Subscription options:
FLORHAM PARK, N.J. (AP) — Connie Carberg was incredibly antsy, barely able to contain her excitement a few moments before picking up the phone and making one of the most important calls in New York Jets history.
The team was on the clock in the second round of the 1979 NFL draft, and she had just received confirmation of the choice from the front office. An ecstatic Carberg shouted “All right!” and then said the words she had been dreaming about for weeks.
“The New York Jets,” Carberg proudly recalled announcing, “select Mark Gastineau, East Central Oklahoma.”
Gastineau became one of the Jets' best and most popular players — and helped cement Carberg's place in NFL history as the league's first female scout.
“I just wanted to jump out of the chair,” said Carberg, who had discovered the little-known Gastineau while scouting players for the Senior Bowl a few months earlier. “It was so exciting and it was thrilling. Probably the biggest thrill of my life.”
Her journey from Jets team secretary to watching game films, traveling and scouting college players is the subject of a recently published book: “X's and O's Don't Mean I Love You.” How she helped deliver the sack-dancing Gastineau to the Jets is just one of the fascinating behind-the-scenes tales told by Carberg and author Elisabeth Meinecke.
“You know, it's a positive book,” Carberg said with a big smile. “I hope it's an inspiring book for young girls, and for Jets fans in general.”
Carberg served in a scouting role for the Jets from 1976-80, breaking a gender barrier in the NFL by opening a door that gradually is becoming less of a novelty.
“I want women to see that it's really possible and they can really do things without saying: `Hey, I'm a woman. I want it because I'm a woman,”‘ Carberg said before a recent Jets practice. “Just do it because you love it and you never know where it's going to take you.”
The sweet and spunky 66-year-old Carberg lives in Coconut Creek, Florida, with her husband, John, but makes a weeklong visit to Jets training camp every summer — decked out in green and white shirts, earrings and necklaces.
This year, she is particularly proud of her team, which added Collette Smith to Todd Bowles' staff as a coaching intern with the defensive backs through camp. New York also has three female scouting interns: Callie Brownson, Rachel Huhn and Marirose Roach.
Many other teams around the league are helping narrow the NFL's gender gap by hiring female coaching interns.
“It was a whole different world in the `70s,” said Carberg, who counts Woody Hayes, Weeb Ewbank, Walt Michaels, Lou Holtz and Al Ward as mentors. “Title IX was just started, or hadn't even started when I started working for the Jets. So, most people didn't even think about women in that way.”
Carberg helped change that perception with her breakthrough more than 40 years ago when she joined her father, Dr. Calvin Nicholas, who had been the team's chief internist since 1962, and uncle Dr. James Nicholas, the Jets' orthopedist. Her passion for football — honed after befriending Hayes while attending Ohio State — got her through the door in 1974, first doing clerical work.
The Jets were impressed by Carberg's passion for the game and keen eye for talent, and gave her the opportunity to select the team's final draft pick in 1975: Ohio State tight end Mark Bartoszek in the 17th round.
She recalled Ward, New York's general manager, and Mike Holovak, the director of player personnel, asking her one day early in 1976 if she wanted to do some scouting on a regular basis in addition to some of her usual duties.
Carberg, of course, jumped at the chance.
“It was just something that was part of me and something I felt I could do,” she said. “It wasn't made into this big kind of story at that time.”
There was, indeed, no fanfare — other than sports columnist Dick Young dubbing her “The Girl Scout,” a nickname that makes her laugh to this day.
“It has really opened up today,” Carberg said. “I think scouting is even better for women, and less questionable because you can judge. It's easy to judge. You can be male or female. You can be right or wrong, just like a male can.”
In 1986, Linda Bogdan, daughter of then-Bills owner Ralph Wilson, was hired by the team as a full-time scout. Women such as Amy Trask in Oakland, the Jets' Jacqueline Davidson, Cincinnati's Katie Blackburn, the Chargers' Jeanne Bonk and San Francisco's Hannah Gordon have all held high-ranking positions in football front offices in recent years.
Jen Welter became the NFL's first female position coach in 2015 as an intern for Arizona. Kathryn Smith was the first full-time female assistant coach as a special teams quality control coach for Buffalo last year. Katie Sowers has been a coaching intern this summer for San Francisco, and she announced on Facebook over the weekend that she accepted a full-time role for the regular season.
“It's so cool,” Carberg said. “It's been 40 years now, but all over the NFL, there are women on the football side this year, which is really a breakthrough.”
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
By Evelyn Usman
DESPITE despicable acts by some unpatriotic Nigerians, particularly youths, to dent the nation's image before the international community, some youths are still striving to change the narrative by flying the country's flag in a positive light.
One of them is 22-year-old Lilian Ogbuefi, who is being recognised in the US and other countries for her outstanding performance.
In this interview, she attributes her emergence into limelight to the opportunity she got as the ONE-DAY Governor of Lagos State, in 2012 and therefore calls on corporate organisations and governments to focus more on creating platforms that will assist youths to develop themselves.
Excerpts:
How did you get to where you are today?
The root of my success story can be traced to 2012 when I won the Spelling Bee competition organised by the Lagos State Government. First, I became a one day governor of Lagos State. It was like a dream, seeing myself addressing the house as a governor, even though it was a mock governor.
Thereafter, I was awarded scholarship to study in the United States of America. I graduated from Fisk University, Nashville, Tennessee. Presently, I am working, even though it is not a paid job. Through writing, I have been able to draw the attention of the world to my country, Nigeria.
What have you to show for your writing so far?
I was the Best Essay writer LASTMA\LASSTSAP 2009, I got District Five Education Recognition/Merit Award 2012, but the one that really gave me life was the Spelling Bee 2012. But in the USA, I won the Best Cameo Appearance – Crack players, Nashville in 2017.
I have produced a film titled: Framed which is making waves both locally and internationally. I also have another drama, Dr Mekam, which is set to revolutionalise the Nigerian society.
In my final year in college, December 2016, I wrote and produced a short film. The film has been accepted into two film festivals. The African Film Festival,Houston and the Short Film Festival, Lagos.
The film is based loosely on a true life story.
What motivated you to write?
While in school, I saw different cases of students being abused. Some of the cases were most times covered up by those in power because there is so much heated debate about what constitutes abuse in today's society.
It was increasingly difficult for some of the victims to speak up. They were made to believe that abuse was only limited to sexual intercourse and that physical molestation didn't count.
I wrote the film to shed light on the forms of sexual abuse that occur on college campuses and how they can affect the victims.
Being a broke student at that time, I had a budget of $100 which is ridiculously little but the film came out great.
Who is your role model ?
I don't really have someone I see as my idol, but I have two persons that I look up to. The first is the Chief Executive Officer, Ebony Life TV and Producer of Wedding Party, Mo Abudu. She is bridging the gap between western and African cultures. Another person is Lupita Nyongo, a small town girl whom I used to watch on Shuga pursues her dream in the big city.
I won't forget to mention my mother, Christiana Ogbuefi. In fact, she played a very significant role in my life. She discovered me at a very tender age and molded me. When I was in primary school, she would buy me novels, especially African novels. She did not discourage me from reading all through my holidays and watching some TV programme like KKB show. It was through KKB show that I saw an advert that needed a scriptwriter and dialled the number. Later, I was interviewed and featured in the show. Then, I was in Kankon, Badagry, Lagos but I was not shortlisted for the competition. I felt bad and complained to my mother. But one day, my principal was celebrating his birthday and I wrote a poem for her. She was impressed and started including me in competitions. Through one of the competitions, I won the Spelling Bee that brought me to limelight.
What is your advice to youths?
I will advise Nigerian youths to grab any opportunity given to them by organisations that are into scholarship schemes. For instance, there are several competitions that are scholarship-based in Lagos State. I came to limelight through Spelling Bee. Without it, I may not have been known and my talent would have been wasted. The Spelling Bee is put together by New Era Foundation and it is doing well especially for indigent students.
I am from Anambra State but the Lagos State Government gave me opportunity to participate. I owe the Lagos State Government, New Era Foundation and Chief Mrs Oluremi Tinubu a life-time gratitude for being instrumental to what I am today. Most youths are talented but they are confused because of lack of financial wherewithal to establish themselves.
Other state governments should emulate the Lagos State Government to assist youths. This is one major way through which the image of the nation will be redeemed. I was given 75 per cent scholarship to study abroad and I won't fail to appreciate the US Government that has been welcoming such gestures. Parents on the other hand, should encourage their children in whatever project or talents they have.
Madrid: It's about that time again. Sit back, relax and enjoy the best that European football has to offer.
The Champions League returns and once again the Spanish teams dominate the latter stages of the competition.
So superior have La Liga sides been in the recent past — four times in the last six seasons either Real Madrid or Barcelona have won the glittering prize — it's begged the question as to just how they're so consistent, and what it is they have over their Italian, German and English counterparts.
Say what you want about other aspects of La Liga's organisation, but the governing body try to help their member clubs in Europe as much as possible as a start point.
All of the (double header) domestic cup games are done and dusted before the resumption of the tournament and a two-week winter break — which the Premier League in particular has never benefited from — allows a mid-season recharging of batteries.
In Barcelona and Atletico Madrid's case, you have two teams that have an absolute understanding of how they should play. Barça's DNA has long been known but Atleti have been a class apart under Diego Simeone.
Both adopt a blanket refusal to alter their style to fit any threat from their opposition, and it's therefore easier to understand why they excel, as opposed to teams who change shape, formation and tactics in a bid to emerge victorious.
Sevilla are less cautious under Jorge Sampaoli than they were under Unai Emery, but the work-rate is the thread that binds the two variants. Kamikaze football it may be at times, but there isn't a harder working side in the last 16.
Real under Zinedine Zidane are still learning, yet they are the holders and with only two defeats in over a year, you'd have to say are favourites to become the first team in the modern era of the competition to retain the ‘cup with the big ears.'
What's also noticeable about the quartet is that, certainly in the latter stages of the competition, there is rarely, if ever, any rotation employed. The best XI plays every single time, no matter whether there's an El Clasico type fixture directly after or not.
The most obvious reason why Spanish teams go further however is the simplest of all; the best players are still playing in La Liga.
Serie A, the Premier League and the Bundesliga all have a sprinkling of star names, but none can compare with what Spain has to offer. The quality is, frankly, mesmerising.
Messi, Ronaldo, Suarez, Bale, Neymar, Benzema, Iniesta, Modric, Griezmann, Busquets, Godin, Ramos, Pique … the list is practically endless.
Worryingly for the rest of Europe, once those names are eventually moved on or retire from the game, there will be Academy products able and willing to take their place, and all schooled in the same way as their contemporaries.
Developing youth also happens to be high up on the list of priorities for most Spanish teams, with a ‘Galactico' or two thrown in for good measure.
When a gap needs plugging, the first thought isn't to throw millions of euros at it (à la Chelsea) in the hope a new signing works out. If the solution is within, that's the road often travelled. Messi, Iniesta and Xavi cost nothing. Zero. Nada.
It'll take a few more years yet to knock these teams from their perch and it wouldn't be a surprise if it was an all-Spanish final again in Wales come May.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
TAMPA, Fla - Crews are getting ready to start work on a major Tampa intersection known for back-ups. The construction is part of the Selmon Extension project.
The eastbound and westbound Gandy Boulevard turn lanes at Manhattan Avenue will be closed for nearly a week at night.
“Oh it will be horrible, it'll be horrible traffic is just going to back up,” Andrew Makoid said.
Many drivers along Gandy Boulevard are not looking forward to nearly a week of closures preventing turns at Manhattan Avenue. Andrew Makoid lives nearby and said traffic is already a nightmare.
“Right now you know it takes a long time at rush hour to get in and out of here,” Makoid said.
The work that starts Sunday is part of a project transportation officials said could cut down drive times significantly in the future. Crews will be installing a shaft that will eventually be used to build permanent piers for the Selmon Extension project.
Work will happen from 9 pm until 6 am, starting Sunday and expected to last through Friday.
“It's going to be a pain for a while but you know overall it will probably be better,” Makoid said.
Officials said the extension will be 30 feet in the air, allowing Gandy drivers to skip the lights at Westshore, Manhattan and Lois. But the project isn't expected to be done until Fall of 2020, with a lot of work to make that happen.
"I think it sucks that they're going to be closing the eastbound lanes so nobody's going to be able to turn onto Manhattan,” Sharon Rosevelt said.
The construction is a big concern for Rosevelt, who has lived in the neighborhood her entire life.
“I feel bad for the businesses along Gandy look, Outback just opened up, how's that going to affect their business? They're not going to have people going down here, they're not going to be able to do a U-ey, to come back,” Rosevelt said.
Officials said crews will keep noise and disruptions to a minimum.
KANSAS CITY, Mo. — Traffic is backed up after a crash caused a vehicle to flip over the concrete barrier on Interstate 35 Monday afternoon.
The crash happened around 3 p.m. on I-35 near Pennway Street. Witnesses saw a silver 4-door vehicle upside down in the roadway and a portion of the concrete center barrier dislodged.
The crash caused major traffic backups in both northbound and southbound lanes. I-35 southbound is closed past 20th Street. Northbound appears to be closed past W. Pennway Street.
Avoid the area if possible.
FOX 4 is working to find out if there were any injuries.
CENTRAL FALLS, R.I. (WPRI) — The warden of the detention center where an inmate escaped on Saturday says he did so by climbing a basketball hoop during recreation time, cutting his way through a fence covering the recreation area, climbing onto the facility's roof and then shimmying down the building.
Warden Daniel Martin said it took three and a half hours for correctional officers at the Wyatt Detention Center to discover James Walker Morales was missing, during a 10:30 pm inmate count at the facility. Video evidence shows Morales escaped at 7 p.m., according to Martin.
“He should've been detected missing before he was,” he said.
The prison is now on lockdown, and Martin said the staff would be evaluating security procedures, including detection systems and staffing. He said Morales apparently walked through several rows of “extremely sharp” razor ribbons on the roof before descending to the ground, and had some sort of tool he used to cut the fencing once he climbed on top of the basketball hoop.
Two correctional officers have since been placed on administrative leave, according to the warden's assistant.
Local, state and federal authorities continued their search Monday for Morales, 35, a former Army reservist who was being held on the alleged theft of 16 rifles and pistols from an Army Reserve armory in Worcester in 2015.
Massachusetts State Police believe that after escaping, Morales fled north into Attleboro, where a K-9 unit was able to follow a partial trail to an I-95 overpass near the state line. At the end of the trail, troopers found bloody prison clothing. The track ended abruptly and police think Morales might have gotten into a car there.
Police believe Morales stole a green Chevrolet Lumina from the parking lot of BK Mart on Washington Street in Attleboro on Saturday night. Troopers recovered the car in an undisclosed location the following night.
Officials say Morales stands 6 feet tall, weighs about 175 pounds, and has brown skin, black hair and an eagle tattoo on the left side of his neck. It's believed he was hurt by razor wire while climbing a fence during his escape.
Anyone with knowledge of Morales' whereabouts is urged to immediately call 911.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
This story is about
Dallas Cowboys defensive tackle Terrell McClain (97) celebrates a sacking of Cincinnati Bengals quarterback Andy Dalton (14) in the 3rd quarter during the NFL football between the Cincinnati Bengals and Dallas Cowboys at AT&T Stadium on Oct. 9, 2016 in Arlington, Texas. Cowboys win 28-14. (Ting Shen/The Dallas Morning News)
Free agency begins on March 9.
Fans often focus on players from other teams the Cowboys should or intend to pursue. That's the wrong way to look at it.
The club's emphasis is retaining its own players before they hit free agency.
There are currently 18 free agents on the team's roster. Here's the likely priority list.
No. 3: DT Terrell McClain
Type: Unrestricted
Uber Car in Self-Driving Mode Kills Woman in Arizona
An Uber car in self-driving mode has killed a woman in Tempe, Arizona. Details remain scarce and initial accounts vary as to whether the victim was walking or biking at the moment of impact. A human was behind the wheel but was not driving when the collision occurred, according to Uber.
This marks the first time a car in self-driving mode has killed someone outside the vehicle. But the detection of people walking or biking is a known weak point in the development of autonomous cars.
Arizona is one of the major testing grounds for self-driving cars, in part because the state has wide roads with relatively few pedestrians, which are easier for autonomous cars to navigate, though automotive companies are also testing the vehicles in more complex environments. Uber is suspending its autonomous vehicle testing in Tempe, Pittsburgh, Toronto, and San Francisco.
Now that someone has been killed by a self-driving car, questions that seemed like hypotheticals are all too real. Will Uber be held liable for this loss of life? Can these vehicles be safely tested in urban environments where people get around by walking and biking?
LOS ANGELES — The 26th annual Pan African Film Festival will be held Feb. 8-19 at the Cinemark Rave 15 Theatres in the Baldwin Hills Crenshaw Plaza.
“The Pan African Film and Art Festival has been recognized as one of the largest celebrations of black culture and black films,” said Ayuko Babu, executive director of the festival.
“For 26 years, we have presented diverse and inclusive programming that features the creative work of leading disruptors in film and entertainment. The 2018 PAFF experience aims to step outside the ‘business as usual' film festival norms and move the needle forward by amplifying the game-changing voices of influential, ethnic, millennial and LGBTQ storytellers.”
Babu said this year's lineup includes more than 170 films from more than 40 countries on five different continents and in 26 languages.
As an official Oscar-qualifying festival for shorts and live-action films, the Pan African Film Festival will hold special screenings for several works that are up for consideration for the 90th annual Academy Awards.
The film “Love Jacked” by director Alfons Adetuyi will open the festival at 7 p.m. Feb. 8.
It is described as a warm family comedy centered around Maya, a headstrong 28-year-old with artistic ambitions and her father Ed, who wants a dutiful daughter to run the family store.
Ed is shocked when Maya, asserting her independence, decides to travel to Africa for inspiration and returns with a fiancé.
It stars Amber Stevens-West, Shamier Anderson, Lyriq Bent, Keith David, Mike Epps, Marla Gibbs, Angela Gibbs, Demetrius Grosse and Nicole Lyn and cast members are expected to be present for the opening night red carpet, which begins at 6 p.m.
Established in 1992, the Pan African Film & Arts Festival has remained dedicated to showcasing a broad spectrum of black creative works, particularly, those that reinforce positive images and help to advance cultures, races and lifestyles. The festival also serves as a vehicle to initiate dialogue on the important issues of modern times and assists in the promotion of cultural understanding between peoples of African descent, Babu said.
Organizers say it is the largest black film festival and the largest Black History Month celebration in the U.S.
It attracts a diverse global audience hailing from the United States, Africa, the Caribbean, Europe, Canada, South America and the South Pacific, which translates into more than 90,000 art fest attendees, 40,000 film enthusiasts and 5,000 students annually.
TORONTO — An 18-year-old university student from China is dead and three others were sent to hospital after a house fire in east Toronto, authorities said Wednesday.
Fire officials said the blaze broke out early Wednesday morning at the home shared by the four University of Toronto students who attended the school's nearby Scarborough campus.
Deputy Fire Chief Jim Jessop said the body of the young woman who died in the blaze was found in a second-floor bedroom.
One of the other students who survived the fire jumped from a second-floor window to escape the flames, which left a gaping hole in the roof of the house, Jessop said.
Firefighters had to fight the blaze from the outside and were unable to enter the home for some time, Jessop said.
The University of Toronto called the death of the student from China a tragedy.
"The thoughts of the entire campus community are with the family of the student who was killed in the fire and with the three other students who were in the house," vice-president Bruce Kidd said in a statement.
He added that the university has reached out to the three students who escaped the fire to offer assistance.
Fire officials are investigating what may have caused the blaze.
By The Canadian Press
Chicago police officers investigate the scene of a double homicide on the steps of Friendship Baptist Church, located in the 200 block of South Laramie, on Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017, in Chicago's Austin community. Alyssa Pointer TNS
Arlington Heights Park District reveals plans for Olympic Park expansion
hello
This conceptual floor plan shows the layout of proposed second-floor upgrades to the Olympic Indoor Swim Center in Arlington Heights. The proposed $16 million expansion includes a new gymnasium, a walking track and a warm water pool. Courtesy of Arlington Heights Park District
This conceptual floor plan shows the layout of proposed first-floor upgrades to the Olympic Indoor Swim Center in Arlington Heights. The proposed $16 million expansion includes a new gymnasium, a walking track and a warm water pool. Courtesy of Arlington Heights Park District
A sketch shows one of three possible exterior concepts for an expansion project at the Olympic Indoor Swim Center in Arlington Heights. The proposed $16 million expansion includes a new gymnasium, a warm water pool and a fitness area. Courtesy of Arlington Heights Park District
The Arlington Heights Park District has revealed blueprints for its proposed $16 million expansion and renovation of the Olympic Indoor Swim Center.
Park district staff and board members reviewed as many as four-floor plan concepts developed by FGM Architects before settling on one -- sketches of which have been posted on the district's website and presented during three public open houses last week.
They're also considering three exterior concepts, which vary only in the amount of window glass versus bricks used. The park board could make a selection as early as their meeting Tuesday night.
The project calls for the addition of a gymnasium with indoor walking track, a warm water pool, a fitness area and multipurpose rooms. It marks the first major renovation at Olympic, 660 N. Ridge Ave., since a $5 million upgrade in 2004.
Of the proposed 32,000-square-foot addition, the largest part would be a 12,880-square-foot gym -- large enough to fit one full basketball court. A walking track would be installed on the second floor, overlooking the gym.
The court be available not only for basketball but also for volleyball and pickleball, which has seen its popularity grow, district officials say.
It would mirror the gymnasium addition built at Camelot Park in 2014, the district's last major capital project.
A 30-by-50-foot warm water pool for group exercise classes and parent-and-tot swim lessons, and a 4,714-square-foot fitness center and locker rooms would be constructed west of the current building, according to plans. Existing locker rooms would be converted to multipurpose rooms, and accessible stairs would be installed at the lap pool.
Brian Meyer, the district's director of recreation and facilities, said the park's soccer fields wouldn't be affected, but the gym addition, proposed for the north side of the building, would likely mean removal of an outdoor basketball court, tennis courts and skate park.
Meyer said the skate park could be relocated on or off site, while a new playground would be installed to replace the current one, built in 2009. The park district's Safety Town could remain at Olympic, though that's still up for discussion.
Should bids for the Olympic upgrades come in low, there's a potential to add another gym of the same size, as long as overall costs stay within the $16 million budget, Meyer said.
The district plans to pay for the expansion with $4 million from reserves and by borrowing up to $12 million. Officials plan to issue $8.5 million of debt certificates and $635,000 of limited park bonds on Dec. 20. The balance of costs may be undertaken through a separate debt issue in late 2018, Meyer said.
Officials say the project wouldn't result in a tax increase, since the district would issue new debt as old debt is paid off.
The project still requires review by the village's design and plan commissions and village board. The district plans to go out to bid in the spring, with construction set to begin in May and be complete by fall 2019.
The Canadian Press
BALFOUR, B.C. - Health officials are urging people in British Columbia's Interior to stay clear of a shoreline along Kootenay Lake after a ferry spilled about 400 litres of oil into the water.
The B.C. Ministry of Environment says the Kootenay Balfour Ferry was reported on Saturday to be leaking gear oil near the Balfour Terminal along the lake's western edge, northeast of Nelson.
Interior Health is cautioning people to avoid using a 400-metre stretch of shoreline next to the ferry terminal, saying the spill has affected the area and visitors should not go into the water.
The ministry says the spill resulted in a rainbow sheen extending about 400 metres from the spill site.
No oiled wildlife has been reported.
It says the oil was recovered on Saturday, but pea-sized globules continue to leak from under the vessel and are being captured by booms.
The health authority says the spill does not appear to have affected drinking water intakes in the area.
National leader of the Progressives Congress ( APC ) Bola Ahmed Tinubu has reacted to the launch of the Coalition for Nigeria championed by former President Olusegun Obasanjo. Tinubu stated that it was too early to respond to movement as every Ni...
By Prince Okafor
THE management of Innoson Motors Nigeria Ltd, has alleged an abuse of court process by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, in the prosecution of its case with Guaranty Trust Bank, GTB over business dispute.
This is even as Special Assistant to the chairman of the company, Cornel Osigwe, said the Chairman, Innocent Chukwuma, was not running away from any arraignment by the court, noting that he was innocent of all allegations.
Justice Mojisola Dada of the Special Offences Court sitting in Lagos, had last Thursday declared Innocent Chukwuma wanted over his failure to make an appearance in court on his arraignment for the fifth time.
Chukwuma, alias Innoson, is standing trial in a matter between his company and the EFCC.
He said: “The business disagreement started from a dispute with Customs when GTB decided to cry more than the bereaved by appealing a valid court ruling ordering GTB to pay Innoson, a judgement debt of N2.4 billion being the cost of his goods unlawfully seized and auctioned by the Nigerian Customs.
“The activity of EFCC and GTB in trying to malign its reputation is distracting the ongoing upgrade from its 10, 000 capacity of car annually, to 60, 000. The company is upgrading from manual production to automated.''
How it started
Osigwe stated that, Innocent Chukwuma in 2000, was able to set up the first indigenous motorcycle assembling plant in the country, adding that based on that fact, the Federal Government gave him a concession of 5 percent duty rate whenever he imported Completely Knock Down, CKD's motorcycles.
“Between 2005 and 2006, Innoson imported 40 pieces of 40 feet containers of CKD motorcycles and it was seized by the Nigerian Customs. Normally, the motorcycle importers pay 30 percent import duty rate on motorcycles. But due to the agreement he had with the federal government, Customs told him that they have the list of people who government have given 5 percent duty rate to pay and his name was not there. Innoson protested to the Federal Ministry of Finance. The ministry wrote a letter to Customs that Innoson enjoys 5 percent duty rate from federal government and the offer is valid.
“Based on that, Customs cleared him and told him to pay the five per cent duty rate and collect his goods at the ports. After paying the duty rate, he went to get his goods, only to find out that the containers were no longer there. When he inquired, they told him that it is parked at the government warehouse. He went there and found out that it has been sold on auction.
“He took Customs to court and got the judgement of N2.4 billion. He got a garnish absolute order from the court and with this order, you can be able to pull out your money. Custom has over 10 billion in GTB.
“However, GTB disagreed to pay the money and went on to appeal the judgement. Before they went on appeal, Innoson has a loan service with GTB. Out of anger, Innoson told GTB that he will stop servicing the loan until Customs pays the money.
Court ordered GTBto pay Innosonjudgement debt
On the court judgement, he said: “In a unanimous judgement, delivered on the 6th of February 2014. The Court of Appeal dismissed the appeal and affirmed the judgement of the trial court and ordered the defendant (GTBank) to pay the judgement debt to Innoson Nigeria Limited.”
Osigwe further said that “the refusal of GTB to comply with the initial court ruling made Innoson to inform the bank that he will discontinue the balance of his credit facilities with it until he gets his judgment money of about N2.4bn or rather, the bank should deduct his balance and pay him the balance of the judgement money.
“GTBank responded to this threat of Innoson on July 15th 2011, through a letter to Chief Innocent Chukwuma with the caption, “Indebtedness of Innoson Nigeria Limited to Guaranty Trust Bank Plc” “In his response to GTBank letter, Innoson on July 22nd reminded the bank that the said credit facilities it was recalling was yet to expire.
“It must be noted that Innoson severally contested GTBank position on the actual figure of his debt to the bank. While the bank was stating N1.3bn, Innoson maintained that his account was not more than N800 million and the N1.3 billion claim of the bank was due to overcharged interests, spurious charges and other unexplained charges.
“However, with the intimidation from EFCC, it was tentatively resolved that Innoson will be paying the sum of N30 million monthly.”
EFCC forgery allegation
Commenting on the forgery allegation, Osigwe noted that, “Innoson rejected both EFCC and GTBank contention through its letters to them respectively, insisting that GTBank shall pay the agreed N560 million at 22 percent interest rate as demanded by CBN guidelines and headed to court and got judgement in his favour. GTBank went to appeal and lost.
“It was after Innoson rejected the EFCC report on the actual indebtedness that EFCC came up with the forgery allegations. In all the various correspondences between Innoson and the EFCC in the ealiest investigation, the issue of forgery was never a subject matter but it was all about how to recover GTBank money.
“EFCC felt slighted and angered by Innoson's refusal to accept its reconciliation contained in its letter of 20th September 2012. In December 2013, EFCC filed Charge No. ID/197C/2013 against Innoson and two others at the Lagos State High Court, Ikeja. Later, in 2014, the charge was struck out. However, Innoson through his counsel appealed against the order and as well filed a motion on notice to the Court of Appeal, Lagos division, praying among others that EFCC be restrained from filing a further charge in respect of the same subject matter until determination of the Appeal Nos: CA/L/1328CM/17, CA/L/1329CM/17 & CA/L/1330CM/17.
“Subsequently, GTB invited the Nigerian Police to charge Innoson and others to court. The Nigerian police filed Charge No. FHC/L/565c/2015 at the Federal High Court Lagos Division in respect of the same subject matter, issues and transactions as are in the EFCC Charge No. ID/197C/2013. Subsequently, the Nigeria Police withdrew this charge.”
The first week of the year is off to a warm one. Temperatures have been extremely warm and we should remain above average through Wednesday. By Thursday, a front approaches South Florida bringing temperatures down to seasonal values with lows in the low to middle 60's and afternoon highs in the mid 70's. However, bundle up South Florida on Friday morning. We are expecting temperatures to drop down into the 50's with a gradual warming trend for the weekend.
Good morning! It's a new year, but the same south Florida forecast: warm & breezy. @wsvn pic.twitter.com/7bB2SdaGnj — Vivian Gonzalez (@VivianGonzalez7) January 2, 2017
If front holds, temperatures are forecast to cool down a bit starting Thursday. @wsvn pic.twitter.com/zEisrOfaUU — Vivian Gonzalez (@VivianGonzalez7) January 2, 2017
Have a wonderful day South Florida and make it a safe one!
Vivian Gonzalez
Meteorologist, AMS Certified
WSVN Channel 7
The remains of Chief Kelechi Emeteole will be committed to Mother Earth on Friday, August 18 at Amiyi Obilohia in Isikwuato Local Government Area of Abia State.
There will be a funeral service to be conducted by the International Church of Christ at his compound. Interment follows soon after the church service.
The former Heartland coach died June 21 after a long battle with throat cancer.
The ‘Caterpillar' as he was popularly called during his active days in the national team, managed top teams like Heartland FC, Enugu Rangers and El Kanemi in the Nigeria Premier League before his death.
Defra scientists are investigating a suspected outbreak of bird flu at a poultry farm near Redgrave.
The UK's Deputy Chief Veterinary Officer announced at 3.15pm on Monday an initial 10km Temporary Control Zone around the premises, which stretches from east of Brettenham to Diss and Banham to Badwell Ash,
Defra's map showing the Temporary Control Zone around Redgrave following the suspected bird flu outbreak Map: Defra/Ordnance Survey
The move follows an investigation into a suspected case of avian influenza where Defra says laboratory analysis has identified the presence of the H5N8 strain – the same strain as has been found in the north of England and Wales.
The Defra statement adds: “The affected premises is estimated to contain approximately 23,000 birds.
“A number have died and it has been decided to humanely cull the remaining birds. Further investigations continue into the nature of the virus detected and to establish the possible source of the infection.”
The map reference given on the Defra order is for a two-barn poultry facility on Fen Road where a sign on the gate says ‘Bridge Farm, House 3/4'. The nearby Gressingham Foods stresses it is not one of its sites.
Biosecurity precautions aere in place at the poultry unit. Picture: MARK BULLIMORE
Though Defra is taking the lead on handling the incident, Suffolk Trading Standards staff are backing them up on the ground.
A spokesman for Suffolk County Council said today (Tuesday) that Defra is awaiting confirmation of what strain of bird flu it is and, therefore, how virulent it is, which they hope will be confirmed by Wednesday morning.
Trading standards staff will then go door-to-door in the 3km zone to give out information provided by Defra and answer questions.
The spokesman added: “Defra say there shouldn't be a major effect on other premises because this has been caught so early in the process.”
Disinfectant spraying equipment is ready at the gate.. Picture: MARK BULLIMORE
It is understood some mammals, notably pigs, can be affected by the more virulent strains of bird flu.
The 10km Temporary Control Zone consists of a 3km Zone A and 10km Zone B and controls are equivalent to those which would apply in the 3km Protection Zone and the 10km Surveillance Zone around a confirmed case.
This involves recording visitors and restrictions on the movements of birds and eggs as well as other biosecurity measures.
The national nature reserve at Redgrave and Lopham Fen is close to the site and the 10km control zone includes Banham Zoo.
Public Health England advises the risk to public health from the virus is very low and the Food Standards Agency is clear that bird flu does not pose a food safety risk for UK consumers.
Full details of the area affected with links to the control zone order can be found here.
Defra's full details of restrictions and advice on protecting flocks can ben found here.
FILE - In this April 1, 2015, file photo, Dwayne Johnson, left, and Tyrese Gibson arrive at the premiere of "Furious 7" at the TCL Chinese Theatre IMAX in Los Angeles. Tyrese posted on Instagram Thursday, Oct. 5, 2017, that Johnson was a "clown" for agreeing to star in a spinoff film in the "Fast & Furious” franchise. (Photo by John Shearer/Invision/AP, File )
The Associated Press
CARMEL, IN--(Marketwired - Feb 15, 2017) - Determine, Inc. ( NASDAQ : DTRM), the pioneering leader in global Source-to-Pay and Enterprise Contract Lifecycle Management (ECLM) Cloud Platform solutions, will present a live webinar on Wednesday, February 22, 2017 at 11AM ET / 8AM PT.
Pierre Mitchell of Spend Matters and Julien Nadaud, Chief Product Officer at Determine will explore how using a platform-based approach (the virtual factory) is critical to rethinking and reinventing procurement services. Using many industry examples, they will specifically hone in on the digital requirements to support these new approaches.
In addition to how technology firms are trying to cope with a new mandate to deliver economic value at scale, regardless of complexity, they will discuss and debate emerging platform trends and technologies, including:
How "platform design" approaches can industrialize Procurement services to deliver more value at scale (in the face of complexity and constraints)
How to apply "mass customization" techniques to category management, contract management, and P2P -- without custom software
Applying consumerized B2C innovations to B2B procurement processes, including user-centered design and predictive analytics to "guide" better sourcing and buying
How to modularize your processes and systems to get integration AND flexibility (i.e., make Procurement, IT, suppliers AND requisitioners happy!)
Evolving information -- and not just processes. The journey from documents and data to knowledge and "intelligence" requires new approaches and tools
Online registration for the webinar is still available.
Support Resources
Determine blog
Determine on LinkedIn
Determine on Twitter
Determine Resources
About Spend Matter
The largest, most in-depth online destination for procurement and supply chain professionals
Spend Matters is the world's best and largest information source for procurement and supply chain professionals, enabling CPOs, consultants and technology solution providers to make smart decisions regarding all things procurement.
Spend matters publishes 200+ unique papers and articles monthly (hard-hitting research, analysis, commentary and breaking news coverage) and has unmatched subject matter expertise and depth of knowledge from its wealth of contributors - ranging from senior practitioners and consultants to technology experts.
Coverage areas include:
Strategy & Best Practices
Risk Management & Compliance
Spend Management, Finance and Payments
Technology Tools, Trends & Infrastructure
Category & Contract Management
Sourcing & Supplier Management
Spend Matters is operated under management company Azul Partners, Inc.
About Determine, Inc.
Determine, Inc. ( NASDAQ : DTRM) is a leading global provider of SaaS Source to Pay and Enterprise Contract Lifecycle Management (ECLM) solutions. Our visionary technologies allow our customers to effectively manage the full scope of Source to Pay and ECLM using our Determine Cloud Platform. Our Source to Pay software suite includes strategic sourcing, supplier management, contract management and procure-to-pay applications.
The Determine Cloud Platform gives procurement, finance and legal professionals the ability to deliver profound insights through analysis of their supplier relationships and contractual requirements. Our customers leverage the Determine Cloud Platform to discover previously unseen supplier and spend data; make more informed and smarter business decisions; drive new revenue; control costs; improve workflow efficiencies; and mitigate risk.
Our customers benefit from the Determine Cloud Platform's robust suite of integrated applications. Whether they start with a full-suite implementation or choose to implement just one application and build over time, each additional application allows for the automatic sharing of data already in place on the Determine Cloud Platform.
For more information, please visit: www.determine.com.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
ABCNews.com(NEW YORK) — This Christmas has been the season of giving, not getting, for an 8-year-old boy in New Jersey whose home has become a bit like Santa's workshop.
On Dec. 3, Jayden Perez, a third-grader in Woodland Park, New Jersey, held a toy drive at his home to collect toys for children in hurricane-ravaged Puerto Rico.
His mother, Ana Rosado, told ABC News Monday that in September, her boss had given Jayden, a New York Giants fan and football lover, one pretty epic gift: tickets to a Giants game. Rosado said it was a gift just because, not for Jayden's birthday or any special reason.
On video, she captured Jayden breaking down in tears of joy after being given the tickets.
Rosado said that also around that time, Hurricane Maria hit Puerto Rico. She and Jayden volunteered to help. The two collected donations and helped pack and ship them out. She said the two helped put together more than 40 boxes.
After Thanksgiving, Rosado said Jayden came to her with his own, new idea: He'd been blessed with Giants tickets so he wanted to pay it forward to the children of Puerto Rico.
“He said, ‘Mom, I'm concerned kids aren't going to get toys,'” she said. “That really touched me.”
Jayden told her that he wanted to donate his Christmas gifts to the children but Rosado took it a step further: have a toy drive.
Rosado posted the event on social media and word spread with help from local media outlets.
She said that so far, the drive had netted more than 1,000 toys but that there were more toys coming this week. Rosado said a man had even reached out to her from Pennsylvania, saying he had a trailer of toys that had been donated from his community.
“I'm so overwhelmed,” Rosado said. “I'm so proud of my son. … I didn't expect so many toys.”
She said that a shipping company was also helping them to get the toys to Puerto Rico. Initially, Rosado said, two of her friends had planned to fly to the island to help distribute the toys. But, she said on Monday, she and Jayden would now be going Jan. 4 to celebrate Three Kings' Day.
It will be his first trip to the island, she said.
Rosado said they planned to bring some toys to an orphanage that had reached out to her for help and then they'd travel Jan. 5 and Jan. 6 to several small cities that had been hit hard by Maria.
So far, Jayden has more than 30 boxes of toys packed up and ready to be shipped.
“He has such a great heart,” Rosado said. “I know that my son is doing good out there.”
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
EUGENE, Ore. (AP) – Police say officers have taken into custody a 34-year-old Oregon State Hospital psychiatric patient who was missing after attending a treatment group in Eugene.
Oregon Health Authority officials say Peace Wickham was found at 9 a.m. Friday and taken to jail before being transferred back to the state hospital.
Wickham was reported missing Thursday when hospital staff members assigned to escort Wickham lost sight of him when he ran from the group.
Wickham was admitted to Oregon State Hospital in November 2016. He was found guilty except for insanity on assault, unlawful possession of a weapon and felon in possession of a restricted weapon charges.
The health authority says the hospital will review the incident to determine what went wrong and to prevent it from happening again.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI (AP) — Giancarlo Stanton hit his team-record 43rd home run, connecting in his fifth straight game and sending the Miami Marlins over the San Francisco Giants 8-3 on Monday night.
Stanton broke the club mark of 42 homers set by Gary Sheffield in 1996. Stanton has homered 22 times in his last 34 games.
Stanton set another team record for most consecutive games with a home run when tagged Ty Blach (8-8) for a two-run drive in the first inning. The All-Star slugger later had an RBI single as Miami won its fourth in a row.
Marcell Ozuna also homered for the Marlins. Dee Gordon had three hits, scored twice, and drove in a run to help back Adam Conley (5-5), who allowed three runs in 6 1-3 innings.
Denard Span's two-run double tied the game in the third and Hunter Pence's single put the Giants on top 3-2. Christian Yelich tied it with an RBI single in the bottom half.
Gordon and Stanton hit back-to-back RBI singles in the fourth. Ozuna hit a solo home run, his 27th, in the fifth.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Giants: 2B Joe Panik was hit in the head during the second game of Sunday's doubleheader at Washington and did not play. “He's doing well,” manager Bruce Bochy said. “He's doing just fine. He was going to get the day off anyway playing both games, all three games there in one day. We'll see in another 24 hours to make sure he is OK. Looks good right now.”
Marlins: LHP Wei-Yin Chen (arm) has a one-inning simulated game scheduled for Tuesday. . SS JT Riddle (left shoulder) had labrum surgery last week and has been ruled out for six months.
UP NEXT
Giants: LHP Madison Bumgarner (2-5, 2.71 ERA) will start the second game of the series with RHP Matt Cain (3-9, 5.22) getting the start on Wednesday. Bumgarner is 1-3 with a 4.50 ERA in six starts against the Marlins.
Marlins: RHP Dan Straily (7-8, 3.74) will take the mound looking for his first win since July 7, a span of six starts. Straily is 0-4 with a 5.17 ERA during the span.
(© Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Derby County return to Championship action when they take on Brentford at Pride Park this weekend.
The Rams go into the game on the back of a goalless draw away at Millwall on Tuesday night.
Substitute Ikechi Anya appeared to have earned all three points for Gary Rowett's side with a late winner, only for it to be ruled offside.
Derby sits in second place in the Championship table and are on a ten-game unbeaten run in the league, and have lost only two of their last.
In contrast, Brentford are currently 11th in the league table and go into the match at Pride Park on the back of a 1-0 defeat at home to Norwich City.
The last time the Rams faces the Bees was in September when the match ended in a 1-1 draw.
We'll bring you all the build-up from the game, as well as match action and post-match reaction, in our live blog but for now, here's everything you need to know:
(Image: Andy Clarke)
What time is kick-off?
The match is due to get under way at 3pm.
How can I watch it?
The game is not being televised live in the UK but highlights will be shown on Football on Five at 9pm and Rams TV. BBC Radio Derby will provide audio commentary throughout.
Who is the ref?
Peter Bankes is the man in the middle. He has taken charge of 28 matches across the EFL and FA Cup so far this season, producing 95 yellow and six red cards.
This will be his second time officiating a Rams game this season, the previous one being the 2-1 away win against Norwich City. Overall, Bankes has overseen three Derby fixtures, including the 2-2 draw with Nottingham Forest in what was Gary Rowett's first game in charge.
Other notable fixtures Bankes has presided over this season include Wolves' 2-1 win over Bristol City and Queens Park Rangers' 2-1 defeat to London rivals Fulham.
Who should I look out for in the Derby County team?
Matej Vydra - as things stand, the 25-year-old is the joint-top scorer of the Championship alongside Sheffield United's Leon Clarke with 15 goals.
Vydra has netted 16 times in just 27 appearances across all competitions this season, and all but one of his goals have come in the league, the latest one was in the win at Birmingham City.
Operating in his favoured number 10 role, the Rams' record signing is now in fine form, transforming from a player on the fringes to a vital cog in Gary Rowett's side.
(Image: Andy Clarke)
Who should I look out for in the Brentford team?
Romaine Sawyers - the 26-year-old has scored five goals in 29 appearances for Dean Smith's men, and was recently nominated for the Championship Player of the Month award for December after helping the Bees to four wins from six matches.
An impressive passer of the ball, Sawyers was the controlling influence behind the Brentford's climb into mid-table and will be one to watch as the in-form visitors prepare to head to Pride Park.
Any injury news?
Deadline-day signing Kasey Palmer will be assessed ahead of the weekend to determine his fitness ahead of a potential Derby County debut, although Gary Rowett has said he is in no rush to throw the Chelsea loanee straight into the team.
Midfielder Bradley Johnson – who has missed the past four games due to a back injury – has returned to the squad, although fitness is an issue, while goalkeeper Jonathan Mitchell continues to be ruled out with a finger injury.
(Image: Andy Clarke)
What happened the last time the sides met?
The two sides last met in September at Griffin Park when Joe Ledley scored on his debut in a 1-1 draw.
The last meeting at Pride Park, back in October 2016, ended in a goalless stalemate.
What should I be betting on?
Derby County have odds of 23/20 to beat Brentford on Saturday with bookmakers Sky Bet. A draw has odds of 12/5 with a win for the visitors at 9/4.
Air Mauritius, via its official Facebook account, reported (09-Aug-2017) the following financial and traffic highlights for the three months ended 30-Jun-2017:
Operating profit: EUR200,000;
Revenue: EUR115.8 million, +5.9% year-on-year;
Passenger numbers: 383,329, +11.6%;
Seat capacity: 522,702, +8.5%;
Cargo: 8448 tons, +19.4%.
The operating profit was attributed mainly to "robust operating performance" and productivity gains. The quarter corresponded with the tourism low season in Mauritius and the airline noted competition intensified and the price of oil increased more than 20%. The EUR/USD exchange rate resulted in an unrealised exchange loss on translation of monetary assets and liabilities, resulting in a net negative bottom line of EUR5.4 million. The carrier is on track to meet its financial targets and achieve a positive result in FY2018.
Related Articles Wine Trivia: A Gold Rush vintner
Wine Trivia: Tuolumne trivia
Wine Trivia: You'll never guess where white zinfandel originated Signal Ridge Vineyard, in the Mendocino Ridge American Viticultural Area (AVA), sits 2,742 feet above Anderson Valley. That makes it the highest altitude vineyard in Mendocino County — and it's higher than any Napa or Sonoma vineyard, as well.
Signal Ridge's winemaker is Stephanie Rivin, who makes wine for her own label, The Princess & the Peasant, from this vineyard's pinot noir grapes.
同意 AGREE
如果您繼續閱讀，視同您同意我們隱私條款。This website uses cookies to improve user experience. By clicking agree you consent to all cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy..
Photo: Robert Hanashiro / USA Today
By Annie Reuter
Eminem has updated the Revival track “Nowhere Fast” to include an extra verse that slams the NRA.
Related: Eminem Takes On Social Media In New ‘Untouchable' Lyric Video
The rapid-fire rapper and his guest, R&B singer Kehlani, waste no time digging into the organization.
“Sandy Hook, Stoneman Douglas, another lone wolf gunman/ Sometimes I don't know what this world has come to/ It's blowin' up/ And this whole country is goin' nuts and the NRA is in our way.”
With trademark fire and fury, he continues to blast the NRA by attacking the way it influences politicians and attacks the government for allowing it to happen.
“They're responsible for this whole production/ They hold the strings to control the puppets/ And they threaten to take away donor bucks/ So they know the government won't do nothin' and no one's budgin', gun owners' clutchin'.”
Later, Em adds, “They love their guns more than their children.”
Hear Eminem's new version of “Nowhere Fast” below.
When it comes into operation, property owners will find themselves saddled with charges that could rise to over 400 per...
An Indian company has emerged with a bold plan for taking over Sri Lanka's struggling Mattala Rajapaksa International Airport (MRIA). The proposal, which would see India pumping $205 million into the airport for a 70% share for 40 years, was approved by Sri Lanka's Civil Aviation Minister Nimal Siripala de Silva and sent on to the country's cabinet for review. While Sri Lanka has received a total of eight proposals from various other parties — including China — to take over the airport, the Indian plan is reportedly being reviewed on its own.
For many years, there was a very strong demand for Sri Lanka to add additional international aviation capacity. Air traffic through Colombo was getting too heavy, and the country either had to add an additional runway there or build or expand another airport elsewhere. At a cost of $209 million — most of which coming from China — Sri Lanka chose the later option, building Mattala International far out in southern Hambantota district, a 250-kilometer drive from Colombo.
This airport started out as a key part of an ambitious plan by Sri Lanka's former president Mahinda Rajapaksa to transform his extremely rural hometown region into Sri Lanka's number two metropolis. In addition to the airport, there would be a $1.4 billion deep sea port, a large industrial and export processing zone, an exhibition center, a large cricket stadium, and a hotel and leisure area that would be connected together by some of the country's best highways. The idea was that all of these large projects would rise up together and support each other. It was an all or nothing wager placed on creating an entirely new economy out in the middle of the jungle.
However, this great scheme has yet to come to fruition. Being located in a remote area in an under-developed part of the country, Mattala airport had difficulty attracting both passengers and airlines. Only one or two flights per day currently stop there, and, according to the Sri Lankan government, the 3,000 flights that touched down at the airport in 2014 served just 21,000 passengers — a mere seven passengers per plane average. This has led to MRIA being dubbed the “world's emptiest international airport,” with its vacant corridors, gates, and tarmac serving as more of an attraction for curious journalists than actual passengers.
This squalid state of affairs has led to the airport suffering major financial losses, with the government claiming that MRIA has hemorrhaged $112.9 million as of the end of last year. It has become clear that Mattala International would not be able to provide the financial sustenance necessary for Sri Lanka to pay back the $190 million of loans that the Exim Bank of China provided to build it anytime soon.
To these ends, Sri Lanka has been looking for other entities to take over Mattala International since last June. Some takers have actually emerged, with IZP, a Chinese informational technology company, leading the pack. However, the air waves had gone silent about the state of these proposals until the Indian offer came in last week.
Is India trying to use the Mattala airport to counter China?
India's offer to take over the Mattala airport came hardly two weeks after a landmark deal which saw a 70% share of the Hambantota deep sea port being sold to China for 99 years. The port and airport are within a half hour drive of each other, and are part of the same conurbation of development. When viewed in this light, it appears as if the timing of India's offer may not have been a coincidence, and could perhaps be another move by India to counter China's growing presence in the South Asian region — in the vein of India's prospective deal to develop Sri Lanka's Trincomalee port or a recent partnership with Japan to engage in large-scale infrastructure development in Asia and Africa.
However, if this was the case, it would fall right within Xi Jinping's rhetoric about the Belt and Road Initiative (BRI) and the “community of common destiny” that it is intended to provide impetus for.
It is common to view the BRI as a Chinese expansionist strategy, with China vying to take control of as many of the world's emerging infrastructure assets as possible. But this isn't necessarily the case. China gains power through the BRI not by being omnipotent and competitive, but through the leverage that is gained through what they dub as “mutually beneficial partnerships” with other countries. Ultimately, China controlling the Hambantota deep sea port and India running the Mattala airport is an ideal Belt and Road arrangement.
Since the start of the BRI in 2013, China has been trying to get India on board — which is something that is fundamental for the initiative's success in South Asia. On numerous occasions, China has invited India to participate in their escapades in Sri Lanka; trying to get Indian participation in the Colombo Port City project as well as at the impending industrial zone at Hambantota. Despite India's very public opposition to China's BRI, they are very much wrapped up in the endeavor — and moving in to take over the Mattala airport would actually be another major step in this direction.
(Source: Forbes – By Wade Shepard / Pix by Ishara S. KODIKARA)
LITTLETON, CO--(Marketwired - Feb 15, 2017) - With St. Patrick's Day just around the corner, Breckenridge Brewery has channeled the luck of the Irish in their spring installment of the Nitro Series seasonal line: Nitro Dry Irish Stout. In collaboration with Boundary Brewing Cooperative of Belfast, Northern Ireland, they created a new world take on an old world classic in this Dry Irish Stout with dark character and classy, creamy body.
Nitro Dry Irish Stout is a traditional Irish beer that offers a drinking experience only nitrogen can create by lending a remarkably smooth, balanced flavor and a velvety head. Made with roasted barley and Irish Stout Malt, this black beer has subtle flavors of coffee and hints of grain. Well-balanced hops in harmony with the roasted malts give it a particularly dry finish.
"Our collaboration with Boundary Brewing resulted in a truly authentic Irish stout. We worked closely with their brewer, Matthew, to develop this recipe using ingredients from his homeland," explained Todd Usry, President and brewmaster of Breckenridge Brewery. "The process of creating the recipe together and having Matthew come here to brew with us was so positive for our entire brew staff, and the outcome is delicious."
The collaboration is one that was planned for quite some time. "I met George O'Neill [Breckenridge Brewery's Director of Sales and Marketing] here in Belfast, and we began talking about doing a beer together," shared Matthew Dick, Co-Founder and brewer for Boundary. "I used to live in the States, and it's there that I fell in love with great beer, so the opportunity to brew with Breckenridge was really exciting. I've also always wanted to play with nitro in a beer -- we love our stouts in Boundary, so this collaboration was especially interesting for us."
In anticipation of this spring release and its timeliness for St. Patrick's Day, Breckenridge Brewery is unveiling a Nitro Dry Irish Stout badge for Untappd, the app that allows people to share and explore new beer. The badge will be available for "unlocking" the entire month of March.
Nitro Dry Irish Stout is the third release in Breckenridge Brewery's Nitro Series seasonal line. Nitro Lucky U IPA and Nitro Vanilla Porter, both year-round releases in Nitro Series, have become among their top selling beers. Breckenridge's innovative nitrogen-charged can allow these beers to be enjoyed anywhere. The Nitro Series is packaged in 4-packs and is available where Breckenridge Brewery beer is sold. Nitro Dry Irish Stout will be available starting in February until the next seasonal nitro release.
About Breckenridge Brewery
Breckenridge Brewery opened its doors in 1990 in the ski town of Breckenridge, Colorado. What started as a small brewpub has grown into one of the largest breweries in the U.S. The original brewery still serves its craft beer and delicious pub fare at altitude. The production brewery outside of Denver sends beer to thirty-seven states and offers tours, dining, and a welcoming Colorado beer garden experience. With a focus on balanced, approachable and interesting beer, the brewery's portfolio contains classics like Vanilla Porter, Avalanche Amber Ale, Agave Wheat, 471 Double IPA, and Breck IPA, along with a variety of specialty beers that include seasonals, barrel-aged beers, the Brewery Lane Series, and the Nitro Series. Visit www.breckbrew.com for more information.
About Boundary Brewing Cooperative
Boundary is a Cooperative brewery run and owned by its members. Opened in 2015, Boundary is the first brewery in Northern Ireland to offer beers inspired by the American Revolution and the more traditional Belgian style beers.
While we're still fangirling over the drop of 2017 emojis (a mermaid!), Emojipedia are teasing a new batch of emojis for 2018 - and you'd be forgiven for never looking up from your phone again.
Because honestly, what have we been doing all this time without the bagel, the broom, the skateboard or the melon? And don't even get us started on the llama.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Emojipedia
And gingers!
Unicode announced the beta version of next year's emoji release earlier this month, though Emojipedia note that they might not all make it to the final cut, and that some will probably get culled along the way.
Some exciting changes may also be made to existing emojis, and users may have the opportunity to make any emoji (providing it doesn't have text on it) face either way. Unicode's document cites, "Emoji with glyphs that face to the right or left may face either direction, according to vendor preference. However, that can cause a definite change in meaning when exchanging text across platforms."
This IS exciting.
Emojipedia
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Users can expect new emojis to roll out on major platforms in the second half of next year - so if you need us between now and 2018? We'll be waiting for the tennis ball emoji.
The Bombay High Court sought a reply from the Maharashtra government on a plea filed by a local activist seeking that Mumbai-Pune Expressways contractor be restrained from collecting any toll from motorists on the stretch.
A bench of justices A S Oka and R I Chagla directed the state to file its reply within three weeks.
As per the petitioner, Praveen Wategaonkar, in 2015 the government had announced its decision to close 12 toll plazas across the state and to exempt light motor vehicles and the state transport (ST) buses from having to pay toll on select toll plazas.
Wategaonkar said in April 2015, the Maharashtra government also formed a committee to look into the feasibility of exempting light motor vehicles from paying any toll for use of the expressway.
In 2016, the committee submitted that as per the concession agreement between the state and the contractor, the latter had a right to collect up to Rs 1,362 crore by charging such toll.
It suggested that the government pay Rs 1,362 crore to the contractor and thus, exempt all vehicles from having to pay toll on the expressway.
However, while the government is yet to take a decision on the recommendation, the contractor has already collected about Rs 1,500 crore by way of toll.
The contractor, thus, was making a wrongful gain by charging the toll, Wategaonkar submitted, adding that it was in contravention of the terms of its concession agreement.
Revellers from a Dundee pub proved that they had a very dark sense of humour when they turned up at a local bowling green carrying a coffin.
Dougie Taylor, 50, a member of the Maryfield Bowling Club and Stobswell Bar regular, said plans were already afoot for next year's event after a cowboy riding a costume bull led a procession into Maryfield Bowling Club accompanied by pallbearers carrying a life-size casket containing the Grim Reaper.
The hilarious video, which was posted online on Sunday afternoon, was the build-up to an annual bowling match which sees Stobswell Bar regulars vying to take bragging rights as the bottom of the bar compete against the top of the bar in lawn bowls.
The annual bowling event has “escalated” over recent years after it was set up in memory of former Stobie Bar barmen, John Ward.
The 90-second clip shows a number of revellers from the Stobswell Bar young team coming along Madeira Street being led by a cowboy while a purple flare is set alight.
The procession comes to a halt as coffin bearers make their way into the bowling club to unveil a man wearing a Grim Reaper costume inside.
Dougie said the “light-hearted” antics had made for a “great day”, although some people may have been perplexed as the group made their way up the Forfar Road on Sunday afternoon.
He said: “Every year the lads try and outdo themselves – there is talk of trying to get a plane involved in it somehow next year but there was over 100 people there yesterday – we've been doing it for the past four years now.
“It is titled the top of the bar vs the bottom of the bar – basically the young boys against the old boys. Fortunately I still find myself in the young team and we took the victory on the day.
“We put the Grim Reaper in the casket on Madeira Street and we walked him in – we had one of the old team's names on the casket.
“It was hilarious. After the match the celebrations continued in the Stobswell Bar – there'll be a few sore heads today.”
Mattis' reassurance tour in Europe could include US requests
hello
BRUSSELS -- The next few days for Defense Secretary Jim Mattis will be a reassurance tour with a twist.
He'll tell allies the U.S. is committed to NATO. But he also is expected to visit Europe with a hand out, hoping to secure bigger defense spending commitments and greater assistance in military campaigns in Afghanistan and elsewhere.
Mattis also will field questions about national security adviser Michael Flynn's resignation over his pre-inauguration discussions with Russia.
Speaking to reporters on the way to a NATO defense ministers' meeting, Mattis said Flynn's departure "has no effect at all" on him.
Mattis also reinforced earlier comments he's made on NATO's importance.
But he said allies must discuss increasing military funding to a benchmark goal of 2 percent of gross domestic product.
Bayelsa Deputy Governor Gboribiogha Jonah says though Nigeria may have gone through difficult times in 2016, the country's fortunes will improve in the new year 2017.
Speaking to journalists shortly after the “Cross Over Night” church service in Yenagoa, he sued for peace among youths in the state.
Intense prayers featured prominently at the Mountain Of Fire And Miracles Ministries “Cross Over Night” which had the Bayelsa Deputy Governor Gboribiogha Jonah in attendance… And then the time clocked 12.
Happy to have made it into the new year, members of the church went into raptures.
On the morning of the first day of the new year, Apostle David Wale Feso and members of Charismatic Renaissance International Church celebrated 2017 as “The Year Of Manifested Sonship”.
He prayed for Nigeria and Bayelsa State.
.
The post Nigeria's fortunes will improve in 2017 – Gboribiogha Jonah appeared first on COMPLETE ENTERTAINMENT.
Leading YouTube MCN (Multi Channel Network), partners with Cameroonian music label Zion Records to manage and monetize its Official YouTube channel, Menta Music is delighted to announce and officially welcome Zion Records on-board.
Zion Records has captured Cameroon's attention with award winning Singles like Love na Love by Charly B, hit singles and numerous achievements as they continue to strive to be the biggest hand in the industry. It is a music house for Famous and Up-coming artists such as Charly B Chuye, Atingwa Ghislain (Meshi). Wirngo Mustapha Wirdornyuy popularly known as Grand Walket, Cyril Njumbe (CTrix) and Jipps Way who happens to be one of the first artiste to should have worked with the CEO of Zion Records and who is currently launching is second album.
These exceptional talents have all brought in their diverse musical backgrounds to the fore. They perform from Hip Hop, Afro Pop, RnB, Soul, Rock Makossa and just to name a few, the diverse nature of the force beyond Zion Records is what has made it outstanding in the industry as they continue to grow. The Zion Records team has wowed their audience and fans with their performances at different locations, settings and venues. These include performances at corporate and elite events, stadiums, musical concerts, and many more.
Menta Music focuses on promoting African content & music, generating significant revenues by managing and monetizing their content on YouTube. Menta Music represents well-known content brands and creators ranging from Musicians, Comedians, Movie Makers, TV Channels and DIY content owners focusing on the African market including Nigeria, Ghana, Uganda, Kenya, Senegal, Cameroon, Liberia, Guinea, Ethiopia and Gambia.
With the Trump administration vowing to tighten rules for skilled workers entering the United States, India's software services companies are worried. Indian IT giants outsource tens of thousands of tech specialists to the United States each year, and limiting the visa program that brings them in could disrupt their multibillion-dollar industry.
Congress and the White House have targeted what is arguably the most coveted of U.S. visas: the H1-B. It's "a kind of temporary work visa that allows professionals from other countries to work in the United States for a designated U.S. employer," explains Stephen Yale-Loehr, a Cornell University immigration law professor.
Yale-Loehr says that with the economy picking up, the program is in particularly big demand. Last year, U.S. companies that sought to bring highly skilled workers to the U.S. filed 236,000 petitions that went into a lottery for just 85,000 H1-B visas, the legal cap. The bulk of the winners: Indian computer specialists, many of them graduates of U.S. universities.
Yale-Loehr says that places like Europe and Australia have special visas to attract such talent, but that the United States doesn't.
"We have to shoehorn high-tech workers into categories like the H1-B, and it's getting more difficult every year," he says.
Indeed, newly introduced legislation in Congress and drafts of executive orders reportedly circulating in the Trump White House would tighten the H1-B program.
Indian software services firms last year earned 60 percent of their $108 billion in export revenues from the U.S. Their executives will travel to Washington this month to lobby against measures that take aim at one of India's most successful industries.
One bill proposes more than doubling the minimum wage of H1-B holders, which by law is set at $60,000. Critics argue the H1-B has been misused to displace American workers, and that there has been an incentive to prefer Indian IT workers because they are cheaper.
Shailesh Chitnis, with the data mining and analysis company Compile, says that while the median salary for all H1-B holders is $71,000, most but not all Indian outsourcers pay below that. If they had to double salaries, Chitnis says, Indian IT companies would have to change their 20-year-old business model.
"Because these organizations are not going to be bringing in people at $120,000 to fill those jobs — it would simply be too expensive," he says. "They'll have to look at some other alternatives."
But Shevendra Singh with India's National Association of Software Services Companies, or NASSCOM, refutes allegations that Indian companies are dislocating American workers or supplying low-paid labor. Singh says there is demand in the U.S. for Indian technical talent because of a severe shortage of qualified Americans with degrees in science, technology, engineering and math.
"The crux of the issue is the STEM skill shortage in the U.S.," Singh says.
In its 2012 report, the U.S. president's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology found that "fewer than 40-percent of students who enter college intending to major in a STEM field complete a STEM degree." The council concluded that in the next decade, economic forecasts point to a need to produce "approximately 1 million more college graduates in STEM fields than expected under current assumptions."
R. Chandrashekhar, president of NASSCOM, says that if the skills aren't available in the U.S. — and companies can't bring workers in — the jobs either won't get done or they will go out of the country and be done remotely.
"Talent has become more important than investment or trade," he says. "And those who consciously cut themselves off from the global supply chains of talent are depriving themselves of a good thing."
Chandrashekhar notes that the intermingling of American and Indian ingenuity helped build Silicon Valley, and says protectionist impulses could weaken the United States, and what makes it unique.
"America is No. 1," Chandrashekhar says. "What has really helped them to rise, absolutely, to the top, is that they have attracted talent from across the world. ... It would be really a pity if that was reversed without thinking it through."
Immigration expert Yale-Loehr, co-author of a 21-volume treatise on immigration law, agrees that the United States faces a crisis in maintaining its innovative and competitive edge, and says it should be inviting more, not less, IT talent to its shores.
"In a globalized economy, the best and the brightest want to work in the best places — and if they're unable work in the United States, or it takes too long or is too difficult, they'll find a place in Canada or Europe or India where their talents can be appreciated," he says.
If implemented, Yale-Loehr says the draft executive order would initiate a review of the H1-B program but likely have no direct, immediate impact.
However, he says "it sends a strong signal that we no longer like foreign workers — we're all about only U.S. workers."
That, Yale-Loehr says, is eventually going to hurt the U.S.
Copyright 2017 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/.
ROBERT SIEGEL, HOST:
In India, tech companies are worried that the Trump administration is preparing to limit visas for foreign skilled workers. A huge number of those visas called H-1Bs are held by Indians, but Congress and the White House say the program could be a threat to American jobs. From New Delhi, NPR's Julie McCarthy has more.
JULIE MCCARTHY, BYLINE: In the alphabet soup of U.S. visas, the H-1B is arguably the most coveted.
STHEPHEN YALE-LOEHR: An H-1B visa is a kind of temporary work visa that allows professionals from other countries to work in the United States for a designated U.S. employer.
MCCARTHY: Cornell immigration law professor Stephen Yale-Loehr says the program is in big demand. Last year, U.S. companies that sought to bring high-skilled workers to the states filed 236,000 petitions that went to a lottery that drew just 85,000 H-1B visas. The bulk of the winners - Indian computer specialists, many graduates from U.S. universities. Yale-Loehr says places like Europe and Australia have special visas to attract such talent.
YALE-LOEHR: We don't, and so we have to shoehorn those high-tech workers into existing categories like the H-1B. And it's getting more difficult every year.
KELLY MCEVERS, HOST:
Newly introduced legislation in Congress and drafts of executive orders reportedly circulating in the Trump White House would tighten the H-1B program. The stakes are high for Indian IT firms. Using H-1Bs, they earn tens of billions of dollars each year outsourcing tech talent to the U.S. One bill proposes doubling the minimum wage of H-1B holders.
Critics say there's an incentive to prefer Indian IT workers because they are cheap. Analyst Shailesh Chitnis says if the median salary for all H-1B holders is $71,000, several - not all - Indian outsourcers pay slightly below that. And if they had to double salaries, he says Indian IT companies would have to change their business model.
SHAILESH CHITNES: These organizations are not going to be bringing in people at $120,000 to fill those jobs. It would simply be too expensive. They'll have to look at some other alternatives.
MCCARTHY: India's IT executives refute allegations that Indians are displacing American workers. There is a demand in the U.S. for Indian technical talent, they argue, because of a severe shortage of Americans with degrees in science, engineering and math. The president of the group representing Indian software services companies, R. Chandrashekhar, says talent has become more important than investment or trade.
R. CHANDRASHEKHAR: And those who consciously cut themselves off from the global supply chains of talent are depriving themselves of a good thing.
MCCARTHY: Chandrashekhar notes that intermingling of American and Indian ingenuity helped build Silicon Valley and says protectionist impulses would weaken the U.S. and what makes it unique.
CHANDRASHEKAR: America is number one. What has really helped them to rise absolutely to the top is that they have attracted talent from across the world, from every corner of the world. And that's what has made them who they are. It would be really a pity if that was reversed without thinking it through.
MCCARTHY: Immigration expert Stephen Yale-Loehr says if implemented, the draft executive order would initiate a review of the H-1B program and likely have no direct immediate impact.
YALE-LOEHR: But it sends a strong signal that we'd no longer like foreign workers. We're all about only U.S. workers. That is eventually going to hurt us.
MCCARTHY: Indian IT executives travel to Washington this month to lobby against the measures that take aim at one of India's most competitive businesses. Julie McCarthy, NPR News, New Delhi. Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR.
Amazon is in the final stages of figuring out its strategy to get into the multibillion dollar prescription drug market.
The company will decide before Thanksgiving whether to move into selling prescription drugs online, according to an email from Amazon viewed by CNBC and a source familiar with the situation. If it decides to make that move, it will start expanding its senior team with drug supply chain experts.
Amazon typically spends years researching opportunities before it telegraphs its intentions. The opportunity to sell drugs online is alluring given its market size -- analysts have estimated the U.S. prescription drug market at $560 billion per year. Amazon is well aware of the complexities, say sources familiar with the company's thinking.
Amazon has declined to comment on CNBC's report.
(WSVN) - Many stores in recent years have tried to appeal to holiday shoppers by opening on Thanksgiving day, rather than waiting for Black Friday.
Now as many retailers have been faced with backlash from both the public and employees for opening on a holiday traditionally spent with family, more stores are starting to announce that they will NOT open on Thanksgiving.
Fox 13 reports that almost 60 regional and national chains have said they will remain closed on Thursday, November 23.
The list so far includes:
– A.C. Moore
– Abt Electronics
– Academy Sports + Outdoors
– At Home
– BJ's Wholesale Club
– Blain's Farm and Fleet
– Burlington
– Cabela's
– Cost Plus World Market
– Costco
– Craft Warehouse
– Crate and Barrel
– DSW – Designer Shoe Warehouse
– Ethan Allen
– Gardner-White Furniture
– Guitar Center
– H&M
– Half Price Books
– Harbor Freight
– Hobby Lobby
– Home Depot
– HomeGoods
– Homesense
– IKEA
– JOANN Fabric and Craft Stores
– Jos. A. Bank
– La-Z-Boy (all corporately owned stores)
– Lowe's
– Marshalls
– Mattress Firm
– Micro Center
– Music & Arts
– Neiman Marcus
– Office Depot and OfficeMax
– Outdoor Research (closed Black Friday too)
– P.C. Richard & Son
– Party City
– Patagonia
– Petco
– PetSmart
– Pier 1 Imports
– Publix
– Raymour & Flanigan Furniture
– Sam's Club
– Sierra Trading Post
– Sportsman's Warehouse
– Sprint (Corporate & Dealer Owned Stores; Mall Kiosks May Open)
– Staples
– Sur La Table
– The Container Store
– The Original Mattress Factory
– TJ Maxx
– Tractor Supply
– Trollbeads
– Von Maur
– West Marine
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
By Haroon Balogun
With the pangs of hunger and thirst we have felt so far since the beginning of the month, we can now appreciate the suffering of the poor who couldn't afford one meal a day.
Understanding the plight of the poor is one part of what Ramadan is ordained to achieve. We are, therefore, reminded several times both in the Qur'an and hadith that giving food to fasting Muslim is a great deed in the month.
That goes to show how much Allah values putting food at the table of the poor. By fulfilling this aspect of deed in the month, we would show non-Muslims the beauty of the message of Islam. We should not allow this special month to go without a good account of what we have added in somebody's life.
We need to be asking ourselves all the time how we are going to benefit maximally from the holy month. What are we going to do to make the most of Ramadan? Surely, it is a profitable venture in which there is no risk, but fat rewards both in this life and the hereafter.
Apart from the fact that the act of giving elicits personal satisfaction, it increases wealth.
Again, consider these hadiths: “Whoever gives food to a fasting person to break his fast shall have his sins forgiven, and he will be saved from the fire of hell, and he shall have the same reward as the fasting person, without his reward being diminished at all. Charity reduces nothing from one's wealth.”
He also said: “Protect yourselves against hell even if it is with a slice of a date.”
By way of giving, we can bring more people into Islam; we can teach the world how beautiful Islam is; and of course that will make us to be better Muslims.
Lagos —Sahur: 4:30- 5:10 Iftar: 7:01
Abuja —Sahur: 4:00- 4:45 Iftar: 6:58
P/Harcourt —Sahur: 4:15- 5:05 Iftar: 6:48
Asaba:—Sahur: 4:15- 5:05 Iftar: 6:55
Maiduguri—Sahur: 3:30- 4:17 Iftar: 6:30
Kano:—Sahur: 3:40- 4:35 Iftar: 6:50
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — The environment you work in can have a big impact on how productive you are. That's why a Twin Cities health and wellness expert decided to start a business unlike any other in Minnesota.
A couple of months ago, ModernWell opened just off of 394 and Penn Avenue in Minneapolis. It is a co-op workspace for women only. And it has a yoga studio and a massage room. We took a tour.
Julie Burton is the founder of ModernWell. She's also the author of “The Self-Care Solution.”
“I wanted people to walk in here and exhale — literally, physically, mentally exhale,” Burton said.
Julie Burton's vision is now a reality. She remodeled this building to make it a cooperative workspace with a focus on women, wellness and creativity.
“When you leave here your bucket is full, you've worked, you've had a conversation with another, with a woman, a friend, you've met someone new, you've taken a yoga class, you've gotten a massage. You leave here, and you are in good shape when you go home,” Burton said.
ModernWell opened in January and it's already three-quarters full with 115 women who have become members. Some share a community space, others have designated desks, others… a private office.
“We've got CEOs, we've got writers, we've got photographers, we've got lawyers, we've got bankers here,” she said.
Sarah Bendtsen Diedhiou is an attorney who used to work from home, but found it to be isolating. She says ModernWell provides a sense of community and a chance to network.
“I'm just more productive, I'm happier, I'm more at peace with where I am at this season in my life when I am here. And it also just provides that built-in community here,” Diedhiou said.
She takes yoga classes on the lower level. Writing classes are also an option.
“It strikes a nice balance between offering a setting where there's certainly high energy and there are conversations happening, but it is also highly professional and so it's easy for me, at least, to get into my groove when I'm here,” Diedhiou said.
And founder Julie Burton couldn't be happier about that.
“I wanted to create a space where that can be synergistic. Where we can actually work and take care of ourselves,” Burton said.
The membership fees at ModernWell vary, but the most common one is $185 a month for a community space that's available six days a week, and includes health and fitness classes.
You can find more information by clicking here.
More than 300 people were killed when a mudslide struck the outskirts of Sierra-Leone's capital Freetown on Monday, sweeping away homes.
The Red Cross said at least 205 bodies had been taken to the central morgue in Freetown. Police and military personnel were at the scene in the mountain town of Regent searching for people trapped in the debris.
The death toll is expected to rise as more bodies are recovered, Red Cross spokesman Abu Bakarr Tarawallie said.
Vice President Victor Foh told Reuters at the scene: “It is likely that hundreds are lying dead underneath the rubble.” He said a number of illegal buildings had been erected in the area.
“The disaster is so serious that I myself feel broken,” he said. “We're trying to cordon the area. Evacuate the people.”
Standing in the rain, people cried and gestured toward a muddy hillside where dozens of houses once stood, a Reuters witness said.
“We were asleep when we heard the noise of one of the walls falling down. By the time we got up water was flowing in and the whole house was flooded,” said 36-year-old Salimatu Bangura.
She escaped, but her brother died, she said.
Mudslides and floods are fairly common during the rainy season in West Africa, where deforestation and poor town planning have put residents at risk.
The Act which was passed by Parliament in 2016 is expected to protect depositors from unforeseen circumstances that may result in loss of funds.
The Bank of Ghana (BoG) has served notice that it will begin the implementation of the Ghana Depository Protection Act, 2016 (Act 931) in the second quarter of this year.
“We may be aware there is a new Ghana Depository Protection Act, 2016 (Act 931), which were passed and gazetted for compliance by all licensed institutions of the central bank. We are finalising all the processes involved for the implementation to begin hopefully in the second quarter of this year,” the Chief Manager, Banking Supervision Department of BoG, Mr Ismail Adam, told the GRAPHIC BUSINESS after the launch of Goldenlink Savings and Loans in Accra.
The law follows a recent debacle that hit the microfinance sector resulting in customers of DKM Microfinance and God is Love Fun Club, among others losing millions of Ghana cedis.
According to the law, depositors whose monies get locked up in financial institutions during crisis may receive up to GH¢6,250 in compensation.
This will be paid by the Deposit Protection Fund Corporation.
Explaining some aspects of the legislation, Mr Adam stated that the new legislation would help the BoG to protect small depositors in the financial sector.
He opined that the law would protect anybody with a savings or current accounts who deposited money in the bank.
Implementing SDIs Act
Mr Adam also stated that the new Banks and Specialised Deposit-taking Institutions (SDIs) Act, (Act 930) was passed to ensure Specialised Deposit-taking Institutions conform to the stipulated period of submitting accurate returns.
“One of the main challenge is that most specialised deposit-taking institutions fails to submit their returns on time and when the returns are submitted they are sometimes prone to errors,” he said.
The BoG in 2009 adopted the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSs) for compliance by all public interest financial entities operating in the country.
However, the chief manager said this could not be extended to the specialised deposit-taking institutions sector due to some challenges faced at the time.
“With some of these issues now resolved the central bank has been putting structures in place to extend the implementation of SDIs and other related law such as the Ghana Depository Protection Act,” he added.
He also urged all savings and loans companies and other SDIs to start internal preparations towards the adoption of the accounting standards of the new laws by the end of 2018.
New entrance
Touching on the opening of the new financial institution, Goldenlink a subsidiary of the GLICO Group, Mr Adam said the central bank welcomed the new entrance Goldenlink Savings and Loans into the savings and loans industry.
“The company has operated successfully for several years as BoG licensed money inward remittance company prior its conversion to savings and loans outfit,” he said.
“As we welcome the new Goldenlink into the savings and loans sector there are high expectations that the company maintains the sterling performance it has exhibited as an inward remittance company and quickly increase its reach in the country,” he added.
