TAIPEI (Taiwan News) -- American travel salesman Mark Rolison captured this photo in 2015 of Fuxing North Road and the Wenhu Line from the Nanjing Fuxing MRT station on the border of Taipei's Songshan and Zhongshan districts.
The photo was taken at 11:30 a.m. on Sept. 5, 2015 at the corner of Fuxing North Road and Nanjing East Road with the elevated Wenhu Line rolling, seemingly endlessly toward Yangmingshan in the distance.
Rolison, 32, who is based in New Orleans, Louisiana, was vising a friend in Taiwan at the time he took the photo. As for Rolison's impression of the city, "I found Taipei to be very clean and organized compared to other Asian cities I have visited. This photo is a great representation of that."
(Photo by Mark Rolison)
The Wyoming Outdoor Council, the National Outdoor Leadership School, and the Wyoming Wilderness Association invite runners to the 5th annual Run the Red Desert on June 2, 2018. This year's event is a special celebration of the 50th anniversary of America's National Trails Day.
Advertisement
Run the Red offers spectacular views of the last great, undeveloped region of high desert in the United States; its variety of landforms and abundant wildlife are found nowhere else on Earth. Racers will see red playa lakes dotted with bright green greasewood, painted badlands, and shifting sand dunes. Runners will circle the iconic Boars Tusk and catch glimpses of the Wind River Range. The landscape contains Wilderness Study Areas, the longest ungulate migration corridor, and the largest desert elk herd in North America. The Red Desert retains the paths and archeological remains left from the Oregon, Mormon Pioneer, and Cherokee trails.
“This race is truly special because it takes place in an area that is not normally utilized by runners,” Wyoming Outdoor Council Public Lands Advocate RJ Pieper said. “Most of the public use in the desert is hunting and motorized recreation, but Run the Red brings an entirely different group to the desert, showcasing how versatile these public lands are and how important it is to protect them.”
Advertisement
Run the Red helps increase local, regional, and national support for the landscape by building awareness around the area's impressive outdoor recreation and tourism opportunities, and by helping reinforce the need to protect the area's diverse and unique values.
GUELPH, Ont. — Police in southwestern Ontario have laid 12 new charges against a practitioner of traditional Chinese medicine, accused last year of sexually assaulting several patients.
The Guelph Police Service says Sherman Lai, who also performed acupuncture, was charged with one count of sexual assault in October 2017.
Between November 2017 and April 2018, the 58-year-old was charged with 16 more counts of sexual assault, two counts of assault with a weapon, two counts of possession of a weapon for a dangerous purpose, and two counts of uttering death threats.
Police say Lai was charged on Tuesday with one additional count of sexual assault, six more counts of assault, one more count of assault with a weapon, three counts of uttering threats and one count of forcible confinement.
[Winter Kept its Vow] / Solomon Ibn Gabirol
Winter kept its vow
fulfilled its promise to the lily of the valley.
A summer day had waited all through winter.
Then the lightning came, proclaiming
That the earth had given painless birth
and that her babes were nursing at the breasts of clouds.
Look how the earth is laughing, look how soft
her cheeks, just yesterday so hard.
The beds are draped in coats woven of threads
of white and red, interwoven by the clouds of heaven,
Adornment in a 13th century illuminated manuscript from Vierbo, Italy, of Ibn Gabirol's philosophical work "Keter Malkut." The British Library
To the eye, they look like bits of gold,
their backs resemble jaspers.
The pigeon, crane and swallow rise and boast
That they are better than the doves of the canals.
When they cock their heads and start to hop,
you almost think their feet are caught in chains,
And when the splendid sunlight shines on them,
they seem to put on colored neck rings.
At statue of Solomon Ibn Gabirol in Caesarea, Israel. Faigl.ladislav / Wikipedia
From “Vulture in a Cage: Poems by Solomon Ibn Gabirol,” translated from Hebrew and introduced by Raymond P. Scheindlin, Archipelago Books, 2016. Reprinted by permission of the publisher
Here is a reason to feel optimistic about everything: It finally rained in Israel and plentifully, so the landscape is looking lush, despite depredations of drought and fire
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Did you hear the one about the hugely successful Hollywood producer who really wants to be a stand-up comedian?
Judd Apatow (AP'-ih-tow) says that applies to him, but it's no joke. He's returning to his early show business roots with a Netflix comedy special debuting Tuesday.
In the special titled "Judd Apatow: The Return," Apatow cracks wise about marriage, parenthood and sexual misconduct.
Apatow's credits include the hits movies "Trainwreck," ''Bridesmaids" and "Knocked Up."
But he says stand-up comedy is what he really wanted to do, and he's got more to say onstage now that he's older.
Spend more than an hour in a meeting with any major software company and you're bound to hear the buzzword "hyperconverged infrastructure," but what is it, and why should you care? Industry analyst Zeus Kerravala explained it for us in a question-and-answer session. We played the role of skeptic.
SEE: Virtualization policy (Tech Pro Research)
TechRepublic: We think we understand what hyperconverged infrastructure means, but how would you explain it?
Zeus Kerravala: "It's kind of a weird term. There was already a converged infrastructure market [lacking the software aspect] when this technology came around. Hyperconverged platforms are turnkey products that include all the hardware and software one needs to run a contained little data center in a box. ... When you look at running data center infrastructure there are a lot of different choices for buyers. If you use Cisco networking, EMC storage, and Dell computing, which is a pretty standard thing, there's over 800 configurations. [In HCI] the vendor's done all the heavy lifting. They're not plug-and-play... it's data center technology, nothing's ever going to be plug-and-play. But customers have told me the deployment time for This is days vs. months if you're trying to cobble it all together yourself."
SEE: The cloud v. data center decision (ZDNet special report) | Download the report as a PDF (TechRepublic)
TechRepublic: Do you think most corporate sysadmins and CIOs understand this?
Zeus Kerravala: "I'm not sure the CIO does. I think technology has been somewhat niche. It's been used primarily for virtual desktop deployments. Those are workloads that tend to be demanding... unified communications are a likely next thing. I don't really understand where the 'hyper' came from, to be honest with you."
TechRepublic: Most good ideas in information technology are cyclical. How much of this is truly novel and how much is just a new name?
Zeus Kerravala: "We used to have converged platforms a long time ago, and we called them mainframes. The reason the hyperconverged market exists is to simplify the deployment of all the stuff we need to run data centers."
TechRepublic: Why is this happening now?
Zeus Kerravala: "I talk to CIOs. More and more, CIOs are less concerned about the technical aspects of running stuff. They want stuff to work so they can run the business. There's a theme of digital transformation that's cutting across all businesses. If you talk to a CEO about running a business, it's about speed today. It's Darwinism."
SEE: Digital transformation: A CXO's guide (ZDNet special report) | Download the report as a PDF (TechRepublic)
TechRepublic: What are the risks of changing from traditional to hyperconverged infrastructure?
Zeus Kerravala: "I haven't really talked to anyone who hasn't had a good experience [except] using the technology for the wrong workloads. If you're going to run hyperconverged infrastructure, the development has to be done on a product that's at least similar from a hardware perspective."
TechRepublic: What about hardware upgrades?
Zeus Kerravala: "Applications that have the most demanding hardware requirements, I'd probably keep those on a platform that I have a little bit of control over, and I can upgrade the processors when I need to. If you wouldn't run it on a virtual machine, then certainly don't run it on this."
TechRepublic: Which companies are offering hyperconverged infrastructure the right way?
Zeus Kerravala: "The market leader right now in terms of brand and share is still Nutanix. They've done a lot of work in software. The one to watch is Dell/EMC but for specific use cases [such as with VMware's vSphere]. If your hypervisor is Microsoft or Citrix, then I might look at a different platform... 8kpc is a startup. They've done a lot of work on the hardware optimization phase."
TechRepublic: Which companies aren't doing so well at it?
Zeus Kerravala: "I think HPE is a bit of a confused company right now... Lenovo is another one that I've expected more of by now."
TechRepublic: What is your advice for customers considering a hyperconverged infrastructure product?
Zeus Kerravala: "There are a lot of products on the market and they all kind of pitch the same message. But the performance from box to box, from vendor to vendor, is going to be quite different depending on what you're running on it. Do your own testing. How does it work in a hybrid cloud situation? I'd also want to know from a roadmap perspective about flash storage, 100Gb Ethernet, and then NVMe."
TechRepublic: What else should people know?
Zeus Kerravala: "Try to have a good understanding of what it means to the operational team. Things may be easy to deploy initially but take a look at the ongoing management. That's really going to determine whether you get value out of these products or not."
For more networking, storage, and enterprise hardware news, subscribe to our Data Center Trends newsletter. Subscribe
Also see
The wife and stepson of a slain man in Missouri — a leader of the Ku Klux Klan — were charged with murdering the man Monday. Malissa Ann Ancona was taken into police custody Monday, and Paul Edward Jinkerson, Jr., 24, was already jailed for an unrelated drug charge.
Frank Ancona, who identified himself as an “imperial wizard” of the white supremacist KKK, was found shot in the head and abandoned by the Missouri River last weekend. Malissa Ancona and Jinkerson were charged with first-degree murder, abandoning a corpse and tampering with physical evidence, the St. Louis Post-Dispatch reported.
A detective at the county sheriff's department said Jinkerson shot his stepfather in the head as he slept Thursday night. The police also suspect that he put Frank Ancona's body in his vehicle and drove it to a nearby area, where he then dumped his body. He was 51.
Investigators found extensive blood evidence was found in the Ancona's master bedroom Saturday, and Malissa Ancona told police that Jinkerson shot her husband. She helped to clean the blood and attempt to cover up the crime, she said in a police interview. Investigators also found that a safe had been broken open, and Frank Ancona's guns were missing. The wife said her husband took the guns with him for a work trip.
Police have not released any information regarding the motive of the crime. However, there was tension in the marriage: Malissa Ancona said her husband was planning to file for divorce.
Before being charged, Malissa Ancona was held in police custody on suspicion of the crime. She originally proclaimed her innocence, according to media reports.
“My husband wouldn't hurt anyone, he was generous, he was nice to everyone he met,” she told a local news station in a story that was published Monday morning. “He doesn't believe anyone should be killed or murdered or anything, he just believes in the separation of the races.”
The family lived in Leadwood, Missouri, a town of about 1,000 south of St. Louis. A photo on the KKK's website shows Frank Ancona standing in front of a burning cross.
Related Articles
The West Baton Rouge Parish Sheriff's Office is seeking the public's assistance finding a missing man.
Cedric Davis, 46, was last seen leaving his house in Brusly on Friday, June 9. He was wearing a yellow t-shirt and blue jeans.
Officials say Davis suffers from a mental condition that requires medical treatment.
Anyone with information on Davis' whereabouts should call WBRSO at 225-343-9234 or call Crime Stoppers at 225-344-7867.
Copyright 2017 WAFB. All rights reserved.
The Fenix FD41 is fitted with an optical lens with total reflective coating. A revolving focus ring moves the head and optical lens forward and backward from the LED, which regulates the focus between spotlight and floodlight. It delivers a max output of 900 lumens and an effective beam distance of 340 meters. Additional details include a tactical tail switch and stainless steel side switch.
86-755-2963-1590
www.gunsmagazine.com/company/fenix
When
Tue., May 08, 2018 at 7:00pm
Until
Tue., May 08, 2018 at 12:00am
Event Venue
Independence Township Community Center 104 School Road Aliquippa, PA
Phone
Website
Posted In
THIS seminar, sponsored by the Neighborhood Saddle Club, features Thomas Smith to learn all the new rules of hauling horses, tractors, electronic logs, and more!
Thomas Smith is the owner and President of Smith-Grayson DOT Consulting LLC, a transportation/safety consulting company with 35 years of experience in DOT regulations and PA State Vehicle Code from both an enforcement and compliance perspective. He served as a Motor Carrier Enforcement Officer for 35 years working the tri-state area for the Department of Transportation and Pennsylvania State Police. He was also recognized as Enforcement Officer of the Year in 2010 from the Pennsylvania State Police.
Admission is $10 at the door; light refreshments will be served RSVP to Joe Swoager, 724-622-3999 or swoagfj@gmail.com
Building a slide deck, pitch, or presentation? Here are the big takeaways:
Overall, iPhone X users gave the product a 97% customer satisfaction rating. — Creative Strategies, 2018
Despite overall customer satisfaction with the iPhone X, device owners had problems with Siri, leaving the digital assistant with a roughly 20% customer satisfaction rating. — Creative Strategies, 2018
For years Apple has responded to complaints about the functionality of Siri and as more virtual assistants have popped up from their rivals, users continue to grumble about the things it cannot do.
That was one of the biggest takeaways from a study of iPhone X users conducted by Creative Strategies, Inc. Ben Bajarin, principal analyst and the head of primary research, said in the report that iPhone X owners gave the product "an overall 97% customer satisfaction. While that number is impressive, what really stands out when you do customer satisfaction studies is the percentage who say they are very satisfied with the product," Bajarin wrote.
In terms of the survey respondents who met that "very satisfied" mark, the report found it to be about 85% of iPhone X owners.
SEE: IT leader's guide to the future of artificial intelligence (Tech Pro Research)
But when the report authors broke it down by specific features, Siri stood out as one of the only things users were not happy with. Every other feature had a customer satisfaction percentage above 60%. Siri was the only feature below that mark at about 20%.
This figure is more prominent, Bajarin said, because their survey focused on early Apple adoptees, who he said "tend to be more critical and less satisfied overall than mainstream consumers."
This is good for Apple because of the very high marks almost every other feature received in the survey. But Siri's very low score dovetails with the years of complaints users have had with how Siri functions.
The Street's Leon Lazaroff wrote that Siri's main problem is a consumer base expecting it to function like other virtual assistants, which it cannot do because it was designed for a very specific purpose.
"Siri's job is to integrate those devices, it's meant to grease the connections between Apple devices, making the iPhone integral to the iPad, Apple Watch and AppleTV — and all points in between," Lazaroff wrote. "The problem for Apple is that people have come to expect a voice-activated device that can answer relatively easy questions fast and efficiently, and Siri...has mostly fallen short."
Siri's inability to answer basic questions like Amazon's Alexa, Microsoft's Cortana, and Google Assistant has left users confused about what the feature is actually supposed to do.
Verge journalist Walt Mossberg wrote in 2016 that Apple "wasted its lead" with Siri and was too slow to add features and functionality that its rivals had already mastered.
"Siri's huge promise has been shrunk to just making voice calls and sending messages to contacts, and maybe getting the weather, using voice commands. If you try and treat Siri like a truly intelligent assistant, aware of the wider world, it often fails, even though Apple presentations and its Siri website suggest otherwise," Mossberg wrote.
A study done by Stone Temple last year found that Siri "only answered 21.7 percent of questions and nailed 62.2 percent of them completely, correctly," noting that "Alexa and Siri both face the limitation of not being able to leverage a full crawl of the web to supplement their knowledge bases. It will be interesting to see how they both address that challenge."
Despite the challenges with Siri, Apple should be heartened to know that most users gave the iPhone X very high scores on almost everything else, and Bajarin said Apple is set up nicely for the future.
"Overall, the data we collected around iPhone X show that if Apple is truly using this product as the baseline for innovation for the next decade, then they are off to a strong start and have built a solid foundation," Bajarin wrote in the report.
Bajarin later added: "If Apple can bring Siri back to a leadership position and in combination continue to build on the hardware and software around iPhone X base foundation, then they will remain well positioned for the next decade."
Stay informed, click here to subscribe to the TechRepublic Apple Weekly newsletter. Subscribe
Also see
LAFAYETTE, Colo. — A physical education teacher at a middle school in Lafayette, Colorado was placed on paid administrative leave Thursday pending the outcome of an investigation, Boulder Valley School District officials confirmed.
Lafayette Police say the investigation into Karen Smith stems from an allegation she assaulted a student who refused to stand for the Pledge of Allegiance.
Police responded to Angevine Middle School around noon Thursday. Detectives are currently conducting interviews to determine what happened and if criminal charges are warranted.
District officials declined to confirm details surrounding the alleged incident. However, in a letter sent to parents, administrators write that they are cooperating with police.
School officials say Smith, a 20-year veteran of the Boulder Valley School District, will be replaced with a substitute teacher for the time being.
The school also asks that “everyone respects Ms. Smith's privacy,” and stress they are “dedicated, as always, to supporting our students and ensuring that we have qualified educators working with them during their physical education time.”
Japanese officials will begin studying possible routes for a skytrain connecting Central Market to Phnom Penh International Airport, Prime Minister Hun Sen announced on Monday after securing a loan agreement with Japan last week.
The project is aimed at reducing traffic jams in Phnom Penh, Mr. Hun Sen said at a graduation ceremony on Monday, days after Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe inked an agreement offering an $800 million loan to complete the project.
Mr. Hun Sen said Abe guaranteed a longer loan payback period and lower interest rates for infrastructure loans.
“It's expensive, but we have to solve the traffic jam,” he said.
Transportation Ministry spokesman Var Sim Sorya said the Japan International Cooperation Agency will send an expert this week to begin evaluating two or three possible routes.
The proposed skytrain “has no driver, and it's running on the concrete without rail tracks,” he said.
Mr. Sim Sorya was unable to provide a timeline for the study and declined further comment.
Once completed, the train will resemble elevated trains the premier rode during his visit to Japan, and would offer another option to the cars and motorbikes clogging Phnom Penh's main arteries, Mr. Hun Sen said.
“In some countries, if people want to buy a car, they need to have a permission letter, and some countries ask people to tax the seller,” he said during the ceremony at Koh Pich Theater. “For our country, this [solution] is impossible because we want to offer the opportunity to employees when they get money, they should buy [cars] while the country is developing.”
The Transportation Ministry is simultaneously developing a ground-bound railway that would connect the city center to the airport.
During Mr. Hun Sen's three-day visit to Japan last week, Mr. Abe also offered Cambodia $35 million in grant aid for a flood protection program throughout the country and improvements to Phnom Penh's drainage system, as well as a $209 million loan to develop a new container port terminal in Sihanoukville.
odom@cambodiadaily.com
© 2017, The Cambodia Daily. All rights reserved. No part of this article may be reproduced in print, electronically, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed without written permission.
Comfortable driving boots for UTV adventures By the staff of Dirt Wheels
There may be a few of us out there who have attempted to drive a UTV with a full-moto boot. Maybe you jumped off your quad and took your buddy's UTV out for a spin, or you just tried to drive with a moto boot for kicks. Heck, maybe you simply moved your truck while wearing a moto boot. Whatever the case, you probably soon realized wearing moto boots just doesn't work well for riding. Then there are full-driving shoes, which work amazing, but they are expensive and don't work well for ATV riding if you need to ride one. Is there something in between?
Sidi has the Gavia boot that was produced for motorcycle adventure riders. The Gavia was also tested in UTVs, and Sidi claims they work tremendously well. We acquired a pair to test that claim and to see if they filled that boot/driving-shoe void.
FIT AND FINISH
Sidi's Gavia boot is made from Gore-Tex. Gore-Tex is a highly breathable and waterproof material thanks to an integral inner membrane. This material protects your feet from water and mud and creates a breathable barrier that allows moisture from sweat to exit. The Gavia would be considered a half-length boot, and it has an elastic stretch panel in the gaiter area for a perfect fit. There is external outer-ankle protection, along with internal-heel, inner-ankle and toe protection. For foot traction, they've incorporated a non-slip rubber sole.
The interior is lined with Cambrelle in the foot area for comfort, and the upper is lined with Teflon mesh, which prevents complete absorption of water and sweat. These materials will not retain water or sweat on the inside of the boot and will dry quickly. Access to the interior of the boot is via an external zipper. When you're ready to zip them back up, a Velcro strap makes it tight around your lower leg. The Gavia is very stretchable thanks to a multi-paneled arch and Achilles heel area.
LET'S DRIVE
For our test, we hopped in our XP Turbo RZR four-seater. The test area was a desert terrain riddled with rocks, tight corners and fast roads. The first thing we noticed is how flexible the boot was. The Gavia fit extremely well to our feet and closed tight to our legs. While driving, we didn't feel any restrictions to the lower portion of our legs or our feet, unlike a full-moto boot where “standing on it” has a whole new meaning. When driving with one foot only, the boot didn't hang up on the pedals or anything else in the cab. Driving with two feet at the same time also resulted zero hang-ups or issues. The XP Turbo had the stock doors which have a big open area where mud and water can enter. We blasted through a river crossing, and water did enter the cab, but with the Gore-Tex material, our feet remained completely dry. The non-slip sole, even when wet, kept our feet firmly planted on the pedals.
Just for fun, we hopped on our Honda Rubicon and rode with the Gavia boots on. They were so flexible and were a dream to ride a quad with. They offer as much protection as a work boot, so we wouldn't suggest these for racing or riding sport quads, but for 4×4 quads they work well.
OUR THOUGHTS
The Sidi Gavia filled the driving/riding-boot void for us. We were impressed with how flexible they were, and getting them off and on was a breeze. Even when we were walking around or hiking up small hills, they were like wearing a hiking boot. They offer great comfort, driving performance and protection. They also worked well for trail riding on the ATV. If you're looking at getting driving shoes, we suggest you consider these functional driving boots as a great option. The Gavia Gore-Tex driving boot retails for $250 and come in adult sizes. To get a pair of your own or for more information, visit Sidi's U.S. distributor at www.motonation.com or call (619) 401-4100.
By Eddie Chikamhi
Are Black Rhinos turning back the hands of time to exactly 30 years ago when they were last crowned champions of Zimbabwe football?
The army side made another huge statement when they handed giants Highlanders a hiding at Morris Depot yesterday, but Chauya Chipembere coach Stanford ‘Stix' Mtizwa still wants more from his charges.
Mtizwa was thrilled by a brace scored by Lot Chiwunga and another goal from the penalty spot by goalkeeper Herbert Rusawo, which took the army side back at the summit of the Premiership standings.
Rhinos took the overnight control of the race, equal on 26 points with early pace-setters Ngezi Platinum Stars, who play Dynamos this evening at the National Sports Stadium.
“I am happy that my boys are matching all these big guys – Dynamos, Highlanders and Chicken Inn. I want them to keep up the momentum. Maybe that would take us where we want.
“I have always said we want to run away from relegation, but if we keep winning then we would be talking of a top four finish,” said Mtizwa.
Chiwunga struck just before the half-time whistle when he headed home in a crowded box from a short corner-kick that was engineered by Milton Kureva and Jameson Mukombwe on the right.
The former Warriors fringe man doubled his tally soon after the restart when goalkeeper Ariel Sibanda made a horrendous blunder, spilling a long range grounder from Mukombwe into the path of the advancing striker.
It got worse for Bosso when referee Norman Matemera penalised defender Tendai Ndlovu, albeit harshly, after Chiwunga tumbled to the ground in a tussle for possession.
Rusawo beat his opposite number Sibanda with a rising shot into the roof of the net.
“I think lately, we have been crying more about our strikers because mostly midfielders and defenders were scoring. Now that we have been working with the strikers, I think it is paying off,” said Mtizwa.
“They are now scoring. We are still going to work on them to score more than two goals in a game especially Lot,” he said.
Highlanders had some good scoring opportunities, but Prince Dube somehow blew their best chance of the day over the bar in a one-on-one encounter with the goalkeeper on 57 minutes, with Rhinos still leading 2-0.
“We played football and they won the match, this is what happened today. We played very good football, we had very good combinations, everything was there, we created many chances, but the problem was that we did not score.
“And we made stupid mistakes in defence and that does not win you atches.
“In the first half we had two good chances to score and in the second half we had two to three good chances,” said coach Elroy Akbay.
*Teams:*
Black Rhinos: H. Rusawo, J. Mukombwe, M. Kureva, S. Linyama, B. Homora, D. Mudadi, T. Chigudu, C. Chitsamba, R. Mwenga (L. Samaraya, 68th min), B. Marere (V. Mhandu, 86th min), L. Chiwunga (Y. Salima, 86th min)
Highlanders: A. Sibanda, B. Phiri (G. Makaruse, 53rd min), H. Moyo, P. Mudhuwa, T. Ndlovu, T. Ngulube, S. Munawa, A. Gahadzikwa (K. Nadolo, 83rd min), R. Kutsanzira, P. Dube, R. Matema The Herald
For dogs who may not enjoy the winter accessory, Dr. Wilson said praise or treats should be used in advance to prepare the pet. “You don't want the first time you have to use them to be during a blizzard,” she said. When Dr. Wilson first dressed her Corgi in them, the dog went into what she described as “bootie paralysis,” falling over and refusing to walk.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“My best advice would just be for owners to examine the state of the sidewalk,” Dr. Wilson said. “If there's no snow or ice present, there's a good chance that a de-icer was used.”
In Riverside Park, James Hercher, 29, said his dog, Marlowe, and other dogs he has seen know to avoid the northern section, where the chemical de-icers are more commonly used. “The salt around here is a big issue,” he said. “It really messes with his head when it's on the ground.”
On a recent afternoon, after a snowfall, Mr. Hercher found himself following Marlowe — at least as best as he could — near the park's central bank, at West 85th Street, where the materials' use is less apparent. Free of a leash, the 2-year-old Husky Australian Shepherd pranced in the snow, inviting other dogs nearby to play with him.
“These are actually my favorite days to walk the dog,” Mr. Hercher said. “It's only us dog walkers out here. No one biking, no one running. Just us.”
BEIJING (AP) — Chinese President Xi Jinping has struck a stridently nationalistic tone in his closing address to the annual session of the ceremonial parliament at which term limits on his rule were abolished.
Xi told the nearly 3,000 delegates to the National People's Congress on Tuesday that "not one inch" of Chinese territory would ever be separated from the nation.
He declared that any attempt to separate Taiwan from the Chinese nation was "doomed to failure," despite the self-governing island democracy's de-facto independent status.
He said Chinese are "closer now than at any time in history to realizing the great rejuvenation of the Chinese people."
The congress' most significant achievement was the passage of a constitutional amendment ending term limits on the president and vice president, allowing Xi to rule indefinitely.
Justin Thomas is a major champion. When he became one is more meaningful than where.
If he had to pick a major to win first, the PGA Championship would have been the most appropriate because of his family heritage. The first person he hugged was his father. The first person he called was his grandfather. Both are longtime club professionals. Mike Thomas, his father, served on the PGA of America board.
"For this to be my first one and have my dad here, and I know Grandpa was watching at home. I was able to talk to him, and that was pretty cool," Thomas said after his two-shot victory at Quail Hollow.
The message from Paul Thomas: "This is the first of many."
The first one can be the hardest.
Jordan Spieth brought that up last month before he won his third at the British Open. He won his first one at the 2015 Masters when he was 21 without breaking too much of a sweat, at least on the outside. He never let anyone closer than three shots after the opening round, a feat accomplished only one other time in Masters history.
But he was keenly aware of the significance.
"I can win this major here and it would be a huge monkey off the back," Spieth recalled thinking. "Because the longer you go without one, it's making each one harder."
Players in their 20s won three of the majors this year.
Brooks Koepka won the U.S. Open in his 15th major as a pro. Thomas was playing in his 10th major as a pro when he won the PGA Championship. The 2015 Masters was Spieth's seventh start in the majors.
The other major champion was Sergio Garcia.
Garcia was a 19-year-old rookie when he nearly chased down Tiger Woods at Medinah in the 1999 PGA Championship with a spirit so relentless that Woods had to make an 8-foot par putt on the 17th hole to stay in the lead and win by one. The question that day was not when Garcia would win a major, but how many.
Two years later, he started the final round two shots behind at the British Open. He played in the final group in the U.S. Open a year after that, the British Open in 2006 (both times with Woods), and he had a three-shot lead at Carnoustie in 2007.
The Spaniard had speckles of gray in his stubble when he slipped on the green jacket in April, finally, at age 37.
"I did think about, 'Am I ever going to win one?'" he said when he won the Masters. "I've had so many good chances and either I lost them or someone has done something extraordinary to beat me."
Over the last 20 years, winning a major weighed most heavily on Phil Mickelson. He finally won the 2004 Masters when he was 34, and he now has five majors. In his eighth start in a major, he squandered one of his best chances in the 1995 U.S. Open at Shinnecock Hills. Mickelson played the par-5 16th hole in 6 over for the week and wound up four shots behind. It would have been hard to believe then that it would take Lefty nine more years.
It's harder than ever to win on the PGA Tour, and the majors are no different. The talent pool is getting deeper and younger. Three times over the last four years, players in their 20s have won three out of four majors.
Hideki Matsuyama, the 25-year-old Japanese star, was runner-up at the U.S. Open (but never in serious contention at Erin Hills), and he had a one-shot lead walking off the 10th green Sunday at Quail Hollow. Is his time coming? He could be like Spieth (who was runner-up in the Masters before he won). He could be like Garcia.
"All I can do is try harder next time," Matsuyama said.
And then there's Rickie Fowler, who at 28 would ordinarily be considered too young for the label of "best without a major."
Then again, the phrase "too young" is getting old.
Fowler had his seventh top-5 finish in a major at Quail Hollow and now has played 30 majors since turning pro. The high finishes would figure to serve him well. Fowler waited behind to celebrate with Thomas, as he has graciously done for others, and he posed with Thomas and the Wanamaker Trophy.
Thomas spoke honestly of the jealousy he felt when Spieth quickly compiled three legs of the career Grand Slam (Spieth is 3 months younger than Thomas). But he thinks that's true for just about anyone toward the winner of any major, and he's probably right. If they're not, they should be.
"It's just nice to have one," Thomas said.
In a strange way, Thomas felt calm realizing there were so many good players who have only one major, and it took them awhile to do it. He wouldn't be the first player to wait on that first major. It's a nice feeling knowing that he's not the next.
"To win a major at 24," he said, "is pretty cool saying it."
Menswear Brand Rogue Presents An Editorial Featuring Ric Hassani In “Rogue Man Identity”
Rogue Man Identity fashion editorial is a mix of vintage scenery with formal and contemporary sartorial.
Fashion is about self expression and self confidence, a genuine way of showcasing our inner self. The fashionable man is not your average gentleman, he looks just as sharp on the street and is always the best dressed person in any situation, scenery or event. All This identifies the Rogue Man.
The Rogue Man dares to be different, he can carry the weight of many on his shoulders and still do it in a well tailored debonair suit. He is sharp and refined. He represents panache, elegance, grandeur, confidence, transcendence and royalty.
Ric Hassani is a perfect epitome of what a rogue man is. He is extremely stylish and polished right down to his persona, he is confident, he stands tall and exudes talent effortlessly. In this fashion shoot, he struts our cutting-edge suave suits with a natural and uncommon savvy.
Credits
Label: Rogue {@rogue_ng}
Talent: Ric Hassani {@richassani}
Photographer: Tobi Bakre {@tobibakre}
Styling and Direction: Sadic {@sadicoflagos}
The post Menswear Brand Rogue Presents An Editorial Featuring Ric Hassani In “Rogue Man Identity” appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
22:11 Reported News Briefs Kislev 23, 5778 , 11/12/17 Kislev 23, 5778 , 11/12/17 IDF backs Israeli in attack on bar mitzvah group The Israel Defense Forces investigation of the lynch attempt that took place a week and a half ago on Jews who were walking in Samaria near the Arab village of Qusra states that the direct cause of the incident was an attempt by Arabs to harm the group, endangering the lives of the group. It was under these conditions that an escort opened fire on the attacking mob, resulting in the death of one villager and the wounding of his son. Read more ► ◄ Last Briefs
Britain's financial watchdog has launched a sweeping crackdown on high-cost credit as part of efforts to protect vulnerable consumers.
The Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) is proposing reforms to bank overdraft charges, rent-to-own operators, door-step lending and catalogue credit and store cards.
FCA chief executive Andrew Bailey said: "High-cost credit is used by over three million consumers in the UK, some of who are the most vulnerable in society.
"Today we have proposed a significant package of reforms to ensure they are better protected, including the possibility of a cap on rent-to-own lending.
"The proposals will benefit overdraft and high-cost credit users, rebalancing in the favour of the customer."
The FCA estimates that banks raked in an estimated £2.3billion in revenue from overdraft charges in 2016, arguing that the system needs "fundamental reform".
The watchdog is considering a number of measures to make it easier for customers to manage their accounts, including mobile alerts warning of potential overdraft charges and stopping the inclusion of overdrafts in the term "available funds".
This is on top of requiring online tools to make the cost of overdrafts clearer, introducing mechanisms to assess the eligibility for overdrafts and making it clear whether overdrafts are credit or borrowing.
Mr Bailey added: "Our immediate proposed changes will make overdraft costs more transparent and prevent people unintentionally dipping in to an overdraft in the first place.
"However, we believe more fundamental change is needed in the way banks charge customers for overdrafts.
"Given the size of the market our work here will be completed as part of our wider review into retail banking."
The FCA believes that these measures alone will save customers up to £140million a year.
Beyond that, the FCA will consider more radical options to ban fixed fees and end the distinctions around unarranged overdraft prices.
The rent-to-own sector has also come under scrutiny from the watchdog, which found that costs for 400,000 customers who rely on the sector can be exceptionally high.
It cited examples of people having paid over £1,500 for an electric cooker which could be bought on the high street for less than £300.
The FCA is now considering imposing a cap on rent-to-own merchants.
In the home-collected credit market, the watchdog is introducing new requirements to raise standards in "disclosure and sales practices".
They will prevent home-collected credit firms from offering new loans or refinancing during home visits without the customer "specifically requesting this".
In catalogue credit and store cards, the FCA will ask firms to "do more" to help customers avoid persistent debt.
INNSBRUCK, Austria — World Cup host Russia slumped to a 1-0 defeat in a friendly against Austria on Wednesday, extending its winless streak to six matches.
Russia has lost all three games in 2018 after defeats to Brazil and France in March, and has not won a game since beating South Korea in October.
Austria winger Marko Arnautovic set up midfielder Alessandro Schoepf for the only goal in the 28th minute, giving coach Franco Foda his fourth win from four matches since taking over from Marcel Koller in November after the team failed to qualify for the World Cup.
"We have to improve our passing," Russia coach Stanislav Cherchesov told Austrian broadcaster ORF. "We created one, two chances to score but we have to do more."
The match, which was Russia's first abroad since beating Hungary 3-0 in Budapest a year ago, marked the end of the team's 10-day training camp in the Austrian region of Stubaital.
Russia plays Turkey in Moscow on Tuesday in its final warmup game before opening the World Cup against Saudi Arabia on June 14. It also plays Egypt and Uruguay in Group A.
Russia started with high pressing but gradually lost control of the match after 15 minutes. Most of its attacks lacked pace and accuracy, while the defence looked vulnerable.
Leading up to the goal, Vladimir Granat and Fyodor Kudryashov gave Arnautovic time to control the ball and set up Schoepf, who was not marked closely enough by Mario Fernandes and beat goalkeeper Igor Akinfeev with a powerful shot just under the crossbar.
With Manchester United coach Jose Mourinho watching from the stands, Akinfeev denied Austria a second goal when he pushed Arnautovic's free kick wide just before halftime.
Russia's best chance came shortly before the hour mark, but Fyodor Smolov sent his effort just wide.
New from Ceralsio is a collection of worktops made from porcelain. If that material evokes the thought of dainty teacups, dismiss it now; porcelain is resistant to water, scratches, heat and stains, making it ideal for the kitchen. £350 per sq.m. www.ceralsio.co.uk
A Tory councillor has hit out at internet trolls after he was suspended by his party for a two-year-old post on Facebook.
READ MORE: Second South Ribble councillor under investigation over social media posts
Coun Jim Marsh (pictured)has now been cleared and re-instated after an investigation by the Conservative group on South Ribble Council.
But the episode has left him angry at what he feels was “mischief making” by someone out to land him in trouble.
“The suspension was lifted in a matter of two days,” he said. “It was nothing more than a storm in a teacup. I have admitted I was wrong. I used the wrong word. It was a stupid mistake. But someone has deliberately trawled through my Facebook account, found it from two years ago and decided it would be a good idea to report me.
“I'm not the only council member who has been trolled recently. It seems there are people out there who just want to cause trouble.”
The former Mayor, who also sits on Lancashire County Council, was accused of making an anti-Islamic comment when he signed an online petition supporting a Pakistan Christian mother who was sentenced to death in 2010 for blasphemy.
“I am not a racist, I never have been,” he said. “Anyone who knows me will tell you that. But I've been made to look one by a person who is just mischief making. I think my suspension was a knee-jerk reaction. But once the accusation had been looked into I was immediately exonerated.”
The case comes days after Labour member Caleb Tomlinson was accused of making “inappropriate” posts on Facebook dating back four years. Tory leader Coun Peter Mullineaux confirmed Coun Marsh's suspension had been lifted.
"We'll have our chances to work together," the QB said. "I'm not going to go into it more than that. It's not really anybody else's business."
Jones has gone silent on social media and hasn't spoken in months to the Atlanta media, but he did provide some reassuring words to Falcons fans when the gossip site TMZ caught up with him last weekend as he was leaving a swanky restaurant in West Hollywood .
"Everyone wants a story right now. There's no story to be told," Jones insisted. "I'm just working on getting myself better. I'm just working on myself right now. That's all that is. There's no bad blood between me and the team or anything like that."
Jones insisted that he plans to remain with the Falcons for the rest of his career, echoing a sentiment expressed by owner Arthur Blank.
"Everybody on the outside (is) trying to look in and trying to destroy what we built there," Jones said. "I'm not going anywhere. I'll be there. I love the team. I love the organization. I love everybody there. I'm good."
Still, Jones' decision to skip OTAs has been a major topic of conversation around Atlanta, with fans and sports talk radio weighing in almost daily on his future with a team that reached the Super Bowl during the 2016 season and the second round of the playoffs last season.
Everyone can rest easy, Quinn insisted.
Jones has assured his coach that he'll be at the team's mandatory minicamp, which is scheduled for June 12-14.
"The guys who are really close to him, obviously they keep up," Quinn said outside the locker room after practice. "It's not like they don't hang out and talk on the phone and do stuff together. They may not be spending the amount of time here, in the building, that they normally do. But that doesn't mean they don't spend time away from here. So, no issues on our end.
"I know he's working really hard. I've had contact with him, obviously. We can't wait to get him back, here, with the guys. But he's really putting good work in. I think we'll see the results of that work, hopefully soon."
The 29-year-old Jones is a huge weapon in the Falcons' offence , using his rare combination of speed, size and power to shake off constant double-teams. Last season, he had 88 catches for 1,444 yards — his fourth straight season with at least 80 receptions and 1,400 receiving yards. In 2015, he had one of the greatest seasons ever by an NFL receiver — 136 catches (tied for the second most in league history behind Marvin Harrison's 143) and 1,871 yards (surpassed only by Calvin Johnson's record of 1,954) .
Ryan certainly recognizes the bond he has with his favourite receiver.
They've been together since 2011. They won't be any trouble getting back in sync, Ryan said confidently.
As soon as Jones shows up, that is.
"No concern," Ryan said. "He's always been extremely well prepared coming into seasons, going into games. Talk about being on the same page: we've played together for a long time. When he's healthy and he feels good , like he does right now ... it's very easy to get on the same page. He's so talented. So, we're fine."
___
Follow Paul Newberry on Twitter at www.twitter.com/pnewberry1963 . His work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/paul%20newberry
___
For more AP NFL coverage: www.pro32.ap.org and www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
By Paul Newberry, The Associated Press
LITTLE ROCK, Ark. (AP) — An effort is underway to stop a Little Rock radio station's annual "Babe Bracket," which allows listeners to vote on 16 local female television anchors in a beauty and popularity contest sponsored by a lingerie shop.
A TV station news director who once supported the contest wrote in a blog post Thursday that it was time to end the competition, which is modeled after the NCAA men's basketball tournament known as "March Madness."
He and some listeners to the morning call-in radio show say the contest, which started in 1997, doesn't acknowledge the women's professional accomplishments and wrongly concentrates on their attractiveness and personality. Others say there's nothing wrong with it.
The contest begins each March with 16 women in eight pairs. Listeners to a KABZ show titled "The Show With No Name" vote on which women they like best. Eventually, 15 are eliminated. Past winners have received a crown and flowers.
Stephanie Sharp, an anchor at KARK television, said that amid an international backlash against sexual harassment, the contest is outdated.
"I know it's all in good fun and no one is hurt, but it's 2018. It's not how we're supposed to be comparing professional women," she said. "And it's sponsored by a lingerie shop. It kind of tells you what they're going for."
Host David Bazzel, a former University of Arkansas football player, said he typically builds the bracket with anchorwomen who have appeared on the show to promote their journalism or local charities.
"It does raise their visibility in the market. They're savvy enough to know that it helps cross-promote what they do," said Bazzel, who with his two counterparts hosted Friday's show at the lingerie shop that sponsored last year's Babe Bracket.
A former winner of the contest says she doesn't have a problem with it.
"If the Babe Bracket helps me promote things that are important to me, I would say, 'Sign me up every year,'" said Donna Terrell, a KLRT anchor who has used her appearances to tout a charity she set up to fight colon cancer, which took her daughter's life.
KARK's news director, Austin Kellerman, went on the radio station two years ago to promote one of his journalists when she was a Babe Bracket finalist. His blog post calling for it to end has prompted two days of conversation around the city. He will let his journalists decide for themselves if they'll take part this year.
Bazzel said Kellerman's complaint rang hollow because television is based on attractive people
"It's a little hypocritical for news directors to say we're objectifying women when you look at how they're hiring who's going to be their news anchors," he said.
Bazzel said the hosts intend to run the contest again, though the decision hasn't been cleared through station management. He said if the contest is held and a woman asks to be left off the bracket he would respect her wishes.
It was a never a guarantee, just a feeling. But whatever you want to call it, quarterback Aaron Rodgers delivered on it.
A little more than five weeks after telling reporters that he felt the Green Bay Packers could run the table and win out, that's exactly what the team did with a 31-24 NFC North-clinching win in Detroit Sunday night.
Advertisement
“That's what you have to do sometimes as a leader,” Rodgers said of his ‘run the table' comment that came in the midst of a four-game losing streak to drop the Packers to 4-6 on the year. “You have to exude confidence even in a situation where it seems to the outside world that confidence shouldn't exist. And that's what I did. I believe in myself and my abilities, but I also believe in this team. This wasn't just a shot in the dark.”
Since making that comment, the Packers are 6-0 and Rodgers has thrown 15 touchdowns and no interceptions, and put himself firmly in the race for the NFL's Most Valuable Player award, something he's taken home twice in his career already.
“Great players make other players so much better around them,” coach Mike McCarthy said of Rodgers, who finished the season with 40 touchdowns to lead the NFL.
The Lions led at the half 14-10, but a 10-play, 75-yard drive, that Rodgers capped off with a 3-yard touchdown to wide receiver Davante Adams, gave Green Bay a lead it wouldn't relinquish. All but one of the Packers four touchdown drives went at least 70 yards, including on back-to-back possessions in the fourth quarter to virtually seal the game.
“There was never any reason not to believe we were going to be here today,” McCarthy said when asked how his team turned things around after the 4-6 start. “This team, they're different.
“This team has an energy, it has an edge, it has confidence that was evident very early in our preseason. I've always believed in that. And they believe in that. Maybe that's why we aren't doing cartwheels right now.”
They aren't because the end goal wasn't to win the NFC North. It was a goal, but not the goal. That — a victory in Super Bowl LI — remains out there, starting with a visit from the New York Giants on Sunday afternoon.
“We have bigger aspirations,” McCarthy said. “This is the first step. This is the threshold to get in the playoffs, getting in this tournament. We'll move on Monday. Get healthy (and) get ready for the Giants.”
Injuries strike
Green Bay has been tormented by injuries throughout the year, and that continued on Sunday night, specifically in the secondary where they lost three cornerbacks — Quinten Rollins, Damarious Randall and Makinton Dorleant — in close succession.
The most serious appeared to Rollins, who landed hard on the Detroit sideline early in the second half, and had to be taken off the field on a stretcher. He was taken to a local hospital, and Packers officials said he was alert and able to move all his extremities.
Randall injured his knee in the first half and didn't return, while Dorleant was carted off after being injured on special teams in the second half.
The injuries left safety Micah Hyde as one of the two outside cornerbacks along with LaDarius Gunter, while safety Morgan Burnett was forced to play as the nickel cornerback in the slot.
Tickets on sale
The team announced that about 8,000 tickets were available to the general public for the playoff game against the Giants at Lambeau Field. The sale was the result of tickets not claimed by season-ticket holders.
You can order them here:
Related
Comments
comments
AP Photo/Gene J. Puskar
PITTSBURGH (AP) — The Latest on the parade celebrating the Pittsburgh Penguins' Stanley Cup championship (all times local):
1:45 p.m.
The Pittsburgh Penguins' Stanley Cup victory parade and rally drew an estimated 650,000 people downtown. Not bad for a city that, officially, has only 305,000 residents.
The crowd estimate by city public works and public safety officials makes it the largest parade, by far, to turn out for any of the Penguins' five championships. Last year's parade drew about 400,000 people – the most up to that point – and officials predicted as many as 500,000 might turn out to celebrate the team's back-to-back championships.
This year's parade was different than last year's in that it ended at Point State Park, where a stage was set up so the team and coaches could address the fans.
Sunny weather and temperatures in the mid-80s helped the turnout.
—
12:45 p.m.
Pittsburgh Penguins players have greeted cheering fans while riding in pickup trucks, convertible cars and buses during a parade celebrating the Stanley Cup champions.
MVP Sidney Crosby was riding with the cup during the Wednesday parade in downtown Pittsburgh. But he jumped out of the vehicle occasionally to give fans a close look and allow them to take pictures.
The cheering crowd was 20 deep in some spots along the route. The city says it will provide a crowd estimate, but planners predicted as many as 500,000 people might show up.
The Penguins beat the Nashville Predators 2-0 in Game 6 on Sunday.
—
6:25 a.m.
Hundreds of fans already have lined up along downtown Pittsburgh streets and in Point State Park for a parade to celebrate the Penguins' Stanley Cup championship.
Planners say as many as 500,000 people could turn out Wednesday, surpassing the 400,000 who attended last year's celebration, which was the biggest for any of the team's five Stanley Cup championships.
The parade route streets will close by 9 a.m. for the 11 a.m. parade. The parade will run along Grant Street and Boulevard of the Allies as it did last year. But this year, it will continue into Point State Park, where players, coaches and other dignitaries will take the stage.
The Penguins won the cup Sunday against the Nashville Predators with a 2-0 win in Game 6.
Comments
comments
Middle Belt Youths Dissociate Region From Igbo Quit Ultimatum
Middle belt youths have condemned the recent quit notice issued Igbo living in the North by Arewa Youth Consultative Forum, saying Igbo, just like other Nigerians, have the right to live in any part of the country. The youths, acting on the platform of All Middle Belt Youth Forum, AMBYF, said in a statement by…
The post Middle Belt Youths Dissociate Region From Igbo Quit Ultimatum appeared first on The Herald Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Greg Palast exposes the GOP's suppression of the vote in this investigative documentary! Donate to order this gift now!
by Chris Anders, Contributing Writer
As we have all said, “the year just flew by so quickly”. This year will be no different. Before you know it this year will have passed us by, again. So let's plan out our paddle strategy now so that we can complete our goals.
I joined a group on Facebook last year which many of you may know called “The 100 Paddle Challenge”. What is great about groups like this is that they have challenges throughout the year. Some challenges might be, complete 100 miles in 100 days, or 100 paddles in 100 days. You get the picture. Basically the theme of the group is always 100 of something. The great thing about this group is that you get motivated by others. Everyone posts their progress in the challenge and at the end of completing the challenge you get a reward for doing it. Nothing big but an acknowledgement of your success and everyone congratulates you on FB. What I got out of the challenge is not just reward of finishing the challenges, but I met so many new friends in the paddle community. I have also had people from all over the U.S. come down and paddle with me from the group. I recently went on a group paddle to Wekiva Springs which was all inspired by the 100 Paddle Challenge and we have many more planned.
Some of you may not like to be in groups or on social media and in that case I propose some challenges for you to do on your own that have been inspired by the 100 Paddle Challenge.
100 miles in 30 days. This is a challenge that I did last year in my own group, Palm Beach SUP Club. It doesn't seem like it is hard to do because you think to yourself, “3.33 miles per day, that isn't far”, and it's not. However, going every day for 30 days is very difficult. It takes a lot of planning. I had to look at my work week in advance, then you have to check the weather and if you have kids you will need to check their schedule for picking them up and taking care of them (kids need to eat). You might have to double or triple your miles just to keep up. This is an advanced challenge. To make it easier, try 100 miles over 60 days.
Other Challenges could be 100 paddles in 100 days. 50 miles in 1 week. My favorite, which we are starting this year is to paddle 12 Florida Springs over the year. Paddle on my friends.
The “Harry Potter” novels spawned a massively successful film franchise, and now, with the April 22 opening of “Harry Potter and the Cursed Child,” the Boy Who Lived has conquered Broadway. Could there be a stage sequel on the way?
Probably not, according to J.K. Rowling, the author and creator of the Potterverse — and the co-creator of “Cursed Child,” along with director John Tiffany and playwright Jack Thorne. “I think we really have now told, in terms of moving the story forward, the story that I, in the back of my mind, wanted to tell,” Rowling said just before the day-long, multi-part opening performance of the “Cursed Child,” which focuses on the relationship between Harry and his son, Albus. “I think it's quite obvious, in the seventh book, in the epilogue, that Albus is the character I'm moved interested in. And I think we've done the story justice. So I think pushing it on to Harry's grandchildren really would be quite a cynical move, and I'm not interested in doing that.”
Rowling's visit to “Cursed Child” for the New York opening marked the 16th time she'd seen the show, she said. All-day attendees included Chris Rock, Liev Schreiber, Brooke Shields, Glenn Close and Whoopi Goldberg, who came cloaked in a Hogwarts robe. Close didn't know what Hogwarts house she was in, but Goldberg knew she was in Gryffindor — and invited Close to join her there. Playwright Thorne, meanwhile, said he was a Ravenclaw, while director Tiffany was Gryffindor with, according to him, a bit of Slytherin deep down. Sonia Friedman, who produces “Cursed Child” with Colin Callender, said she was Hufflepuff, but seemed very sheepish about it.
The next stop for the Potter franchise: The release of “Fantastic Beasts: The Crimes of Grindelwald” in November. What's next for Rowling? One of the best ways to keep up with her is to follow her on Twitter. Would Harry tweet regularly, too? “No,” she said, decisively. “He's far too busy to be on Twitter. I think also it might give quite a lot away about the magical world, and they are supposed to be secret!”
Related stories
Broadway Review: 'Harry Potter and the Cursed Child'
Stagecraft Podcast: 'Cursed Child's' Jamie Parker on Joining the 'Harry Potter' Universe
Broadway Box Office: Sales Off 11% After Spring Break Rush
Subscribe to Variety Newsletters and Email Alerts!
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE 'Forever Faithful: Celebrating the Greatest Moments of Cornell Hockey' will be released on Oct. 15. The book, written by Jim Roberts with Arthur Mintz, celebrates the history of Cornell hockey and looks at 24 of the top men's and women's games in the past 50 years. Matt Weinstein / Staff video
In 1973, Harvard fans greeted the visiting Cornell players with a chicken. When the Crimson came to Lynah, the Faithful returned the favor by placing a chicken in the Harvard goal. (Photo: Tim McKinney, Cornell Athletic Communications)
This article is adapted from Forever Faithful: Celebrating the Greatest Moments of Cornell Hockey, by Jim Roberts, with Arthur Mintz, forthcoming from Cornell University this fall. Copyright © 2017 by Cornell University. Adapted by permission of the publisher.
The book costs $24.95 and can be ordered through Cornell University Press and bookstores.
FOREVER FAITHFUL: New Cornell hockey book a labor of love for two alumni
Part One: Seat of Cornell hockey devotion can be found at the "hopelessly anachronistic" Lynah Rink
Part Two: How hockey fans can be as intimidating as the toughest players
•••
Part Three: THE RIVALRIES
The [Harvard] rivalry got more intense in January 1973 because of a chicken. In a game at Watson Rink in Cambridge, Cornell goalie Dave Elenbaas '73 was greeted by a chicken that was tossed over the boards toward him. Some accounts say it was a dead chicken – but that's not right.
If the Crimson fans thought their insult to the Ag school would unnerve the Future Farmers of Canada, it didn't work. Cornell won the game 5-2.
When Harvard visited Lynah [Rink] the following month, a live chicken was tied to one of their goalposts (and removed by a rink worker). Cornell won that game, too. The tradition persisted, and the Lynah Faithful soon began to extend the insult beyond fowl by tossing dead fish at the Harvard players.
Dead fish eventually replaced the live chicken as a greeting for the Harvard players. Although officially discouraged, the tradition of tossing fish on the ice to welcome the Crimson to Lynah Rink lives on. (Photo: Courtesy of Adriano Manocchia)
“The fish?” asked a writer in the Harvard Crimson, lamenting a 1981 Cornell victory. “Oh, they're just part of an age-old tradition of unstable behavior by the Ithaca masses. This year's festivities were no different from any other – the live chicken tied to the goalpost between periods, the effigies, the chants, the sieves, and finally, as the Crimson took the ice to begin the final period, the combined output of Lake Cayuga and ponds beyond flying out of the stands, aimed at the hated Crimson jerseys.”
When Richard Nester retired from The Shopping Channel in December, he had two things on his ‘to do' list when he returned home to Niagara: Work part-time in a winery, and do live theatre.
Both jobs were offered to him on the same day.
“I got a job at Colaneri Estate Winery and got this play, The Dining Room, on the very same day,” he says. “Be careful what you wish for!”
Nester is now a wine tasting associate at Colaneri Estate. And starting April 21, he'll play no less than six different characters in A.R. Gurney's classic play, being staged by Something-Something Productions at Corks' Playhouse Theatre in Niagara-on-the-Lake.
Directed by Stacie Primeau, the play is a bittersweet look at America's middle class told through 18 different scenes connected by the same dining room furniture set. It puts a heavy work load on its cast, requiring seven actors (sometimes just 6) to play more than 50 different characters.
Nester, who spent 22 years with The Shopping Channel, is feeling something he hasn't felt in awhile: Nerves.
“On the Shopping Channel, I had no problem talking to a camera,” he says. “You're not realizing you're in thousands of households from coast to coast. There might be 60 people in the (theatre) audience and you're just like ‘Eeeeeee!'
“And this is a small theatre. I keep telling my family and friends, ‘Don't tell me when you're coming. Just let me be surprised.' But once the first night is over with, then you can start having fun.”
Born in Niagara Falls, Nester moved to Toronto 36 years ago to pursue an acting career. He found himself behind the scenes at TVO before stepping in front of the camera on The Shopping Channel. Over the years he crossed paths with Joan Rivers, George Foreman, Suzanne Somers and Richard Simmons while on air.
“I met so many fabulous people,” he says. “It was a great paying job, and I was very well respected. Yes, I worked a lot of weekends - we were only closed one day, Christmas Day. I missed a lot of events, but look what happened. I got to retire early.”
But there was more to his retirement than found in the press release.
“I had a twin brother, and we were very, very close. He was born (in Niagara), and then he moved to Toronto eight years after me. He suddenly passed away while he was on vacation in Rome. It'll be two years in September.
“That was the light bulb that went off and said ‘That's not going to happen to me.'”
Now living in Niagara-on-the-Lake, Nester has plans for more theatre.
“I call it off-Shaw way,” he says. “We're just down the street from the Shaw!”
The Dining Room also stars Elizabeth Unruh, Christopher Haynes, Natalie Iggulden, Xander Warrender, Margarete Overend and Milo Boccinfuso.
jlaw@postmedia.com
Transcript for Deadly fire engulfs London apartment building
Or to start with that breaking these flames engulfing a highrise apartment building. In London we got word moments ago there are a number of fatalities. Witnesses said once the fire broke out at covered almost the entire tower within just an hour. That left anyone sleeping inside very little time to get out. We give you live look right now the smoldering building can be seen for several miles a major concern though at this minute. The building appears to be leaning to one side in danger of collapsing. ABC's Molly hunter is on the scene Molly what's the latest from your vantage point. Good morning and if that's right that you see the building right there still smoldering absolutely. Blackened but there aren't still leans that there down on the ground police are actually screaming get back up. But from here we are we feel that debris and we can actually feel this break from the firemen. A raging inferno high above London. Overnight incredible images flooding social media. Flames shooting from an apartment complex just not cut want to force on the next site via. It's night. But not respectful to the life if you got that call back. The fires stretching to one. Flaming debris raining down on the streets below and ash covering everything for more than a hundred yards away. This morning witnesses saying there were signs of people trapped inside makeshift growth seen hanging from the windows. She's British police now pushing everyone away from the scene due to fears the building may collapse. This man saying he got out of the building after a neighbor obtained on his door and will come up its. Everything he knows he Does days of this of the globe captain when an off the boat people screen often a couple of minutes was TV was still sleeping. I was debating how he was going on him short often involves unison it's dwindled to he cautioned that all blacks. This morning as the sun rises the horrifying extent of the damage is visible. The building completely charred and still smoldering. How did this actually as clothes and as we can get through that building we're hearing banking increase at if that building may actually collapse sometime soon. Tennis I have my own not through long ago you actually could see someone still live in the building waving at you. Is there any sense of whether they'll be able to stabilize the building enough to try to get in there. Not anytime in that's exactly right we actually thought I am not from this vantage point of a man inside on the eleventh floor when you look at that. But the ordinary to think actually someone is still in the live in there but police and fire brigade air of course standing by waiting for any opportunity to rescue. Any survivors. Thank and it's. And Molly we are hearing some horrific stories of people actually jumping from the building what are some of the other. Sir is it you're hearing there. Renovating the thing that sticks out from every single eyewitness that we've spoken with is this school re still on them immediately adds those Clinton. But if that fire started the load up planes people actually spread rapidly upbeat pop but the building. And residents are talking about this means of families of children waiting flashlight actually. Small children being tossed out of little lower at to waiting aren't allowed. The tragedy aptly until. A and Molly one of the big theater here is how quickly this all spread I mean just an hour from gulf such a large building is there any sense of what caused this. Fans to let residents are telling cast their time if you that may have caught that rapid spread and it may have also. And the reason why so many people got trapped up about that into that by acting in your apartment or on her are you weren't able to get out. It into the fire happened at her apartment building residents who think they were actually stayed in place at eight blamed the rapid credit on the act. Colonel adding it was. It now a massive. Thirteen billion dollar rip Irving again this was just referred base last. Year and everything external cloudy which is it our for insulation and are for aesthetic reasons. Residents that as soon as that caught fire eat tiger building caught fire. ABC's Molly hunter on the scene of that horrific fire there in the west of London 120 units. Up in flames this morning it is a catastrophe there are some fatalities of course we're gonna keep on top of this breaking news story.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
The final decisions have been made. Time to play ball.
Below is the Los Angeles Dodgers' 25-man roster for the National League Divisional Series against the Arizona Diamondbacks. Click on the name of a player to be taken to his Player Profile page, which includes biographical information, career path, contract status, 2017 highlights, a link to his complete statistical data, and photo gallery.
PITCHERS
Pedro Baez
Tony Cingrani
Yu Darvish
Josh Fields
Rich Hill
Kenley Jansen
Clayton Kershaw
Kenta Maeda
Brandon Morrow
Ross Stripling
Tony Watson
Alex Wood
CATCHERS
Austin Barnes
Kyle Farmer
Yasmani Grandal
INFIELDERS
Cody Bellinger
Logan Forsythe
Corey Seager
Justin Turner
Chase Utley
OUTFIELDERS
Andre Ethier
Curtis Granderson
Yasiel Puig
Chris Taylor
UTILITY
Kike Hernandez
Amid regional tensions between Gulf states, Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu and Economy Minister Nihat Zeybekci will visit Qatar, a media report said on Wednesday.
“We do not accept the sanctions imposed on Qatar during Ramadan. We are ready to do our best to meet the needs of Qatar,” citing Anadolu Agency, Xinhua quoted Zeybekci as saying.
“The needs of our Qatari brothers have been fulfilled with a high level of performance so far,” he said.
According to the Economy Minister, the two sides will work together on a programme during the meeting.
Cavusoglu will hold a bilateral meeting with his Qatari counterpart, Sheikh Mohammed bin Abdulrahman bin Jassim Al-Thani, Turkish foreign ministry said in a statement late Tuesday.
The visit comes after several Arab countries and governments cut diplomatic relations with Qatar last week, accusing Doha of supporting terrorism.
On Wednesday, Turkish presidential spokesperson Ibrahim Kalin said at a press conference that Ankara was sending food assistance to Qatar after neighbouring Gulf Arab states imposed sanctions on the country.
MOUNTAIN CITY, TN (WJHL) – Tennessee Gov. Bill Haslam traveled to Johnson County on Friday to celebrate the expansion of the country's largest employer.
The governor met with employees and leaders at Parkdale Mills in Mountain City.
The completion of the plant's expansion makes this ring-spun facility one of the largest in the world.
The governor said securing the expansion here in East Tennessee meant a big economic boost for the region.
Haslam's visit to our region comes one day after he announced he will not run for the U.S. Senate seat that will soon be open following the retirement of Sen. Bob Corker.
Copyright 2017 WJHL. All rights reserved.
German Carmakers Fighting Diesel Rebellion
German automakers committed Wednesday to fitting over 5 million diesel cars in the country with updated software to reduce harmful emissions and to finance incentives for drivers to trade in older models, the transport minister said.
Wednesday's "diesel summit" brought together leading ministers and state governors with bosses from Volkswagen, Porsche, Audi, Mercedes, BMW, Opel and Ford. It came amid worries about possible bans on driving older diesel cars in some cities and wider questions over whether diesel as a technology even has a future.
Transport Minister Alexander Dobrindt said the automakers will fit some 5.3 million diesel cars with new software, starting "in the coming months." The VDA auto industry group said that applies to most diesel cars of types made since 2009. It said the aim is to reduce nitrogen oxide emissions by 25-30 percent, and the overall figure includes 2.5 million vehicles already being refitted by Volkswagen.
The automakers also agreed to come up with self-financed incentives to encourage drivers to get older vehicles off the road faster, Dobrindt said.
BMW said it would give owners of older diesels registered before 2009 an "environment bonus" of up to 2,000 euros ($2,360) if they trade in their older for a new electric or hybrid model, or for a lower-emissions internal combustion car meeting current standards.
The auto industry also is to contribute an unspecified amount to a German government "sustainable mobility fund" for cities aimed at using technology to make traffic flow better.
Dobrindt said the government will invest some 250 million euros ($295 million) more in modernizing city public transport fleets such as buses and taxis.
Volkswagen has been under intense scrutiny since admitting nearly two years ago that it equipped vehicles with software that manipulated emissions levels. German automakers have been under additional pressure in recent weeks following a report that the biggest companies colluded for years over diesel technology and other issues.
German Environment Minister Barbara Hendricks criticized VDA's statement on measures offered at the summit Wednesday, saying the tone "was marked too little by insight and humility."
Industry executives appeared at their own post-summit news conference and underlined measures they are taking. Daimler is voluntarily updating engine control software on 3 million vehicles in Europe, or almost all the diesels it has sold since 2009; Volkswagen's Audi is updating 850,000 and BMW more than 300,000. They said diesel technology would remain important for years to come, since diesels emit less carbon dioxide and make it easier to meet regulator's goals to reduce greenhouse gas emissions blamed for global warming.
Volkswagen CEO Matthias Mueller said that convention and electric cars would "coexist" for some time, and that the company had to invest in both. Daimler CEO Dieter Zetsche said his company had invested 3 billion euros in newer, lower emissions diesels while it is putting 10 billion euros into expanding its range of battery-powered vehicles.
"We are moving ahead consistently with sustainable mobility," said BMW CEO Harald Krueger.
Even before Wednesday's meeting, industry critics and some officials had called for wider-ranging refits going beyond software updates. Industry representatives indicated that wasn't realistic, said Stephan Weil, the governor of Lower Saxony state, although the topic will be examined further by experts.
"The automakers have got their way again," said Herbert Behrens, a lawmaker with the opposition Left Party. "They are getting a cheap version to keep selling dirty diesels."
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: Volkswagen AG TDI Clean Diesels product by Volkswagen.
Read more on: Automotive, Germany, Automakers, BMW, Emissions
May Interest You:
New cars come equipped with safety systems. But how about all the other cars that are more than a year old? No worries... There are plenty of car safety features that are available, affordably, for ALL cars, not just new ones. See products that are available for YOUR car at: Make My Car Safe, the premium online seller of car safety products for ALL cars.
Former employees also said that Mr. Farenthold had an explosive temper and often bullied his aides, prompting a high turnover. That echoes complaints about Representative Tim Murphy, Republican of Pennsylvania and a fierce social conservative who was drummed out of office this year after revelations that he suggested his mistress have an abortion.
So far, Republicans are mostly standing by Mr. Farenthold; his backers, including Speaker Paul D. Ryan, cite a 2015 decision by the Office of Congressional Ethics, an independent, nonpartisan board that cleared Mr. Farenthold of wrongdoing.
But the congressman's status changed sharply last week, when the House Ethics Committee announced that it was forming an investigative subcommittee to examine Ms. Greene's allegations. Ms. Greene, who won the $84,000 settlement, is said to be cooperating. Mr. Farenthold has promised to repay the Treasury and insists his conduct has been proper.
Got a confidential news tip about sexual harassment? The New York Times would like to hear from readers who want to share messages and materials with our journalists.
“I've done nothing wrong,” he said in a brief interview last week. “I'm happy to visit with anybody who has a concern and explain the facts to the extent that I am allowed to under the settlement agreement.”
Details of Ms. Greene's allegations have been known for several years, ever since she filed suit against Mr. Farenthold in 2014; she said, among other things, that Mr. Farenthold told another aide he was having “sexual fantasies” about her and that she was fired after she complained.
But she was not the only Farenthold aide to find fault with the office environment; in 2016, two additional aides complained — prompting the congressman to hire an independent law firm to investigate, a spokeswoman for Mr. Farenthold, Stacey Daniels, confirmed in a statement.
One aide reported that Mr. Farenthold's chief of staff, Bob Haueter, treated the female employees “differently.” The second aide — identified by The Houston Chronicle as Elizabeth Peace, a former press secretary to Mr. Farenthold — reported to Mr. Haueter that the first employee “did herself engage in inappropriate sexualized commentary in the workplace,” the statement said.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The review found no evidence of “gender bias” or “inappropriate sexualized comments,” Ms. Daniels said, adding that all staff members, including Mr. Farenthold, later “took sensitivity and anti-harassment training to ensure full compliance with office policy and the law.”
In an interview, Ms. Peace said “the behavior never changed,” which was partly why she decided to quit in March. “There were a lot of inappropriate things that happened in that office that I don't think would have happened if the congressman hadn't already set the tone,” she said.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Ms. Peace and another former aide to Mr. Farenthold, who spoke on the condition of anonymity for fear of harming that aide's reputation, described an atmosphere in his Washington office that was freewheeling, yet also filled with anxiety.
The congressman, they said, was volatile. When he was angry, they added, Mr. Farenthold would berate them, sometimes sweeping his arm across his desk, knocking its contents to the floor, and threatening to fire people. Ms. Daniels, who has worked for Mr. Farenthold since March, said she had never witnessed such behavior, adding, “All the staff get along here very well.”
The refrigerator in the “bullpen” — the open area where aides worked — was filled with beer, and sometimes happy hour would begin at 4:30 p.m., which his aides called “beer-thirty.” Ms. Peace said women would discuss which male lobbyists had texted them pictures of their genitals, and both men and women would talk about strip clubs and whether certain Fox News anchors had breast implants.
Video
“There were numerous lewd comments that were made either about female reporters' breast size, or other reporters' breast size as well as female lobbyists and their appearance that would go on,” the other former aide said. “On any given week you were prone to either ridicule, rude comments, acts of aggression or rage.”
In the office, the congressman was known to like redheads. In her complaint, Ms. Greene said Mr. Farenthold “regularly drank to excess, and because of his tendency to flirt, the staffers who accompanied him to Capitol Hill functions would joke that they had to be on ‘redhead patrol' to keep him out of trouble.”
In their response, lawyers for Mr. Farenthold acknowledged that “some staff members occasionally joked that Rep. Farenthold finds redheads attractive.” But they said he denied the rest of that allegation, including “the implication that this was a source for, or cause of, concern for any staffer.”
Experts in civil rights and employment law say that the culture of any office or organization is set from the top and that sexual harassment may be more prevalent in workplaces in which there is anger and infighting among employees.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“If you are trying to create a workplace where sexual harassment and other sorts of unlawful harassment don't happen, you really need to be thinking about workplace culture more broadly and about civility and respect,” said Emily Martin, the general counsel for the National Women's Law Center here.
Kristin Nicholson, who spent 20 years as a House aide and now directs the Government Affairs Institute at Georgetown University, said that every office on Capitol Hill reflected the personality of the lawmaker and the chief of staff.
“Anecdotally we all know that there are offices out there that are really toxic or unpleasant to work in, whether it's sexual staff or the way that stuff is treated,” Ms. Nicholson said. “I don't think that's the norm, but it's certainly not unusual for staffers to be subjected to inappropriate comments or sexist remarks.”
Mr. Farenthold, who turns 56 on Tuesday, has had a whiff of notoriety about him ever since he first ran for office in 2010. At the time, he was best known as a host of a conservative radio show. But during his campaign, photographs surfaced of him at a costume party, wearing duck-print pajamas and standing next to a scantily clad woman.
He won the election, ousting Representative Solomon P. Ortiz, then an incumbent Democrat who had served for more than two decades, by less than one percentage point. The Republican-controlled legislature then redrew the district lines, making the district much more conservative. He is now serving his fourth term.
In 2014, the same year in which Ms. Greene sued him, Mr. Farenthold announced that he would be giving up an internet domain name — one that describes a sexually explicit act — that he had held since 1999, when he was in the business of buying such names on speculation and selling them.
A national anti-doping laboratory at Moscow's State University could begin working in full by May of next year, it has been claimed.
Viktor Sadovnichy, the rector of the university, told Russia's state news agency TASS that he was hopeful the facility would be operational in May.
Sadovnichy added that they would be purchasing equipment for the laboratory in January and February and were in continued discussions with the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA).
He said a foreign specialist could be employed to run the facility.
Work at the laboratory was launched in March of this year as part of a plan to repair the country's anti-doping effort following the doping scandal that eventually led to the International Olympic Committee ruling Russia would participate as neutrals at Pyeongchang 2018.
"At the moment we are at the final stage of the move," said Sadovnichy.
"In January-February we will start buying expensive equipment.
"This is a certain process that we must conduct in early 2018, also all the states we agreed with WADA, from January they will be credited to Moscow I hope that in May next year the anti-doping laboratory will start working in full.
"We are constantly in correspondence with WADA and we hope that the license will be renewed for those analyses that are now available.
"We are now under observation, if the commission considers that a foreign specialist is needed, then he will be appointed."
The Moscow State University rector said he was hopeful work would fully begin at the facility in May ©Getty Images
WADA revoked the accreditation of the Moscow Anti-Doping Laboratory following revelations of a state-directed doping scheme in the country.
The facility was then partially reaccredited to carry out bloody analysis.
The Moscow laboratory remains closed off and WADA have said they will only cooperate with a Russian investigation into the drugs scandal if they are given access.
It came after WADA obtained an electronic database from a whisteblower of all testing data at the Moscow laboratory between January 2012 and August 2015.
The information includes details of thousands of drugs tests, providing new evidence which appears to confirm many of the allegations made by Canadian lawyer Richard McLaren in his WADA-commissioned reports published in July and December 2016.
WADA now want access to the laboratory so they can match the samples to the database.
Preston closed in on the play-off places after making it back-to-back wins on Saturday.
Greg Cunningham and Alan Browne were on target but there was also a 10th booking of the season for Ben Pearson who then hobbled off with a hip injury.
Callum Robinson is denied by Hull 'keeper Allan McGregor.
AS IT HAPPENED: Preston 2-1 Hull
MATCH REPORT: Preston 2-1 Hull
REACTION: Alex Neil hails "important" victory
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) – Forget about curb appeal. The newest trend in real estate is “kid appeal.”
CBS2's Jessica Moore met a Manhattan home designer who knows how to target home buyers – not the ones writing the checks.
Nestled inside an $11.5 million Brooklyn Heights town home sits an unassuming superstar.
“This is a little east tepee,” says Britt Zunino, with Studio DB. “It's definitely a highlight and it's great because it also gives parents the opportunity to walk through the house while their kids are playing.”
Real estate agents and home designers like Zunino are appealing to the smallest members of a home buying family, who often have the loudest voices.
“They are little New Yorkers through and through,” she says. “The kids are very vocal about what they like and what they don't like, and they pick out their rooms. It's very interesting.”
Tepees are just the tip of the iceberg. What about a floor-through slide or removable swings suspended through the ceiling? What kid wouldn't want these?
“I think it's actually very effective,” Zunino says. “I think kids weigh in a lot on family issues and decisions now, so their contribution means a lot and parents really respect that and value that.”
Moore decided to take her theory out for a test drive.
Laris Mendel said he would be more likely to buy a house that his daughter fell in love with.
“Probably the biggest thing for me would be school district and where you're at for them to get to school, church, stuff like that,” said Mitch Thompson, of Waco, Texas. He added “it doesn't hurt” if his kids like the house.
“Buying a new house is like love at first sight. And it's very important for kids to feel good in the house,” said Jean Philippe Leoni, of Leon France. “Tents are only decorations.”
Sometimes the way to a home buyer's heart is in fact through their kids.
One potential home buyer now refers to the property as the tepee house. And it looks like they may end up making it their new home.
The Lebanon Christmas parade returned Dec. 3 with the theme “Christmas Movies Come to Life.” Participants brought their favorite Christmas movies to life.
Float themes included “How the Grinch Stole Christmas,” “The Polar Express,” “A Charlie Brown Christmas” and more.
Country music star and actress Irlene Mandrell served as the Lebanon Christmas parade's grand marshal.
The Mt. Juliet Christmas parade Saturday featured Princess Leah as its grand marshal and the theme “Christmas in a Galaxy Far, Far Away.”
Parade participants showed their enthusiasm for the theme as Princess Leah, Chewbacca, R2-D2 and Stormtrooper costumes covered the ceremonies.
Two Rivers Ford, Daybreak Riding and Girl Scout Troop 670 took home awards for their parade floats.
The annual TDS Mt. Juliet Holiday Half Marathon and 5K run preceded the parade and featured dozens of participants, many covered in Christmas attire and ornaments.
The Watertown Christmas parade continued its traditional route down Main Street on Saturday and showcased plenty of Purple Tiger pride as the Watertown Marching Band set the tone for the parade.
The parade also featured the Watertown youth cheerleaders, Girls Scout Troop 924, Watertown High School athletes and students, local businesses and churches and local and state government representatives.
The Possumtown Christmas parade Sunday continued to celebrate the holiday in the community as several floats highlighted the area's pride.
The parade also served as an opportunity for the community to help families in need in and around Sneedville in Hancock County, which has the lowest median income per household of any county in Tennessee.
A tractor-trailer was parked in downtown Possumtown across from Friendship Christian School for donations, which will still be accepted until Dec. 19.
The delivery caravan will leave Dec. 20, and deliveries to the families will be made Dec. 21 in cooperation with the Hancock County Rescue Squad.
Items needed this year include non-perishable food, winter coats and sanitary items such as soap, shampoo, toothpaste, toothbrushes, deodorant, etc.
For more information, or to make a donation, contact Jerry McFarland at 615-330-8474.
The Met Office is warning there may be more snow on the way in eastern and south Midland areas today and have extended the area and timeframe where it may fall.
A spokesman for the Met office said: "With cold conditions and some snow lying over parts of England, as well as further rain pushing in from the southeast during the second half of the night, icy stretches have formed on untreated surfaces.
"At the same time some snow will fall over parts of southeast England this morning and early afternoon as well as over parts of East Anglia in the afternoon. However, most accumulations here should be above about 100 m.
"This is only a low impact warning with impacts much less widespread and less significant than across parts of England and Wales on Sunday.
"This is an update to extend the warning into Monday afternoon, pull this a little southward and to make this a combined snow and ice warning."
PITTSBURGH (AP) — It was a familiar feeling for Terrell Suggs and the Baltimore Ravens.
The Pittsburgh Steelers, in dramatic fashion, clinched the AFC North title for the second consecutive season at home against their rivals. This time, Chris Boswell kicked a 46-yard field goal with 1:43 to play for a 39-38 comeback win against the Ravens on Sunday night.
The result was similar to a prime-time game played last Christmas when Antonio Brown's game-winning touchdown with nine seconds left carried the Steelers to victory.
“This one hurts,” Suggs said. “We lose to them the same way we did last year. … We've got to get over it.”
Baltimore has won four of the last six games in Pittsburgh, but the lone losses have come in the last two years. The Steelers, who have won eight straight since a 3-2 start, clinched their third AFC North championship in four years.
Meanwhile, the Ravens (7-6), still in the thick of the AFC playoff race, entered playing their best football of the season. They were riding a three-game winning streak and had won four of five. They scored a season-high 44 points a week earlier and put up 38 more on Sunday, but it wasn't enough against Ben Roethlisberger, Brown and the Steelers.
“We like for it to be on us instead of the offense, and defensively we feel like we let the offense down,” Ravens cornerback Marlon Humphrey said.
Baltimore led 38-36 when Pittsburgh started its final possession on its own 17-yard line with 2:25 to play. Suggs and safety Tony Jefferson combined for a sack on first down, but Pittsburgh later converted a third-and-13 when Roethlisberger found tight end Jesse James for 16 yards.
Roethlisberger later connected with Brown for 34 yards, eventually setting up Boswell's winning kick for the emotional Steelers, playing in honor of injured teammate Ryan Shazier, who sustained a serious spinal cord injury last week at Cincinnati.
Brown finished with 11 receptions for 213 yards, while Roethlisberger was 44 of 66 for 506 yards with touchdown passes to Le'Veon Bell and Roosevelt Nix.
“(Roethlisberger) won the Super Bowl two times and played in three, so he's definitely a premier quarterback,” Suggs said. “We've got to be better.”
Ravens quarterback Joe Flacco went 20 of 35 for 269 yards with touchdown tosses to Chris Moore and Patrick Ricard, along with an interception. Alex Collins rushed for 120 yards and a touchdown, and Javorius Allen also scored twice for the Ravens, who are vying for their seventh playoff berth in 10 seasons.
“We just have to swallow this one, let it go and wait for the next three games,” linebacker C.J. Mosley said. “We're still in it. We just have to make sure that we handle our business so we can try to get back ultimately for the playoffs.”
The Steelers accumulated 144 yards of total offense and scored a pair of touchdowns on their first two series, racing to an early 14-0 lead. But the Ravens recovered, outscoring Pittsburgh 31-6 — including 17-0 in the third quarter to build a 31-20 lead heading into the fourth.
The Steelers didn't punt once in the first half, but their first three drives of the second half totaled 21 yards and all ended with punts.
“We know that you can never take your foot off the gas when you're playing this team,” Baltimore safety Eric Weddle said. “We played outstanding in the third quarter, and then they just get on these runs that we can't dig ourselves out of. You can't do that against any team, let alone one of the best quarterbacks to ever do it.”
Roethlisberger led the Steelers to points on their last four possessions.
“We just didn't execute in the fourth quarter,” Suggs said. “This team is built to finish in the fourth quarter. We can't let it put a damper on our season.”
A crash involving a dump truck and police car on an interstate in Baton Rouge caused heavy delays for drivers Monday morning.
It happened on I-110 South near the Chippewa Street exit around 4:30 a.m. All lanes were reopened around 11:15 a.m.
Investigators reported the dump truck rear-ended a Baton Rouge Police Department unit.
Both the officer and truck driver suffered minor injuries, according to officials. They added both are expected to be okay.
The dump truck was carrying rocks. The crash left piles of them strewn across the interstate. I-110 South had to be closed, leading to major backups for commuters from the northern part of East Baton Rouge Parish trying to make their way to downtown Baton Rouge. The rocks had to be cleared before I-110 could be reopened.
The incident is being investigated to determine whether any charges will be filed.
Copyright 2017 WAFB. All rights reserved.
Copyright 2017 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/.
KELLY MCEVERS, HOST:
Now let's meet a person who is a citizen of no country. He is Rohingya. That's a Muslim group from mostly Buddhist Myanmar. Myanmar has persecuted Rohingya for decades. Many of them fled to neighboring Bangladesh which offers them refuge but not much hope. And that's what Michael Sullivan begins our story of one refugee who's never even seen home but wants to.
MICHAEL SULLIVAN, BYLINE: Myanmar is just a few miles away from the camp where Nur Muhammad was born. It might as well be a thousand. His family - among the first wave of Rohingya to flee persecution by Myanmar's military a long time ago.
NUR MUHAMMAD: They leave in 1991. And I borned (ph) in 1992.
SULLIVAN: Born in a hut in a camp, a stateless person and a refugee.
MUHAMMAD: I have a country. But my country denied me as a Rohingya.
SULLIVAN: The country he lives in now as a guest denies him too, though he is one of the more fortunate. He lives in one of two government-registered camps here. And that's important. Having a card issued by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, recognized by the government, offers a measure of safety denied to hundreds of thousands of other Rohingya who are here illegally in makeshift camps.
MUHAMMAD: There are many peoples, they can't move area because they haven't any document. 'Cause if the police think that he's illegal, then he gets arrested, sent to prison.
SULLIVAN: Nur Muhammad - not his real name, he's asked that we change it to protect his identity - has lived here all his life. And because he has, he can pass as Bangladeshi, enabling him to finish high school. He even has some Bangladeshi friends. But telling them he's Rohingya? That's a problem.
MUHAMMAD: I have hidden my real identity that I'm Rohingya. Otherwise they will hurt me. They will insult me like this. OK? So I - my mind is so, so, so low.
SULLIVAN: But it wears on a person living like that in the shadows, unable to work. You can see it in his eyes, hear it in his voice. There's no future here, he says.
MUHAMMAD: Not at all because I am not a citizen of Bangladesh.
SULLIVAN: And it's killing him, he says. His brain is dying. And his hair, he says, is already turning white. He wants to leave the way many young Rohingya have left Myanmar or Bangladesh - by boat.
MUHAMMAD: One of my friends stay in Thailand. He tells me, come here. I tell him just how I can? I need money. I need a passport.
SULLIVAN: He's thought of leaving before, he says, but...
MUHAMMAD: My parents also didn't allow me. I tried but they didn't allow me. So if you leave us, who looks after us? Please, don't leave us.
SULLIVAN: It's an often dangerous trip, one his 14-year-old brother tried a few years back. They haven't heard from him since and fear the worst. But it's about all Nur Muhammad has left, that and a dream about Myanmar, the home he's never been to.
MUHAMMAD: I wish for one night at that country.
SULLIVAN: Your heart wants to do that.
MUHAMMAD: Yeah.
SULLIVAN: But does your head think that's possible?
MUHAMMAD: Impossible is no word. Nothing impossible in this world. Everything is possible, you know, if you tried.
SULLIVAN: Nur Muhammad went back to his parents a few weeks ago to ask again. Go, they said, you've done enough for us. If you stay, it will be the end of you. For NPR News, I'm Michael Sullivan in Cox's Bazaar, Bangladesh.
(SOUNDBITE OF 9 LAZY 9'S "TUMBLEWEED") Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR.
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
Good Governance: S'African Academy To Honour 8 Nigerian Govs
BY BODE GBADEBO, Abuja
A leadership development organisation based in Pretoria, Leadership Academy South Africa (LASA) has nominated eight deserving state governors in Nigeria for its maiden Leadership Awards for Excellence (LAE) slated for Thursday, July 13, 2017.
According to a press release by the Nigerian partners of the event, Abuja-based Bulfol Services Venture and signed by its managing director, Mr. Segun Abdulsalam, the award ceremony, which will take place at the Heartfelt Arena in Pretoria, South Africa, is conceptualised “to recognise and reward leaders in government and business, who have distinguished themselves in different areas of good governance and leadership.”
The statement further named the awardees to include the chairman of the Nigerian Governors Forum (NGF) and Zamfara state governor, Alh. Abdulaziz Yari (Good Leadership); Ogun state governor, Senator Ibikunle Amosun (Infrastructural Development and Housing); and Abia state governor, Okezie Ikpeazu (Urban Renewal and Commerce).
Others are Kebbi state governor, Senator Abubakar Atiku Bagudu (Agriculture and Food Security); Akwa Ibom state governor, Dr. Udom Emmanuel (Good Governance); Adamawa state governor, Senator Jubrilla Bindow (Road Infrastructure and Poverty Reduction); Plateau state governor, Rt. Hon. Simon Lalong (Peace Ambassador); and Kogi state governor, Alh. Yahaya Bello (Security).
The organisers also said the international event will be televised live on the South African Broadcasting Corporation (SABC) television station for worldwide audience even as they congratulate the governor-awardees for delivering on their respective mandates in the different specified areas of development amid dwindling revenues accruing to their states.
The post Good Governance: S'African Academy To Honour 8 Nigerian Govs appeared first on leadership.ng.
This post was syndicated from leadership.ng. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The CHI Memorial Scenic City Mud Run a 5K Mud Run will be on September 1, 2018 and will benefit the Southeast Tennessee Veterans Coalition. This 5k run is an obstacle course race with mud, constructed and natural obstacles. The event will be held at Greenway Farms in Hixson, TN. Participants must be 14 years of age or older. Costumes encouraged.
She also met this reporter in her Upper East Side hotel room, wearing a red Valentino empire waist minidress with Dior motorcycle boots. Ms. Wasser, 49, said her site was not designed for everyone.
If your spouse comes home every day and beats you, she said, “this isn't for you.” Instead, she said, it's for people who think they can agree on how to divide what they've amassed together and who want control over the process. “Nobody knows our kids, our life, our finances better than we do,” she said. “So why don't we try to figure this out?”
Ms. Wasser, who has practiced family law for 23 years and is a divorced mother herself, said she was inspired to create It's Over Easy after writing her book “It Doesn't Have to Be That Way: How to Divorce Without Destroying Your Family or Bankrupting Yourself ” (2013), which advocated less-expensive, less-contentious divorces.
After receiving a positive response from readers, she thought: “Let's hit the market. Couples today date online and bank online. They don't mind putting in their assets and liabilities into a computer. They're do-it-yourselfers. If they can buy an espresso maker online, they can get divorced online.”
She is not the first to this concept. LegalZoom has offered a divorce platform called Wevorce since 2012. But it lacks the star power of Ms. Wasser, who is frequently featured in tabloid magazines as well as in Vogue for her high-stakes settlements and association with famous people. The new site, however, is intended to both democratize and civilize the experience, said Jake Stango, 39, the C.E.O. of It's Over Easy and a divorced father.
“In traditional divorces, there's a fear that your partner has a better attorney than you do,” he said. “This is gender agnostic. It's something for everyone to use. And we've taken out the sense of competition.”
It's Over Easy offers four pricing tiers, starting with a free trial, during which users can answer questions needed to generate forms, but not download them — allowing the curious to fantasize online, completing net-worth statements after they get into snits.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Once Mr. Divorce Dreamer can take it no longer, he sends an email invitation to his spouse to join the site: less jarring, perhaps, than sending a process server to her barre class. “Working with your spouse makes divorce much easier,” the online form states. “For example, issues related to kids and division of community property require that your spouse mutually agree to the terms in order to file your final judgment.” You can also include personalized messages to your soon-to-be-ex.
It's Over Easy's Basic level ($750) offers downloadable forms, a co-parenting calendar and child- and spousal-support calculators. On the Pro level ($1,500 plus state filing fees) the site serves the petition, files forms for one spouse and offers a 30-minute phone consultation for one person with a family-law consultant. Premium ($2,500 plus state filing fees) files for both spouses and offers 90 minutes of consulting, and unlimited email support. The consultants do not provide legal advice, but they answer questions related to the platform.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Of the Moment The lifestyle newsletter from the Styles, Travel and Food sections, offering the latest trends to news you can use. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
If a user wants more information about “Kids,” “Have/Owe” or “Make/Spend,” she can click on a video featuring Ms. Wasser, filmed wearing designer clothing in luxurious interiors. “Custody is based on your children's best interests,” she says from a child's bedroom.
In her New York hotel room, Ms. Wasser said the site amounted to virtual mediation. (Mediators, who typically charge far less than lawyers, have been making incursions into divorce resolution since at least the early 1980s.) “In mediation it's one unbiased person telling you the law,” Ms. Wasser said. “Our unbiased person is the artificial intelligence in the computer or somebody to talk to.”
Melanie Jacobson, 44, is a schoolteacher living in South Pasadena, Calif., who joined It's Over Easy in the summer. Her husband of 15 years said he wanted a divorce in January 2017, moved out the next day and then did nothing to initiate the legal proceedings.
In February 2017 Ms. Jacobson visited a mediator. “I nearly died when I found out how expensive it was,” she said. “It was a $5,000 initial fee. I thought, Maybe I can't afford to get divorced.”
An acquaintance of Ms. Wasser, Ms. Jacobson reached out about her situation, and got a free account last summer. As a beta tester, she interacted directly with Mr. Stango. “A couple times when I stalled making progress, Jake would send me an email and it was the nudge that I needed,” she said. “He had this analogy: ‘The next step is as easy as doing an Amazon order.' I thought, I've got this. I wanted someone to hold my hand and say, ‘Do this.' Someone I could trust to break it into bite-sized pieces.”
(Her spouse declined to be interviewed on the record.)
Ms. Jacobson's favorite part of the site is the progress tracker: a yellow series of icons that shows the percentage of progress made in each category, from Basic Info to “The Deal,” as if losing weight on a diet. “I used to laugh at conscious uncoupling,” Ms. Jacobson said. “But now I understand the concept of trying to undo something meaningful in a respectful way. This allows us to do it in a financially feasible way.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Jonathan, 50, a small-business owner in the Sherman Oaks section of Los Angeles, who did not want to give his last name because he owns a business with his soon-to-be-ex, is a few months away from his divorce. (California has a mandatory six-month waiting period.)
He and his wife of 19 years have two children and two homes. She met another man, and after trying what he calls a “love triangle” Jonathan decided they should split. Then it was a matter of how to do it.
“‘The War of the Roses' divorce was not for me,” he said. He too visited a mediator, but his wife didn't show up to the appointment, instead calling in by phone. A longtime friend of Ms. Wasser, he signed up.
He likens the site to California's online defensive-driving classes. “You can't rush through it,” he said. “You have to put a level of effort in.”
He also wanted a divorce that wouldn't be drawn out and thought the platform would be faster than lawyers or mediators. “I'd like to date again,” he said. “There are women telling me they won't date me until I'm divorced. I want to live my life.”
It's Over Easy offers a directory to paying users with listings for movers, health-insurance brokers, child therapists and more. “You need people to help you rewrite your will,” Ms. Wasser said, “in case you die in probate. You need self-tanners so you can get ready to date again, and co-parenting counselors to tell you how to handle parent-teacher conferences.”
So far there have been two completed divorces (both in California), with others awaiting processing by the court. The spring may bring a new wave of customers eager to be divorced by the end of the calendar year: any payer of spousal support who completes a divorce after Dec. 31, 2018, will no longer be able to claim the support as a deductible expense, thanks to the new tax bill.
Lest one think the site's primary market will be millennials with no children or significant assets, on its first day 30 percent of users were 35 to 44, according to analytics provided by the company, and 22 percent were 45 to 54. A quarter were 25 to 34.
Still, some are wondering if the generation that has embraced Netflix and Tinder really needs another disincentive to staying in it for the long haul.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“People ask if I'm a divorcemonger,” Ms. Wasser said. “I say, ‘Nobody is going to hear about It's Over Easy and get divorced because there's a good online platform. Divorce is happening. I'm making it easier.”
SAN DIEGO (KGTV) - Two San Diego men have a unique business uniting beer and classic cars.
Tap Truck was created by Corban O'Reilly, who adds beer taps to restored vehicles. Taylor Steers joined him, leaving behind a biotech job.
O'Reilly's Tap Trucks stop at events like the Poinsettia Bowl. More than 4,000 people were served in the stadium parking lot last year.
There are currently four Tap Trucks in the fleet but O'Reilly plans to add more.
Rufino Varela was a distraught, confused 12-year-old when he went looking for help from the school chaplain to tell him he'd been sexually abused by a mason at his family's home.
Instead of aiding, Varela says, the Rev. Finnlugh Mac Conastair took off the boy's pants, flogged him and fondled him in a room below the chapel at one of Argentina's most prestigious schools. Then, the Irish priest known by many as "Father Alfredo," offered him candy and told him that they should keep it as a secret with God.
"I had come looking for help, but I felt that it was a punishment from God," Varela said. "I came back to the classroom, holding back tears, went home and never spoke about it."
The secret was kept for nearly four decades. But in recent months, Varela's decision to break his silence has led several other former students to denounce clerical abuse at a school that has educated President Mauricio Macri and many other members of Argentina's elite.
The case is one of several that have shown the church has not been spared sexual scandals even in the home territory of Pope Francis, who has pledged a zero-tolerance policy against abuses that have rocked the church around the world.
While the pope had no connection with the abuse at the time — he led the Argentine branch of the Jesuit order with no relationship to the school — Varela said he received a call from the pontiff this year after revealing the abuse publicly.
The Cardenal Newman school was launched in Argentina in 1948 by the Christian Brothers, a religious order founded two centuries ago to focus on educating disadvantaged youth. In recent years, it has faced abuse claims at many of the schools it has opened worldwide.
At the time of Varela's 1977 encounter with Mac Conastair, the socially conservative church school had evolved into something of a refuge for children of the rich.
Varela said he decided to confront Newman authorities about the abuse after he heard that the school planned to add a crown to the lion in its coat of arms in honor of Macri, a 1976 graduate who was elected president in 2015.
"Instead of a crown, it would give me more comfort to see a whip or a crown of thorns," Varela said in a letter to the rector. "This would be in remembrance of the aberrations that many others suffered."
Varela said Newman's rector, Alberto Olivero, then met with him, offered psychological treatment and tried to dissuade him from going public with the story. The school refused to comment and referred questioners to written statements.
Frustrated at the lack of public acknowledgement, Varela said, he spoke to Argentina's La Nacion newspaper in December 2016. He also began writing about it on Facebook.
In February, his phone rang and Pope Francis was on the line. The pontiff expressed his solidarity and apologized on behalf of the church. "He told me that I needed to understand that I was a very important part of a broken link," Varela said.
The Vatican doesn't confirm or deny such calls, saying they are part of Francis' pastoral activities.
Varela said about 20 other former students have contacted him to describe similar abuse carried out by Mac Conastair, a Passionist, and by at least one Christian Brother priest at the school. At least four of the ex-students repeated accounts of witnessing or suffering abuse to The Associated Press, though it is not clear if the others had reported the incidents earlier. Both of the priests have died.
Pedro Ellis told the AP he was about 14 years old when Mac Conastair called him into his room. With the excuse of giving him a sex talk, he asked him to get naked and lie down on his bed.
"He touched my buttocks and then, he introduced one or two fingers inside my rectum," Ellis told the Associated Press.
Ellis, now 52, said that he's considering seeking compensation for the abuse.
Julio Castano said the chaplain he'd seen as "God's representative on earth" called him into his room in 1979 and fondled the then 12-year-old.
"I decided it was now time to tell it, so we can get this off our backs," said Castano, who until then, had not told anyone else publicly or informed the school.
Another former student alleged that the Brother John Derham sat him on his lap in the school library and kissed him on the mouth. A fourth ex-student, Guillermo Newbery, 68, told the AP that he witnessed Derham make students sit on his lap during his class, saying he would "caress students excessively, rubbed them and hugged them inappropriately."
Newbery said he told his parents in 1963 and they reported it to the school's Parent Association. Derham died in 1986.
After Varela spoke to the press, Olivero sent a letter addressed to the Newman community and acknowledged the abuse of at least one student 40 years ago.
A copy of the letter was posted on the school gate. Without naming anyone, it said that the Christian Brothers apologized "for the abuse that all former students could have suffered as a result of the inadequate and unjustified behavior" of the chaplain.
The head of the Christian Brothers for Latin America, Hugo Caceres, sent Varela a letter expressing "solidarity and Christian compassion" for all abuse victims.
At the time of Varela's abuse, the rector was John Burke, an Irishman who was in charge of Newman from 1979-1996. Burke was later named member of a Christian Brothers committee for safeguarding children in Europe.
Burke confirms he learned of the abuse in 1980, but said he didn't know the identity of the victim until Varela went public.
"Towards the end of the school year of 1980, I was made aware of a complaint of inappropriate behavior by the college chaplain towards a pupil whose identity was not known or revealed to me," Burke said in a statement to the AP.
It wasn't clear how Burke had learned of the case, though Varela said that he once told lay brother Desmond Finnegan, who counseled him to remain quiet about the incident and pray for the elderly chaplain.
In an odd twist, Burke said he sought advice about the case from a lawyer who turned out to be Varela's father, a judge in charge of child protection cases.
"I can understand your shock at hearing that I had spoken with your father concerning the priest," Burke wrote in a June 2016 letter to Varela. Varela said his father died without ever learning of the abuse of his son.
Burke told Varela that, "I took immediate and what I judged to be appropriate measures to ensure the safety and wellbeing of all the pupils in the school and of every person who had contact with the chaplain."
The measures included "immediate removal of the chaplain by his religious superior and the Bishop of the Diocese."
Records obtained by the AP show that Mac Conastair was transferred to the San Cayetano vicary, but it's unknown whether he had contact with other children before he died in 1997.
Clerical abuse experts say Burke's action was significant because in the 1970's there were no church rules for reporting such crimes.
"It sounds like at least John Burke took some action and the bishop forced the priest out of the school," said Maeve Lewis, executive director of victims groups One in Four. "That happened here (in Ireland) all the time and no one brought it to the attention of their bishop."
But Varela remained frustrated at the failure of Burke, the school and the Brothers to acknowledge the "abhorrent sexual and psychological abuses" in public.
"I am not the only victim of Newman School. We both know it," Varela wrote in a letter to Burke in October 2016. He also criticized for former rector for failing to mention the abuse when he spoke at an annual alumni dinner attended by Macri that month.
A video published online by Newman's alumni association five years ago, shows Burke referring to Derham as his novice master and praising him as "the most extraordinary person."
In March 2017, the church held a Mass to apologize to Varela and any other victims.
"The church has asked for pardon and I renew that request here, in my diocese, to all those people who have been victims of abuse, whether as children or youths, by members of our hierarchy," San Isidro Bishop Oscar Ojeda said in his homily.
He said church leaders have a duty to bring such cases before both civilian and canonical courts — a reference to procedures adopted in response to an avalanche of complaints that church leaders had long been too slow in responding to abuse cases.
In Argentina, two priests and three other men were arrested last year and charged with sexually abusing more about 20 students at the Antonio Provolo Institute, a school for the hearing impaired. One of the priests had been accused of abusing students at Provolo's Verona, Italy, school, and was even identified to Francis as an abuser in a letter in 2014, but no action was taken against him by the Vatican.
The Champagnat school founded by the Marist Brothers in downtown Buenos Aires recently reported that a lay brother allegedly abused a former student 38 years ago. The elite school, whose alumni include former Argentina President Fernando de la Rua, said the brother had carried out directorial duties at the school over the last decade. It said an investigation had been launched and that the person, who was not named, had been sent to a nursing home for "old and sick brothers."
Varela said he expects more from the church.
"You ask yourself: Why are these people still free?" Varela said.
——
Associated Press writer Nicole Winfield in the Vatican contributed to this report.
According to FierceWireless, Sprint CEO Marcelo Claure noted during the call that his company is working with Qualcomm to launch the first "truly mobile" 5G network in the US by the first half of 2019. This moves Sprint's original plans up a bit. In comparison, AT&T plans to launch 5G service in 12 cities this year, while Verizon has plans to do so in the second half of 2018. T-Mobile doesn't plan to roll its own 5G service out until 2020. VentureBeat also reports that Sprint will have to increase prices to $70 or $80 for unlimited 5G data, which would bring it more in line with its competitors.
It's reasonable to presume that the VW entry will smash the record for a production-grade electric car, which Faraday Future set at 11 minutes and 25 seconds with a prototype FF91 sedan.
VW isn't shy about why it's fielding the EV at the Pikes Peak race on June 24th: it's about showing "what is possible in motorsport with an electric drivetrain." It's also a big opportunity to advertise VW's shift to electric cars, for that matter. The concern is whether or not anything learned from creating the I.D. R Pikes Peak will translate to everyday designs. It could help VW keep its cars at maximum performance, but there's a good possibility this is more symbolic than practical.
Gloria Estefan paid tribute to her late mother, Gloria Fajardo, Tuesday night. She took to social media to announce that her mom had passed away at age 88.
The singer shared this photo on Instagram and said that her mom died peacefully and was surrounded by family and friends. She wrote, “I know it was exactly the way she would have wanted her departure from this earth to be, surrounded by love and the true representations of everyone that was special to her in life.”
Estefan has been posting photos of her mom recently and updating everyone on her health. She also canceled a show in Napa Valley set for July 15 to be by her mom's side.
Meanwhile, Estefan's daughter, Emily, has been showing us that music does run in their family, with videos of her and her grandma rapping. Emily even gave her grandma the name of “Rapuela.”
Estefan closed out her post with a heartwarming message. She wrote, “I will miss her every moment of every day and I thank her for being the incredible mother, woman and role model that she was to so many people. Thank you for your prayers and messages, and the love and concern that filled our hearts and accompanied us throughout this most difficult time.”
In other entertainment news, Erin Andrews reveals that she's going through IVF:
Read more from Yahoo Celebrity:
Olonisakin visits injured troops in Chad – The Nation Newspaper
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from World - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — A failed attempt to sneak into Japan to visit Disneyland in 2001 may have doomed the leadership dreams of the half-brother of North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un, who was assassinated this week in an airport in Malaysia.
Banished from his dictator father's favor, the exiled Kim Jong Nam frequented casinos, five-star hotels and traveled around Asia, with little say in North Korean affairs. That ended Monday when he was killed in the Kuala Lumpur International Airport. Officials in South Korea say they believe the attack was carried out by North Korean agents.
Despite multiple reported assassination attempts over the years, Kim Jong Nam was still a member of the most important family in North Korea, a direct blood descendent of North Korea founder Kim Il Sung.
Estranged for years from his relatives, the 45-year-old gambler and playboy played a key, if complicated role in the dynasty that has ruled for three generations since North Korea's foundation in 1948.
Here's a look:
__
PARENTS
Kim Jong Nam is the eldest son of Kim Jong Il, the second member of the Kim family to rule North Korea. Kim Jong Il had three known sons with two different women. Jong Nam was born from his father's unofficial relationship with North Korean actress Sung Hae Rim.
Kim Jong Il forced Sung to divorce her first husband and live with him, but Kim Il Sung — the first leader of North Korea and Kim Jong Il's father — never accepted Sung as his daughter-in-law. Kim Jong Il reportedly kept Kim Jong Nam's 1971 birth a secret from his father for several years. Sung was reportedly forced to leave North Korea and died in Moscow in 2002.
Despite his mother's exile, some foreign experts believed that Kim Jong Nam would end up inheriting power because of a traditional Korean value system that favors the eldest son as heir.
Unlike his mother, Kim Jong Nam eventually won the affection of his grandfather, who died in 1994, according to South Korean media reports.
__
BROTHERS AND SISTERS
Kim Jong Nam's two younger brothers share a mother: Kim Jong Il's Japan-born mistress, the dancer Ko Yong Hui.
Ko's links to Japan, which colonized the Korean Peninsula in the early part of the 20th century, led some to believe that Kim Jong Nam would outpace his siblings in the succession race. Ko immigrated to North Korea in the 1960s from Japan, where she had lived among the ethnic Korean minority. She died in Paris in 2004.
Kim Jong-un eventually won the succession race and became the North's supreme leader in late 2011 upon the death of his father. Believed to be in his early 30s, Kim Jong-un has carried out a series of high-profile executions and purges, and outside experts say few can now challenge his rule.
Kim Jong Nam's other half-brother, Kim Jong Chol, was once viewed by some outsiders as a potential candidate for leader. But a former sushi chef of Kim Jong Il said the late leader derided the middle son, known as a huge fan of rock guitarist Eric Clapton, as "girlish."
The brothers also had at least two known sisters. One is Kim Yo Jong, who shares a mother with Kim Jong-un and who is currently working as a top propaganda official.
Another sister, Kim Sol Song, was born from Kim Jong Il's relationship with another woman, Kim Yong Sok. There has been little information about Kim Sol Song, but unconfirmed rumors in the South say she is being detained.
__
AUNT AND UNCLE
Kim Jong Nam's aunt, Kim Kyong Hui, is Kim Jong Il's younger sister. She was reportedly behind the expulsion of Kim Jong Nam's mother to the then Soviet Union in the 1970s. Kim Kyong Hui and her husband Jang Song Thaek then acted as Kim Jong Nam's caretaker.
But Jong Nam gradually lost favor with his father. He reportedly spent too much money at a Pyongyang hotel and made wild shopping excursions to China. When he was detained in Tokyo for trying to enter the country with a fake Dominican passport, he sported a diamond-encrusted Rolex watch and carried wads of cash.
Kim Kyong Hui and Jang were believed to have played a major role in grooming Kim Jong-un as the next leader. After Kim Jong-un took power, the two initially enjoyed great power. Jang was seen as the country's No.2 until he was stripped of all posts and executed in a sudden purge for alleged treason in 2013. Kim Kyong Hui, who was reportedly seriously ill, disappeared from the public eye.
__
Follow Hyung-jin Kim on Twitter at twitter.com/hyungjin1972
Galveston, TX (77553)
Today
Thunderstorms likely. High 79F. Winds light and variable. Chance of rain 100%..
Tonight
Some clouds. A stray shower or thunderstorm is possible. Low 78F. Winds ESE at 10 to 15 mph.
In a shocking incident, a woman was shot dead inside a police station in Mainpuri district of Uttar Pradesh on Tuesday morning.
According to sources, the victim had gone to police station to lodge a complaint in a land dispute case and suddenly five men barged into the police station and one of them fired at her.
The woman was immediately taken to the hospital where she was declared brought dead.
The accused was later nabbed by the locals and lynched to death in front of the cops, following which a ruckus was created inside the police station.
The Superintendent of Police of Mainpuri area said that an FIR has been registered and a quick action would be taken against those who violated the law.
“He's just tired,” Presidential Spokesperson Ernesto Abella said on Thursday, dismissing claims that President Rodrigo Duterte has serious medical condition after skipping the Independence Day flag-raising activity.
READ: Duterte skips Independence Day rites at Luneta
Abella said the President was just “taking some time off to rejuvenate” given his “brutal” schedule.
ADVERTISEMENT
“The President is well. The President just needs… after all, you have to consider that he has been on the road for at least 23 days in fulfilling his martial law supervision. So it has been really brutal so we have to allow him this time of rest,” he told reporters in a Palace briefing.
He said Duterte was having his private time at Bahay Pangarap in Malacañang.
The 72-year-old President was last seen in public on Sunday, June 11, during the arrival ceremony for eight of the 13 marines slain in the fighting in Marawi.
He also visited the wake of two slain marines held at the Philippine Marines headquarters in Fort Bonifacio.
Duterte was supposed to lead the 119th Independence Day rites at the Rizal Monument in Luneta but skipped the event.
Abella said he could not give a definite date as to when the President would make his public appearance.
“Well, you know, he is taking some time off. I cannot really give you definite date but he's just taking some time off to rejuvenate. Let's just put it this way, that he's resting for some time,” he said.
The Palace official said the Chief Executive spending most of his time resting.
ADVERTISEMENT
Asked whether he has consulted with a doctor, he said, “I am sure he has checked with his own experts.”
“I am saying that there is nothing to worry about in terms of sickness. But what I am saying is that considering the schedule that he has given, he needs to rest. You do need to rest, don't you?” he said. JPV
SHANGHAI — On April 6, Ivanka Trump's company won provisional approval from the Chinese government for three new trademarks, giving it monopoly rights to sell Ivanka brand jewelry, bags and spa services in the world's second-largest economy. That night, the first daughter and her husband, Jared Kushner, sat next to the president of China and his wife for a steak and Dover sole dinner at Mar-a-Lago.
The scenario underscores how difficult it is for Trump, who has tried to distance herself from the brand that bears her name, to separate business from politics in her new position at the White House.
As the first daughter crafts a political career from her West Wing office, her brand is flourishing, despite boycotts and several stores limiting her merchandise. U.S. imports, almost all of them from China, shot up an estimated 166 per cent last year, while sales hit record levels in 2017. The brand, which Trump still owns, says distribution is growing. It has launched new activewear and affordable jewelry lines and is working to expand its global intellectual property footprint. In addition to winning the approvals from China, Ivanka Trump Marks LLC applied for at least nine new trademarks in the Philippines, Puerto Rico, Canada and the U.S. after the election.
The commercial currents of the Trump White House are unprecedented in modern American politics, ethics lawyers say. They have created an unfamiliar landscape riven with ethical pitfalls, and forced consumers and retailers to wrestle with the unlikely passions now inspired by Ivanka Trump's mid-market collection of ruffled blouses, shifts and wedges.
Using the prestige of government service to build a brand is not illegal. But criminal conflict of interest law prohibits federal officials, like Trump and her husband, from participating in government matters that could impact their own financial interest or that of their spouse. Some argue that the more her business broadens its scope, the more it threatens to encroach on the ability of two trusted advisers to deliver credible counsel to the president on core issues like trade, intellectual property, and the value of the Chinese currency.
“Put the business on hold and stop trying to get trademarks while you're in government,” advised Richard Painter, who served as chief White House ethics lawyer under George W. Bush.
To address ethical concerns, Trump has shifted the brand's assets to a family-run trust valued at more than $50 million and pledged to recuse herself from issues that present conflicts.
“Ivanka will not weigh in on business strategy, marketing issues, or the commercial terms of agreements,” her attorney, Jamie Gorelick, said in a statement. “She has retained authority to direct the trustees to terminate agreements that she determines create a conflict of interest or the appearance of one.”
In a recent interview with CBS News, Trump argued that her business would be doing even better if she hadn't moved to Washington and placed restrictions on her team to ensure that “any growth is done with extreme caution.”
China, however, remains a nagging concern. “Ivanka has so many China ties and conflicts, yet she and Jared appear deeply involved in China contacts and policy. I would never have allowed it,” said Norman Eisen, who served as chief White House ethics lawyer under Barack Obama. “For their own sake, and the country's, Ivanka and Jared should consider stepping away from China matters.”
Instead, the first daughter and her husband have emerged as prominent interlocutors with China, where they have both had significant business ties. Last year, Kushner pursued hundreds of millions of dollars in real estate investments from Anbang Insurance Group, a financial conglomerate with close ties to the Chinese state. After media reports about the deal, talks were called off.
Publicly, Ivanka has taken a gracious, charming approach toward Beijing. During the Mar-a-Lago meetings, her daughter, 5-year-old Arabella stood in a gilded room and sang a traditional Chinese song, in Mandarin, for China's president, Xi Jinping. The video, which was lavishly praised by Chinese state media, played over 2.2 million times on China's popular news portal qq.com.
The week of the summit, 3.4 tons of Ivanka Trump handbags, wallets and blouses arrived in the U.S. from Hong Kong and Shanghai. U.S. imports of her merchandise grew an estimated 40 per cent in the first quarter of this year, according to Panjiva Inc., which maintains and analyzes global shipping records.
Painter, the former Bush administration lawyer, recommended full recusal from issues related to trade with China. That is likely to be difficult because trade is so deeply embedded in the US-China relationship and has been linked with other matters, like North Korea.
“The danger is that with any discussion with the Chinese, one party or the other may try to bring up trade,” he said. “That's a slippery slope that may require her or Jared to step out of the room.”
Gorelick, Ivanka Trump's attorney, said that Ivanka and her husband would steer clear of specific areas that could impact her business, or be seen as conflicts of interest, but are under no legal obligation to step back from huge swaths of policy, like trade with China.
Under the rules, Trump would recuse herself from conversations about duties on clothing imported from China, Gorelick said, but not broad foreign policy.
“In between, you have to assess it case-by-case,” she said.
Trademarks can be signs of corporate ambition, though many countries — such as China, where trademark squatting is rampant — also allow for defensive filings to prevent copycats from using a brand.
Trademarks pose ethical, and possibly legal, implications for government employees because they are granted by foreign states and confer the monopoly right to sell branded product in a particular country — an entitlement that can be enormously valuable. Intellectual property lawyers say trademarks are also a crucial prerequisite for cutting licensing deals, which form the basis of both Ivanka and Donald Trump's global business strategy.
Today, Ivanka Trump Marks LLC has 16 registered trademarks in China and 32 pending applications, along with a total of four marks granted preliminary approval since the inauguration, according to China's Trademark Office. Altogether, they cover a wide range of goods and services, including cosmetics, jewelry, leather handbags, luggage, clothes, shoes, retail, spa and beauty services. There is no sign the recent approvals were particularly swift. China's Trademark Office did not respond to a request for comment.
Globally, the company has more than 180 pending and registered trademarks in countries including Canada, India, Japan, Israel, Mexico, Turkey, Saudi Arabia, as well as the U.S. and Europe, public records show. In December, the company applied for five trademarks, covering handbags and wallets in Puerto Rico, and lingerie and other clothes in the U.S. After the inauguration, the company filed four more applications, for branded clothing and shoes in the Philippines, and perfume and other items in Canada.
Trump did not sign off on the new trademark applications, her brand said in a statement, adding that they are “not necessarily an indication that the brand is planning to launch a category or a store in a specific territory.”
Whatever the future plans, right now sales are growing — helped, some argue, by the glow of Ivanka Trump's political rise.
The G-III Apparel Group Ltd., which makes Ivanka Trump clothes, said net sales for the collection increased by $17.9 million during the year that ended Jan. 31.
The brand itself claims revenues rose 21 per cent last year, with early February seeing some of the “best performance ever,” according to a statement by Abigail Klem, president of the Ivanka Trump brand. Because it is privately held, the brand does not have to declare its earnings or where revenues come from. The actual corporate structure of Trump's retail business remains opaque. Kushner's financial disclosure form lists two dozen corporate entities that appear directly related to his wife's brand. Trump herself has yet to file a disclosure.
Data from Lyst, a massive fashion e-commerce platform, indicates some of this growth coincided with specific political events.
The number of Ivanka Trump items sold through Lyst was 46 per cent higher the month her father was elected president than in November 2015. Sales spiked 771 per cent in February over the same month last year, after White House counsellor Kellyanne Conway exhorted Fox viewers to “Go buy Ivanka's stuff.” Conway was later reprimanded. The bounce appears somewhat sustained. March sales on Lyst were up 262 per cent over the same period last year.
“You can't separate Ivanka from her role in life and from her business,” said Allen Adamson, founder of BrandSimpleConsulting. “Her celebrity status is now not only being fueled by her wealth and her family connection, but by her huge role in the White House. All that buzz is hardwired to her products.” That, he added, is a competitive advantage other brands just can't match — though it does come with risk.
Things could easily cut the other way for the first daughter. Ashley King, 28 of Calabasas, California, bought Ivanka Trump black flats and a cardigan several years ago. But King, who voted for Hillary Clinton, said she believes Trump's role in the White House represents a conflict of interest.
“This is bothering me more and more,” she said. As for the Ivanka Trump items in her closet, she said, “I will be donating them.”
---
AP reporter Catherine Lucey in Washington, researcher Fu Ting in Shanghai, and reporters Danica Coto in San Juan, Puerto Rico, Teresa Cerojano in Manila and Elaine Kurtenbach in Tokyo contributed to this report.
Wofai Samuel goes international, chairs Ministerial panel for the Belarus-Africa forum
International media personality, Wofai Samuel has continued to do her bit in drawing the attention of the rest of the world to Africa.
The latest was a two-day Belarus-Africa Forum with the theme: New Frontiers, organized by the Development Bank of Belarus and African Export-Import Bank, in collaboration with the Belarus Ministry of Foreign Affairs with the support of the Belarus Ministry of Agriculture, was held in Belarus – Minsk.
The forum had in attendance dignitaries from both African and European countries who were selected from various walks of life.
Nigeria's Wofai Samuel, engaged ministers and prime ministers in an objective but very detailed and frank conversation which was segmented in two phases and lasted over two hours.
Samuel who was the moderator asked about the growth and development opportunities offered by the Eurasia union Africa partnership, asking them to highlight steps that should be taken to seize advantage of these opportunities because the market is dynamic.
Valentin Rybakov, Vice Minister for Foreign Affairs of Belarus, said that his country believed that the time had come to enhance relations with Africa and identified the areas of common interest to include agriculture, land development, industrialization and public development.
He said that with the increased Belarusian focus on Africa, the country's trade with the continent had grown from almost no value a few years ago to current annual figures running into millions of dollars.
Some notable dignitaries that graced the forum are; Mr Sergey Terentiev, Deputy Director of Africa and middle east department of foreign Affairs. His Excellency, Mr. Anatoly Kaklinin – Vice prime minister of the Republic of Belarus. Mr Leonid Zayats, minister of agriculture and food republic of Belarus. His Excellency Mr Valentin Rybakov, vice minister of foreign affairs. Dr Benedict Oramah, President of the African Export Import Bank. Mr Sergei Roumas – Chairman of the Development Bank, Republic of Belarus. Mr Dzmitry Kuliashou , Deputy Director International Business Department , Development Bank Republic of Belarus. Dr. Hippolyte Fofack Chief Economist Afrexum Bank among others.
In all, Wofai Samuel visited four countries namely: Russia, Ukraine, Turkey and Belarus to celebrate a successful hosting of the forum.
The post Wofai Samuel goes international, chairs Ministerial panel for the Belarus-Africa forum appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
AP Photo/Thibault Camus
SANTO DOMINGO, Dominican Republic (AP) — In the opening scenes of the latest Vin Diesel action movie, troops in the Dominican Republic chase the hero through a rainforest and down a twisty mountain road. But in real life, the government is doing all it can to welcome the Hollywood star – or anyone else who wants to produce a film in this Caribbean country.
The filming here of some scenes from “xXx: Return of Xander Cage” is a sign of progress in efforts to persuade the film industry to use the Dominican Republic's lush mountains, white-sand beaches and colonial architecture as a backdrop.
“Now, we are on the map,” said Yvette Marichal, director of a government agency created in 2010 to woo film production companies to the country and to regulate their activities here.
Marichal spoke in a recent interview after returning from the Cannes Film Festival, where her agency had a pavilion promoting the country's varied landscape along with tax breaks and other incentives to lure companies from other destinations, including other parts of the Caribbean or the U.S.
Besides the Vin Diesel action flick, which grossed more than $300 million at the box office this year, the country's film credits have grown to include last year's Netflix production “True Memoirs of an International Assassin,” as well as “47 Meters Down,” which stars Mandy Moore and opens in the U.S. on Friday.
There are small-screen offerings as well, including the Turkish version of the competition series “Survivor,” which moved from the Philippines to the Dominican Republic's Samana area in the north, as well as the Greek version of the same program, which is moving from Argentina's Patagonian region, and a Swedish production of “The Bachelor.”
All or part of 45 foreign productions, including full-length movies, documentaries and reality TV shows, were filmed here last year. There were another 20 full-length movies for the domestic market, compared to three in 2010.
In the past, the country played host to some notable films. Parts of “Apocalypse Now” were filmed here as were scenes in “Godfather II” representing Cuba. In the 2006 movie adaptation of “Miami Vice,” the Dominican Republic stood in for Haiti, the other country occupying the island of Hispaniola. Those occasional productions inspired former President Leonel Fernandez, who was looking for ways to diversify the economy and bring jobs to the country of more than 10 million.
“That bit of investment in the Dominican Republic without any type of incentives motivated the president,” said Omar de la Cruz, who served on an advisory board that helped launch a more concerted effort to attract the film industry.
In 2010, the government established tax credits for productions costing at least $500,000 and exemptions on such things as import duties for audiovisual equipment. The movie “A Dark Truth,” starring Andy Garcia, was the first to take advantage of the new law in 2011.
In addition to the incentives and marketing, universities in the Dominican Republic began offering courses to provide the technical skills that production companies could use to find the local production and technical workers they are required to hire under the law. In 2013, the prominent Vicini family opened Lantica Media, which operates what it describes as the Caribbean's most modern studio and sound stage facilities in a partnership with Britain's Pinewood Studios.
Among the movies that Lantica Media worked on is “xXx: Return of Xander Cage,” which required hiring 300 local people with technical skills, providing valuable experience for them to work in future major productions, said Rafael Nunez, a production director at the company's location in San Pedro de Macoris on the southern coast. The facilities were also used in “47 Meters Down” and “True Memoirs of an International Assassin.”
Marichal credits some of the success to the country's varied landscape. “It is incredible how we have almost all ecosystems on this little island,” she said. “The only thing we lack is snow but for that we have studios.”
The benefits are difficult to measure, but Marichal's office says that film production in 2016 injected nearly $87 million into the economy and created 4,000 direct jobs. Most lucrative for the country are the long-running reality TV series, which bring crews staying six months or more at a time. There is also the benefit of promoting the country, already among the Caribbean's top tourist destinations.
“It encourages me to see how much the Dominican Republic has achieved in so little time,” Marichal said.
Comments
comments
Following the update, Consumer Reports found that the Model 3 consistently stopped in 133 feet and the brake improvements allowed the car's overall score to be high enough to garner a recommendation. "I've been at CR for 19 years and tested more than 1,000 cars," Jake Fisher, director of auto testing at Consumer Reports, said in a statement, "and I've never seen a car that could improve its track performance with an over-the-air update." Tesla told Consumer Reports that its software was tweaked to adapt to changes in use and different environmental conditions.
The publication had other issues with the Model 3, however, including wind noise, stiff ride quality and concerns over the touchscreen interface. In an interview with Consumer Reports, Musk said Model 3s now have different window glass that reduces wind noise as well as new suspension dampers that should ease the reported stiff ride. Additionally, the company has been changing some of the vehicle's controls so that users don't have to always go through the touchscreen while driving.
By Fungai Lupande
A police officer stole a friend's payslip and national identity card and used the documents to get a mobile phone on credit from G-Tel, worth $420. Constable Edmore Mushaya, who is stationed at Zimbabwe Republic Police Commercial Crimes Unit (CCU), appeared before Harare magistrate Mr Elisha Singano yesterday.
He was remanded to January 10 on $50 bail. The prosecutor Ms Linda Gadzikwa is alleging that on November 4 this year, Mushaya stole Constable Lloyd Chitombo's payslip and national identity card.
He allegedly approached a G-Tel agent Kim Koti who was selling mobile phones at ZRP Harare Central Police Station.
Using the particulars, Mushaya indicated that he wanted to buy a mobile phone on credit. The court heard that he was photographed as per requirement and the information was served into G-Tel system.
Following the transaction, $35 was to be deducted through the Salary Service Bureau (SSB) for a year starting in December.
It is alleged that on November 29 Chitombo visited G-Tel offices wanting to buy a mobile phone on credit.
The fraudulent transaction was discovered and the matter was reported to the police. Chitombo almost lost $420. The Herald
April 13: Hajdu's department provides her with speaking points should she be asked about the issue during question period. At the back of the document is a mention of the Canadian Centre for Bio-Ethical Reform: its project number from 2016, the amount of approved funding ($69,750), the amount paid ($56,695) and the number of jobs created (16). Additional information has been blacked out of the documents because officials say it could cause financial harm to the Canadian Centre for Bio-Ethical Reform. There is no mention of new eligibility requirements.
Dec. 8: Hajdu's officials provide her with another list of speaking points for question period, this time specifically about the new declaration. Officials recommend that she say the declaration "is consistent with individual human rights in Canada, charter rights and case law" and the Liberals' "commitment to human rights, which include women's rights and women's reproductive rights, and the rights of gender-diverse and transgender Canadians."
Dec. 19: Hajdu's department produces a set of media lines for the opening of applications for the Canada Summer Jobs program, as well as a set of questions and answers. The new attestation requirement isn't mentioned in the document. An applicant's guide is also released. The guide says that sexual and reproductive rights includes "the right to access safe and legal abortions." The guide says the point of the new rules is to prevent federal funding "from flowing to organizations whose mandates or projects may not respect individual human rights."
2018
Jan. 30: Hajdu's department crafts an updated set of media lines now that the application period has been extended by a week. One of the reasons was due to "recently provided supplementary information to address questions about what constitutes eligible and ineligible organizations, an organization's core mandate and defining respect of individual human rights under the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms."
Feb. 27: Hajdu's department crafts an updated set of media lines after applications close. The documents note the number of applications is on par with 2017, that demand exceeds the available budget and also addresses the new eligibility rules. Are religious organizations ineligible? "No. ... Applicants are not asked to provide their views, beliefs or values as these are not taken into consideration during application for the program." Are religious groups being treated differently? "No. ... Faith based groups are required to meet the same eligibility criteria as any applicant."
March 21: A group of religious organizations meet Hajdu about the eligibility criteria. One week later, the group releases a joint letter about the summer jobs requirements, saying it is "extremely disappointed" the Liberals won't change the wording faith-based groups find problematic. Hajdu tells them she's open to further clarifying the intent of the language, but there doesn't appear to be a promise that the wording around reproductive rights in particular would be removed.
April 24: Hajdu announces the launch of jobs being funded through the 2018 version of the program, noting there are 3,000 first-time employers, that applications are on par with last year, and that hundreds of faith-based groups have received funding this year — meaning they marked the "I attest" box.
By The Canadian Press
CINCINNATI (AP) — Police near Cincinnati say the mother of a 10-month-old girl sat her down in a car seat on a driveway and then apparently forgot she was there and backed a vehicle over the child, who later died.
Police say it appears to be a tragic accident that occurred midday Tuesday in Union Township, just east of Cincinnati in Clermont County.
Township police say the woman left her younger child on the driveway while tending to an older child in the vehicle, then started to drive and hit the younger child. Police say the girl was rushed by helicopter to a children's hospital but died Tuesday evening.
Investigators haven't publicly identified the family involved. The incident remains under investigation.
HALIFAX — A weatherman says he got more than he bargained for during a recent trip to a Costco in Halifax after finding a live scorpion in a bag of bananas.
Nathan Coleman, a reporter for The Weather Network, says he was unloading groceries when his 11-year-old daughter spotted something squirming in a plastic bag.
Coleman says he dismissed the rustling until his mother put the bananas away and noticed the barb-tailed insect.
He says he double-bagged the scorpion and drove to the Nova Scotia Museum of Natural History, where it has been jarred for observation.
Coleman says a warehouse manager has apologized to him and says Costco is looking into the incident, but he thinks the product should be pulled from the shelves in the interest of safety.
He says he's hoping to find out whether the scorpion is venomous and how it was able to journey thousands of kilometres.
SPENCER, Mass. (AP) — Firefighters in Massachusetts responded to a fast food restaurant over the weekend to free a young girl who got stuck in the playground.
The Telegram & Gazette reports that firefighters responded to a McDonald's in Spencer at around 8 p.m. Sunday.
Firefighters say they needed a ladder to reach the girl, who was stuck 10 to 12 feet (3 to 4 meters) in the air. Police say it took a cutting tool and about 30 minutes to free her.
Police think the girl suffered a dislocated knee. She was taken to a hospital for treatment.
Her name and age were not released, and it is unclear how she became trapped.
___
Information from: Telegram & Gazette (Worcester, Mass.), http://www.telegram.com
Following the update, Consumer Reports found that the Model 3 consistently stopped in 133 feet and the brake improvements allowed the car's overall score to be high enough to garner a recommendation. "I've been at CR for 19 years and tested more than 1,000 cars," Jake Fisher, director of auto testing at Consumer Reports, said in a statement, "and I've never seen a car that could improve its track performance with an over-the-air update." Tesla told Consumer Reports that its software was tweaked to adapt to changes in use and different environmental conditions.
The publication had other issues with the Model 3, however, including wind noise, stiff ride quality and concerns over the touchscreen interface. In an interview with Consumer Reports, Musk said Model 3s now have different window glass that reduces wind noise as well as new suspension dampers that should ease the reported stiff ride. Additionally, the company has been changing some of the vehicle's controls so that users don't have to always go through the touchscreen while driving.
Arvind Kejriwal said that CJI stating that the real power must lie with the elected government is a victory for the people of Delhi. In the verdict read out by CJI Dipak Misra, he said that the Constitution has no place for anarchy and L-G Anil Baijal must work harmoniously with the elected government.
Arvind Kejriwal said that CJI stating that the real power must lie with the elected government is a victory for the people of Delhi
Lauding the verdict given by CJI Dipak Misra over who gets to be the boss of Delhi, CM Arvind Kejriwal said that CJI stating that the real power must lie with the elected government is a victory for the people of Delhi. In the verdict read out by CJI Dipak Misra, he said that the Constitution has no place for anarchy and L-G Anil Baijal must work harmoniously with the elected government. Delhi Chief Minister Kejriwal further termed the verdict by the 5-bench judge as a victory of democracy.
Joining the chorus, Deputy Chief Minister of Delhi, Manish Sisodia said that it was a landmark judgement. Hinting that projects won't be stalled and work will be completed much before the allotted time, Sisodia said that the verdict by Supreme Court states that the AAP government is no more entitled to send files to L-G for his approval. He further termed the verdict as a victory for democracy.
Its a landmark judgement by Supreme Court. Now Delhi Govt will not have to send their files to LG for approval, now work will not be stalled. I thank the SC, its a big win for democracy Manish Sisodia,Delhi Deputy Chief Minister pic.twitter.com/U2Pa3jDkSz — ANI (@ANI) July 4, 2018
Commenting on the verdict by CJI Dipak Misra that restored the balance of power in Delhi, former Attorney General of India, Soli Sorabjee said that the daily squabbles between L-G and state government is not good for the state so the verdict by the Supreme Court is good as L-G and government will now be working harmoniously for the betterment of Delhi.
Its a good verdict by Supreme Court. LG and Delhi Govt have to work harmoniously,can't always have confrontation. Daily squabbles are not good for democracy. I welcome the decision: Soli Sorabjee,former Attorney General of India pic.twitter.com/pmeMyoNUnR — ANI (@ANI) July 4, 2018
BJP MP Subramanian Swamy said that the verdict was correct but still L-G Anil Baijal has the power to oppose any anti-national security or anti-constitutional decision which these Naxalite type people are capable of taking.
Yes what SC said is correct that LG must respect Delhi cabinet decisions, but if any anti national security or anti constitutional decision is taken,which they are capable of taking, as they are Naxalite type people, then LG can oppose: Subramanian Swamy,BJP MP pic.twitter.com/5fdKJ0KueU — ANI (@ANI) July 4, 2018
On the other hand, hitting out at the Delhi-ruled AAP, former Delhi CM Sheila Dikshit said that Congress ruled the national capital for 15 years and no such conflicts took place then. She further welcomed the verdict by the Supreme Court and said that as per Article 239 (AA) of the Constitution, Delhi is not a state but a UT. She added that if L-G and AAP don't work together, it will result in problems for the people of Delhi.
I think what SC has said is very clear. As per Article 239 (AA) of the Constitution, Delhi is not a state,it is a UT.If Delhi Govt&LG don't work together then Delhi will face problems. Congress ruled Delhi for 15 years, no conflict took place then: Sheila Dikshit, Former Delhi CM pic.twitter.com/UhRLmovOKN — ANI (@ANI) July 4, 2018
For all the latest National News, download NewsX App
Read More
One of college basketball's most fascinating NCAA tournaments ever is just getting started and we've got a lot to discuss early this week. Here are three Monday morning thoughts on some bad pundit takes, the UK-KSU matchup and the SEC's weekend reality check. Go premium at Cats Illustrated and get the latest on UK football and basketball recruiting, comprehensive team coverage and membership on the largest, most active premium UK forum online.
UK Athletics
They all count the same. There have already been some pundits hinting or saying outright that Kentucky's run to the Sweet 16 is somehow less significant because the road hasn't been brutal. This is obviously nonsense and probably doesn't warrant a response. Tournament wins count the same regardless of what the other team is seeded. One point has gone unmentioned, however. This Kentucky team's best resume point going into the tournament was that it didn't have any bad losses during the 2017-18 regular season. When you look around the country and see Michigan State losing to Syracuse or North Carolina losing to Texas A&M, it's just worth remembering that Kentucky won the vast majority of its games against teams like that - borderline tournament teams. Success in college sports is relative to how everyone else is performing. There's something to be said for being the team that isn't losing to those lower-seeded teams.
Early matchup thoughts. We'll explore the Kentucky-Kansas State matchup in much greater length as the week progresses but on paper it looks like the Wildcats of the SEC should feel pretty good about how they match up with the Wildcats of the Big XII. KenPom rates K-State as the No. 36 adjusted defense in the country. That means they can "D" up pretty well, but Kentucky has played a dozen games against teams that rank higher in those defensive efficiency rankings. Yes, they've lost some of them. But those were either on the road or against teams with more gifted offensive arsenals. Kentucky has sometimes been susceptible to teams pounding the offensive glass and scoring second chance points. But K-State is one of the worst offensive rebounding teams in the country. Now throw in the fact that forward Dean Wade missed K-State's three most recent games - even though he says he'll play against UK, he's likely to have some rust to shake off and may be less than 100-percent - and in what should be a home game, in "Catlanta," Kentucky has the edge on paper. In fact, it's a little surprising UK opened as just a 5.5-point favorite.
Welcome to the weekend. Super Bowl Sunday is upon us. So get those wings ordered if you need to or get thee to a grocery store to grab ingredients for your favorite nachos (I am fond of these “highbrow” nachos, but I've got friends in low places, too). If football is not your thing, and even if it is, here are some articles to exercise your brain. Read on!
Photo
Our chief film critics have chosen essential movies from the 20th century that convey the larger history of black Americans in cinema. Arts
_____
Photo
Fueled by pent-up demand for both outside views and local authors, Kabul book publishers and sellers are flourishing — and feeding a need for escape. International
_____
Photo
In male figure skating, names seem to come and go faster and faster. Partly for this reason, Jason Brown is the only familiar face from the 2014 men's American Olympic team. That he has managed to remain one of the world's most popular and competitive skaters while having never landed a clean quad in competition speaks to his unique position in the sport, but his struggles with it are also what ultimately put him in this year's Games, which start next week, as a first alternate. Magazine
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
_____
Video
How did commuting in New York City become such a nightmare? Our transit reporters tell you, with an assist from some great visuals and even a song. Video
Puducherry Cheif Minister V Narayanasamy said that the Supreme Court's decision on power tussle in Delhi is applicable for his Union Territory as well. The CM warned L-G Kiran Bedi of contempt if she failed to comply with the judgement.
Giving warning to Kiran Bedi, the CM V Narayanasamy said he would file a contempt petition if Bedi didn't work in accordance with the Supreme Court's order.
Upbeat after Supreme Court's verdict on power tussle between the Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal and L-G Anil Baijal, Puducherry Cheif Minister V Narayanasamy said that the same is applicable for his Union Territory.
The comments have come after reports of Delhi like power tussle between Chief Minister V Narayanansamy and Lieutenant Governor Kiran Bedi.
Giving warning to Kiran Bedi, the CM V Narayanasamy said he would file a contempt petition if Bedi didn't work in accordance with the Supreme Court's order.
“Whoever functions contrary to the judgment now delivered by the apex court would face serious action. I myself would file a contempt petition against those failing to act in consonance with the supreme court verdict,” Puducherry CM was quoted by PTI as saying.
After the judgement of the Supreme Court, many leaders across the political spectrum have hailed the decision. Former Delhi Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit, who served Delhi for 15 years as CM, said that the positions and functions of the Chief Minister and L-G are very crucial and both should function in accordance with one-another.
Updating…
For all the latest National News, download NewsX App
Read More
Transcript for Roseanne Barr on the defense after show cancellation: 'I'm not a racist'
to have you with us here O a Wednesday night. And we begin with the firestorm sunding Roseanne Barr. Today, bming her words on ambien. The making of ambien was not having it D there were other tweets the stress, whose show been canceled by ABC, taking aim at some of H costars. Tonight,hat the president is now tweeting,n the wf the Roseanne ar and the White House wasssed on why, in his own tweet, the president did not dress what Roseanne today. ABC's Matt gutma leading us of again GHT. Reporter: Fewer than 24 hours after Roseanne Barr's racist eet that led to her show being canceled -- hat's up,deplorable? Reporter: -- Comparing presid Obama's former top aide on an ape, roads Anne was back otter. Now blaming thweet on ambien. "Is 2:00 in the morning and S ambien tweeting. I went too far tonight, the makf ambien firing back. "W all pharmaceutical tments have side effects, racism is not a known side effect." Today, even after trying blame ambien - After my night time meds kick in, I'm L dead until 7:00 A.M. Reporter: -- Roseanne thenretweeted an image of a character from " of the apes" wialerie Jarrett's image next to it.night, president trumpo lebrated Roseanne before -- Look atroseanne, I called her yesterday. Lo at her rati look at her ratings. Repor -- has so far not tweeting about Disney CEO iger, the head of ABC's parent company, after iger caljarrett personally to Apolo for Roseanne's racist tweet. And this morning, the president tweeting, "H N Calle president Donald. Trump to apologize for the horrible stents made and said about me on maybe I just didn't get the call?" Ignori Roseanne's words completely. When pressed ois today, E white house first complned of a double standard, before eventually sg no one I defeseanne. The president is simply calling out the media bias, no one efending wt she said. Reporter: Roseanne firiff Moren 200 tweets since losing her show, and vowin to leave Twitter.en turning ome of her costars. Writing to actor Michael fi W called he tweets "Repible," "You throw me under the bus, nice." And to Sara T, who called the comment "Abhorrent," she replied, "Wow, unreal."'s been all over the map with it. I wish she H just said, I'm sorry, or, like, youknow, Valerie Jarrett said, this could be a learning moment. Reporter: And tonight, the executive producer of the show, David Caplan, telling "The Hollywood reporter and the writers had justurned to work on the next season. Was their first day back. Stunned oseanne's tweet. And now many of them out of a job. Even so, when asked their reaction, Caplan said, "The reactias universal disgust." Adding, "We were horrified by it and we also knew it meant for the show." When it came to racism, "There was noger any way to accept what she was saying." GHT, Roseanne Ng, "I feel B for POTUS. He goes through this every ngle day." And even today, as she retweeted that "Planetthe apes" image next to Valerie Jarrett, Roseanne Barr still insisting she's no bigot. "I'm not a racist, I never was and I nevell be." And Matt Gutman back with us GHT. And Matt, as you point out, Roseanne Barr lashing out on Twitter. The writers,roducers in the meantime haveexpressed disappment, because original mission of the show, and why it was a meback hit, has now been lost in all Thi Reporter: That's right, David. As Roseanne's message TD from con Trilt to combative, E cast arew who worked onhow that we have spo with S that what is most crushing to T is that the showing the plight of mid class families across America. Th now fear that that has been lostamidst all ofs controversy. David? M Gutman leading us off again tonight. Matt, thank you.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
When using Google Maps for iOS, it's always a bummer when one has to keep the iPhone unlocked just to get directions from the navigation app. Google is changing that with the latest version 4.30.0 update for its Google Maps app. The update has a new Directions Widget that works directly on the lock screen of the device.
On Monday, Google launched version 4.30.0 of Google Maps for iOS users. The updated navigation app now comes with a Directions Widget that gives users turn-by-turn navigation directions straight from the lock screen of their handsets. Hence, users will not need to unlock their iPhone and open the app just to obtain instructions for their destination.
To enable this functionality, users should head to the Today View of the Notification Center upon installing the update. From there, users should look for the Edit button then enable Google Directions. This will turn on the navigation directions which will be displayed on the Directions Widget that is found on the Notification Center. To access the widget, users should swipe right on the lock screen, according to MacRumors.
READ: Google scraps Save Your Parking feature from Maps app
Apart from the new widget, the Google Maps update also comes with a new iMessage support feature. What this does are basically enable users to send their location details to family and friends without having to leave the Messages app for the iPhone. It then saves time and effort, especially when users want to send their current location details to others as quickly as possible. The feature can be activated via the Messages App Store once version 4.30.0 is installed, as per Apple Insider.
As expected, the new version of Google Maps comes with unspecified bug fixes that improve the performance of the app. Google is slowly rolling out this update, users are advised to check iTunes if the update is already available in their region. They may also download the app online for free.
Google Maps More
Photo: Reuters/Kim Hong-Ji
Related Articles
By The Associated Press
A growing number of state lawmakers across the country have been accused of sexual harassment or misconduct since the start of 2017, particularly since the #MeToo movement gained momentum last fall. Here's a look at those who have resigned, been expelled, faced other disciplinary consequences or had accusations made public about them since the start of 2017:
RESIGNED OR REMOVED FROM OFFICE
1. Alaska: Rep. Dean Westlake, submitted resignation letter Dec. 15 after being accused by several women of inappropriate behavior.
2. Arizona: Rep. Don Shooter, expelled from office Feb. 1 by an overwhelming House vote after an investigation substantiated a lengthy pattern of sexual harassment toward women, including a fellow lawmaker.
3. California: Assemblyman Matt Dababneh, resigned effective Jan. 1 after a lobbyist said he pushed her into a bathroom during a Las Vegas social event and engaged in lewd behavior in front of her.
4. California: Assemblyman Raul Bocanegra, resigned in November after allegations that he had kissed or groped multiple women without their consent.
5. Florida: Sen. Jack Latvala, resigned effective Jan. 5 following allegations of sexual misconduct raised by multiple women.
6. Minnesota: Sen. Dan Schoen, resigned effective Dec. 15 following several allegations from women.
7. Minnesota: Rep. Tony Cornish, resigned effective Nov. 30 following several allegations, including from a lobbyist who said he repeatedly propositioned her for sex.
8. Mississippi: Rep. John Moore, resigned in December after multiple women made complaints against him; the House speaker's office said he had been facing an investigation led by an outside lawyer.
9. Nevada: Sen. Mark Manendo, resigned in July after a law firm concluded that he violated the Legislature's anti-harassment policy and behaved inappropriately toward female staffers and lobbyists.
10 Ohio: Sen. Clifford Hite, resigned in October after being accused of sexually harassing a female state employee.
11. Oklahoma: Rep. Dan Kirby, resigned in February after two former assistants alleged he sexually harassed them, including one with whom he had reached a confidential wrongful-termination settlement that included a $44,500 payment from House funds.
12. Oklahoma: Sen. Ralph Shortey, resigned in March and later pleaded guilty to a federal charge of child sex trafficking after being accused of hiring a 17-year-old boy for sex.
13. Oklahoma: Sen. Bryce Marlatt, resigned in September after being charged with sexual battery for allegedly groping an Uber driver who picked him up from a restaurant in the capital city.
14. South Dakota: Rep. Mathew Wollmann, resigned in January 2017 after admitting to sexual contact with two interns, which a legislative panel said was a violation of rules.
15. Tennessee: Rep. Mark Lovell, resigned in February as a House ethics panel concluded that he had violated the Legislature's sexual harassment policy.
___
OTHER ACTIONS
1. Alaska: Sen. David Wilson, placed on probation and disciplined in December by Senate leaders after a review found he engaged in retaliation as he defended himself against sexual harassment allegations.
2. California: Sen. Tony Mendoza, agreed Jan. 3 to take a one-month paid leave of absence during an investigation into allegations that he behaved inappropriately with three young women who worked for him; he was later suspended by the Senate Rules Committee until the investigation concludes.
3. Colorado: Rep. Steve Lebsock, replaced Jan. 9 as chairman of the House Local Government Committee after allegations he sexually harassed a female lawmaker.
4. Illinois: Sen. Ira Silverstein, resigned in November as majority caucus chairman after a victims rights advocate publicly accused him of sending inappropriate messages to her; a legislative inspector general recommended in January that Silverstein receive counseling from the Senate's ethics officer but said his inappropriate comments did not constitute sexual harassment.
5. Kentucky: Sen. Julian Carroll, removed in July as the minority whip for Senate Democrats after he was accused of groping a man in 2005.
6. Kentucky: House Speaker Jeff Hoover, resigned from his leadership post Jan. 8 after secretly settling a sexual harassment complaint with a female legislative aide and acknowledging he sent inappropriate text messages to her.
7. Kentucky: Rep. Jim DeCesare, removed from a legislative committee chairmanship in November after signing a secret sexual harassment settlement.
8. Kentucky: Rep. Brian Linder, removed from a legislative committee chairmanship in November after signing a secret sexual harassment settlement.
9. Kentucky: Rep. Michael Meredith, removed from a legislative committee chairmanship in November after signing a secret sexual harassment settlement.
10. Massachusetts: Senate President Stan Rosenberg, stepped aside in December from his leadership position pending an investigation by an independent law firm. The firm is looking into whether he violated any rules following a media report alleging that his husband sexually abused several men, including some who had dealings with the Legislature.
11. New Mexico: Sen. Michael Padilla, ousted in December as Democratic majority whip by the caucus after decade-old allegations that he had sexually harassed women in a prior job. Padilla also dropped out of the lieutenant governor's race.
12. New York: Assemblyman Steven McLaughlin, formally sanctioned in November by a legislative ethics panel after allegations that he asked a female legislative staffer for nude photos and leaked her name when she filed a harassment complaint.
13. Ohio: Rep. Bill Seitz, compelled by the House speaker to issue a personal and public apology for reportedly making offensive remarks. Those included jokes he told about other recent sexual misconduct scandals during a Jan. 23 going-away party for a House staff member.
14. Ohio: Sen. Matt Huffman, issued a public apology for reportedly making offensive remarks, including a suggestive reference to female genitalia, during a Jan. 23 going-away party for a House staff member.
15. Oklahoma: Rep. Will Fourkiller, advised in February 2017 to get sensitivity training and blocked from interacting with the Legislature's page program for a year after being accused of making inappropriate comments to a high school page in 2015.
16. Oregon: Sen. Jeff Kruse, removed from committees in October and told in a letter from the Senate president not to touch women after new accusations that he had inappropriately touched female colleagues. He faces an ongoing Senate investigation.
17. Pennsylvania: Sen. Daylin Leach, announced in December that he will "step back" from his campaign for a congressional seat after allegations that he behaved inappropriately toward female employees and campaign aides. Also facing a call from Gov. Tom Wolf to resign.
18. Washington: Rep. Matt Manweller, resigned as assistant floor leader and was removed as ranking member of a House committee in December. Manweller also was placed on paid leave from his job as a political science professor at Central Washington University and barred from contacting past and present students while the university investigates allegations of sexual harassment against him.
19. Wisconsin: Rep. Josh Zepnick, removed from legislative committees in December after being accused of kissing two women against their will at political events several years ago.
___
ALSO OF NOTE
1. California: Assemblywoman Autumn Burke, included in sexual misconduct complaint records released Feb. 2 for participating in an inappropriate discussion about anal sex. She was notified of the complaint in February 2017.
2. California: Assemblyman Travis Allen, included in sexual misconduct complaint records released Feb. 2 for being accused of inappropriately touching a female staff member in early 2013.
3. California: Sen. Bob Hertzberg, included in sexual misconduct complaint records released Feb. 2 for being accused of grabbing a female staff member, dancing and singing to her in 2015.
4. Idaho: Rep. James Holtzclaw, accused in a complaint of making inappropriate comments to at least two people during the 2017 session.
5. Hawaii: Rep. Joe Souki, subject of an Ethics Commission complaint of sexual harassment filed in fall 2017 by the former head of Hawaii's Department of Human Services for alleged actions that occurred three years ago.
6. New York: Sen. Jeff Klein, accused in January of sexual harassment in 2015 for allegedly forcibly kissing a former Independent Democratic Conference staff member who has asked for an investigation by the Joint Commission on Public Ethics.
7. Pennsylvania: Rep. Tom Caltagirone, facing calls by Gov. Tom Wolf to resign after reports that House Democrats authorized paying about $250,000 to settle a sexual harassment claim from a legislative assistant against Caltagirone in 2015.
8. Rhode Island: Rep. Teresa Tanzi, publicly alleged in October that a more senior legislator had suggested that sexual favors would allow her bills to go further, but Tanzi has not publicly identified the lawmaker.
9. Florida: Sen. Jeff Clemens, resigned in October after an extramarital affair with a lobbyist. The House speaker had said that because a lobbyist is dependent on legislators, "the facts here raise a very real question of sexual harassment."
10. Kentucky: Rep. Dan Johnson killed himself in December, just days after being publicly accused of sexually assaulting a teenage girl in 2013.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Getty Image
Over the weekend, the Alabama Senate race reached its homestretch as national Democrats like Sen. Cory Booker and former Massachusetts governor Deval Patrick traveled south and stumped for former prosecutor Doug Jones while Republicans released a video of alleged pedophile Roy Moore being interviewed by a 12-year-old girl. Democrats are hoping that their strategy will be more effective and are set to unleash a Barack Obama robocall aimed at Alabama voters to head to the polls on Election Day.
“This one's serious,” Obama says in the call. “You can't sit it out.”
According to CNN, Obama recorded his message in the last few days as President Trump (who also recorded a robocall) has ratcheted up his endorsements of Roy Moore. Obama does not mention Moore's name in his call but focuses on Doug Jones' virtues as a candidate.
“Doug Jones is a fighter for equality, for progress,” Obama says. “Doug will be our champion for justice. So get out and vote, Alabama.”
In November, Obama campaigned for Virginia's Ralph Northam and New Jersey's Phil Murphy in their gubernatorial elections, which both Democrats won. While it's not known how much of an effect either Obama or Trump's robocalls will have on the election, as the polls show, the involvement of both men is yet another clear indication that the candidates are running neck and neck.
(Via CNN)
Chattanooga Ghost Tours overcomes a most unexpected setback
There aren't many things as surprising as taking a photo and realizing you captured the image of a spirit or ghost. But finding out that your business headquarters of 9+ years has to be torn down is a close second.
Chattanooga Ghost Tours celebrated their 10th Anniversary and grand re-opening this past Saturday and are excited to be back doing what they do best, sharing scares and history with all who want to experience the mystery of Chattanooga.
Chattanooga Ghost Tours shared a building with Cheeburger Cheeburger and when the building suddenly collapsed, the entire building had to be torn down. Owner of Chattanooga Ghost Tours, Amy Petulla, had been a little hesitant of change and oddly enough being forced to move Ghost Tours has opened up some opportunities that may not have occurred otherwise.
Having moved locations to 432 Market St. Chattanooga Ghost Tours has opened a new shop, Haunted Steampunk. The shop is cute, quaint, and clearly spooky. The shop's steampunk theme works perfectly with the creepy attire and you can find all the little gifts and gadgets any visitor would love.
Along with the Haunted Steampunk shop, Ghost Tours has joined forces (buildings) with Quest2Escape. They now share a building and the partnership just makes too much sense, and the Chattanooga Ghost Tours now begins and ends in the same place.
Winner of the Score & Sam's Club American Small Business Championship, Chattanooga Ghost Tours are excited to begin their new tour Murder and Mayhem. Chattanooga Ghost Tours offers two different tours and two different ghost hunts, one of which is an 18+ hunt.
The Hunts are meant for those a little more adventurous and wanting to experience the paranormal Chattanooga has to offer first hand, complete with ghost-detecting gadgets.
Chattanooga Ghost Tours isn't just some random tour, USA Today and Trip Advisor ranked them in the top 10 ghost tours in the United States.
A couple reasons why they put on such a good tour is because of their amazing guides. So when I asked Petulla what separates her tours from others around the country she didn't hesitate.
“We have the best tour guides.” Petulla went on to say that no other ghost tour has as enthusiastic and knowledgeable tour guides as Chattanooga Ghost Tours.
Another difference that makes Chattanooga Ghost Tours so special, the pictures. When Petulla started showing me some of their best-verified photos I was a bit taken back, and Petulla doesn't shy away from skepticism and actually encourages it.
She is more than happy to have photographs verified by the most serious skeptics out there, and let me tell you, some of these photos are quite breathtaking. Maybe it's the “man” standing outside of The Hunter Museum of Art, or a little girl's face staring right back at you.
When you see these photos there is no way you are not going to want to take a tour and see for yourself.
The reopening and 10th Anniversary of Chattanooga Ghost Tours is a reminder of the many amazing things to do around Chattanooga. If you love mystery, history, and things just a tad bit scary, heading on a tour or hunt with Chattanooga Ghost Tours is sure to be right up your alley.
Chances are, if you're feeling under the weather, you can call in sick and still get paid. But for around one-third of U.S. workers, that's not an option.
And a growing body of evidence shows that the lack of paid sick leave has consequences for all of us.
In this week's Exploradio, WKSU's Jeff St.Clair looks at research on the costs of not calling in sick.
The cost of no paid sick leave
Heather Dougan loves her job in customer service at a locally owned firm.
“This is my chosen field," she says. But Dougan doesn't get paid sick leave, and she needs it.
“For about three weeks now I've been going in with horrific pain,” says Dougan.
Her doctor says she needs surgery, but it's going to have to wait until she's earned vacation time.
“It's very stressful knowing that I can't do what my doctor has asked me to do right now,” she says.
That stress is the focus of the latest study by Cleveland State University social work professor Patricia Stoddard-Dare.
'It is more expensive for a business to have a sick worker present than to have a sick worker stay home.'
Her team looked at the health and well-being of nearly 18,000 U.S. workers and found that those without paid sick leave have significantly higher levels of psychological distress.
“And we further analyzed that to see that they reported that that psychological distress impacted them a lot,'” says Stoddard-Dare.
She says 'a lot' means people feel, "nervous, restless, fidgety, hopeless -- that everything was an effort, worthless” and really sad a lot of the time.
The study is the first to show a link between lack of paid sick leave and psychological distress.
The high costs of coming to work when sick
Stoddard-Dare says it's part of a growing body of research showing how this basic benefit impacts workers and society as a whole. The most obvious example, she says, is that employees who don't have paid sick leave are more likely to go to work when they're sick.
“Which sounds like a ‘duh' finding, but no-one had actually analyzed that before,” she says.
The implications, though, are way beyond 'duh.'
Stoddard-Dare says during the 2009 flu pandemic, people who came to work sick because they lacked paid leave infected a further 7 million co-workers. Some 1,500 people died because of that exposure.
She says lack of paid sick leave also leads to longer lasting illnesses, increased injuries, decreased morale, and lower productivity – what researchers call ‘presenteeism.'
“And the cost of presenteeism in the United States is in the billions every year,” she says, with estimates in the range of nearly $230 billion.
The data, says Stoddard-Dare, is conclusive in showing that "it is more expensive for a business to have a sick worker present than to have a sick worker stay home.”
The politics of paid sick leave
In 2012, Connecticut became the first state to mandate paid sick leave. Businesses, especially in the restaurant and retail sectors fought the measure. But 18 months later, a study by the Center for Economic and Policy Research showed that their opposition had evaporated because of the lack of negative effects.
Four other states and more than two dozen cities have since enacted paid sick leave mandates.
'It should be the interest of society that people have long, healthy working lives.'
But the issue has become politically polarizing.
Nineteen states, mostly in the south, have passed laws that prohibit cities from requiring paid time off.
Stoddard-Dare believes the rush to preempt paid sick leave mandates is an organized movement. "How else could you have so much legislative activity happening on one topic throughout the country?”
The restaurant industry and the conservative American Legislative Exchange Council or ALEC have taken the lead on the issue.
“They tend to not like regulation,” says Kim Jinnett, executive vice president of the Integrated Benefits Institute, a non-profit, business policy think-tank.
For the health of the future workforce
Jinnett says employers who don't offer paid sick leave accept higher worker turnover as part of the cost of doing business. Others, she says, find it better to tend to employees' health needs.
“I do think that we'll continue to see employers continue to go into those two camps.”
But, Jinnett says, with an aging workforce, denying paid sick leave is short sighted.
“If we look at it as a whole," she says, "it should be the interest of society that people have long, healthy working lives.”
Ohio lawmakers last year inserted an amendment into a bill that preemptively blocks cities from mandating paid sick leave, among other worker benefits. A judge in Cleveland on Friday ruled that the measure is unconstitutional.
The state has promised to appeal.
However, new research from Cleveland State could get them to rethink the costs of blocking this benefit.
Telstra says the government should implement policies that promote the uptake of autonomous vehicle (AV) technologies, warning that compared to Europe and North America, Australia is lagging when it comes to initiatives involving connected and autonomous vehicles (CAV).
Australia “has the opportunity to take a leading role both regionally and globally in CAV enabling technology,” the telco has argued in a submission to a parliamentary inquiry into the social impact of land-based driverless vehicles.
“Policies and incentives are urgently required to facilitate trials, gain community acceptance and to adapt the legal and regulatory framework to support and accelerate the introduction of AVs into Australia.”
Telstra has previously argued that in the future, the government should even consider mandating the use of autonomous vehicles.
The company believes that autonomous vehicles can potentially boost road safety, cut traffic congestion and emissions, increase mobility for people unable to drive due to age or other reasons, and help create new jobs and business models.
The telco said that alleviating public concerns, including over security, safety and privacy, will be a key role for government. “There is a role for Government in educating the public on the benefits of CAVs, and in facilitating pilots so that the public can gain acceptance,” it argued.
Telstra said it backed principles outlined in the Transport and Infrastructure Council's (TIC) National Policy Framework for Land Transport Technology, which was released in August last year.
That document outlined four key roles for Australia's state and federal governments:
• Providing policy leadership, including a nationally coordinated approach across different levels of government; facilitating collaboration between industry and researchers; raising public awareness and acceptance; and managing the transitions between old and new technologies.
• “Enabling”, including by supporting investment in digital infrastructure and/or data streams and offering open access to transport data.
• Creating a supportive regulatory environment, including ensuring that community expectations around safety and privacy are met, removing regulatory barriers and where possible providing certainty about future regulatory requirements.
• And investment in R&D and real-world trials.
The TIC document also included seven principles for government action, including evidence-based investment, avoiding favouring particular technologies or applications, and favouring where possible low-cost approaches to regulation such as collaborative agreements or self-regulation.
“We fully agree with, and support these principles,” Telstra's submission states.
“It is our view that these principles will serve to ensure the best outcomes for the community and for businesses choosing to invest in AVs. It is our view that the policy principles could have benefitted from one additional element; namely fostering collaboration between business/industry, government and the community, which could help to accelerate the introduction of AVs in Australia.”
The telco is a member of the Australian Driverless Vehicle Initiative (ADVI), which has staged on-road trials of self-driving cars. Telstra has backed a truck platooning initiative in Western Australia and participated in connected vehicle trials.
In October, Telstra revealed details its work with Cohda Wireless to conduct a trial of ‘vehicle to infrastructure' (V2I) communications using the telco's 4G network.
“Governments, industry, businesses and the community have the opportunity to catalyse the emergence of new mobility systems and this should be done through cross-sector collaboration (transport, telecommunications, and universities/research sector) and partnership,” Telstra argued.
“The Australian geography and environment lends itself to being the perfect test bed for such technologies, but Australia is currently lagging globally, and policies and incentives are urgently required.”
Toyota in a submission to the inquiry said it backed a national guideline and a single application process for organisations that wish to undertake trials of automated vehicles.
“In addition, Toyota fully supports cross-border cooperation within state and territory road transport agencies primarily because most automotive and technology industries see Australia as a single market for investment and innovation,” the car-maker said.
Toyota also said that legislated definitions around driver, driving, control and proper control should be based on globally harmonised definitions. The UN's World Forum for Harmonization of Vehicle Regulations and the Working Party on Road Traffic Safety are currently discussing key definitions relating to autonomous vehicles.
The full submissions are available from the inquiry's home page.
LEGAZPI, Philippines (AP) — Lava flowing out a Philippine volcano has spread up to 3.6 kilometers (2.2 miles) since it began intense eruptions more than two weeks ago.
Streaks of red glowed atop the summit of Mount Mayon during a mild eruption Thursday morning as the moon set, hours after a blue moon and supermoon coincided with a lunar eclipse.
The Philippine Institute of Volcanology and Seismology said lava fountains and emissions of gas and ash have been sporadic. The eruptions fed lava flows in two areas that already exceed 3 kilometers (1.8 miles). The danger zone around Mayon extends 8 kilometers (5 miles), though authorities have struggled to keep villagers from returning to check on their homes and farms and tourists from trying to photograph the volcano's dramatic displays.
Mayon in northeastern Albay province has been erupting for more than two weeks, forcing more than 84,000 villagers to flee to crowded emergency shelters. Scientists fear a more violent eruption could be imminent.
A boozed-up motorist who was spotted straddling white lines in the road has been banned from driving for 48 months.
Chesterfield magistrates' court heard on August 1 how David John Tallent, 45, of Coupland Place, at Somercotes, Alfreton, was approached by police on Coney Green Road, at Clay Cross, just after 1am, on July 17.
Prosecuting solicitor Becky Allsop said: “Officers were on patrol when they came across a VW Golf straddling white lines in the road and the engine was running and the defendant was in the driver's seat and he smelled of alcohol.”
Tallent provided a positive roadside breath test and he was taken to the police station where he registered 115microgrammes of alcohol in 100millilitres of breath when the legal limit is 35microgrammes.
The defendant told police he had only just bought the car and he had been drinking the previous evening.
He added that there had been an argument with his partner and he intended to go to a property at Danesmoor but when he arrived there was no answer at the door so he stopped the car to make a phone call.
Tallent, who has previous convictions in relation to drink-driving, was sentenced to 12 weeks of custody suspended for 12 months with a Rehabilitation Activity Requirement and 150 hours of unpaid work.
He was also ordered to pay a £115 victim surcharge and £85 costs.
He was also disqualified from driving or holding a driver's licence for 48 months.
A high school golfer in Michigan was caught off guard by an unlikely opponent.Photos of the attack are going viral as Blissfield High School golfer Devon Gilson-Pitts was attacked on the golf course by the big bird on April 21.The golfers had just finished teeing off and were walking down the fairway when they passed a goose nest.The goose started flying toward the teen and ended up on top of him.Blissfield High School posted the photos on social media with the caption "And you thought golf was boring?"The student was not hurt, but he said his pride was injured."At no point in my life, I never thought golf would be fun or exciting till yesterday," he wrote on Facebook. "We have a great group of kids on the golf team and had some excitement on the course yesterday."
SQUAMISH, B.C. — Search and rescue crews were to continue searching through the night for three hikers reported missing at Shannon Falls Provincial Park near Squamish, B.C.
Squamish RCMP say the three people were swimming in one of the pools on Tuesday afternoon at the top of Shannon Falls with a group of friends when they slipped and fell into a pool 30 metres below.
Corp. Sascha Banks says in a statement that teams from several agencies have been searching for the trio but have not yet spotted the hikers in the pool system.
Banks says the "terrain is difficult, very dangerous, and the water flow is heavy which is complicating the search."
Mashudu Mambo, Sunday News Reporter
THE country's prisons and correctional institutions are struggling to provide essential services to inmates amid revelations that they have 19 000 prisoners against a holding capacity of 17 000 with 99 on death row, it has been learnt.
The problem of overpopulation in prisons brings with it a number of challenges associated with provision of health services, while food, uniforms, blankets and other requisite services remains critical.
Speaking on the sidelines of a graduation ceremony on Friday, Deputy Commissioner-General Administration, Health and Logistics Dr Alford Mashongo Dube said the prison population was exceeding the holding capacity by
2 000 which was further putting a strain on the little resources available to support the institutions.
“The national holding capacity for our prisons is 17 000, but we are overcrowded to an extent that the present prison population is about 19 000, that is above the holding capacity of all our prisons in the country. The excess 2 000 is a cause for concern. More people are coming in, but the prisons are not expanding and as you know with regard to this it means a lot of health problems are coming in,” he said.
Dr Dube said the increase in the number of inmates had led to the upsurge of diseases and shortage of prison garb and blankets for the inmates.
“Due to this overpopulation, we have experienced some shortages in uniforms and blankets, a situation that makes our prisons look uncomfortable.
This has also increased the spread of diseases like tuberculosis in the prisons. There are also 99 inmates on death row currently. The overpopulation in prisons has been caused by the increase in the number of murder, unlawful entry, stock theft and rape cases while some are of illegal immigrants waiting to be deported,” he said.
On Command Agriculture Dr Dube said the initiative played an important role in ensuring food security in the country's prisons.
“As you know ZPCS was given a lot of farms, actually we have 24 farms so far. This past season 2016-2017 we joined Command Agriculture and I should say about 70 percent of what we were doing was under Command Agriculture though part of the other percentage was for ourselves. This agricultural season we are also getting some inputs in different provinces where our farms are located and this particularly goes to provinces in Matabeleland North particularly at Anju Prison Farm where they are getting some inputs from the Command Agriculture,” he said.
Dr Dube said they were appealing for some agricultural inputs from the ministry to help them in their agricultural activities so that they could improve the yield.
“We are appealing to the Government to give us a lot of inputs as well as mechanise some of our prison farms with tractors, combine harvesters, planters and centre pivots so that we get maximum land use and better yields,” he said.
Dr Dube said there was a need for the Government to include them in other Command Agriculture initiatives such as Command Livestock to help inmates have a proper diet.
“With regards to maize production we don't have any challenges. Our inmates are safe, so we were thinking of going into Command Livestock to ensure we become self-sufficient and have a ready balanced diet in our institutions for our inmates,” said Dr Dube.
The deputy Commissioner General urged members of the public to visit their relatives in prison on Christmas.
Think about when you go shopping for food at the grocery store. You walk through the door, grab a cart, grab your groceries off the shelves, but most people never think twice to wipe the cart down. Do you ever think what's on the handle you're touching and putting your food on?
The barrage that the president and his allies have launched at the F.B.I. is focused on one small part of the mission — surveillance warrants — in an agency of 35,000 people that investigates everything from bank robberies to human trafficking to Wall Street malfeasance. But Mr. Trump could have more ammunition in the coming weeks as the Justice Department's inspector general finishes a report widely expected to be critical of the F.B.I.'s handling of the final months of the investigation into Hillary Clinton's private email server.
As part of that inquiry, Michael E. Horowitz, the inspector general, has uncovered text messages between two F.B.I. officials working on that case and also the Russia investigation in which they express intense dislike for Mr. Trump.
Mr. Horowitz is expected to reserve particularly harsh criticism for the two officials, Peter Strzok and Lisa Page. Conservative media outlets have already delivered their verdicts on the officials, who are regularly skewered on the popular Fox News program hosted by Sean Hannity.
Mr. Hannity recently described the Mueller investigation and decisions in 2016 by James B. Comey, the F.B.I. director at the time, as “one giant incestuous circle of corruption.”
Some Justice Department veterans see Mr. Horowitz's report as another cudgel for those trying to discredit not only the Mueller investigation but also the wider law enforcement community.
“In this political atmosphere, anything critical of the F.B.I. will be used against it,” said Jack Goldsmith, a top Justice Department official in the George W. Bush administration.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Still, Republican lawmakers made a curious decision to focus so intensely on the government's surveillance warrant for Mr. Page. Mr. Trump's allies have spent more than a year distancing themselves from Mr. Page, and describe him as an insignificant foreign policy adviser who lasted only a few months on the campaign and never met Mr. Trump.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
His trips to Moscow in 2016 were not connected to the campaign, they said, and campaign officials were unaware of his contacts with Russian intelligence operatives in 2013 when he was hired onto Mr. Trump's foreign policy team during the election year.
The Republican memo, however, paints Mr. Page as the target of a political conspiracy that has the larger goal of hurting Mr. Trump — effectively binding Mr. Page and Mr. Trump more closely together in the public's mind.
The memo also reveals that the surveillance warrant involving Mr. Page was renewed on multiple occasions, including during the Trump administration, meaning that top law enforcement officials had convinced the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court that there was reason to believe that Mr. Page may have been acting as a foreign agent on behalf of the Russians.
“The Republicans have chosen to wrap their arms around Page, and they may come to regret that,” said Jeffrey Smith, a former general counsel for the Central Intelligence Agency.
The memo actually undercuts the argument that a dubious warrant involving Mr. Page was the beginning of the Russia investigation, as it points out that the investigation began in July 2016 because of information about contacts between Russian intermediaries and another Trump campaign adviser, George Papadopoulos.
The New York Times reported in December that the inquiry was launched after Mr. Papadopoulos, during a night of heavy drinking, had told Australia's top diplomat in Britain about these contacts, and the diplomat passed the information to the F.B.I.
How long the campaign by Mr. Trump and his associates against the F.B.I. lasts will most likely determine what, if any, long-term damage is done to the bureau. Mr. Smith, the former C.I.A. official, believes that the potential for harm is extensive, not least because foreign intelligence partners might be more reluctant to share information with the bureau.
But, he said, there could be significantly more harm if people begin looking for political motives in every action the F.B.I. takes.
“People across the country are going to say, ‘Can I trust the F.B.I.?'” he said.
GREENE COUNTY, TN (WJHL) – The Greene County ethics committee held a meeting this afternoon hearing two complaints from Greene County Commissioner Eddie Jennings. One of those complaints was centered on allegations that the county road superintendent put campaign signs on a county vehicle during a Fourth of July parade.
The Greene County ethics committee voted unanimously recommending that road superintendent David Weems pay back money for using the county pickup truck during the Fourth of July parade.
“That's why I'm asking you what you want this ethics committee to do?” Greene County Commissioner Tim White said.
A stern demand from Greene County Commissioner and ethics committee member Tim White to fellow Commissioner Eddie Jennings.
Jennings made a presentation to the committee accusing road superintendent David Weems of campaigning during the Greeneville Fourth of July parade.
Our cameras captured of the road superintendent and his family in the pickup truck during the parade campaign signs clearly placed on the side.
Jennings says he felt Weems was using tax payers dollars to campaign.
“We are talking about tax payers money here,” Jennings said. Commissioner White responded, “If you would shut i'll talk about all that but you won't give me a minute to talk.”
White agreed that Weems was wrong in using the county truck during the parade. The committee unanimously agreed to recommend that Weems pay back the county for using the truck.
“Basically it was brought before us to determine if there was any wrong action,” Ethics Committee Chairman Jason Cobble said.
Weems said, “Well, yes they're done what i asked them to do to start with.”
Weems maintains that he covered up the “Re-elect” portion of the campaign sign and it must have blown off during the parade and wishes Jennings had brought the complaint to him first.
“Not once since Eddie Jennings been a county commissioner did he call my office to voice any concerns or any complaints,” Weems said.
Jennings other complaint alleging Commissioner Robin Quillen made threats to shoot him during a recent commission meeting were dismissed.
“Nowadays if anybody say they would like to shoot you, you better take it serious. all i asked for was a public apology and no i didn't get it,” Jennings said.
It is still not clear how much money Weems is expected to pay back. The ethics committee only made the recommendation to the full Greene County Commission.
It remained unclear on Friday how the brawl started, but the police were searching for a 37-year-old Afghan suspected of having fired first at a group of Eritreans, according to news reports.
“We stopped everything, the police came quickly, and everyone got scattered amid tear gas,” said François Guennoc of the Migrants' Hostel charity, describing how more than 100 migrants from Africa, armed with iron rods and sticks, had tried to beat a group of 20 Afghans during a food distribution.
Human rights workers said that tensions have increased as migrants have seen their chances of reaching Britain from Calais whittled by a tougher stance by the French and British governments.
In mid-January, Prime Minister Theresa May of Britain agreed during a meeting with France's president, Emmanuel Macron, that the British government would pay an additional $62 million to step up security measures around Calais.
Yet, organizations say, at least 200 more migrants, mostly young men from Eritrea, have reached Calais since that meeting, where Mr. Macron and Ms. May announced an accord that aimed to reduce the time unaccompanied minors spent there.
“They mistakenly thought that they could reach Britain more easily,” Mr. Guennoc said.
But the French government has showed no leniency. “The message I want to get across is that if you want to go to Britain, it's not here you should come,” Mr. Collomb said on Thursday while visiting local authorities and security forces in Calais.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
France received a record number of asylum claims last year — 100,000 compared with 85,000 in 2016 — but no other town has embodied the challenges posed by immigration more than Calais, where a squalid encampment known as the Jungle was once home to more than 10,000 people before it was dismantled in 2016.
“Under no circumstances will we allow the Jungle to come back,” Mr. Macron said in January, when he visited Calais to explain his policies on immigration.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The government plans to present legislation on immigration and asylum in the spring, and Mr. Macron has vowed to step up deportations against those who come to France for economic reasons and speed up the process for those who are fleeing conflicts and persecution. This approach, he argued, would mix “humanity” with “efficiency.”
Mr. Collomb, the interior minister, has become the face of the latter. In Calais, he has expressed support for the police, whose treatment of migrants was criticized by a Human Rights Watch report that denounced their systematic use of pepper spray against migrants.
When a report by the Ministry of Interior found “it is plausible that there was a breach in security force doctrine and ethics,” Mr. Collomb dismissed some of the accusations.
“In Calais, the true violence, it is the one of the traffickers who exploit with cynicism the refugees' misery and fear,” he said in a post on Twitter on Thursday.
Mr. Collomb said that the authorities would take over the distribution of food in Calais within the next two weeks, appearing to criticize local groups when he said the process can't be “wild.”
Ms. Millot, whose organization, Salam, distributed lunches from 2002 to 2015 in Calais and now serves 600 breakfasts every morning, as well as soups at night, said that charities had yet to see how public workers would distribute food.
“On the one hand, the government orders its police forces to dismantle the migrants' tents, and on the other, it is going to distribute food to those who saw their shelter torn down,” Ms. Millot said. “Seriously?”
Come learn about water thrift landscape! The Permian Basin Underground Water Conservation District (PBUWCD) is boasting their 2018 Rainwater Harvesting Workshop, which is scheduled for Thursday, May 3rd from 6 p.m. to 7 p.m. at the PBUWCD Office located in Stanton, Texas at 708 W St. Peter St.
Rainwater harvesting is a technique used for collecting, storing and using rainwater for landscape irrigation and other uses. Normally when it rains, many people have gutters on their houses, that the rainwater pours off their roof, down throughout the gutter and runs off into your yard or street. When you harvest rainwater or collect it in a water storage tank or cistern it can be stored for later use.
For the full story, please see Tuesday's edition of the Herald.
Rohr faces stern NFF scrutiny
It will no longer be business as usual for Super Eagles coach, Gernot Rohr following a 2-0 defeat to South Africa in Saturday's Africa Cup of Nations qualifier.
The German tactician who was summoned by the Nigeria Football Federation technical committee to an emergency meeting in Abuja will no longer enjoy the uncommon freedom he has been used to, particularly, as it concerns the invitation of players to camp.
Chairman, NFF technical committee Barrister Chris Green disclosed that Rohr, who had enjoyed no technical interference since he took charge in August 2016, will have his activities undergo thorough scrutiny from the football body's technical department.
“We had an emergency meeting to look at all that went wrong and reviewed Bafana Bafana loss,” Green said after Tuesday's emergency meeting.
“We discussed from match ball, tactics deployed, the fitness of players, organisation of the team and all what's not. And at the end of the day, we made recommendations to the board.
“We called for the establishment of the scouting unit in the technical department and that henceforth, we should have a pre-knowledge of players invited before sending to the public.
“The technical adviser must appear at a press conference where such list will be announced to the public and questions will be asked as regards the list. And there must be a good synergy between the technical crew and technical department cum the committee.
“We have resolved that certain persons will be deployed to observe training and all sort of things going on in the team. We also asked that only players playing regularly for their clubs should be invited to the national team.
“There will be redeployment of a psychologist to the team. We believe the players need to be psyched up for matches as we will face Cameroon which will be a very tough game.”
The post Rohr faces stern NFF scrutiny appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
On August 25th, gamers who registered for a chance to get their hands on Call of Duty: WWII early will enjoy the fruits of their auto-filling of name and email labor and land a spot playing the CoD: WWII beta. Sledgehammer games made it known that we wouldn't be playing the supposedly-terrifying Nazi Zombies mode but were mum on exactly what we would be playing in the early look.
Now we know specifically what we can expect, courtesy of Sledgehammer games via PlayStation Lifestyle:
Prime-time viewership numbers compiled by Nielsen for May 21-27. Listings include the week's ranking and viewership.
1. "NCIS," CBS, 12.07 million.
2. "Roseanne," ABC, 10.58 million.
3. NBA Conference Finals: Houston at Golden State, Game 6, TNT, 9.47 million.
4. NBA Conference Finals: Golden State at Houston, Game 5, TNT, 9.32 million.
5. "The Voice" (Tuesday), NBC, 8.78 million.
6. "Dancing With the Stars: Athletes," ABC, 8.77 million.
7. "American Idol" (Monday), ABC, 8.68 million.
8. "The Voice" (Monday), NBC, 8.67 million.
9. NBA Conference Finals: Houston at Golden State, Game 4, TNT, 8.37 million.
10. NBA Conference Finals: Boston at Cleveland, Game 6, ESPN, 8.27 million.
11. NBA Conference Finals: Boston at Cleveland, Game 4, ESPN, 7.94 million.
12. NBA Conference Finals: Cleveland at Boston, Game 5, ESPN, 7.51 million.
13. "Survivor," CBS, 7.33 million.
14. "The Middle," ABC, 7.09 million.
15. "The Big Bang Theory," CBS, 6.72 million.
16. "NCIS" (Tuesday, 9 p.m.), CBS, 6.62 million.
17. "60 Minutes," CBS, 6.32 million.
18. "The Big Bang Theory" (Monday, 8 p.m.), CBS, 6.29 million.
19. "Young Sheldon," CBS, 6.2 million.
20. "Law & Order: SVU," NBC, 6.12 million.
___
ABC is owned by The Walt Disney Co.; CBS is a division of CBS Corp.; Fox is owned by 21st Century Fox; NBC is owned by NBC Universal.
(AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File). FILE - In this Thursday, June 21, 2018, file photo, traffic moves through the Lincoln Tunnel from New Jersey en route to New York City. New Jersey towns along the busy highway leading to the Lincoln Tunnel into New York ...
(AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File). FILE - In this Thursday, June 21, 2018, file photo, traffic on Route 495 enters the Lincoln Tunnel en route to New York City, in Weehauken, N.J. New Jersey towns along the busy highway leading to the Lincoln Tunnel into ...
(AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File). FILE - In this Thursday, June 21, 2018, file photo, traffic spirals up-and-down a section of Route 495 to the Lincoln Tunnel, in Weehauken, N.J., with the New York City skyline in the background. New Jersey towns along ...
By DAVID PORTER
Associated Press
WEEHAWKEN, N.J. (AP) - With a lengthy highway construction project looming that could turn one of the Northeast's worst traffic bottlenecks into the stuff of post-apocalyptic fiction, local officials whose towns could be overrun by frustrated motorists say they're still in the dark on some aspects of the plan.
When lanes will be closed on the busy Route 495 viaduct connecting the New Jersey Turnpike to the Lincoln Tunnel is one unanswered question. In recent weeks the state Department of Transportation has said its $90 million project to rebuild the bridge and roadway will require closing a lane in each direction beginning in "mid-summer."
On Tuesday, a department of transportation spokesman said it would be "later this summer." Several local officials involved with discussions with the department said community outreach efforts are still underway and questions linger about handling traffic overflow, an indication the start could be some time away.
The pothole-ridden 80-year-old viaduct cuts through parts of Secaucus, North Bergen, Union City and Weehawken and accommodates more than 150,000 motorists daily. Local officials acknowledged the need to replace the bridge structure, which is considered structurally deficient and functionally obsolete. But some expressed concerns about logistics.
Weehawken Mayor Richard Turner, whose town squats over the entrance to the tunnel, said he hasn't been given a firm starting date for the lane closures, and has yet to meet with top state transportation officials about the project, though he expects that will happen soon.
"We're very concerned about the impact on traffic, and the resulting traffic jams on our local streets," Turner said. "We are extremely concerned about emergency vehicles getting through."
Turner noted that on a Saturday last month, a delay on Route 495 leaving New York left traffic at a standstill and forced many motorists onto the cramped streets of his town and others. That doesn't bode well for traffic during the bridge reconstruction, when the lanes will be closed 24/7, he said.
"I can't imagine what is going to happen on a weekday," Turner said.
According to the department's website, the work can't be performed solely during nighttime hours because the nature of the bridge work makes it impossible to replace portions each night and then allow traffic back on it during the daytime.
The department's plan includes detours for cars and trucks using Routes 1 and 9 northbound and southbound, where ramps from 495 will be closed off. That is likely to clog streets in Secaucus in a part of town that is home to outlets and big-box stores.
Turner and Secaucus Mayor Michael Gonnelli both said the state hasn't committed to reimbursing their towns for police overtime that likely will be required for traffic management.
Gonnelli said the traffic overload has the potential to be "a nightmare either way."
"We're downstream from where this is happening, but we are affected anytime something happens, and we're affected badly," he said. "I try to take my wife out to eat on a Friday night, and you can't get out of town."
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
A convicted pervert successfully persuaded a court to alter his daily curfew hours so he can walk his beloved dog.
Chesterfield magistrates' court heard on Tuesday, December 5, how Raymond Roberts, 66, of West End Close, Alfreton, had been given an original community order in April for intentionally touching a woman aged 16 or over and after that touching had been deemed sexual and his victim had not consented.
But in November, Roberts admitted failing to comply with the requirements of the community order by failing to attend with a probation officer so his community order was revoked and he was re-sentenced with a new 12 month community order with a five-week curfew and a 30 day Rehabilitation Activity Requirement.
He was also ordered to pay £60 costs.
However, Roberts applied during a hearing on December 5 to amend the requirements of his community order specifically that the daily, five-week curfew, which includes electronic monitoring, be altered from 7pm-to-7am to 6.30pm-to-6.30am so he can walk his five-year-old collie dog Tess.
Defence solicitor John Wilford told the court that Roberts' dog has a routine and the defendant added that he is usually out with Tess at 6.30am.
He told the court: “She is only five and she's a crazy collie and when I am sat having a cup of tea she's looking at me and she flies down the steps.
“She's my life.”
Obliging magistrates stated, “We appreciate there is nothing more cheerful than walking a dog”, and they were willing to alter Roberts' daily curfew from 7pm-to-7am to 6.30pm-to-6.30am.
The court agreed to make the alteration to the curfew hours on the grounds Roberts can be allowed to walk his dog in the mornings.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Electra Consumer Products is expected to buy Golan Telecom for 350 million NIS. Electra will pay Golan's owners 90 million NIS outright, and Cellcom will loan 130 million Nisses to Electra to aid them in making the purchase. In addition, Electra will take another 130 million Nisses as a bank loan.
Former Pelephone CEO Gil Sharon will serve as CEO of Golan Telecom.
Golan owes Cellcom 600 million NIS, and debates regarding who will buy Golan and what will happen to Golan customers have continued for several months.
The current agreement stipulates Electra will pay Cellcom 200-250 million Nisses in user fees for the next decade. This amount will include and help cover Golan's current debt.
Golan has had financial difficulties for over a year, and creditor cellphone company Cellcom was reported several times as planning to buy the newer company. However, the government is interested in diversifying the market, and was therefore hesitant to allow the merge. In fact, the sale was about to go through when Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu canceled it.
Amazon Working on Self-Dismantling Drone
Nobody wants a drone falling on their head, especially if it's a drone large enough to deliver packages for Amazon.
But the e-commerce behemoth clearly sees a future in which bad things happen to good technology, and a malfunctioning drone ought not plummet from the sky.
Better to do it piece by piece.
Amazon has just received a patent outlining a possible plan for "directed fragmentation for unmanned airborne vehicles" used in deliveries.
"The use of UAVs is accompanied by the need for new solutions to various problems, such as service disruptions due to unsuitable weather conditions, equipment malfunctions, and other problems," reads the text of the patent, which the Seattle firm applied for in June 2016 and received Tuesday.
Core to the technology is a "fragmentation sequence" that the drone constantly updates with an eye to flight path, flying conditions and what lies in the terrain below.
"Terrain topology information or data can identify certain preferred locations for dropping one or more of the components of the UAV," the patent document says.
"For example, the terrain topology information can identify bodies of water, forested areas, open fields, and other locations more suitable for dropping components of the UAV if or when flight operation errors, malfunctions, or unexpected conditions occur.
"Terrain topology data can identify the locations and boundaries of residential, commercial, and industrial buildings and developments, highways and surface streets, parking lots, stadiums, schools, recreational areas, and other artificial features."
What might cause an Amazon delivery drone to need to divest itself from itself, in parts?
"Unexpected heat, cold, wind, rain, hail, high or low ... pressure regions, or other meteorological conditions," according to the patent document.
"High winds may make it difficult or impossible to control the flight operations. High heat may also result in failure or malfunction of the battery ... leading to loss of thrust provided by the rotor system. Other components ... such as the rotor system, flight control computer, flight sensors, or other components, can unexpectedly malfunction or fail for various reasons."
The idea behind the patent is not to let the drone dismantle itself until there's nothing left.
"During the fragmentation sequence, one or more parts or components of the UAV can be released. In doing so, the weight, speed, air drag coefficient, and other factors related to the UAV can be altered. At the same time, the momentum and trajectory of the UAV are also altered.
"According to aspects of the embodiments, the fragmentation sequence is tailored to modify or alter the manner in which the UAV descends, to control the descent in a preferred, controlled manner," the patent document says.
The drone's systems would allow it to control where the parts fall, so they would "descend in a calculated or estimated trajectory to the preferred locations."
The illustration accompanying the patent indicates those locations would include a pond and a tree. The drawing also appears to show the drone dropping the cargo into a tree.
Parts could be released using latches, hooks or springs, or "small explosive charges" or compressed gas.
There's attention to cost, among other factors, in what gets jettisoned.
"The fragmentation sequence engine can select the order based on various factors, such as the replacement value or cost of the components, the air drag coefficients of the components, the weight of the components, the purpose of the components, and other factors," the patent document says.
However, just because Amazon patented this system -- which also seems unsuitable for urban centers -- that doesn't guarantee it'll go into action. Still, the company recognizing the possibility of "catastrophic failure" of a delivery drone indicates that some solution is needed before Amazon starts delivering goods via drones.
© 2017 San Jose Mercury News under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: Amazon.
Spotted bass are some people's favorite and other people's least favorite bass. They were originally native to the Tennessee and Coosa River basins and have been widely introduced to other watersheds across the Southeast.
Certain stories in the Stories section are already using Crowd Surf, like the featured video of Lorde's performance at last weekend's Outside Lands. As advertised, a button in the bottom-right corner lets you flip between different users' perspectives while the audio remains playing, and it works well. Obviously, coverage will be limited by how many users are snapping the same event (and at what quality), but get enough people watching and enough are bound to pull out their phones to start snapping.
Snapchat built its own proprietary machine learning tech to automatically recognize the audio among user snaps in order to stitch it into Crowd Surf videos, according to Mashable. The feature will be available for select events; We've reached out to Snapchat to elaborate which will get the seamless-video treatment.
While it's unclear how widespread the feature will become, it's yet another dynamic addition to Snapchat's lineup, like custom Stories, that sets it apart from Facebook and Instagram. And it's clear that the company wants to maintain its lead without competitors copying its advances: Last month, it acquired a team that specifically protects code from reverse engineering.
by: Special to the AFRO from the NAACP
Statewide Protests at Five Offices Across State Scheduled for January 3, 2017
MOBILE, AL—NAACP President and CEO Cornell William Brooks will join with local Alabama chapters of the NAACP for a statewide protest of the nomination of Senator Jefferson Beauregard Sessions III for U.S. Attorney General.
Alabamians Against Sessions for Attorney General will include five protests at the five Alabama offices of Sessions, located in Mobile, Huntsville, Dothan, Birmingham, and Montgomery.
“As a matter of conscience and conviction, we can neither be mute nor mumble our opposition to Senator Jefferson Beauregard Sessions becoming Attorney General of the United States. Senator Sessions has callously ignored the reality of voter suppression but zealously prosecuted innocent civil rights leaders on trumped-up charges of voter fraud. As an opponent of the vote, he can't be trusted to be the chief law enforcement officer for voting rights,” said NAACP President and CEO Cornell William Brooks.
President Brooks will be joined at a January 3 press conference and protest at Sessions' office in Mobile by Alabama State Conference President Benard Simelton and Mobile Branch President Lizetta McConnell.
“Despite 30 years of our nation moving forward on inclusion and against hate, Jeff Sessions has failed to change his ways,” said Alabama State Conference President Benard Simelton. “He's been a threat to desegregation and the Voting Rights Act and remains a threat to all of our civil rights, including the right to live without the fear of police brutality.”
The press conference featuring NAACP President Cornell William Brooks, Alabama State Conference President Benard Simelton and Mobile (AL) Branch President Lizetta McConnell, will take place in Mobile: on January 3, 2017 at 11 A.M. at the Office of Senator Jefferson Sessions, 41 West Interstate 65 Service North, Mobile, Al 36608
“Some of us in Alabama recall, Senator Sessions saying he liked the Klan,” said Mobile Branch President Lizetta McConnell. “He said it was a joke, but saying something like that while discussing a case where the Klan murdered a young Black man says a lot about a person. We need someone who realizes that attorney general has to actually care about the people's rights he's protecting and not just doing it because it's his job.”
Local members of the NAACP will hold multiple Press Conferences around the state on January 3 at four of Sessions' district offices:
Image via Getty.
After her anxiety dream New Year's Eve performance, Mariah Carey said, “Shit happens.” Now she supposedly thinks, “Shit happens when everyone's out to get you.”
Advertisement
Page Six reports that Carey's team is allegedly saying the technical difficulties she faced were actually a deliberate sabotage by Dick Clark Productions, intended to drum up ratings. They apparently received a scorching letter on the subject of Mariah Carey's malfunctioning earpiece:
“You know her inner ears were NOT working and your entire production team did not set her up to win,” the manager, Stella Bulochnikov, wrote to Mark Shimmel, whose company produced Carey's TV nightmare, which was broadcast live on ABC. “AND MARIAH KEPT TELLING THEM [something was wrong] ON STAGE IN REAL TIME,” Bulochnikov typed in all caps in the letter, a copy of which was obtained by The Post. “THEY KEPT IGNORING HER. SHE TOOK A HIT HONORING HER COMMITMENT TO YOU. I SHOULD HAVE PULLED HER OFF THE STAGE THIS IS SABOTAGE.”
Bulochnikov told Page Six that she doesn't believe Carey was deliberately given bad equipment, but that producers took advantage of the situation, saying, “Once things went wrong, they took the decision to keep rolling and make her look like a train wreck for the ratings,” she added, “They owe her a public apology.”
Advertisement
TMZ reports that Dick Clark Productions think this accusation is defamatory, and one production crew member is accused of saying, “I don't care that her ears didn't work. She could've just winged it.” Freaking wing it, Mariah Carey.
[Page Six, TMZ]
Did Jennifer Lopez mock Carey's performance in between getting deeply emotional and very real kisses from Drake?
[BET]
Happy New Year.
You wouldn't expect a 73-year-old to be on the crime beat, but Maximino Rodriguez Palacios couldn't help himself, says Cuauhtemoc Morgan, editor of the Baja California news blog Colectivo Pericu.
"It was totally by chance," he tells NPR. "In November 2014, Max called me about a shooting near his home in La Paz. And then he sent me a story and photos about what happened. From that moment, he was our crime reporter."
Rodriguez's passion to cover crime led to his death. Gunned down Friday as he pulled up in front of a supermarket, he became the fourth journalist murdered in Mexico in just six weeks. The country continues to be one of the deadliest places in the world to report the news.
For decades, Rodriguez had worked in journalism and in public relations for the state government. He came out of retirement to take up the crime beat for Colectivo Pericu, and in the following years his work became increasingly important. His home state, Baja California Sur, has become one of Mexico's most violent in recent months as drug cartels fought over the territory. In January 2017 the state recorded its most murders ever in a single month.
Through this, Rodriguez built up a following. A Facebook Live video from April 5 got more than 15,000 views. In it, he runs up to the police tape around a crime scene and, winded, tells his audience that the subject is dead. The victim would turn out to be a plainclothes police officer.
Several police officers had been murdered in recent months, and Rodriguez chased the story. In the last column he wrote for Colectivo Pericu, he cited anonymous sources to identify the leader of a local cartel as the mastermind. But this turned deadly.
"Our comments sections [on the blog] are open, so it has become routine for us to receive threats there," says Morgan.
Rodriguez's final column had five comments on it. Four were threats. Among expletives, one comment ominously reads, "You're lighting the candles for your own funeral, Max."
Three days later, Rodriguez was dead. His bullet-riddled car was the exact kind of crime scene he would have run to cover, camera phone in hand.
On Sunday night, the state attorney general's office said that ballistics tests showed that the firearm used against Rodriguez was the same one used in the killing of the police officer that Rodriguez had covered a week earlier. The investigation points toward Rodriguez being targeted for his work.
Since President Enrique Peña Nieto was elected in 2012, 31 journalists have been murdered in Mexico. Dozens more have been threatened or attacked. Reporters under threat have become hardened to this reality.
"When I hear of another murder, I just think 'who's next?' " says Noe Zavaleta, a reporter in Veracruz state. "It sounds crude to say, but it's the way I have to think about it now."
Zavaleta knows the danger of reporting well, as 20 journalists have been murdered in his home state since 2010. He began writing for the investigative magazine Proceso after his predecessor, Regina Martinez, was strangled to death in her home. One of his best friends and colleagues, photojournalist Ruben Espinoza, was murdered in Mexico City after seeking refuge there. But Zavaleta is back in Veracruz after briefly fleeing to Mexico City for his safety.
"Things haven't changed — if anything, it's gotten worse," he says. "But this is what I know how to do, and I refuse to leave because of intimidation. Maybe it's pride or my ego, but I won't leave."
The Mexican government recently has beefed up protection measures for journalists, as well as a specialized unit that investigates these types of crimes. But journalists don't just need protection from organized crime.
"[These protections] feel imaginary, because I have filed complaints about threats I have received from government authorities and their cronies," says Zavaleta. "I don't expect them to go anywhere, but I file them anyway so that other journalists can document what has happened to me."
The systems to protect reporters aren't working in practice, says Carlos Lauria, the Americas director for the Committee to Protect Journalists.
"Unfortunately, these bodies and mechanisms have clearly been insufficient to fight the violence and solve crimes against the press," says Lauria. "Impunity is still pervasive. Even in the cases where progress has been made, masterminds are still free and justice is losing."
By CPJ's estimate, 87 percent of the murders committed against journalists in Mexico since 1990 either have not been investigated or have no arrests.
But the journalists themselves aren't the only victims of press violence, says Lauria: With many reporters too scared to cover news that could anger criminals or corrupt politicians, the public often doesn't get to see the most important stories.
In Baja California Sur, it's unclear if reporters will be silenced by Max's death. Cuauhtemoc Morgan says he's talked to some journalists who want to get off the crime beat after the murder. But not everyone will stay quiet.
"My wife [the co-editor of Colectivo Pericu] and I are reflecting on what to do," he says. "But right now, we don't plan to stop reporting on this type of news."
On Monday, Colectivo Pericu kept publishing, like it was just another day.
Copyright 2017 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/.
ROBERT SIEGEL, HOST:
In the last six weeks, four reporters have been murdered in Mexico. The latest victim was Maximino Rodriguez. He was gunned down in his car on Friday afternoon in La Paz, near the southern tip of the Baja California peninsula. As James Fredrick reports, Mexico continues to be one of the world's deadliest places to report the news.
JAMES FREDRICK, BYLINE: At 73 years old, Max Rodriguez wasn't the kind of person you'd expect to be on the police beat. But he couldn't help himself, says Cuauhtemoc Morgan, the co-founder of Colectivo Pericu, the blog where Max worked. I catch him on his cell as he's driving to a memorial for Max.
CUAUHTEMOC MORGAN: (Speaking Spanish).
FREDRICK: "It was totally by chance," he said. "In November 2014, Max called me about a shooting near his home in La Paz. And then he sent me a story and photos about what happened. From that moment, he was our crime reporter." After decades as a reporter and government spokesman, Max Rodriguez came out of retirement to cover crime. He didn't know at the time how important the work would become.
Murders have recently spiked in his state as a feud broke out between drug cartels. January of this year set a record for the most murders there ever. A week before his death, Max posted this Facebook Live video which got 15,000 views.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
MAXIMINO RODRIGUEZ: (Speaking Spanish).
FREDRICK: He's running up to a crime scene outside a local prison. A man had been shot and would turn out to be a plainclothes police officer. But this type of reporting put Max at risk for exposing crimes and sometimes the criminals behind them.
MORGAN: (Speaking Spanish).
FREDRICK: "Our outlet promotes freedom of expression," says Morgan. "Our comments sections are open, so it's become routine for us to receive threats there." Last week, Max wrote about a string of murdered police officers and named the head of a local gang as the mastermind. There are five comments on the story. One ominously reads you're lighting the candles for your own funeral, Max.
Three days later, Rodriguez were shot to death as he pulled up in front of a supermarket. It was the exact kind of crime he would have run to cover, camera phone in hand.
On Sunday night, the state government said that the same weapon was used in the murder of Max and the police officer Max had reported on the week before, meaning he was likely targeted for his work. Max's death on Friday is the latest in a long list of murdered reporters throughout Mexico. Three others were murdered in March alone.
NOE ZAVALETA: (Speaking Spanish).
FREDRICK: Noe Zavaleta knows the risks journalists face as well as anyone. His predecessor at investigative magazine Proceso was strangled to death in her home. And a photojournalist he often worked with was killed after fleeing to Mexico City.
ZAVALETA: (Speaking Spanish).
FREDRICK: "We journalists face real threats," says Zavaleta. "Organized crime, that's obvious. Another is the state that tries to oppress our voices. And the third are corrupt media outlets that work with the first two to try to smear journalists who become victims." Murdered journalists have become so common as to harden Zavaleta's reaction to another death.
ZAVALETA: (Speaking Spanish).
FREDRICK: "When I hear of another murder, I just think who's next? It sounds crude to say but it's the way I have to think about it now." Now with this climate of fear and intimidation all over Mexico, the most important stories often can't be covered. Cuahtemoc Morgan says some of the reporters in his state want to get off the crime beat after Max's murder.
MORGAN: (Speaking Spanish).
FREDRICK: "My wife and I are reflecting on what to do," he says, "but right now, we don't plan to stop reporting this type of news." For NPR News, I'm James Fredrick in Mexico City.
(SOUNDBITE OF MUSIC) Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR.
(Reuters) - Cleveland police urged a suspect who they said posted video of himself on Facebook killing an elderly man on Sunday to turn himself in to authorities.
Officials in the Ohio city said they were looking for Steve Stephens in connection with the one confirmed killing but had found no evidence to support what police said was a claim he made in the video of having killed more than a dozen other people.
"Everybody is out there looking for Steve," Calvin Williams, the Cleveland police chief, told a news conference, where he joined Mayor Frank Jackson in asking Stephens to turn himself in. They said Stephens might be driving a white or cream-colored Ford Fusion, and that he was armed and dangerous.
"We want this to end with as much peace as we can bring to this right now," Williams said, adding police knew of no other victims.
Late Sunday night Cleveland police issued a aggravated murder warrant for Stephens, and warned that he could have crossed state lines into Pennsylvania, New York, Indiana or Michigan.
Police said Stephens used Facebook to post video of him killing the man, who police identified as 74-year-old Robert Godwin Sr. Stephens is not believed to have known Godwin, police said.
The world's largest online social network, used by more than 1.2 billion people every day, condemned the accused killer's action.
"This is a horrific crime and we do not allow this kind of content on Facebook," said a spokesperson for the company. "We work hard to keep a safe environment on Facebook, and are in touch with law enforcement in emergencies when there are direct threats to physical safety."
It is not the first time a serious crime has been posted on Facebook. In January, four black people in Chicago were accused of attacking an 18-year-old disabled white man and broadcasting the assault on the service while making anti-white racial taunts.
A month later, the suspects pleaded not guilty to assaulting the man.
(Editing by Chris Michaud and Michael Perry)
Scope slipping at factory torque specs I just put a razor 5x20 gen I on a savage .308 with badger ordinance steel rings. Badger calls for 12 inches - lb. I got the gun out on the range and everything went well but after every 25/30 rounds I was reconfirming my zero since the scope is brand new. I kept having problems with elevation, windage was fine. After a full day of shooting it seemed to level out at .75 inches low. I went home thinking the scope might have issues, but I noticed the scope had marks where it had slipped. I'm figuring that's the cause of my frustration. I torqued them down to 20 lb since razors are built like a tank. I have never had this problem. What are you guys torquing too? Any other ways to remedy this? I won't get a chance to shoot for a few weeks. I am going to remount the scope again. I Just want to eliminate any factors so I can confirm the scope tracks well next time out.
(Reuters) - U.S. package delivery service UPS has re-established shipping to the bulk of Puerto Rico's postal areas, the company said on Thursday, although power outages and blocked roads continue to hamper deliveries.
"We are pleased to begin operations again in Puerto Rico, though the situation is dynamic," UPS Americas Region President Romaine Seguin said in a statement.
The company said freight services were now available to 149 of the island's 176 zip codes and added it would offer a hurricane aid discount to individual customers.
(Writing by Patrick Graham; Editing by Bernard Orr)
Stephen Curry scores 27 points, nine rebounds, and 10 assists as the Warriors defeat the Rockets to advance to the NBA Finals.
USA Network
Kevin Owens has had a successful WWE run since the company signed him in 2014. He's been an NXT Champion, an Intercontinental Champion, a Universal Champion, and most recently, the United States Champion. As far as three-year runs go, you won't find too many that are better than this.
You'd think that all these accomplishments would tell you how high WWE is on Owens as a performer, but all the titles pale in comparison to the infamous Vince McMahon headbutt. It was violent. It was different. It was shocking. It was Kevin Owens' defining moment thus far.
When Vince McMahon puts that kind of faith in you, it means something. A very small collection of WWE talent gets the honor of beating up the boss, and the fact that Vince chose Owens, a guy who made his name outside of WWE's walls, is kind of fascinating. Who could have predicted that Kevin Steen would be in this spot five years ago?
Lawmakers in Iowa began debating a bill Tuesday to dramatically change how public sector unions negotiate their contracts, part of a wave of legislation in statehouses across the country to roll back union rights.
The bill, similar to a 2011 law in Wisconsin, is high on the state's legislative agenda and comes as Republicans control both chambers of the state Legislature and the governor's mansion for the first time in nearly 20 years.
About 180,000 state and local government workers would be prohibited from negotiating over issues including health insurance, seniority and extra pay. The legislation also leaves in place a provision that prevents workers from going on strike. And it includes provisions that would make it more difficult for unions to collect dues.
Public safety employees, such as law enforcement officers, would be exempt from certain provisions of the bill. Critics say exempting public safety workers divides unions.
Ahead of hearings on the leglslation, teachers, teamsters, firefighters and other union members demonstrated at the Iowa Capitol Monday night, breaking into chants of "Kill the bill."
"Enough of these misguided politicians and their billionaire buddies trying to take our voice and our rights!" shouted Becky Pringle, of the National Education Association, to the crowd from atop a folding chair.
The state's Democrats are trying to slow down debate on the measure, which is expected to last several days.
"This is a major change and policy shift," said state Sen. Nate Boulton, a Democrat. "It is disappointing that we had no voice in this process."
Republicans countered that they were ending a period of deadlock and divided government in Iowa by acting on their priorities.
"Normally the frustration I hear from folks at home is that we don't get anything done," said state Rep. Steve Holt, a Republican. "So we are acting decisively on a bill that I think is great for Iowa and great for efficient government."
More than 1,100 people signed up to speak against the bill, but only 33 got the chance. State correctional officer Lindsey Herron said she left her previous job, which paid well, for the better benefits that state employees receive.
If the bill becomes law, the risks of working in a prison are "no longer worth it," said Herron. "You may think that's fine until those offenders end up living next door to your family and they learn nothing in prison because they no longer have professional educated staff working there."
Herron said she was upset about voting for Republican candidates last fall. "If this bill passes, don't think in 2018 I'm going to forget what you've done to my family."
Just four people spoke in favor of the bill, including representatives of the Iowa chapter of Americans for Prosperity, the nonprofit political advocacy group funded by conservative donors David and Charles Koch.
A pair of teenagers from Aylesbury have been arrested following a fatal collision in Ivinghoe.
At around 4.50pm yesterday (15/4) a red Ford Fiesta and a black Aprilla motorbike collided at the junction of the B489 Tring Road and Beacon Road near Ivinghoe.
The rider of the motorbike sustained serious injuries and died. His next of kin have been informed.
The driver of the Fiesta, a 19-year-old man from Aylesbury, was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and driving while unfit through drugs. A passenger in the Fiesta, a 17-year-old boy from Aylesbury, was arrested on suspicion of drugs possession – cannabis. The man and the boy have both been released from police custody under investigation.
Thames Valley Police are urging anyone who witnessed the crash to get in touch.
Investigating officer, Police Constable Jason Brinklow of the Roads Policing Unit, said: “It is believed that a number of motorists who observed the collision left the scene after the emergency services arrived. It is vital that these motorists contact police immediately so we can begin to build a picture as to how the collision happened.
“Anyone who witnessed the collision or has any information about the collision please call us on 101 or visit a police station and quote reference 43170109361. Alternatively, if you have information but wish to remain anonymous please contact Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.”
If you have any information relating to this case, please call 101 quoting reference ‘43170109361', or contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
Jewish Home leader calls for application of Israeli law to Ma'ale Adumim and other areas, says a terrorist state will be forced on Israel.
Education Minister Naftali Bennett announced his intention to submit a bill in the Knesset to apply Israeli law to parts of Judea and Samaria at a Jewish Home faction meeting in the city of Ma'ale Adumim Monday.
"We are continuing today in the footsteps of Levi Eshkol, who applied [Israeli] law to Jerusalem, of Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin, who founded Ma'ale Adumim, and of Menachem Begin, who applied [Israeli] sovereignty to the Golan. Today we continue in Ma'ale Adumim and then to other parts of the country." Bennett said.
"Bennett called for an end to military rule and the application of full sovereignty in its place. "After 50 years we are year and it is time to end the military rule. So by the end of the month a law will be availible to apply [Israeli] law to Ma'aleh Adumim, together with all coalition factions. I expect that all Cabinet members will lend a hand towards this path. The nationalist government has no other option. We have to overcome the obstacles to sovereignty."
"Israeli citizens have paid with thousands of casualties, tens of thousands of rockets, and countless condemnations for that failed messianic policy of a Palestinian state. The [logical] conclusion is to stop buying into the folly of a Palestinian state and start applying Israeli law in Ma'ale Adumim, the Jordan Valley, Ariel, and all Area C as soon as possible. That is how we'll win." he declared.
"We need to understand that we have a small window of opportunity, this one final chance before the world imposes on us a terrorist state on Route 6. It is sovereignty or Palestine. If there is no sovereignty there will be Palestine. There is no other option." Bennett stressed.
In response to an Arutz Sheva reporter's question as to whether Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu should resign in light of the investigation against him Bennett replied: "The investigation may end with nothing. There are things which are very important to the stability of the Israeli government, and that is good governance."
5 Best Ski Lodges In The U.S. A look at five of the very best ski lodges in the United States.
Five Must-See Destinations In ParisWithin the 41 square miles of Paris, France there are over 60 main attractions for visitors to discover ranging from Museums, Churches, Monuments and Squares as well as examples of contemporary and traditional architecture. This is far too many sites for the average tourist to attempt to visit during a short stay in the city of lights. Thus a list of the five most famous and must see attractions is in order.
Why does your favorite local airport seem so crowded?
Don't blame security checks as it's been a busy year so far for Southern California airports.
According to data from the six major airports, 62.9 million passengers went through the area's terminals in 2017's first seven months, up 2.8 million in a year or a gain of 4.7 percent.
Much of that regional passenger gain occurred at giant Los Angeles International. Its 37.1 million passengers were up 1.2 million year to date, a gain of 3.3 percent.
Long Beach Airport had the biggest percentage gain in the area: Its 2.2 million passengers were up 43 percent in a year.
Hollywood Burbank Airport's 2.6 million count was up 13.6 percent. Ontario Airport had 2.6 million passengers so far in 2017, up 6.8 percent. And San Diego Airport drew 12.6 million, up 5.3 percent.
The only Southern California travel decline was at Orange County's John Wayne Airport, as its 5.9 million passengers were off 1.8 percent vs. 2016.
ICYMI: How did California airports score in the latest national quality rankings?
STORY Thanos Kamilalis
STORY 06/12/16
Erdoğan΄s propaganda mechanism and media control
Yesterday, WikiLeaks, in collaboration with ThePressProject, leaked the emails of the Turkish minister of Energy -and Tayyip Erdoğan΄s son-in-law- Berat Albayrak. The emails reveal how Erdoğan΄s government organized a mechanism of propaganda and psychological warfare, together with an “army” of 6.000 Twitter accounts, in order to deal with the mass demonstrations of 2013 and promote the political views of the governing party, AKP. At the same time, Albayrak appears to have an active role [...]
The Alexander Review: Aje, Baba Shina Rambo, Onyeoma… the Tunes that Might Fuel you this Week
Ever since this column started, I have listened to all genres of music being made by Nigerian artistes, it is cautious to conclude that our stars need to be precise in their delivery especially Rap and Alternatives. Notwithstanding, these are some of my picks to try out this week:
Aje – DMW featuring Davido, Peruzzi, Yonda
DMW is back with “Aje”, a simple love with different instruments playing at intervals. Label boss, Davido assisted with the alternating hooks and choruses repeatedly as Peruzzi and Yonda delivered effortlessly.
Rating: 4/5
Baba Shina Rambo – Shina Rambo featuring Olamide
On this party tune, Olamide and Sina Rambo paid homage to Sina Rambo's dad – A song which lacked lyrical contents but thanks to Olamide's hook.
Rating: 2.5/5
Onyeoma – Phyno featuring Olamide
The “two kings” as fondly called since their joint album, the two are back with a track that reminds me of “fada fada”. Over a bouncing beat mixed with African instruments, the two sing harmoniously. The two should rap more whenever they collaborate. It's still a good one.
Rating: 4/5
Alright – Kiddominant featuring Wizkid
A sound collage and production by Kiddominant sees Wizkid and the talented producer singing about smokes and seduction in a mild manner. It is kind of slow-paced and It is really, really catchy.
Rating: 4/5
Biko – Iyanya
Iyanya might not have pushed for a vocal performance but he did wonders on this upbeat tune. It's a love song, not to be surprising.
Rating: 3.5/5
IFAi – Rudeboy
Rude boy channeled the hyper-emotional feels of the former PSquare brand. The Rnb track sees Rude boy shooting hearty vocals on the piano masterpiece.
Rating: 4/5
Alele – Seyi Shay featuring Flavour and DJ Consequence
Trust me, you'd need extra support to handle this. Seyi shay needed assistance to drop this fire tune, too. A blend of highlife and Dancehall came out impressive. This is really great.
Rating: 4.5/5
Remember – Masterkraft
With many hits to his credit, the producer has been consistent with delivering singles ever since the turn of the year. “Remember” sees Masterkfraft catching feelings on classic-like instrumentals.
Rating: 3.5/5
Lovingyou.com – Dammy Krane featuring Yung6ix
After throwing gabbage and auto-tunes all over his releases last week, Dammy Krane needed to hire Yung6ix to serve a different flavor. Convincingly, Dammy made us proud on this pop tune.
Rating: 4/5
Shaku shaku – Dammy Krane
This upbeat track and face-paced production sees Dammy Krane tapping into the trend in the Nigerian Music scene.
Rating: 3.5/5
Bullion squad – Kcee
Bullion, to fully translate to a bullion van – Kcee is singing about wealth and riches. With indigenous instrumentals, everything is beautiful about this one.
Rating: 4/5
Terry Pablo – Terry tha Rapman
Veteran rapper,Terry tha Rapman is back with his new single after his album. Terry was busy rapping while he let the dominant vocals of Surprize splash hot water all over the listener's body on the bridge. I love this one.
Rating: 4/5
African Gyal – Samklef featuring Demarco, Ceeza Milli, DJ Dimplez
Balanced strings, bass and impressive vocals can be felt all over this dancehall melody. This one will make the club playlists. I'm in awe!
Rating: 4/5
Merule – Mz Kiss featuring Slimcase
Heavy funk, tight chorus, sleek delivery is what I will use to describe this addictive street banger. I guess Slimcase is here to stay. Ba mi merule!
Rating: 4.5/5
Happy – Morayo featuring Johnny Drille
Typically, a Johnny Drille production has an upbeat tint. With soothing vocals, the pair should be given the listening ears. This is incredible!
Rating: 4/5
Ibaje – Obesere
The hip-hop genre is not compatible with Obesere, yeah? The man is here gallivanting on this nice production. Wow!
Rating: 4/5
Emotions – RICO Swavey
For people like RICO, there is no time for press gigs after an eviction from a TV reality show. The man did justice on the slowbeat. A mix of Rnb and punk – you should try it.
Rating: 4/5
…………………………………………………………
I've listened to many songs but I see diversity that can be chanelled into many smash hits. There is always a room for improvement. The industry gives equal opportunity for fame. Like I have always said, the Shaku shaku sound should not be a form of distraction for our artistes.
This review is solely the opinion of the contributor and does not reflect BellaNaija's views in any way.
The post The Alexander Review: Aje, Baba Shina Rambo, Onyeoma… the Tunes that Might Fuel you this Week appeared first on BellaNaija – Nigeria breaking & top news to the World 24/7. Read Today.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from BellaNaija. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The final 10 minutes, in which Sunderland teetered on the ropes, with 10men behind the ball and last ditch clearances galore, only served to underline how impressive their 3-0 lead had been.
Norwich had two extra days to prepare for yesterday's game, and it began to show, the hosts always seeming to have a man advantage.
James Vaughan outjumps Norwich defender Russell Martin.
Sunderland somehow saw it through. It was a true team effort typified by Dider Ndong, one minute making a crucial interception in the box, the next somehow finding the energy to take the ball to the corner at the other end.
Before that frenetic and tense conclusion, it had been anything but backs to the wall.
Norwich had dominated possession, certainly, and in the opening 20 minutes looked capable of making inroads, but, for the most part, Sunderland were able to keep the game very much in front of them, picking their moments to press and try to force an error.
Boss Simon Grayson had the opportunity to complain about the schedule in the build-up, the obvious advantage it handed the hosts. The 47-year-old wasn't interested, excuses are not really of interest, it seems.
It has been the same with regards to the transfer market, where there have been no excuses despite a shoe-string budget and seeing many of the squad's hitherto the best players depart.
Grayson has been quite happy to made do and mend, turning to players whose careers have stalled but possess the quality to make a difference.
Lewis Grabban and Aiden McGeady are two such figures. The jeers which greeted ex-Canary striker Grabban's every touch a reminder that things have not always been easy for the 29-year-old.
So far, on Wearside, he has shown composure, quality, and a willingness to close down the opposition defence.
McGeady was anonymous in the opening stages, Sunderland's left flank a major concern as Yanic Wildschut marauded forward from the wing-back position.
There were some excellent set-piece deliveries, but little influence from open play. The way he seized the initiative and won this game at such a crucial moment, however, hinted at an inspired bit of business.
Sunderland may not have been free-flowing, but their ethic suggests a team already beginning to resemble their manager.
No player summed that up greater than James Vaughan, whose search for a first Sunderland goal continues. That will be a source of frustration, but, in every other department, his work-rate was exemplary. He was outstanding, here, dominating a tough aerial opponent in Russell Martin and earning the foot hold for the creative players around him to thrive in.
None of the 1,200-strong away support will be getting carried away. Norwich were careless and spurned excellent opportunities, Cameron Jerome's lazy positioning to be caught offside when one-on-one was a perfect example.
Nevertheless, that so many of the new faces were serenaded after the full-time whistle was a giveaway sign that the fans like what they are seeing.
The Premier League glamour is gone, and Sunderland are adapting to different pressures, a different profile of player, perhaps a different calibre of player.
That has not been met with many complaints, and that will remain the case so long as the resilience that underpinned this fine win continues.
Another small but significant step towards something better.
Summer is upon us, and brings with it a lot of very sucky parasites
It's that time again. Riverbend is here and so is my deadline. With that in mind, this month you get a cliché “Summer Top 10” list. But, given that it's a list of Human Parasites, you know it's gonna suck, literally and figuratively.
Ticks
Whether on yourself or on a pet, finding one (or two or 10) of these is like hitting the paranoia jackpot. “Does it have a white dot? What does that mean if it does? What does it mean if it doesn't? Will I also get Lemon Disease?” Fortunately, most ticks are harmless and easy to remove with a little practice. Unfortunately, experts (Yes. There are tick experts.) are warning that they will be more numerous and vengeful this year, so we'll all be getting lots of practice removing them.
Fleas
Another fabulous thing to find around the home is the common flea. When not playing Bass, these wee, jumping jerks like to take up residence in your pet's fur, and then your bedding and then your fur.
Another blood-sucker, these guys are also predicted to have a banner year of biting people in the swimsuit region and causing an embarrassing amount of itching and scratching.
Studies have shown prayer to be ineffective at stopping fleas and the diseases they spread (see, “The Black Death”). So, this summer, avoid traveling to 14th Century Europe, and get all of your pets a good-quality flea collar.
Mosquitoes
About a year ago, I wrote about the ethical issues surrounding the debate as to whether or not we should eradicate mosquitoes once and for all. Unfortunately, the mosquitoes didn't get the memo and continue to impale humans around the globe with their tiny proboscises.
To add insult to injury, they continue to spread disease while doing it. The nerve! (By one account mosquitoes are the most lethal animal on the planet…at least when it comes to killing humans.)
With temperatures rising, and wetter weather becoming the norm (cough Climate Change cough), mosquitoes are also predicted to be more numerous and feisty this year. So, if you see standing water (which is where they lay their eggs), pour it out.
Toxoplasma Gondii
If you've ever had a baby, and a cat, you've heard of this guy. It gets into cat feces and if a pregnant human handles those feces (because you were too lazy to empty the litter box for her, even though she's pregnant and it was your cat), it can pass to the fetus and cause some pretty nasty birth defects.
So, be a man and clean the litter box while your woman carries your child for you. Sheesh.
Oh, it can also be transmitted via improperly cooked meat. But in order to screw that up, you'd have to cook a meal once in a while, wouldn't you? Dude! She's carrying your baby! Help out a little!
Guinea Worm
Honestly, I don't even want to mention this one, because it's so horrific. You get this thing from drinking contaminated water. The water has copepods, which have the worm larva in them. Your body then digests the copepods, which releases the larva, and then…ugh. The end result is that about a year later, you end up with a one-meter-long worm living in your leg. This leads to a blister in your leg or foot that feels like it's on fire.
So, you go to the river or pond and stick your leg in to relieve the pain. The blister pops, and out come the larva. The worm however, is still in there. The only way to get it out is to wind it around a stick and slowly pull it out over the course of a week or so. That's right: You get a week of pulling a fire worm out of your leg.Fortunately, former President Jimmy Carter and his Carter Foundation have taken it upon themselves to eradicate the Guinea worm, and it's working.
In 1986, there were about 3 million reported cases worldwide. Last year, there were just 25. (Not bad for an ex-peanut farmer.)
So, there you go, a “Top 10 List” of Five Human Parasites. Hey! I told you it was going to suck literally and figuratively.Now stop scratching...
Steven W. Disbrow is a programmer who specializes in e-commerce and mobile systems development, an entrepreneur, comic-book nerd, writer, improviser, actor, sometime television personality and parent of two human children.
CLOSE Josey Jewell responds to Butkus Award snub Matthew Bain/Hawk Central
Buy Photo Josey Jewell, right, and Josh Jackson, left, were both named AP first-team All-Americans on Monday. (Photo: Register file photos)Buy Photo
What a day it was for Josey Jewell and Josh Jackson.
The standout Iowa defenders became the 24th and 25th consensus All-Americans in Iowa Hawkeye football history, with the duo appearing as first-team selections on the USA TODAY, Associated Press and Football Writers Association of America All-American teams released Monday.
Previously, Jewell and Jackson were also first-team selections on the Walter Camp All-American team.
It's a feat that has not occurred for the Hawkeyes program since 2003. This year marks the fifth time in program history that a pair of Hawkeyes earned consensus All-America honors in the same season. Jewell and Jackson join Robert Gallery and Nate Kaeding (2003), Eric Steinbach and Dallas Clark (2002), Chuck Long and Larry Station (1985) and Andre Tippett and Reggie Roby (1981) as other pairings to earn consensus All-American status in the same season.
Jewell, a native of Decorah, has 426 career tackles, fifth all-time in program history.
Jackson burst onto the scene this season for Iowa, with a nation's-best seven interceptions and 25 passes defended.
ASSOCIATED PRESS FIRST TEAM
OFFENSE
Quarterback – Baker Mayfield, senior, Oklahoma.
Running backs – Bryce Love, junior, Stanford; Rashaad Penny, senior, San Diego State.
Tackles – Orlando Brown, junior, Oklahoma; Mike McGlinchey, senior, Notre Dame.
Guards – Quenton Nelson, senior, Notre Dame; Braden Smith, senior, Auburn.
Center – Billy Price, senior, Ohio State.
Tight end – Mark Andrews, junior, Oklahoma.
Receivers – James Washington, senior, Oklahoma State; Anthony Miller, senior, Memphis.
All-purpose player – Saquon Barkley, junior, Penn State.
Kicker – Matt Gay, junior, Utah.
DEFENSE
Ends – Bradley Chubb, senior, North Carolina State; Clelin Ferrell, sophomore, Clemson.
Tackles – Hercules Mata'afa, junior, Washington State; Maurice Hurst, senior, Michigan.
Linebackers – Roquan Smith, junior, Georgia; Josey Jewell, senior, Iowa; T.J. Edwards, junior, Wisconsin.
Cornerbacks – Josh Jackson, junior, Iowa; Denzel Ward, junior, Ohio State.
Safeties – Minkah Fitzpatrick, junior, Alabama; DeShon Elliott, junior, Texas.
Punter – Michael Dickson, junior, Texas.
SECOND TEAM
OFFENSE
Quarterback – Lamar Jackson, junior, Louisville.
Running backs – Jonathan Taylor, freshman, Wisconsin; Kerryon Johnson, junior, Auburn.
Tackles – Mitch Hyatt, junior, Clemson; Isaiah Wynn, senior, Georgia.
Guards – Cody O'Connell, senior, Washington State; Will Hernandez, senior, UTEP.
Center – Bradley Bozeman, senior, Alabama.
Tight end – Troy Fumagalli, senior, Wisconsin.
Receivers – David Sills V, junior, West Virginia; Michael Gallup, senior, Colorado State.
All-purpose player – Dante Pettis, senior, Washington.
Kicker – Daniel Carlson, senior, Auburn.
DEFENSE
Ends – Sutton Smith, sophomore, Northern Illinois; Nick Bosa, sophomore, Ohio State.
Tackles – Ed Oliver, sophomore, Houston; Christian Wilkins, junior, Clemson.
Linebackers – Malik Jefferson, junior, Texas; Ogbonnia Okoronkwo, senior, Oklahoma; Dorian O'Daniel, senior, Clemson.
Cornerbacks – Jalen Davis, senior, Utah State; Carlton Davis, junior, Auburn.
Safeties – Derwin James, junior, Florida State; Justin Reid, junior, Stanford.
Punter – Johnny Townsend, senior, Florida.
THIRD TEAM
OFFENSE
Quarterback – Mason Rudolph, senior, Oklahoma State.
Running backs – Ronald Jones II, junior, Southern California; Devin Singletary, sophomore, Florida Atlantic.
Tackles – David Edwards, sophomore, Wisconsin; Jonah Williams, sophomore, Alabama.
Guards – Beau Benzschawel, junior, Wisconsin; Tyrone Crowder, senior, Clemson.
Center – Frank Ragnow, senior, Arkansas.
Tight end – Jaylen Samuels, senior, North Carolina State.
Receivers – Steve Ishmael, senior, Syracuse; A.J. Brown, sophomore, Mississippi.
All-purpose player – D.J. Reed, junior, Kansas State.
Kicker – Eddy Piniero, junior, Florida.
DEFENSE
Ends – Austin Bryant, junior, Clemson; Mat Boesen, senior, TCU.
Tackles – Vita Vea, junior, Washington; Harrison Phillips, senior, Stanford.
Linebackers – Micah Kiser, senior, Virginia; Tremaine Edmunds, junior, Virginia Tech; Devin Bush, sophomore, Michigan.
Cornerbacks – Andraez Williams, redshirt freshman, LSU; Jack Jones, sophomore, Southern California.
Safeties – Armani Watts, senior, Texas A&M; Quin Blanding, senior, Virginia.
Punter – Mitch Wisnowsky, junior, Utah.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
After multiple public statements from the White House, there are still numerous unanswered questions surrounding Michael Flynn's Monday-night resignation from his position as national security adviser.
Flynn is under fire for a discussion he had with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak on the day that the U.S. announced sanctions for cyber hacking that took place during the U.S. election.
White House press secretary Sean Spicer characterized the resignation as being about "eroding trust" between President Trump and Flynn, rather than a legal issue, and he said it was Trump's decision to have Flynn step down. House Speaker Paul Ryan also said the resignation was Trump's call. Those accounts contradict earlier remarks from White House adviser Kellyanne Conway, who said the move was Flynn's.
Here are six the questions we still have about the events:
1. What exactly did Flynn say about U.S. sanctions in his call with Kislyak?
Spicer maintained Tuesday that Flynn being asked to step down was about "trust" and that there was "nothing wrong or inappropriate" about Flynn's call with the ambassador. There is a transcript of the call produced by the intelligence community, NPR has confirmed. It shows there was discussion about the sanctions. "Still, current and former administration officials familiar with the call said the transcript was ambiguous enough that Mr. Trump could have justified either firing or retaining Mr. Flynn," the New York Times reported.
Flynn briefed Vice President Pence before Pence made a round of TV appearances Jan. 15 in which he denied Flynn discussed the sanctions in the call. White House press secretary Sean Spicer said on Jan. 13 that Flynn told him the call was to convey Christmas greetings, condolences for a plane crash that killed members of a Russian Military choir, Russian talks about the war in Syria and logistics for a post-inauguration call between Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin.
In his resignation letter, Flynn apologized for giving the vice president and others "incomplete information regarding my phone calls with the Russian Ambassador."
2. Did Flynn's conversation influence Russia's decision not to retaliate with sanctions of its own?
The Obama administration announced sanctions on Dec. 29 in response to findings that Russia used cyberattacks during the presidential campaign in an effort to assist Trump. The administration expected Russia to retaliate, but it never did. At the time, Trump tweeted glowingly about Putin's decision not to react.
3. Why wait until now to ask for a resignation?
NPR's Carrie Johnson reports that the White House knew Flynn's public statements didn't match what occurred.
Johnson reports that former acting Attorney General Sally Yates, since fired over her stance to not enforce Trump's travel ban, told White House Counsel Donald McGahn about the call's actual contents. Spicer said Tuesday that the Justice Department notified White House counsel on Jan. 26 and that the president was notified immediately.
Spicer said that the White House has been "reviewing and evaluating this issue on a daily basis" for a few weeks and that Flynn has been questioned on multiple occasions.
As the Washington Post notes, though, on Friday Trump gave reporters the impression that he "was not familiar with a Washington Post report that revealed that Flynn had not told the truth about the calls."
4. Who was behind the initial leak?
Who was the first person to share that Flynn had spoken to the Russian ambassador? Trump himself asked Tuesday morning in a tweet, "Why are there so many illegal leaks coming out of Washington?" Spicer echoed concerns about the leak in his briefing.
The Washington Post's Callum Borchers has three theories on "why the Trump White House keeps leaking":
They can't help but gossip,
It's all distraction, getting media to pay attention to "who has power, rather than what the people in power are actually doing," or
Bait for negative coverage so that it can continue to "cast the media as a political opponent."
But it's also possible, if not likely, that the leaks on this issue came from the intelligence community or Justice Department. That could mean that there are people in the government and national-security infrastructure who had genuine concerns about Flynn and how Trump's White House is being run.
House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes, R-Calif., blasted the leaks in a hallway interview on Tuesday, NPR's Susan Davis reports.
"Here's what I know: Gen. Flynn did not break the law talking to the Russia ambassador, in fact that's his job," Nunes said. "Who did break the law is whoever recorded this, unmasked it and leaked it, that is clearly multiple violations."
5. Who will replace Flynn?
Spicer said in a briefing Tuesday afternoon the president is "currently evaluating a group of strong candidates."
Three are thought to be the leading contenders:
Ret. Lt. Gen. Joseph Kellogg , the acting national security adviser, named with Flynn's resignation;
, the acting national security adviser, named with Flynn's resignation; Ret. Vice Adm. Robert Harward , the former deputy director of CENTCOM during the Obama administration. He's a former Navy SEAL who grew up in Iran; and
, the former deputy director of CENTCOM during the Obama administration. He's a former Navy SEAL who grew up in Iran; and Ret. Gen. David Petraeus, the former CIA director in the Obama administration who was sentenced to two years probation and had to pay a $100,000 fine for sharing classified information with a woman he was having an affair with. His probation expires in April.
Also in the running is John Kelly, who was recently confirmed as Trump's homeland security secretary, NPR's Tom Bowman reports.
But, Bowman reports, the smart money is on Harward for now.
6. Will Trump continue to speak with Flynn anyway?
Trump is known to pick up his cell phone. And Flynn is someone who was one of Trump's closest and most trusted national-security advisers during the campaign.
Flynn surely has that number. And there's some precedent for it. Trump has continued communication with other former aides and adviser, including Corey Lewandowski, who was was fired as Trump's campaign manager in June.
FREMONT, Ohio (AP) — A man accused in the slaying of an Ohio woman whose body was found in her car trunk has pleaded not guilty to aggravated murder and other charges in the 2015 death.
Forty-eight-year-old Daniel Myers entered the plea Tuesday in a Sandusky County court. He also is charged with kidnapping, aggravated robbery and tampering with evidence in 28-year-old Heather Bogle's death.
Myers wasn't represented by an attorney, but the judge says he will need to decide whether to retain one or have one appointed. Bond was set at $2 million.
Bogle's body was found April 10, 2015, in her car trunk at an apartment complex in Clyde.
Authorities say the Fremont woman was shot and beaten and went missing after leaving work at a plant where she and Myers worked.
Comments
comments
Aldi has recalled one of its food products owing to worries that it may be contaminated with small pieces of hard plastic.
The Rooster's Southern Fried Poppin' Chicken, which comes in 210g packs, may present a safety risk due to the presence of the plastic, which the supermarket giant says affects no other products,
The product in question
The items in question have lot number 1010170, and the Product Code are 45004 and 75744.
Anyone having purchased one of the products should not eat it, instead returning it to the store from where it was bought for a full refund.
BERLIN — Police say a burning bird falling from an overhead electric line set fire to a field in northern Germany that was parched by dry weather, torching some 7 hectares (17 acres) of land.
Police in the Baltic Sea port city of Rostock said witnesses reported that the bird caused a short-circuit in a railway power line and fell to the ground in flames. The neighbouring field then caught fire, and more than 50 firefighters were deployed to tackle the blaze on Tuesday evening.
Farmers in northeastern Germany have been complaining of the effects of a persistent lack of rain over the past two months.
By The Associated Press
Getty Image
Donald Trump's trip to Moscow for the 2013 Miss America Pageant remains to be the crux of the Steele's dossier, and by proxy, the FBI's investigation of the ties between Trump and Russia. How long Trump stayed in Russia, who he met with, whether he may or may not have watched Russian prostitutes urinate on one another and if Russia has video evidence of such activity remains to be a huge smoking gun.
According to Former FBI Director James Comey, while being briefed about the dossier as president-elect Trump himself denied existence of a pee tape by claiming that he didn't even stay overnight in Moscow for the pageant. (He also asked, “Do I look like a guy who needs hookers?”) The timeline Trump has provided of his trip has always been dubious, however, and newly obtained flight records from Politico seem to prove that his stay in Moscow in fact lasted from Friday to early Sunday.
Likewise, The Daily Beast spoke with Thomas Roberts, the host of the 2013 Miss Universe Pageant, who more or less confirmed that timeline:
“The first time I met Donald Trump it was in Moscow on November 8th, 2013,” the former NBC anchor said. “I taped a sit-down interview with Trump the next day on November 9th. That was also the date for the Miss Universe broadcast.” Roberts continued: “During the after-party for the Miss Universe event, Mr. Trump offered to fly me and my husband back to New York. He said he would be leaving directly from the party. We were unable to accept the invitation. That was the early morning hours of November 10th.”
Of course, this alone doesn't prove the existence of a pee tape, but it certainly casts shadowy doubt as to why Trump would outright lie to the director of the FBI if he wasn't up to no good, one way or another.
Roberts offered up only a “no comment” when asked if he had been interviewed as part of the Mueller investigation.
(Via Daily Beast)
He's here… and ‘It' looks absolutely terrifying.
The upcoming remake of Stephen King's ‘It' brings the classic horror tale to the big screen. And it looks as though Pennywise is every bit as terrifying as his previous incarnation… at least, if this creepy new photo is anything to go by.
Thanks to Entertainment Weekly, we get another, closer look at Bill Skarsgard in period garb as everyone's favourite killer clown.
And it really is quite disturbing.
– Death Wish Remake Coming November 2017
– Unbreakable And Split Are Getting A Sequel
– Die Hard Writer Clears Up Intriguing Plot Hole
Clearly, Skarsgard is dialling up the creep factor with this unsettling new image:
And he's enjoying every minute.
According to director Andy Muschietti, the iconic killer clown is relishing the fear and anguish he brings to the town of Derry… and the terror he strikes into each and every victim.
“He is present. It's not like one of those movies where you can hide the monster,” he explained. “He's front and centre, he does his show, and he has an act. He is a clown.”
“It's just that… Pennywise is really entertaining himself, taking the form of whatever frightens his prey the most, but always defaulting to the shape of this unsettling harlequin.”
“It truly enjoys the shape of the clown Pennywise, and enjoys the game and the hunt,” added the man behind the makeup, Bill Skarsgard. “What's funny to this evil entity might not be funny to everyone else. But he thinks it's funny.”
But that's not all – we've got another look at the Loser's Club, too:
Clearly, ‘It' has taken plenty of inspiration from ‘80s horror classics… and there's more than a subtle nod to the hit TV show, ‘Stranger Things', too. After all, ‘It' even includes one of the show's stars, Finn Wolfhard, as Loser's Club member, Richie Tozier.
Stephen King's ‘IT' stars Bill Skarsgård, Finn Wolfhard, Megan Charpentier, Nicholas Hamilton, Jaeden Lieberher, Sophie Lillis, Steven Williams and Owen Teague.
Andrés Muschietti directed the film, based on a script by Gary Dauberman, Chase Palmer, and Cary Joji Fukunaga.
Stephen King's ‘IT' opens in cinemas on 8 September 2017.
– 25 Things You Don't Know About Die Hard
– Elisabeth Shue Joins Death Wish Remake
– Keanu Returns In John Wick Chapter 2 Trailer
Related Coverage IS claims New Year's attack on Istanbul nightclub
ISTANBUL (AP) — Turkish police struggled Monday to track down a gunman who attacked New Year's Eve revelers at a popular Istanbul nightclub, killing at least 39 people, most of them foreigners. Close to 70 more were wounded.
The attacker, armed with a long-barreled weapon, killed a policeman and a civilian outside the Reina club around 1:15 a.m. before entering and firing at people partying inside, Istanbul Gov. Vasip Sahin said.
“Unfortunately, (he) rained bullets in a very cruel and merciless way on innocent people who were there to celebrate New Year's and have fun,” Sahin told reporters.
Nearly two-thirds of the people killed were foreigners, many from the Middle East, Turkey's state-run Anadolu Agency said. It said the bodies of 25 foreign nationals killed in the attack would be delivered to their families Monday.
Countries from India to Belgium reported their citizens among the casualties.
An estimated 600 people were celebrating inside the club, which is frequented by famous locals, including singers, actors and sports stars. Several shocked revelers were seen fleeing the scene after the shooting and the music fell silent.
There was no immediate claim of responsibility for what authorities immediately called a terrorist attack. Turkish officials did not comment on the possible identity or motives of the gunman.
The mass shooting followed more than 30 violent acts over the past year in Turkey, which is a member of the NATO alliance and a partner in the U.S.-led coalition fighting against the Islamic State group in Syria and Iraq. The country endured multiple bombings in 2016, including three in Istanbul alone that authorities blamed on IS, a failed coup attempt in July and renewed conflict with Kurdish rebels in the southeast.
President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan vehemently condemned “the terror attack in Istanbul's Ortakoy neighborhood in the first hours of 2017” and offered condolences for those who lost their lives, including the “foreign guests.”
Among the dead were an 18-year-old Israeli woman, three Indians, three Lebanese, a woman with dual French-Tunisian citizenship and her Tunisian husband, two Jordanians, a Belgian national, a Kuwaiti citizen and a Canadian, according to those countries' governments and a diplomat. Jordan's Foreign Ministry earlier said three of its citizens had been killed, but revised that, saying there was confusion over the nationality of one victim.
A U.S. State Department official, who spoke only on condition of anonymity, said one American man was among those wounded. Turkey's minister for family and social policies, Fatma Betul Sayan Kaya, said citizens of Saudi Arabia, Morocco, Lebanon and Libya were among those injured.
Interior Minister Suleyman Soylu said the gunman, who had not been identified, remained at large. “Our security forces have started the necessary operations. God willing, he will be caught in a short period of time,” Soylu said.
Private NTV news channel said the assailant was wearing a Santa Claus outfit when he entered the upscale nightclub on the shore of the Bosporus straight, on the European side of the city — a claim Prime Minister Binali Yildirim denied.
Security camera footage obtained by The Associated Press from Haberturk newspaper shows what appears to be a man dressed in black and carrying a backpack as he shoots down a police officer outside the nightclub. Footage taken by a different camera inside Reina shows a figure wearing different clothes and what could be a Santa Claus hat.
Yildirim said the attacker left a gun at the club and escaped by “taking advantage of the chaos” that ensued. Some customers reportedly jumped into the waters of the Bosporus to escape the attack.
Mehmet Dag, 22, said he was passing by the club when he saw a man shoot at a police officer and a bystander. He said the attacker then targeted security guards, gunning them down and entering the club.
“Once he went in, we don't know what happened. There were gun sounds, and after two minutes the sound of an explosion,” Dag said.
Turkish media said the local victims included a 22-year-old police officer and a 47-year-old travel agent, both of whom were shot outside the club.
One was given a funeral Sunday in Istanbul, where his two sons joined the mourners gathered around the flag-draped casket, the private Dogan news agency reported.
Ayhan Arik, a tourism company employee who had taken foreign guests to the nightclub, was shot in the head, the news agency said.
On Sunday, heavily armed police blocked the snowy street in front of the nightclub. The entrance was covered with blue plastic sheeting below a Turkish flag. Police also patrolled the Asian side of the Bosporus on the other side of the club.
Crime scene investigators were seen inside the nightclub searching through mingled piles of chairs, tables and pieces of clothing left behind during the panic among the guests.
There were emotional scenes in front of a city morgue where the dead were taken for identification. Some relatives cried out and fell to the ground as they apparently learned the fate of their loved ones.
The U.S. Consulate General in Istanbul on Sunday warned American citizens to keep their movements in the city “to an absolute minimum.” A statement reminded U.S. citizens that extremists “are continuing aggressive efforts to conduct attacks in areas where U.S. citizens and expatriates reside or frequent.”
The United States denied reports in Turkish new outlets and on social media that its security agencies knew in advance that the nightclub was at risk of a terror attack. The U.S. Embassy in Ankara said in a statement that “contrary to rumors circulating in social media, the U.S. Government had no information about threats to specific entertainment venues, including the Reina Club.”
Turkey faces a wide spectrum of security threats.
The Islamic State group claims to have cells in the country. Analysts think it was behind suicide bombings last January and March that targeted tourists on Istanbul's iconic Istiklal Street as well as a high-casualty suicide bomb and gun attack at Ataturk Airport in June.
In December, IS released a video purportedly showing the killing of two Turkish soldiers and urged its supporters to “conquer” Istanbul. Turkey's jets regularly bomb the group in the northern Syrian town of Al-Bab. Turkish authorities have not confirmed the authenticity of the video.
Turkey's violent 2016 also reflects the intensification of an armed conflict between the government and Kurdish rebels. Turkey-based Kurdish groups have claimed multiple suicide attacks. The government has said Kurdish affiliates in Syria and Iraq share responsibility.
Complicating matters, Turkey endured a coup attempt July 15, which the government blamed on a U.S-based Islamist cleric. A state of emergency has been in force since then, and authorities have purged key institutions, including the army and police.
The violence has left the nation on edge and kept tourists at bay. In Istanbul, a bustling city bridging Europe and Asia, the toll on the economy is evidenced in the closure of iconic restaurants and lowered hotel prices.
The nightclub attack drew quick condemnation from the West and Russia.
Russian President Vladimir Putin sent a telegram to Turkey's leader, saying that “it is hard to imagine a more cynical crime than killing innocent people during New Year celebrations.”
“However, terrorists don't share moral values. Our common duty is to combat terrorists' aggression,” Putin said.
The White House condemned what it called a “horrific terrorist attack” and offered U.S. help to Turkey. The U.N. Security Council condemned the “heinous and barbaric” assault in the “strongest terms.”
Yildirim, the prime minister, vowed to keep fighting terrorism, adding that “the terror that happens here today may happen in another country in the world tomorrow.”
___
Associated Press writer Zeynep Bilginsoy reported this story in Istanbul and AP writer Suzan Fraser reported from Ankara. AP writers Mehmet Guzel and Dusan Stojanovic in Istanbul; Dominique Soguel in Vannes, France; Jon Gambrell in Dubai, United Arab Emirates; Philippe Sotto in Paris; Deb Riechmann in Washington and Robert Gillies in Toronto contributed to this report.
In an age where the weather app is a tap away, we don't need to look far for a forecast. But what if you don't have internet? As you head out into spring, try it the old-fashioned way. Here are five hints from nature to help you decide whether to plan a picnic.
Open Pine, Weather's Fine
Curious about humidity? Pine cones are one of Mother Nature's most reliable hygrometers. Pine seeds travel by wind, so on days when weather is damp or rainy, cones will keep their seeds sealed inside. Once the air dries out, cone scales shrink and open, allowing seeds to escape with the breeze. If you're unsure of whether to bring an umbrella, check the cones.
Closed in the Morning, It'll be Pouring
Dandelion flowers close nightly, but if they're still shut in the morning, rain is on its way. Many different flora have evolved to protect themselves against the detrimental effects of wet weather, which can wash away pollen and dilute nectar. Tulips are also known for this trait.
Favored the Least is the Wind from the East
The winds bring all sorts of weather across our paths. However, wind from the east is a tell-tale sign of unsettled weather to come. The wind pattern around a low-pressure system, which brings stormy weather, is always counter-clockwise in the northern hemisphere. In North America, most of our weather systems travel west to northeast thanks to prevailing winds. As the low forges forward, the counter-clockwise wind that precedes it arrives from the east, meaning the so-called bad weather is still to come. That's why a developing east wind is a pretty sure sign that unsettled weather is on the way.
Clear Moon, Frost Soon
If you have a clear view of the winter moon at night, you can expect a brisk morning to follow. Without cloud cover to insulate the air, the Earth's heat rises, which causes surface temperatures to plummet. This quick drop often yields a blanket of frost the next day.
When Chimney Smoke Descends, The Nice Weather Ends
Chimney smokes that slides from the roof to the ground indicates wet weather is coming. Moisture in the air preceding a storm clings to smoke particles, weighing them down and causing them to sink instead of rise.
(Part Two)
When my parents were married in a large church wedding on a lovely June afternoon, there is no doubt that they became true partners for life, chasing my father's dream of building a successful farm and a happy family.
“I wanted it, because he wanted it,” his bride says today. “We had nothing at all, really, but I had complete faith we were going to make it because your dad was wise beyond his years.”
They were young. Oh, so young. Dad was 19, Mom just 17.
But the youth of 1950 were adults by that ripe age, having always worked to contribute to the family or pay their own way. They had seen boys return — or never return — from World War II, and knew the draft could pull them to Korea at any moment. Seven members of my mother's senior class were married, and she was one of them.
Life was to be lived, day by day, with a plan in place.
Dad was driving a 1939 Ford, purchased from his beloved vo-ag teacher. On their first date, driving a dirt road to visit Dad's aunt and uncle, holes in the floorboard had caused mud to splash on my mom's legs, which she politely ignored. It was this car she drove to Ashland High School every day to complete her senior year.
Their first apartment was a terrible dump, a place where many newlyweds had started out. They paid $55 a month rent but soon learned of a beautiful upstairs apartment for $65 a month on a lovely street. The walls were painted gray, the woodwork a crisp white.
Mom pretended to know how to cook, and Dad pretended to like every single dish. Dad learned of a farm available to rent near Jeromesville, so he drove to Canton to discuss his desire to farm it.
The owners, Hugh and Ruth Funk, were impressed by the ambitious young man, and on Pearl Harbor commemoration day, 1951, the couple moved to the home that would welcome and raise their five children.
The home had no running water and no bathroom. “So, I can tell you, it was definitely love!” my mother jokes.
Dad pumped and carried water which Mom would warm on the stove, complete her morning chores, then drive to school.
A daily life economics teacher argued with her student's financial listings of monthly income and expenses.
“This can't be right,” said the teacher. “Where is your monthly rent expense?”
Mom explained they did not pay rent; they were farming “on the shares” and saving every penny they could. The exasperated teacher shook her head, not knowing how to account for such a thing.
Mom purchased an aging sofa, carried it to a side porch and painted the entire thing brown. She laughs, saying, “It took me forever, and took even longer to dry.”
She bought broadcloth and quickly made drapes for the many windows before her girlfriends came to visit.
Mom graduated in 1952, already busy with her own chickens, calves, a large lawn and a house that required a lot of work. Dad worked his job all day, then came home and farmed all night. He rented extra ground every chance he got, hoping to build savings to one day buy it.
“Nothing was easy, and yet it didn't feel like work. We both were busy around the clock, often with very little to show for it, but we knew it would one day be easier. We made do, and felt proud of ourselves, really.”
In February 1953, the couple welcomed their first baby, a girl with blue eyes and a joyous disposition.
“Our love just kept growing,” Mom says.
All these years later, it is clear that it still does.
Next week: Part Three
Last week: Part One
Deadliest Catch star Blake Painter has died at the age of 38, E! News can confirm.
A spokesperson with the Clastop County Sheriff's office says Painter's body was discovered by friends in his Oregon residence on Friday.
Painter was an expert crab fisherman and served as the captain of the F/V Maverick on seasons 2 and 3 of the Discovery Channel series, which aired in 2006 and 2007.
No foul play is suspected in the former reality TV star's death, authorities shared. An autopsy and toxicology test will be performed to determine his cause of death.
The Municipal District of Bonnyville Council approved a $120,267,552 balanced 2017 budget (excluding non-cash depreciation) at its meeting on April 12. Although municipal tax revenues have declined, Council held mill rates at 2016 levels and continued to fund both operating and capital budgets with no change in service levels or community support.
The 2017 budget will be funded through $64.1 million in municipal taxes, $7.5 million in government grants and contributions, $18.1 million from General Revenues, such as fees, equipment replacement program, and reserves. A further $15.8 million will come from transfers from surplus (reserve funds carried over from projects and funds remaining from previous years' budgets).
To cover the requisitions for school taxes and seniors housing, the M.D. is required to collect an additional $14.7 million through property taxes. The school requisitions are up $950,000, representing a 7.2% increase over last year's requisition. Any savings found in property taxes as a result of keeping mill rates flat over 2016 will be offset by the increase in provincial education taxes. The Lakeland Lodge and Housing requisition increased from $299,703 in 2016 to $491,738 in 2017. The increase was due to the loss of 52 units while new construction is being done in Bonnyville and Cold Lake for additional housing. The requisition will be reduced in 2019 when all the new units are completed. Both the school and lodge requisitions are uncontrollable costs to Council, as they are passed on to the M.D. by other orders of government to collect and remit.
In 2017, Council is again directing the majority of the budget to key infrastructure projects including roads, water lines, and trail systems. New in 2017 is $1.4 million for the Cold Lake Water Line and $1.0 million has been earmarked to continue work on the M.D. trail system. As in the past, Council's focus is to improve and maintain our largest assets – roads. “Council plans on continuing to pave and oil as many roads as possible, while ensuring, especially in this economy, that the municipality is able to maintain its staffing levels,” said Reeve Ed Rondeau.
The Ardmore Underground and Road Replacement Project will continue in 2017 with $2.1 million in funding. The paving of Gurneyville Road is scheduled to go ahead with a $6.4 million price tag.
Additionally, Council agreed to continue to fund the Seniors Transportation Grant at $60,000, while Community Halls and Societies will have access to $575,000 for capital and operating costs.
The M.D. has again set aside $5 million for the Inter Municipal Cooperation Program for collaboration with our urban neighbours, based on a per capita, equalized assessment model. The approximate distribution is; Village of Glendon $767,000, the City of Cold Lake $645,800 and the Town of Bonnyville $3,600,000 (this includes some $800,000 for the Bonnyville and District Centennial Centre). These government transfers will be adjusted when final population breakdowns are available.
Council continues to support the regional community's quality of life. In 2017 the Bonnyville Golf and Country Club will receive $150,000 for sprinkler system improvements, while the Walsh Football Field and Extreme Mudfest will see support of $240,000 and $8,000 respectively.
“Council agreed to support these three projects because they are a benefit to the region, both economically and recreationally. The golf course draws an incredible number of tourists to the area to play recreationally and in tournaments. Walsh Field will serve over 1,000 youth locally and will build on our Sport Tourism initiatives. Extreme Mudfest doubled its gate numbers last year and is projecting to do the same in 2017. These tourists bring a lot of money into the area,” Rondeau says.
The M.D. continues to provide funding support for the Bonnyville and Cold Lake museums, Beaver River Regional Waste Management Commission, Family and Community Social Services (FCSS) in Bonnyville and Cold Lake, the Bonnyville Regional Fire Authority and libraries in the two major urban communities.
“This is my tenth, and last budget, as the Reeve of the M.D. of Bonnyville,” Rondeau says. “Throughout those years Council has been financially prudent, using our resources in a responsible manner. We lived within our means. The 2017 budget continues to maintain our service levels to residents without raising the Residential and Non-Residential mill rates. We have upgraded our critical infrastructure, roads and buildings, while also supporting community organizations to improve the region's quality of life. As a Council, we have established a long standing and ongoing legacy for our municipality.”
The Biebs just needs somebody to love! The single pop star took to Instagram Stories on Tuesday to post a melancholy black and white clip of himself.
"All I ever wanted was a Valentine, and now I don't even have a Valentine," Bieber, 22, lamented.
MORE: Justin Bieber Has Near Run-In With Selena Gomez and The Weeknd at GRAMMYs After-Party
Bieber hasn't gone public with a girlfriend since he dated model Sofia Richie back in August. He also hasn't been shy about his dislike for ex Selena Gomez's new man, The Weeknd.
Bieber previously told reporters that The Weeknd's music was "whack" and mocked the "Starboy" singer during a recent Instagram Story video.
Gomez seemingly spent Valentine's Day apart from her new love, but did post a sexy shot in a red mini-dress to Instagram after spending the day at New York Fashion Week, attending the Coach show.
WATCH: Selena Gomez Parties With The Weeknd After GRAMMYs, While Justin Bieber Continues to Diss 'Starboy' Singer
Fresh off his GRAMMYs performance, The Weeknd hit up an arcade with pals on V-Day.
Prior to the awards show, Gomez and The Weeknd were spotted having a romantic date night aboard a yacht. For more on their PDA-happy excursion, watch the clip below!
Related Articles
From Digital Spy
Mr Robot star Christian Slater has opened up about his cameo role in 1991's Star Trek VI: The Undiscovered Country – and yes, his mum helped him land the gig.
Slater was a huge Trek fan, and a pretty big star by that time too, having already appeared in the likes of 1989's Heathers and 1991's Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves as the Will Scarlett to Kevin Costner's Robin Hood.
But when it came to landing a cameo part, it seems it was very much a case of who you know – and in this case, that was his mum Mary Jo Slater, who happened to be the casting director on the film.
View photos Photo credit: Sylvain Gaboury/FilmMagic / Getty Images More
[Christian Slater with mum Mary Jo in 2005]
"Oh yes," he said on Graham Norton's BBC Radio 2 programme today (December 9) when asked about how the cameo came about. "My mother was the casting director, so...
"Yeah, that was a bit of nepotism there for me. I'm not even going to kid around, I had an in, and that was it."
Slater appeared in the film in a cameo role as an unnamed night-duty officer, who is credited as Excelsior Communications Officer.
View photos Photo credit: CBS / Paramount More
And while Slater was being candid about his Star Trek past, he also opened up about some of his more nefarious actions on set too.
"I stole the costume, by the way," he added. "I have it in a box somewhere. It was William Shatner's costume from Star Trek II, actually."
And when Graham asked if he got to keep it, Slater replied: "Well, I wasn't supposed to. I walked off [the set]."
Well, there we have it. Don't invite Slater to cameo in anything if you want to keep the costume afterward.
Want up-to-the-minute entertainment news and features? Just hit 'Like' on our Digital Spy Facebook page and 'Follow' on our @digitalspy Twitter account and you're all set.
You Might Also Like
WASHINGTON (AP) — Senate committee says it has delayed Wednesday's confirmation hearing for Trump's VA nominee Ronny Jackson.
By Carly Petrone
Need to escape the city heat? Head to upstate New York and enjoy farm-to-table restaurants, adorable B&Bs and plenty of outdoor activities. Here are five of our favorite places to explore.
Saratoga Springs
www.saratoga.com
Head north to Saratoga Springs and enjoy a trip to the races! There's still time to place your bets at the Saratoga Racecourse as well as enjoy a polo match at Whitney Field. If relaxing is more your speed, take a drive into Saratoga Spa State Park and relieve some stress while bathing in one of their many naturally carbonated mineral baths. Beer and wine drinkers will be happy to know that there are plenty of distilleries and wineries in the area to explore including Druthers Brewing Company, Halfmoon Cellars, The Saratoga Winery & Tasting Room, and Olde Saratoga Brewing Company. Pick up some souvenirs at quaint little stores like the Adirondack Cigar Shop or Saratoga Sweets Candy Co. Whether you're in the mood for a massage at the Roosevelt Baths & Spa or a peaceful fishing trip along Saratoga Lake, there's more than enough ways to enjoy the summer at this popular upstate destination.
See More: NYC's 6 Best Spas
Sullivan Catskills
sullivancatskills.com
Just 90 minutes from New York City, the Sullivan Catskills will whisk you away to a place filled with countryside, great food and plenty of places to explore. Check out a live concert at nearby BethelWoods Center For The Arts (the historic site of the 1969 Woodstock festival) or try one of their many farm-to-table restaurants like the Pickled Owl, the Fat Lady Café, or Matthew's On Main. Grab the Good Taste Artisanal Beverage Trail Map and set out with your friends for a day of wine and beer tasting at local wineries and breweries. If you're looking for something fun to do in the evening, check out the Monticello Casino & Raceway. Fall asleep at a quaint bed & breakfast or feel like a resident by renting a cottage, cabin, or bungalow. You can't beat a relaxin swing on the front porch!
See More: Best Fall Foliage In The USA
Buffalo, NY
www.ci.buffalo.ny.us
Have you been up to Buffalo lately? It's certainly going through a transformation thanks to its redeveloped waterfront area, a brand new multi-million dollar hockey and entertainment complex and craft distilleries popping up throughout town. Don't worry, its impressive turn-of-the-20th century American architecture is still a highlight of the city while its vibrant culinary scene has seen quite a revamp over the past few years. The Grange Community Kitchen, Billy Club, and BreadHive Café are just a few restaurants that have opened up their doors recently. Of course, you can always grab some traditional classics like Sponge Candy and Beef on Weck or test out Larkin Square's Food Trucks on Tuesdays. Art lovers can stroll through the world-renowned Albright-Knox Art Gallery, featuring works by Pablo Picasso, Andy Warhol, Jackson Pollock and more. Take the kiddos to the newly renovated Canalside area by the waterfront and enjoy Sunset Sundays, Tuesday Night Movie Series and Summer Reading hours. It's certainly a family-friendly town with plenty of activities that adults can also enjoy.
See More: Hit The Road: Summer Road Trip Must Haves
Niagara Falls, NY
www.niagarafallsusa.com
It's time to explore Niagara Falls all over again. Experience one of the natural wonders of the world by escaping to the wilderness where acres of pristine hiking trails, delicious local food and live entertainment along Old Falls Street await you. If you're feeling adventurous, sign up for a helicopter tour with Rainbow Air or a jet boat ride with Whirlpool Jetboat Tours. You'll get to discover majestic views of the American and Canadian Falls from the air or experience a 45 to 60 minute guided tour of the Niagara River Gorge – and watch out for the class 5 white water rapids through the Devil's Hole! Families can dive into the aquatic world at the Aquarium of Niagara while thrill-seekers can ride an elevator 175 feet deep into the Niagara Gorge. Here, visitors can put on bright yellow ponchos and special footwear and then follow a guide to the famous “Hurricane Deck,” where you are a mere 20 feet from the billowing torrents of Bridal Veil Falls. It's certainly a moment you'll never forget!
See More: Top Natural Wonders In The USA
New Paltz, NY
www.townofnewpaltz.org
Mark your calendars for September 17th because the Taste of New Paltz Festival is taking place at Ulster County Fairgrounds in New Paltz. From 11 a.m. – 5 pm. the entire family can nosh on great food, listen to live entertainment and take part in the Kids Expo (hello pony rides and face painting!). Sip on craft beers from Allagash, Sixpoint and Stone Brewing Co. or go shopping for handmade jewelry made by local artists. Stick around for the rest of the weekend and check out the farmers markets, produce stands and shops – there are also plenty of farms to tour. Dressel Farms, Apple Hill Farm, and Taliaferro Farms have seasonal activities such as apple picking and pumpkin picking so it's easy to get the entire family involved. You can even visit one of the oldest streets in the U.S. Take a stroll down Historic Huguenot Street, which was established back in 1894 and enjoy a little piece of history. It's hard to believe this quaint little town is less than three hours away from New York City.
See More: 4 Great Fall Getaways For Every Kind Of Vacation
(AP Photo/Don Ryan). In this Tuesday, May 29, 2018 photo, Tree PDX marijuana shop owner Brooke Smith poses for a photo outside her small shop in Portland, Ore. Smith is a member of the newly formed Oregon Craft Cannabis Alliance which will launch an ad...
(AP Photo/Don Ryan). In this Tuesday, May 29, 2018 photo, Adam Smith, left, founder and executive director, Oregon Craft Cannabis Alliance, is shown a marijuana variety called Cherry Skunk by Tree PDX marijuana shop owner Brooke Smith at her shop in Po...
(AP Photo/Don Ryan). In this Tuesday, May 29, 2018 photo, Adam Smith, left, founder and executive director, Oregon Craft Cannabis Alliance, is shown a variety of edible marijuana products by Tree PDX marijuana shop owner Brooke Smith at her shop in Por...
(AP Photo/Andrew Selsky, File). FILE - In this Sept. 30, 2016, file photo, a marijuana harvester examines buds going through a trimming machine near Corvallis, Ore. Three years after Oregon lawmakers created the state's new legal marijuana program, mar...
By GILLIAN FLACCUS
Associated Press
PORTLAND, Ore. (AP) - When Oregon lawmakers created the state's legal marijuana program, they had one goal in mind above all else: to convince illicit pot growers to leave the black market.
That meant low barriers to entry that also targeted long-standing medical marijuana growers, whose product is not taxed. As a result, weed production boomed - with a bitter consequence.
Now, marijuana prices here are in freefall, and the craft cannabis farmers who put Oregon on the map decades before broad legalization say they are in peril of losing their now-legal businesses as the market adjusts.
Oregon regulators on Wednesday announced they will stop processing new applications for marijuana licenses in two weeks to address a severe backlog and ask state lawmakers to take up the issue next year.
Experts say the dizzying evolution of Oregon's marijuana industry may well be a cautionary tale for California, where a similar regulatory structure could mean an oversupply on a much larger scale.
"For the way the program is set up, the state just wants to get as many people in as possible, and they make no bones about it," Hilary Bricken, a Los Angeles-based attorney specializing in marijuana business law, said of California. "Most of these companies will fail as a result of oversaturation."
Oregon has nearly 1 million pounds (453,600 kilograms) of marijuana flower - commonly called bud - in its inventory, a staggering amount for a state with about 4 million people. Producers told The Associated Press wholesale prices fell more than 50 percent in the past year; a study by the state's Office of Economic Analysis found the retail cost of a gram of marijuana fell from $14 in 2015 to $7 in 2017.
The oversupply can be traced largely to state lawmakers' and regulators' earliest decisions to shape the industry.
They were acutely aware of Oregon's entrenched history of providing top-drawer pot to the black market nationwide, as well as a concentration of small farmers who had years of cultivation experience in the legal, but largely unregulated, medical pot program.
Getting those growers into the system was critical if a legitimate industry was to flourish, said Sen. Ginny Burdick, a Portland Democrat who co-chaired a committee created to implement the voter-approved legalization measure.
Lawmakers decided not to cap licenses; to allow businesses to apply for multiple licenses; and to implement relatively inexpensive licensing fees.
The Oregon Liquor Control Commission, which issues licenses, announced Wednesday it will put aside applications for new licenses received after June 15 until a backlog of pending applications is cleared out. The decision comes after U.S. Attorney Billy Williams challenged state officials to address Oregon's oversupply problem.
"In my view, and frankly in the view of those in the industry that I've heard from, it's a failing of the state for not stepping back and taking a look at where this industry is at following legalization," Williams told the AP in a phone interview.
But those in the industry supported the initial decisions that led to the oversupply, Burdick said.
"We really tried to focus on policies that would rein in the medical industry and snuff out the black market as much as possible," Burdick said.
Lawmakers also quickly backtracked on a rule requiring marijuana businesses have a majority of ownership by someone with Oregon residency after entrepreneurs complained it was hard to secure startup money. That change opened the door to out-of-state companies with deep pockets that could begin consolidating the industry.
The state has granted 1,001 producer licenses and has another 950 in process as of last week. State officials worry if they cut off licensing entirely or turn away those already in the application process, they'll get sued or encourage illegal trade.
Some of the same parameters are taking shape in California, equally known for black-market pot from its Emerald Triangle region.
The rules now in effect there place caps only on certain, medium-sized growing licenses. In some cases, companies have acquired dozens of growing licenses, which can be operated on the same or adjoining parcels. The growers association is suing to block those rules, fearing they will open the way for vast farms that will drive out smaller cultivators.
Beau Whitney, senior economist at national cannabis analytics firm New Frontier Data, said he's seeing California prices fall.
In contrast, Washington knew oversupply could draw federal attention and was more conservative about licensing. As the market matured, its regulators eased growing limits, but the state never experienced an oversupply crisis.
Colorado has no caps on licenses, but strict rules designed to limit oversupply allow the state to curtail a growers' farm size based on past crop yields, existing inventory, sales deals and other factors.
In Oregon, cannabis retail chains are emerging to take advantage of the shake-up.
A company called Nectar has 13 stores around the state - with three more on tap - and says on its website it is buying up for-sale dispensaries too. Canada-based Golden Leaf Holdings bought the successful Oregon startup Chalice and has six stores around Portland, with another slated to open.
William Simpson, Chalice's founder and Golden Leaf Holdings CEO, is expanding into Northern California, Nevada and Canada. Simpson welcomes criticism that he's dumbing down cannabis the same way Starbucks brought coffee to a mass market.
"If you take Chalice like Starbucks, it's a known quantity, it's a brand that people know and trust," he said.
Amy Margolis, executive director of the Oregon Cannabis Association, says that capping licenses would only spur even more consolidation in the long-term. The state is currently working on a study that should provide data and more insight into what lies ahead.
"I don't think that everything in this state is motivated by struggle and failure," she said. "I'm very interested to see ... how this market settles itself and (in) being able to do that from a little less of a reactionary place."
For now, Oregon's smaller marijuana businesses are trying to stay afloat.
A newly formed group will launch an ad campaign this fall to tell Oregonians why they should pay more for mom-and-pop cannabis. Adam Smith, who founded the Oregon Craft Cannabis Alliance, believes 70 percent of Oregon's small growers and retailers will go out of business if consumers don't respond.
"We could turn around in three to four years and realize that 10 to 12 major companies own a majority of the Oregon industry and that none of it is really based here anymore," he said. "The Oregon brand is really all about authenticity. It's about people with their hands in the dirt, making something they love as well as they can. How do we save that?"
___
Associated Press writers Gene Johnson in Seattle, Michael R. Blood in Los Angeles and Kathleen Foody in Denver contributed to this report.
___
Flaccus is a member of the AP's marijuana beat team. Follow her on Twitter at https://twitter.com/gflaccus. Follow complete AP marijuana coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/LegalMarijuana
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
MK Yehuda Glick (Likud) announced Monday evening that he will vote with the coalition in favor of the proposed Supermarket Law.
The announcement came after the Minister of Justice, the Minister of Health and the chairman of the coalition agreed that the coalition would adopt a bill that would prohibit advertising and marketing of tobacco products altogether, except in the printed press.
Stay connected: The official MLS app keeps you connected with the latest news, highlights, scores, standings, and analysis all for FREE. Download for iOS (Apple) or Download for Android
Transcript for Giuliani warns of Mueller 'doing a Comey'
First public should have an explanation we'll foment. I really want them because I don't begin then a court on first and second trial. The only way they could rob Goodman. The judges like Ellis. About you know being one right there are only doing it to track. We're. Oh yeah I. Metals well he does that really doesn't. A file a report by September 1. September. So we'll be fire resilient than all the reports I don't think. Easy and affordable. Don't. Leave it there gentlemen please pull your leader over the next order season. You write this maybe mistake the American people have concluded that impeachment not. David Remnick can save the park and featured everything that's found. In the flooding at a graphic meaning meaning meddling in the election. Hillary in July. Can for the far you're gonna get a report from bar which I believe.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
White Nationalists: Charlottesville Only the Beginning
by Rashad Snell
White nationalists say Charlottesville, Virginia, was a landmark in what they are calling an expanding drive to promote their agenda.
A counter-demonstrator was killed when a car plowed into a crowd, and the U.S. Justice Department says it will investigate.
But white nationalists are portraying the overall demonstration as a victory because hundreds of supporters attended. And they say more events are coming.
A pro-Confederate group has asked to rally in support of a statue of Gen. Robert E. Lee next month in Richmond, Virginia. And the University of Florida says white nationalist Richard Spencer has asked to speak there.
THIS IS A BREAKING NEWS UPDATE. Check back soon for further information. AP's earlier story is below.
Emboldened and proclaiming victory after a bloody weekend in Virginia, white nationalists are planning more demonstrations to promote their agenda following the violence that left a woman dead and dozens injured.
The University of Florida said white provocateur Richard Spencer, whose appearances sometimes stoke unrest, is seeking permission to speak there next month. And white nationalist Preston Wiginton said he is planning a “White Lives Matter” rally at Texas A&M University in September.
Also, a neo-Confederate group has asked the state of Virginia for permission to rally at a monument to Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee in Richmond on Sept. 16, and other events are likely.
“We're going to be more active than ever before,” Matthew Heimbach, a white nationalist leader, said Monday.
James Alex Fields Jr., a young man who was said to idolize Adolf Hitler and Nazi Germany in high school, was charged with killing a woman by slamming a car into a group of counter-protesters at a white nationalist rally Sunday in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Fields, 20, who recently moved to Ohio from his home state of Kentucky, was held without bail on murder charges. He was photographed at the rally behind a shield bearing the emblem of the white nationalist Vanguard America, though the group denied he was a member.
Two state troopers also died Sunday when their helicopter crashed during an effort to contain the violence.
The U.S. Justice Department said it will review the violence, and Attorney General Jeff Sessions told ABC that the death of counter-protester Heather Heyer, 32, met the definition of domestic terrorism.
White nationalists said they were undaunted.
Heimbach, who said he was pepper-sprayed during the melee in Charlottesville, called the event Saturday “an absolute stunning victory” for the far right because of the large number of supporters who descended on the city to decry plans to remove a statue of Lee.
Hundreds of white nationalists, white supremacists, neo-Nazis, Ku Klux Klan members and others were involved, by some estimates, in what Heimbach, leader of the Traditionalist Workers Party, called the nation's biggest such event in a decade or more. Even more opponents turned out, and the two sides clashed violently.
A neo-Nazi website that helped promote the gathering said there will be more events soon.
“We are going to start doing this nonstop. Across the country,” said the site, which internet domain host GoDaddy said it was shutting down after it mocked the woman killed in Charlottesville.
The head of the National Socialist Movement, Jeff Schoep, said Charlottesville was a “really good” white nationalist event that was being overshadowed by the deaths. “Any time someone loses their lives it's unfortunate,” he said.
He blamed the violence on inadequate police protection and counter-demonstrators and said he doubts white nationalists will be deterred from attending more such demonstrations.
Preserving memorials to the Old South has become an animating force for the white nationalist movement, not because all members are Southern, Schoep said, but because adherents see the drive to remove such monuments as part of a larger, anti-white crusade.
“It's an assault on American freedoms. Today it's Confederate monuments. Tomorrow it may be the Constitution or the American flag,” Schoep said.
At the University of Florida, where Spencer has asked to speak, President W. Kent Fuchs called the events in Virginia “deplorable” but indicated school officials might be unable to block his appearance.
“While this speaker's views do not align with our values as an institution, we must follow the law, upholding the First Amendment not to discriminate based on content and provide access to a public space,” Fuchs said in a message on the university's Facebook page.
Auburn University spent almost $30,000 in legal fees in an unsuccessful attempt to prevent Spencer from speaking on its campus in Alabama in April.
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Eileen Ivers, July 5, 7 p.m., Ballard Park, 485 Main St., Ridgefield. Irish fiddle. Free. Info: chirpct.org.
Otis and The Hurricanes, July 8, 5:30 p.m., Weston Historical Society, 104 Weston Rd., Weston. Tickets $15 members, $20 non-members. Info: westonhistoricalsociety.org.
Las Cafeteras, July 10, 7 p.m., Ballard Park, 485 Main St., Ridgefield. Free. Info: chirpct.org.
The Stratford Community Concert Band, July 10, 7 p.m., Paradise Green Gazebo, 121 Huntington Rd., Stratford. Free.
Poor Man's Whiskey, July 11, 7:45 p.m., Fairfield Theatre Company, 70 Sanford St., Fairfield. Tickets $28. Info: farifieldtheatre.org.
The Conn Artists, July 12, 5 p.m., Wilton Library, 137 Old Ridgefield Rd., Wilton. Free. Info: wiltonlibrary.org.
The Birds of Chicago, July 12, 7 p.m., Ballard Park, 485 Main St., Ridgefield. Free. Info: chirpct.org.
Chris Smither, July 12, 7:45 p.m., Fairfield Theatre Company, 70 Sanford St., Fairfield. Tickets $35. Info: fairfieldtheatre.org.
Dennis Quaid and the Sharks, July 14, 8 p.m., Ridgefield Playhouse, 80 East Ridge Rd., Ridgefield. Tickets $75. Info: ridgefieldplayhouse.org.
Gil Parris, July 14, 8 p.m., Bijou Theatre, 275 Fairfield Ave., Bridgeport. Tickets $20-$35. Info: BijouTheatreCT.net.
Cameron Chase, July 16, 7 p.m., Stratford Library, 2203 Main St., Stratford. Free. Info: stratfordlibrary.org.
Global Arts Live, July 17, 10 a.m., Stamford Palace, 60 Atlantic Ave., Stamford. Experience the colors, sounds and excitement of traditional art forms from around the world. Highlighting music from Native American, Early American and Japanese culture. Members of the Thunderbird American Indian Dancers will sing, dance and play hand held drums. In Colonial dress, Linda Russell will sing and play the hammer dulcimer and the mountain dulcimer. Members of Taikoza will also play large taiko drums, bamboo flutes and the koto — a 13-string instrument that sits on the floor. Tickets $8. Info: palacestamford.org.
The Revelers, July 17, 7 p.m., Ballard Park, 485 Main St., Ridgefield. Free. Info: chirpct.org.
Old Crow Medicine Show, July 17, 8 p.m., College Street Music Hall, 238 College St., New Haven. Tickets $35-$40. Info: collegestreetmusichall.com
Little Feat, July 18, 8 p.m., Ridgefield Playhouse, 80 East Ridge Rd., Ridgefield. Tickets $125. Info: ridgefieldplayhouse.org.
Billy & the Showmen, July 19, 5 p.m., Wilton Library, 137 Old Ridgefield Rd., Wilton. Free. Info: wiltonlibrary.org.
Molly Tuttle Band, July 19, 7 p.m., Ballard Park, 485 Main St., Ridgefield. Bluegrass. Free. Info: chirpct.org.
Ronnie Milsap, July 19, 7:30 p.m., Ridgefield Playhouse, 80 East Ridge Rd., Ridgefield. Tickets $67. Info: ridgefieldplayhouse.org.
The Soul Rebels, July 19, 7:45 p.m., Fairfield Theatre Company, 70 Sanford St., Fairfield. Tickets $28. Info: fairfieldtheatre.org.
Dickey Betts Band, July 20, 8 p.m., Ridgefield Playhouse, 80 East Ridge Rd., Ridgefield. He will perform at the BBQ, Bourbon & Beer Summer Gala. Tickets $150. Info: ridgefieldplayhouse.org.
The Magpie Salute, July 21, 8 p.m., Fairfield Theatre Company, 70 Sanford St., Fairfield. Tickets $48. Info: fairfieldtheatre.org.
Don McLean, July 21, 8 p.m., Ridgefield Playhouse, 80 East Ridge Rd., Ridgefield. Tickets $69.50. Info: ridgefieldplayhouse.org.
An Evening With Cracker, July 22, 7:45 p.m., Fairfield Theatre Company, 70 Sanford St., Fairfield. Tickets $32. Info: fairfieldtheatre.org.
Chris Robinson Brotherhood, July 22, 8 p.m., Fairfield Theatre Company, 70 Sanford St., Fairfield. Tickets $35. Info: fairfieldtheatre.org.
Adam Ant, July 22, 8 p.m., Ridgefield Playhouse, 80 East Ridge Rd., Ridgefield. Tickets $125-$225. Info: ridgefieldplayhouse.org.
Dustbowl Revival, July 24, 7 p.m., Ballard Park, 485 Main St., Ridgefield. Free. Info: chirpct.org.
ZZ Ward, July 24, 8 p.m., Fairfield Theatre Company, 70 Sanford St., Fairfield. Tickets $29. Info: fairfieldtheatre.org.
The Bacon Brothers, July 24, 8 p.m., Ridgefield Playhouse, 80 East Ridge Rd., Ridgefield. Tickets $67. Info: ridgefieldplayhouse.org.
Mary Chapin Carpenter, July 25, 7:30 p.m., Ridgefield Playhouse, 80 East Ridge Rd., Ridgefield. Tickets $77.50. Info: ridgefieldplayhouse.org.
The Hunts, July 25, 7:45 p.m., Fairfield Theatre Company, 70 Sanford St., Fairfield. Tickets $17. Info: fairfieldtheatre.org.
Steve Kazlauskas, July 26, 5 p.m., Wilton Library, 137 Old Ridgefield Rd., Wilton. Free. Info: wiltonlibrary.org.
Hot Club of Cowtown, July 26, 7 p.m., Ballard Park, 485 Main St., Ridgefield. Free. Info: chirpct.org.
Femi Kuti, July 26, 7:30 p.m., Ridgefield Playhouse, 80 East Ridge Rd., Ridgefield. Tickets $39.50. Info: ridgefieldplayhouse.org.
Barefoot Truth, July 27, 7:45 p.m., Fairfield Theatre Company, 70 Sanford St., Fairfield. Tickets $28. Info: fairfieldtheatre.org.
Montgomery Gentry, July 27, 8 p.m., Ridgefield Playhouse, 80 East Ridge Rd., Ridgefield. Tickets $57.50-$77.50. Info: ridgefieldplayhouse.org.
Blackmore's Night, July 28, 7 p.m., Ridgefield Playhouse, 80 East Ridge Rd., Ridgefield. Tickets $52.50. Info: ridgefieldplayhouse.org.
Castlecomer, July 29, 7:45 p.m., Fairfield Theatre Company, 70 Sanford St., Fairfield. Tickets $15. Info: fairfieldtheatre.org.
Jamie McLean Band, July 31, 7 p.m., Ballard Park, 485 Main St., Ridgefield. Free. Info: chirpct.org.
The Steel Wheels, Aug. 2, 7 p.m., Ballard Park, 485 Main St., Ridgefield. String band. Free. Info: chirpct.org.
Jerry Douglas & The Earls of Leicester, Aug. 2, 8 p.m., Ridgefield Playhouse, 80 East Ridge Rd., Ridgefield. Tickets $44. Info: ridgefieldplayhouse.org.
Patty Smyth & Scandal, Aug. 4, 8 p.m., Ridgefield Playhouse, 80 East Ridge Rd., Ridgefield. Tickets $47.50. Info: ridgefieldplayhouse.org.
Radio Free Honduras, Aug. 7, 7 p.m., Ballard Park, 485 Main St., Ridgefield. Latin. Free. Info: chirpct.org.
Dark Star Orchestra, Aug. 8, 7:30 p.m., Ridgefield Playhouse, 80 East Ridge Rd., Ridgefield. Tickets $67. Info: ridgefieldplayhouse.org.
Erin Harpe & the Delta Swingers, Aug. 9, 7 p.m., Ballard Park, 485 Main St., Ridgefield. Blues. Free. Info: chirpct.org.
Jeff Daniels and The Ben Daniels Band, Aug. 12, 7:30 p.m., Ridgefield Playhouse, 80 East Ridge Rd., Ridgefield. Tickets $39.50. Info: ridgefieldplayhouse.org.
David Myles, Aug. 14, 7 p.m., Ballard Park, 485 Main St., Ridgefield. Free. Info: chirpct.org.
The Beach Boys, Aug. 15, 7 p.m., Ridgefield Playhouse, 80 East Ridge Rd., Ridgefield. Tickets $125. Info: ridgefieldplayhouse.org.
Della Mae, Aug. 16, 7 p.m., Ballard Park, 485 Main St., Ridgefield. Free. Info: chirpct.org.
Postmodern Jukebox, Aug. 16, 7:30 p.m., Ridgefield Playhouse, 80 East Ridge Rd., Ridgefield. Tickets $77-$110. Info: ridgefieldplayhouse.org.
Eli Young Band, Aug. 17, 8 p.m., Stamford Palace, 60 Atlantic Ave., Stamford. Tickets $32-$52. Info: palacestamford.org.
Quiet Giant, Aug. 18, 9 p.m., Icons Sports Bar & Grill, 80 Route 39, New Fairfield. Free. Info: quietgiant.bandcamp.com.
Janiva Magness, Aug. 21, 7 p.m., Ballard Park, 485 Main St., Ridgefield. Info: chirpct.org.
Ramy Essam, Aug. 23, 7 p.m., Ballard Park, 485 Main St., Ridgefield. Info: chirpct.org.
Los Texmaniacs, Aug. 28, 7 p.m., Ballard Park, 485 Main St., Ridgefield. Conjunto band. Free. Info: chirpct.org.
C.J. Chenier & the Red Hot Louisiana Band, Aug. 30, 7 p.m., Ballard Park, 485 Main St., Ridgefield. Zydeco. Free. Info: chirpct.org.
Brandon Lay, Aug. 30, 8 p.m., Stamford Palace, 60 Atlantic Ave., Stamford. Tickets $10. Info: palacestamford.org.
Shovels & Rope, Aug. 30, 8 p.m., Ridgefield Playhouse, 80 East Ridge Rd., Ridgefield. Tickets $49. Info: ridgefieldplayhouse.org.
‘Huge Investments In Agriculture, Infrastructure Panacea For Recession'
Economic analysts have urged the federal government not to relent in its determination to formulate policies that will boost the agriculture sector and ensure massive investment in infrastructure, if the country is desirous of exiting recession this year.
In chats with LEADERSHIP, the analysts commended the federal government's efforts in making the agricultural sector of the nation's economy a major means of economic diversification.
President of the Association of Bureau de Change Operators of Nigeria, Aminu Gwadabe, commended the government forits support for rice production in the country, saying the product is becoming a Nigerian brand now.
“They (government) should continue to encourage non-oil exports so as to widen the revenue base in terms of foreign revenue. Up until now, earnings from non-oil exports are still low,” he said.
Chief executive of Financial Derivatives Company Ltd, Bismarck Rewane, said there are opportunities in the commodities market as it is expected to perform better this year.
According to him, the prices of cocoa, palm oil and sugar are expected to rise in the New Year due to improved weather conditions as well as rising demand. He, however, noted that oil sector output will go from -22 per cent to 5 per cent in 2017.
Another analyst, Dr Biodun Adedipe, called on the federal government to put in place policies that would protect the local industry and ensure that foreign exchange earned by the country is not drained out.
He stressed the need to reduce foreign spending on what the country can produce by itself, such as petroleum products, saying the lack of government policies to protect the country from exploitation by foreigners has led to a drain of the nation's resources and foreign exchange.
He noted that China is taking over the Nigerian economy as the country is dominating the export and construction sector and taking out the foreign currency that should have been retained in the country.
On the agriculture sector, the executive director, Lake Chad Research Institute, Dr Oluwasina Olabanji, lamented that the N2.61 billion for the promotion and development of the wheat value chain would not take the economy very far.
He recalled that President Muhammadu Buhari had referred to the availability of the fund through the Central Bank of Nigeria's Anchor Borrowers Programme.
Olabanji said: “The 2017 budget of about N92 billion is grossly inadequate. Fortunately it is not too late and the National Assembly has the opportunity to double what the president is proposing.”
He further advised that the recapitalisation of the Bank of Agriculture (BOA) be completed within the first quarter of 2017 so that farmers can have access to funds and loans at the maximum of five per cent interest rate, noting that some countries operate as low as 2-3 per cent interest rates.
On the budgetary allocation of N1.0 billion for the establishment of mega regulatory agencies and N2.58 billion for detailed mineral resources, evaluation and others, he said, “It will not go 200 per cent, but it will go some way.”
Similarly, a former consultant with the ministry of agriculture and rural development, Prof. Olumuyiwa Osiname, is optimistic that the government is already in the right direction towards bringing the economy out of recession this year by putting agriculture first.
He said: “We must put value on our products by ensuring that if we produce, we must process. Take tomatoes, for instance, if we grow them, we must be able to can them and ensure they last through the seasons.''
For his part, the president of Soil Science Society of Nigeria (SSSN), Prof. Victor Chude, commended the efforts of the minister and minister of state for agriculture and rural development for their efforts in reflating the nation's economy through their work in the agriculture sector.
He urged the government to focus on providing resources that will ensure that lots of the bilateral agreements already entered into with other countries are continued.
“I am also aware that the Ministry of Environment is working with some partners from Israel on the desert-to-food programme. This is aimed at addressing issues of desertification. One would like to see this programme under the framework of the Great Green Wall,'' he said.
Prod Chude also advocated that all states of the federation should make adequate allocations to agriculture and also ensure that issues of infrastructure such as roads, power and others are addressed.
He urged President Muhammadu Buhari to encourage the state governments to get involved in agriculture and develop the crops they have comparative advantage in, citing the example of Lagos and Kebbi states' partnership on rice production recently.
The chairman, Nigerian Mining and Geosciences Society, Prof Olugbenga Okunlola, also commended the present administration for reviving the mining sector.
He noted that under the current administration, states for the first time now enjoy the 13 per cent derivation.
Okunlola also urged the federal government to strengthen concerned institutions to maximise the benefits accruable to the country, just as he noted that the private sector still has a role to play.
He also called for sustained political will on the part of government in reforming the sector.
Former chairman of Ikeja branch of the Manufacturers Association of Nigeria (MAN), Sam Ohuabunwa, in a chat with LEADERSHIP, yesterday, also stressed that Nigeria should focus on agriculture and manufacturing.
He said, “The surest way of working ourselves out of this recession and, perhaps, never to return to it again this year is to advocate a single-minded focus on manufacturing-production through value addition.
“If Nigeria pursues a determined manufacturing policy, most of our current economic challenges – high unemployment, high inflation, high exchange rate, etc, – will abate.''
Speaking on policy formulation, president of MAN, Frank Jacob, said policy responses by the government in the New Year will determine how fast the economy will recover from the current woe.
He advocated a framework to ensure liquidity in the foreign exchange market, relaxation of tight monetary policy, review of unnecessary protectionist policies, encouragement of investments in agriculture as well as food processing, among other measures, to restore investors' confidence.
On his part, the director-general, Lagos Chamber of Commerce and Industry, Mr. Muda Yusuf, told the government to adopt new measures such as the creation of new ideas, policy design and documentation for it to keep pace with the rapidly changing economy.
Yusuf also advised the government to prioritise appropriate policies that would help to drive the economy.
He condemned the implementation of a deficit budget, stressing that it was a setback for economic growth
Meanwhile, Uba Basil, managing director, Delta Marine Shipping Company, called on the federal government to declare a state of emergency in the maritime sector and to focus on the sector as it is doing in the agriculture sector.
An automotive and communications consultant, Dr Oscar Odiboh, urged the government to encourage locally made goods for the country.
For Engr. Jacob Adeosun, the president of Risk Managers Society of Nigeria (RIMSON), the way out of the present economic challenge is for the country to totally embrace risk management.
The president, Institute of Chartered Accountants of Nigeria (ICAN), Mr. Titus Soetan, urged people entrusted with managing institutions across the country, whether public or private sector, to be professional and imbibe ethics in the discharge of their duties.
The chairman/managing director of Mobil Oil Plc, Dr. Adetunji Oyebanji, spoke in the same vein, adding that SMEs remain the engine of growth of any economy and, as such, they need to be encouraged to thrive, especially in a troubled economy like Nigeria.
In an interview with LEADERSHIP, the president of Real Estate Development Association (REDAN), Rev Ugochukwu Chime, expressed optimism that the real estate sector offers the fastest means of resolving the current economic problems, especially youth employment which currently stands at over 60 per cent.
As for the first female president, Nigeria Institute of Quantity Surveyors (NIQS), Mrs. Mercy Iyortyer, Nigeria could overcome the current financial and unemployment crisis by utilising the services of professionals in project planning.
Meanwhile, though some analysts applauded the federal government for earmarking N2.24 trillion for capital expenditure in the 2017 budget, they, however said the amount was not enough to take the country out of recession.
The country director, Nigerian London Business Forum (NILOBF), Prof. Chris Onalo, noted that this is the first time the country is budgeting so much on capital expenditure and urged the federal government to judiciously use the money to carry out specific projects that will aid economic growth and development.
According to him, “What we need actually in the country today is the ability of government to fund capital projects. Over the years, we have seen recurrent expenditure taking the largest chunk of the budget, which has never taken us anywhere. We still remain a consuming economy; we fund our consumption so much and I think that, gradually, we are shifting away from that path. It is better for the government to empower the people and build more entrepreneurs than making people live from hand to mouth in the name of receiving salaries and wages.”
He, however, advised government to block all loopholes to ensure that the last kobo of that money is used for the capital projects they are meant for.
Analysts, who spoke on the N81 billion budgeted for Industry, Trade and Investment this year, commended the government, saying that if it is well implemented, the ministry will be able to revitalise the National Industrial Revolution Plan (NIPR), which manufacturers see as a proper means for diversification.
On the N277 billion budgeted for the Ministry of Transportation, Odiboh observed that it was not sufficient for the needs of the sector.
“I don't think that is enough coming from government. Today's business atmosphere requires less from government. It has to be private sector-driven to survive,” he said.
Managing director of SystemSpecs Ltd, John Obaro, noted that the government would make progress in the area of fund generation and management.
“The 2017 budget, as presented by President Muhammadu Buhari, has rooms for funds collection and disbursement, and Remita, the electronic payment platform running the federal government's Treasury Single Account (TSA), will do well in keeping track of the money generated and disbursed in a more transparent manner,'' he stated.
This post was syndicated from Nigerian News from Leadership News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
GENEVA (AP) — A group of U.N. human rights experts are expressing concerns about the health of the widow of late Nobel Peace Prize laureate Liu Xiaobo, saying the Chinese government should let her seek treatment wherever she wishes.
The independent experts commissioned by the U.N.'s Human Rights Council reiterated their call to Chinese authorities to indicate where Liu Xia is being held, and to release her.
The U.N. rights office says she has been under house arrest since 2010, when her husband won the Nobel prize. He died in custody last year.
The experts say Liu Xia reportedly suffers from "severe psychological distress," pointing to audio recordings released in May in which she pleads for help.
She was last seen in public at his funeral, accompanied by authorities.
If you're going to get sad once Game of Thrones ends its current short season at the end of August, there's a little glimmer of hope: The show's star Peter Dinklage has a movie coming out then. Rememory, a science fiction thriller also starring Julia Ormond and the late Anton Yelchin, is set to release on Google Play Movies for free on August 24th. After that, it hits select theaters on September 8th.
Getty Image
Tributes innumerable poured in to pay respect to the legacy and influence of David Bowie in the wake of his death in 2016. It's to his immense credit as an artist and a human being that even two years later, the outpouring of both grief and respect have yet to abate. Take for instance the recent petition that's been going around to rename the English city Aylesbury to “Aylesbowie” in his honor.
The petition, which currently has just over 100 signatures on Change.org, with a stated goal of getting 500, seeks to double-down on the town's association with Bowie. As many of his fans know, it was there, at the Aylesbury's Friars venue where Bowie debuted his now-iconic Ziggy Stardust persona for the first time back in 1971. According to the man behind the petition David Stopps, who spoke with the BBC, “since records began there have been 57 variations of the town's name.” Stopps has already been successful in crowdfunding an appeal to build a statue of Bowie in Aylesbury that will be unveiled on March 25th, so who's to say that a 58th change couldn't be in the offering?
In other Bowie-related news, it was also revealed today that the theatrical cut of the London production of his musical Lazarus will debut at Kings Theatre in Brooklyn on May 2, soundtracked, in the flesh, by the actual band who brought the show to life originally in New York. Though Ziggy may have departed for the stars, his presence on this planet remains wholly intact.
SAN DIEGO (KGTV) -- At least six people rushed to area hospitals Friday night, after a serious crash over the 805 Freeway.
The crash happened on Miramar Road near La Jolla Village Drive, according to police. Of the six people taken to the hospital, two were trauma patients - including one child.
10News Reporter Anthony Pura is at the scene learning more from police.
Very serious crash at Miramar Road & the 805. Emergency crews on scene. Details to follow @10News pic.twitter.com/ZqnUmnY9Vu — Anthony Pura (@10NewsPura) February 3, 2018
RELATED: Traffic conditions
Miramar Road is closed over the 805 and a flipped car remains at the scene. Car parts are still strewn all over the road, including what looks to be like parts of an engine.
Witnesses tell 10News they saw one of the vehicles suddenly veer into oncoming traffic, causing the crash. This has not yet been confirmed by police.
*This is a developing story. 10News will continue online, on social and tonight on 10News at 11 p.m.
Fast and the Furious actor Tyrese Gibson has said he turned down the chance to do his own spin-off from the films as he hit out at Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson for “breaking up the Fast family”.
Universal Pictures announced earlier this week the release of the ninth instalment of the franchise would be pushed by a year to April 2020.
Paul Walker, Vin Diesel and Tyrese Gibson arriving for the premiere of Fast and Furious 6 at the Empire Leicester Square, London (PA) More
Gibson, 38, has played Roman Pearce in five of the Fast and the Furious films.
The actor vented on Instagram to his more than eight million followers as he took a swipe at The Rock, who has appeared in a number of the franchises as Diplomatic Security Service agent Luke Hobbs.
Gibson previously alleged the alteration in the release date of the ninth film was linked to rumours that Johnson would be doing a spin-off of the film based on his character.
According to The Hollywood Reporter, a spin-off is being penned and is likely to focus solely on Hobbs, although some reports have suggested it may also include Jason Statham's character Deckard Shaw.
Gibson posted a photograph of the original Fast cast, including the late Paul Walker, and wrote: “Diversity, love, multi ethnic worldwide multi generational, United Nations, One Race, Fast Family … Until Dewayne showed up I guess this whole time he had a problem because he wasn't the ONLY ONE on the movie poster. I guess dreams do come true congratulations to @hhgarcia41 and @therock you guys are just amazing you really broke up the #FastFamily I tried to warn you guys…
“You thought I was hating. I was simply fighting to keep the family together what makes us great is when you see us all TOGETHER we don't fly solo….. #MyLastPost today.
“I got 3 years of venting on this clown – They offered but YOU didn't have to agree with a solo #HobbsMovie #OriginalFastFamily we salute you and stand on your shoulders #VinDiesel #PaulWalker #RobCohen #RomanTej were offered a spin off we TURNED IT DOWN!!!”
Johnson has not yet commented or responded to any of Gibson's posts or the reports about the spin-off.
Actor Vin Diesel, who has played one of the franchises main characters, Dominic Toretto, since the first film posted a photograph of himself, Gibson and Walker on Instagram, captioning it: “Brotherhood.”
Universal did not give a reason for the shift in dates of the next film.
The latest film in the series, The Fate Of the Furious, which also saw Dame Helen Mirren make a cameo, was a box-office success as it pulled in about 1.2 billion dollars, according to American business publication Forbes.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
By Tendai Kamhungira
Controversial businessman Wicknell Chivayo's woes continue to mount after he was dragged to the High Court on Tuesday for failing to pay for shares he bought in a local company.
According to court papers filed earlier this week, the first and second applicants in the matter are Chisholome Road Freeholder (Private) Limited and Five Chisholome Road Cluster One (Private) Limited, respectively.
The applicants are claiming $650 000 from the businessman, who is currently under pressure to clear his name over a string of multi-million dollar energy deals entered between him and the Zimbabwe Power Company (ZPC) — a unit of power utility Zesa Holdings.
“In March 2016, the first plaintiff entered into an agreement with the defendant (Chivayo) in terms of which the defendant purchased certain shareholding in the second plaintiff together with certain loan accounts.
“The effect of the agreement between the parties was to make the defendant the beneficial owner of an immovable property known as number 1 Rikitayo Villas, number 5 Chisholome Road, Ballantyne Park, Harare,” the court heard.
In terms of the agreement, the purchase price for the shareholding was $850 000 which required of $100 000, paid by the date of agreement.
A further $250 000 was payable on or before April 8, 2016 and the remaining $500 000 was to be paid by end of August 2016.
According to the court papers, in the event Chivayo failed to pay the full purchase price by end of August 2016, the agreement of sale would be increased by the sum of $150 000 for each period of 90 days.
“In breach of the agreement, the defendant failed to pay the full purchase price by 31st August 2016, and to date he had failed to pay the outstanding balance on the purchase price which is in the sum of $500 000.
“As a consequence of the breach, defendant has caused the 1st plaintiff to suffer contractual damages arising from the loss of value of money, which it was contemplated by the parties that the sum of $150 000 for every period of 90 days or part thereof would compensate.
“Despite demand to pay the outstanding balance of the purchase price and the damages for loss of value of money, defendant has failed or neglected to pay the same, and has instead sued the plaintiffs under case number HC6272/17 for an order in terms of Section 4 (2) of the Contractual Penalties Act (Chapter 8:04) seeking for reduction of the damages for loss of value for money for every period of 90 days that he remains in default or part thereof,” the court heard.
The litigants are now demanding payment of the purchase price and a further $150 000, which is the pre-estimated damage for the loss of value of money in respect of each period of 90 days, with effect from November 30, 2016 until the date of payment of the full purchase price.
Chivayo has not yet responded to the summons.
The businessman, known for flaunting and bragging about his wealth on social media, has been fighting to clear his name in the wake of corruption-related allegations surrounding his mega deals with ZPC.
An elite investigating unit, the National Economic Conduct Inspectorate (NECI) is currently digging into contracts between ZPC and Chivayo's company, Intratrek Zimbabwe (Private) Limited.
NECI recently ordered the businessman to submit his bank statements, contract documents and cash books as part of widening investigations into the ZPC deals.
Chivayo's deals have been marred in controversy following a $5 million pay-out to his company to work on a 100-megawatt Gwanda solar plant in a $200 million tender.
Apart from the Gwanda project, Chivayo was also awarded a further $73 million for the refurbishment of the Harare Power Station, $163 million for the restoration of the Munyati Power Station, and $248 million for the Gairezi Power project.
Chivayo's projects have attracted a lot of attention, including from Members of Parliament.
The parliamentary portfolio committee on Mines and Energy has been putting pressure on government to implement the moribund Gwanda solar energy project. Daily News
When it comes to Texas and Oklahoma, not much else needs to be said. The Red River Shootout is always something to pay attention to.
But Saturday's game between the No. 12 Sooners and the never-say-die Longhorns at the Frank Erwin Center in Austin, Texas, has all of the ingredients to be special. It also will have a lot to say about the pecking order in the Big 12.
Oklahoma star freshman guard Trae Young is likely to make his first and only appearance in Austin. A leading player of the year candidate, Young almost certainly will move on to the NBA next season.
Young scored 44 points -- 31 in the second half -- to carry Oklahoma to a 98-96 win over Baylor on Tuesday. He leads the nation in scoring (30.3 ppg) and assists and has now racked up at least 40 points four times this season.
In the past six games, Young reached the 40-point plateau three times.
"I'm just wanting to make the right play," Young said after the win over Baylor in which he was 16 of 19 from the free throw line. "I saw some gaps early on in the game. Got the bigs involved off some pick-and-rolls and things like that. Just wanted to be aggressive."
Rashard Odomes added 18 points for the Sooners (16-5, 6-2), Brady Manek had 16 and Khadeem Lattin added 15.
Texas (14-8, 4-5) heads home after a 73-71 overtime loss to No. 10 Texas Tech on Wednesday. The Longhorns were led by Roach's 20 points. Mohamed Bamba and Matt Coleman added 12 each and Eric Davis Jr. scored 11. Bamba also had 10 rebounds.
Texas has already played five overtimes in its 22 games, including three of its first nine Big 12 games. The Longhorns are 2-3 this year in overtime, including a 2-1 record in the conference (wins at Iowa State and home against No. 16/16 TCU).
The Longhorns played the extra period against Tech without three starters, who fouled out in the final minutes of regulation.
By Hayden Wright
Migos released their second studio album Culture in February and its followup Culture 2 could drop as soon as this month (via XXL). Culture 2 still doesn't have a release date, but Quavo, Offset and Takeoff sat down with MTV News to discuss the album's A-list guest appearances.
Related: Migos' Offset Speaks on Cardi B's Alleged Assault by Police
“We got a lot of records. We got records with Ty Dolla $ign, records with Big Sean, records with Drake, records with Travis—we gon' keep it going,” Quavo said.
While Culture 2 gets the finishing touches, Quavo said in a recent Beats 1 interview that he's working on some movie scripts for the Migos crew, in the tradition of great '90s hip-hop movies.
“I'm a '90s baby, and all my favorite movies got all the dope artists in them,” Quavo said. “Juice, Menace II Society, all the Snoop Dogg movies, Master P movies, I Got The Hook-Up, Baller Blockin' Big Tymers movies. Even Ice Cube, Cube killed it. That's what we're doing right now; we're looking into the script.”
After the release of the Republican memo on the FBI's role in the Russia investigation, George Stephanopoulos goes one-on-one with House Intelligence Committee ranking member Rep. Adam Schiff, D-Calif., and House Intelligence Committee member Rep. Will Hurd, R-Texas, exclusively on “This Week” Sunday.
And the Powerhouse Roundtable debates the week in politics, with ABC News senior congressional correspondent Mary Bruce, Weekly Standard editor Bill Kristol, TV One host Roland Martin, former Obama White House communications director and CNN contributor Jen Psaki, and former Trump White House communications director Anthony Scaramucci.
Like “This Week” on Facebook here. You can also follow the show on Twitter here.
Go here to find out when “This Week” is on in your area.
Muslim group hits Nigerian Army, NYSC again over Ramadan
A coalition of fifty Islamic Propagation Organisations, under the aegis of the Da'awah Coordination Council of Nigeria (DCCN), has once again lamented the conduct of some activities by the Nigerian Army and the National Youths Service Corps (NYSC), during the ongoing Ramadan fast. Speaking at a press conference held in Sokoto on Wednesday, National President […]
Muslim group hits Nigerian Army, NYSC again over Ramadan
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
As the team's Adam Burgasser explains: if there is life, it's the "hardy" sort. It would have to survive extreme conditions for billions of years, he says. The upshot? If there is life, humans will have plenty of time to find it. A dwarf like TRAPPIST-1 is so stable that it should last for 900 times longer than the current age of the universe (around 13.7 billion years), and its temperature will be very consistent throughout that time.
The big challenge is using the Hubble and James Webb telescopes to learn whether or not any of the planets have atmospheres like Earth's. If they do, knowing the rough age of the star will come in handy. It'll shed more light on how atmospheres evolve, and how long they can last in systems that are far older than humanity's home turf.
Spotify hasn't had a very smooth relationship with songwriters and artists in the past. It has agreed to multi-million dollar settlements in lawsuits that alleged it didn't properly pay publishers and songwriters and in attempts to build more trust, it has limited its free streaming option and purchased a company that streamlines information on proprietary rights. Last year, Spotify also launched Secret Genius -- a songwriter-focused initiative that includes an ambassador program, playlists, podcasts and an award show.
It's a little surprising something as simple as credits took this long, and it's probably not as good as higher royalties, but it's a good move -- one that Tidal also made in November -- since everyone involved in creating a song deserves to have their work acknowledged. In a statement, Annika Goldman, Spotify's director of music publishing operations, said, "The more we share information, the more opportunities we can help create for songwriters. This is just the beginning of making songwriter and producer credits more easily available to Spotify listeners, and we look forward to continually improving that information, in close collaboration with our music industry partners."
Transformation through Words… Poet, Writer & Spoken Word Artist Titilope Sonuga is Our #BellaNaijaWCW this Week
Titilope Sonuga is an award winning poet, writer, spoken word artist and civil engineer whose work has graced stages and pages across Nigeria and internationally. She has also dabbled into acting starring as Eki in NdaniTV‘s web series Gidi Up. In 2011, she won the Canadian Authors Association‘s Emerging Writer Award for her first collection of […]
The post Transformation through Words… Poet, Writer & Spoken Word Artist Titilope Sonuga is Our #BellaNaijaWCW this Week appeared first on BellaNaija.
This post was syndicated from BellaNaija. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
There has never been a women's luge athlete who has won more World Cup medals than Natalie Geisenberger. The same goes for world championship medals, same goes for Olympic medals.
Her resume is beyond compare.
So she's the best ever to slide, right?
"No," she says, adamantly. "I'm not the best."
She may not think so, but plenty of people in the luge world think otherwise. There may no other athlete at the Pyeongchang Olympics — not Lindsey Vonn, not Mikaela Shiffrin, not Nathan Chen — more expected to win than Geisenberger, the star attraction of a juggernaut German luge program that has been miles ahead of the rest of the world for generations.
"I'm not one who looks to the number of races or being on the podium," Geisenberger said .
Maybe she should. Here's a baffling comparison: The United States, in its entire World Cup luge history, has 45 gold medals. Geisenberger has 43 golds in singles races alone, 64 when adding her appearances in relay events and 117 total medals just from World Cup events.
She has 12 world championship medals and three Olympic medals, both tying for the best ever. In Germany, she is considered an absolute sporting superstar — whether she wants the spotlight or not.
"The motivation is that I like what I do, I love what I do," Geisenberger said. "I like the sport. I love to race against other people, to fight against myself and I like to be successful. I know the feeling to stand on the podium, on the top. I know the feeling when the national anthem is playing. I'm addicted to that feeling."
Germans don't win every race. It just seems that way. Geisenberger is the defending Olympic champion who won 13 medals in 13 races in World Cup singles competition this season. Two-time defending men's Olympic champion Felix Loch led all men with eight singles medals. The doubles team of Toni Eggert and Sascha Benecken medaled in 12 of 13 events, winning gold in 10 of them.
Add up all the World Cup races from this winter, and the rest of the world won 17. Germany won 28.
"I don't know what the magic ingredient is," said U.S. women's luge veteran Erin Hamlin, a two-time world champion and the 2014 Olympic women's bronze medalist. "They're competitors. They come out on race day and you can pretty much bet they're going to go faster than they did all week in training. Happens all the time. They're breaking track records almost every week."
Loch is trying to be only the second man to win three consecutive Olympic luge gold medals. The other, of course, was a German — Georg Hackl did it in 1992, 1994 and 1998. Geisenberger could be the first woman to win three Olympic luge golds, after winning in singles and as part of the team relay at Sochi in 2014.
"I like the sport very much and that's the important thing," said Loch, who's only 28 and plans on going through at least one more Olympic cycle. "I like sliding, the feeling, the speed. That's what's so cool about the sport."
They make it seem so simple.
It is anything but. Luge is highly technical, with the quality of equipment every bit as important as the slider's technique. The Germans have four tracks, which is more than any other nation, so they have the best home-ice advantage in the sport. And they're an extremely well-funded program, which never hurts.
That, along with the widespread belief that they have some secrets to get the most out of their sleds, frustrates other sliders in countless ways.
Take Loch's final run on the Americans' home track in Lake Placid, New York, earlier this season: He bounced off walls, was late into some curves, didn't exit some others on the fastest possible line, and all that often means a slider loses time. But Loch somehow crossed the line with one of the fastest times in the heat, which baffled some of his competitors.
"It's tough to understand how that happens," U.S. men's veteran Chris Mazdzer said.
Geisenberger turns 30 on Monday, and could easily keep going through the 2022 Olympics if so inclined. If she knows what her future is, she's not telling — though it is expected that she'll be back next season since the world championships are in Germany.
For now, all she's thinking about is Pyeongchang. And if anyone other than Geisenberger wins gold, it'll be an upset.
"I have not said that I will stop after the Olympics, and I have not said I will continue for sure," Geisenberger said. "If my body is still OK and if I'm still hungry for success, I will continue. If not, I will stop."
___
More AP Olympics: https://wintergames.ap.org
Sacked workers protest over non-payment of entitlements at Berger Paints
Daily Trust
Some disengaged staff of Berger Paints plc protesting over sack of some workers without gratuity at the Oba Akran office of the company in Lagos on June 14, 2017. PHOTO BY: Benedict Uwalaka. Some staff members of Berger Paints Plc on Wednesday protested what …
and more »
21:17 Reported News Briefs Tevet 4, 5777 , 02/01/17 Tevet 4, 5777 , 02/01/17 Tuesday funeral for Istanbul shooting victim The coffin bearing 19-year-old Lian Zaher Nassar, the Israeli victim of Saturday night's fatal shooting in Istanbul, arrived in Israel Monday evening. Her funeral is scheduled for 11am Tuesday in her home town of Tira.
► ◄ Last Briefs
CCT Judgement: I hold no grudge against anyone, says Saraki
Senate President Bukola Saraki has said he harbours no grudge against anyone for his 21-month trial at the Code of Conduct Tribunal (CCT).
The Tribunal sitting in Abuja on Wednesday discharged and acquitted him on an 18-count charge of false assets declaration.
Reacting to the judgement, the Senate President, however, urged his supporters to ‘refrain from any unbridled triumphalism'.
The statement personally signed by Saraki affirmed that the judgement had vindicated his earlier position that he was innocent of all charges preferred against him.
According to him, he will not seek revenge against his distractors.
“After undergoing the crucible of a tortuous trial, my vindication today calls for celebration. It is my belief however that if there should be any celebration at all, it should be a celebration of the hopes that this judgment gives us as citizens that despite all the challenges that we face as a country, we are well on our way to building a country where the innocent needs not be afraid. I therefore urge all my supporters to refrain from any unbridled triumphalism. The challenges that our country faces today are enormous and do not allow for wanton celebration. Instead, we should all reflect on the significance of this moment and what it meant for our democracy.
“On a personal note, I harbour no grudge against anyone, regardless of the role they might have played in the persecution that I had endured in the last two years. I believe that If my trial had in anyway given hope to the common man that no matter the forces arraigned against him, he can still get justice in our courts, then my tribulation had not been in vain.
“Once again, I thank my colleagues in the 8th Senate for standing firm. Regardless of the distraction of my trial, we have achieved more than legislators than the previous Senates. Now that this distraction is over, we can even achieve so much more. We must now proceed from here with greater vigour to deliver on the expectations of Nigerians and show that this 8th Senate can indeed play a central role in improving the quality of lives of our people,” Saraki stated.
Also reacting to the Tribunal's verdict, Deputy President of the Senate, Ike Ekweremadu, described as “victory for democracy”, the discharge and acquittal of Saraki by the Code of Conduct Tribunal.
In a statement by his media aide, Uche Anichukwu, Ekweremadu said it did not come to him as a surprise given that the CCT trial was “hatched in the coven of evil politics and was, therefore, bound to fall like a pack of cards”.
OWEDE AGBAJILEKE, Abuja
The post CCT Judgement: I hold no grudge against anyone, says Saraki appeared first on BusinessDay : News you can trust.
This post was syndicated from BusinessDay : News you can trust. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Rare encounters with 12-14 foot great white sharks happened in two different locations off the Florida coast.
Joanne Fraser of Calypso Dive Charters in Lake Park spotted one great white while on a trip 3.5 miles east of Juno Beach.
"We all descended to about 80 feet, I saw a couple of nurse sharks and a few lemons as we were dropping down, I look over to the east and see a huge shark. (Of course my camera's not ready because we only just jumped in the water). I estimate the shark to be somewhere between 12 to 14 feet and an easy 4 feet wide. All the lemon sharks disappeared, I was fumbling around with my camera trying to get it set up. The shark circled us extremely slowly about 3 times. I thought it was going to come to the crate at one point, but it turned away. That great white made the lemon sharks look like remoras!" she said.
Corey Embree, a dive instructor with Deep Six in Vero Beach, was also on the boat and in the water with his GoPro. "I'm so stoked about this. What a way to start 2017! This was a dream of mine for over 20 years of diving."
Meanwhile, in Port Canaveral, a 12 foot great white was seen swimming around a deep sea fishing charter. The 'Canaveral Princess' was about 25 miles off the port when they spotted the beast coming to the surface. It wasn't the first time either; the same fishing vessel spotted a 14 footer just a week before. (click photo below to play video)
Shareholders approve new name for Custodian and Allied – The Nation Newspaper
Shareholders approve new name for Custodian and Allied
The Nation Newspaper
Shareholders of Custodian and Allied Plc yesterday approved a change of the group's name to Custodian Investment Plc in a strategic move to align the brand name with the enlarged business outlook of the group. At the annual general meeting in Lagos …
and more »
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Business - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
LLEIDA, Spain (AP) — Clashes have erupted between police and protesters in Spain's northeastern Catalan city of Lleida after a judicial ruling ordered the city's museum to return 44 pieces of religious art to the neighboring regional government of Aragon.
Regional police cordoned off the area around Lleida Museum early Monday as technicians prepared to remove the disputed artwork.
Several hundred people turned up to protest the transfer and there were brief scuffles and police baton charges as officers tried to move them further away from the museum.
An Aragon provincial court had given till Monday for the museum to hand over the art — which was originally housed in the region's Sijena monastery — following a 2015 court ruling.
Catalonia bought the art from nuns in 1983 but the court ruled the sale illegal.
NEW YORK (AP) - The Latest on a New York rape case against Harvey Weinstein (all times local):
6:15 p.m.
Harvey Weinstein's lawyer says the former film producer will "vigorously defend" himself after being indicted on rape and other sex crime charges, which he strongly denies.
Attorney Benjamin Brafman says he'll ask a court to dismiss the indictment.
A grand jury handed it up Wednesday, hours after Brafman said Weinstein had decided not to testify before the secret panel.
Brafman said there wasn't enough time to prepare because Weinstein learned the specific charges and the accusers' identities only after turning himself on Friday.
The lawyer also said "political pressure" made an indictment unavoidable.
Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance Jr. says the indictment brings Weinstein "another step closer to accountability."
___
5:30 p.m.
Harvey Weinstein has been indicted on rape and criminal sex act charges in New York City.
Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance Jr. announced the indictment Wednesday. He says it brings the former movie mogul "another step closer to accountability."
The indictment came hours after Weinstein's lawyers said he'd decided not to testify before the grand jury. They said there wasn't enough time to prepare because he learned the specific charges and the accusers' identities only after turning himself on Friday.
Weinstein's lawyers also said "political pressure" on the DA made an indictment unavoidable.
They declined to comment further on the indictment.
Weinstein faces rape and criminal sex act charges involving two women in New York. The 66-year-old has consistently denied all allegations of nonconsensual sex.
11:45 a.m.
Harvey Weinstein won't testify before the New York grand jury that's weighing whether to indict him on rape and other sex charges.
A statement issued through a spokesman Wednesday says Weinstein's lawyers decided there wasn't enough time to prepare him to testify. They say he learned the specific charges and the accusers' identities only after turning himself on Friday, with a deadline set for Wednesday afternoon to testify or not.
They say his request for more time was denied.
Prosecutors declined to comment.
Weinstein faces rape and criminal sex act charges involving two women in New York. Dozens more women have accused him of sexual misconduct ranging from harassment to assault in various locales.
The 66-year-old former movie mogul has consistently denied all allegations of nonconsensual sex.
11:30 a.m.
Harvey Weinstein won't testify before the New York grand jury that's weighing whether to indict him on rape and other sex charges.
A statement issued through a spokesman Wednesday says Weinstein's lawyers decided there wasn't enough time to prepare him to testify. They say he learned the specific charges and the accusers' identities only after turning himself on Friday, with a deadline set for Wednesday afternoon to testify or not.
They say his request for more time was denied.
Prosecutors haven't immediately commented.
Weinstein faces rape and criminal sex act charges involving two women in New York. Dozens more women have accused him of sexual misconduct ranging from harassment to assault in various locales.
The 66-year-old former movie mogul has consistently denied all allegations of nonconsensual sex.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
In line with building a safe online community, Facebook has announced updates to its Safety Check feature, giving people in the US an option to start a fundraiser from within this feature.
The social networking giant aims to make fundraising easier on its platform during a crisis and will enable people to create or donate to a fundraiser for charitable and personal causes to help those in need.
“Fundraising provides a way for people who are also outside of the crisis area to offer help,” Facebook said in a blog post on Wednesday.
The Fundraisers in Safety Check will start to roll out in the coming weeks in the US.
Facebook also expanded its ‘Community Help' to desktops to make sure that those in need are able to access Community Help through any platform.
“Community Help will be available in the upcoming weeks on desktop, giving people another way to access the tool. Additionally, Community Help is now available for all crises where Safety Check is activated,” Facebook said.
According to Facebook, Safety Check has been activated more than 600 times in two years and has notified people that their families and friends are safe more than a billion times.
Those who survive a crisis can now add a personal note to tell their friends more about what's happening from within the Safety Check tool. This note will appear in the News Feed story that is automatically generated when people mark themselves safe.
To help provide additional context on crises and make sure people have the information that they need, Facebook has started adding descriptions about the crisis from NC4, its third party global crisis reporting agency.Safety Check
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork/AP) – Defending champion Joey “Jaws” Chestnut chomped down a record 74 franks and buns to take home his 11th title at the annual Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest.
The renowned competitive eater from San Jose, California, takes home the coveted Mustard Belt and surpassed the previous mark of 72 dogs and buns he downed last year.
Miki Sudo said after eating 37 dogs and buns that the heat may have slowed her down in winning the women's competition.
That didn't stop the Las Vegas eater from easily beating out second-place finisher Mischelle Lesco of Tuscon, Arizona, who chowed down 28 wieners and buns.
Sudo was a fan favorite, drawing big cheers from the crowd during her performance, which was slightly delayed after she requested new water to soak her buns.
MORE: How Does Nathan's Famous Hot Dog-Eating Contest Actually Work?
Thousands of attendees braved 83 degree temperatures and a heat index of 91 degrees to witness the annual July Fourth competition on the Coney Island boardwalk.
Both Chestnut and Sudo walked away in first place last year as well.
In the 2017 faceoff, Chestnut ate 72 hot dogs in 10 minutes to defend his title against the only competitor to beat him in the last 10 years — Matt “Megatoad” Stonie. Chestnut beat his own previous record of 70.
Sudo ate 41 hot dogs last year to beat 98-pound “The Black Widow” Sonya Thomas.
(© Copyright 2018 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
So I guess still in this era this is the new thing that after you tell a dude you pregnant they stop answering they phone !!!! One lesson i have learned out of this whole situation is to never be so naive when a guy disrespect you !!! Like you dont even have to do nothing wrong to this man its really unbelievable how he will just feed you with lies and hurt you for NO reason.Once you forgive and accept it just know he @champagnepapi will continue to treat you like shit !!! i should of ran for the hills but no i felt for the "Good Guy" image that this asshole portrayed to be.What a #Fraud I feel so stupid !!! I never told this man "No" I did everything he told me to do Smfh !!!! (((NEVER))) asked him for a dime !!! because i got my own bread whatever he did for me he did it on his own !!! i had to remind my self that this man was once a "Actor" So why the hell did i fall for his bullshit !!! What make matters worse is that when you try to be private about shit and keep ya mouth shut nobody cares !!! its ashame that i even have to come out of my character !!! I hate that i gotta put my buisness out like this.But fuck it people now a days only respect when your messy and ratchet !!! Smfh !!! FUCK YOU Drake !!! You and I know i was good to you !!! This is how you treat them dusty thirsty ass bitches that be on ya dick !!!! Not the female that wasnt even checking for you !!! Just respect me thats all i ask for !!! (((RESPECT))) THE BULLSHIT WAS UN CALLED FOR !!! Smfh But dont worry ima make sure i make a field day out of your fucking ass !!!
A post shared by Layla💖 (@iamlaylalace) on Apr 17, 2017 at 4:26pm PDT
Former United States secretary of state George Shultz says it is time to stop talking about a two-state solution.
Interviewed by Maariv, Shultz said, "We must stop talking about a two-state solution and embark on a process in which people learn to live together. There is obviously suspicion, but we have to build mutual trust."
ValueBet's Joe Whitaker takes a look at the weekend's action.
Preston North End are a bookies' dream at the moment, winning away games and drawing games they should be winning at home.
I think Hull is a huge test for them today in terms of their end-of-season aspirations. You don't get anywhere if you can't put two wins together. I think they will do this today, and I fancy Billy Bodin to score again after his first on Tuesday night. He can be backed at 7/1 to open the scoring.
Back Billy Bodin to open the scoring for Preston at home to Hull City
I always think of February in the football season as ‘moving month', a bit like the Saturday in a golf tournament.
If you have a bad February it tends to snuff out a lot of good work done in the previous half of the season.
Likewise if you have a good one you can suddenly find your team in a position which looked unlikely.
The January window is done and the manager now has a new selection dilemma with new faces to mix in.
Don't miss the latest football transfer news and gossip from leagues in England, Scotland and Europe with footballwire.co.uk
I was taken back slightly by West Bromwich Albion's loan signing of Liverpool's out-of-favour striker Daniel Sturridge.
It looks a great bit of business, and with Jay Rodriguez on form, the Baggies now have two forwards playing for a place in the England squad in Russia this summer.
So I expect some goals coming from The Hawthorns today and West Bromwich to beat a struggling Southampton side at 7/4 looks good value.
Another Midlands club I feel look good for a home win is Leicester City who welcome a resurgent Swansea City side.
It may seem madness to go against a team who have beaten Arsenal and Liverpool at home recently, though it's a different ask to make it another win away from home against a side dangerous on the counter like Leicester.
They are only 4/7 though I feel Claude Puel will have them fired up for three points today and put the Swans in their place.
Another home side today playing without fear is Bournemouth, fresh from handing out a lesson to Chelsea at Stamford Bridge.
They are a young side full of confidence and I can't see Paul Lambert's Stoke coming away with anything. At 21/20, to get better than even money is a price too good to turn down for me.
The treble pays 8/1 and I feel it represents a realistic chance of some Saturday profit for the punters amongst you!
As always bet to your pocket and keep it fun folks.
For all the latest odds go to www.valuebetpreston.com
(John McCall/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP, File). FILE - In this Wednesday, Feb. 14, 2018, file photo, a family reunites following a shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Fla. A commission tasked with investigating governme...
By TERRY SPENCER
Associated Press
COCONUT CREEK, Fla. (AP) - Faulty classroom design and failures in the police radio and 911 systems contributed to the chaos and deaths during the recent Florida high school massacre, a commission investigating the shooting was told at its first meeting Tuesday.
Broward Sheriff's Office Detective Zachary Scott told the Marjory Stoneman High School Public Safety Commission that teachers trying to lock down their students as the gunman began his attack couldn't lock classroom doors from the inside, but had to grab a key, open the door and turn the lock from the outside.
"That's messed up, no matter how you slice it," said Pinellas County Sheriff Bob Gualtieri, chairman of the 16-member commission that will prepare a report looking at the actions of state officials before and after the shooting and make recommendations. Fourteen students and three staff members died in the Feb. 14 shooting and 17 others were wounded.
The doors also had small windows that allowed the suspect, whom police have identified as former student Nikolas Cruz, to fire into classrooms that had been locked, leading to several deaths, Scott told the commission. Members include law enforcement administrators from throughout Florida, education officials, a state senator, a mental health counselor and the fathers of victims Alex Schachter, Meadow Pollack and Alaina Petty. The members were appointed by Gov. Rick Scott, state House Speaker Richard Corcoran and Senate President Joe Negron.
The commission also learned the Broward sheriff's office and Coral Springs police department, the two primary agencies responding to the shooting, had different radio systems that prevented authorities from exchanging information - and that attempts to merge the channels failed.
Also, the city of Parkland, where the school is located, has a bifurcated 911 system. Calls from cellular phones go to the Coral Springs 911 center, while calls from landlines go to the Broward sheriff. As most calls from campus were from cellphones, Broward dispatchers were getting second-hand information from Coral Springs.
Scott played a rudimentary computer animation showing the gunman's actions as he moved through the three-story freshman building during his six-minute attack. The suspect and the victims were represented by dots, with the victims' dots changing colors when they were fatally wounded. The specific victims were not identified. The audience that filled the auditorium at Broward College's north campus remained silent as Scott talked through the animation.
Gualtieri told the members their goal should be to prevent any more mass shootings.
"Nobody else should have to endure what those children had to endure that day," he said.
The commission will also examine the Broward Sheriff's Office's conduct before, during and after the shooting. Deputy Scot Peterson, the school's security officer, retired after Sheriff Scott Israel criticized him and planned to suspend him for not rushing into the building to confront and kill Cruz. The commission also will consider the conduct of other deputies who arrived at the school but remained outside.
School counselors and mental health officials will appear before the commission to talk about their contact with Cruz. He spent time at a school for emotionally and mentally disturbed students before being allowed to transfer briefly to Stoneman Douglas. He was kicked out later. Cruz's attorneys have said he would plead guilty in exchange for a life sentence. Prosecutors are seeking the death penalty.
The commission could also examine other Florida mass shootings, including a 2016 massacre at Orlando's Pulse nightclub that killed 49, and a 2017 shooting at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport that left six dead. Gualtieri suggested that it focus solely on school shootings, however.
The commission's final report is due Jan. 1.
___
This story has been edited to correct the spelling of one of the victim's names to Alaina, not Aliana.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Asthma affects more than 25 million people in the United States! Approximately 10 percent of those cases are categorized as severe. Professional basketball player, Richard Jefferson suffered from severe asthma, until he discovered a procedure that helped him stay in the game. Now, he's opening up to help others. Lauren Hudson has the story. For more, visit their website.
Advertisement
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
DALLAS (AP) — In just 24 hours, her face and name have become world famous for what's seen as a supreme act of sportsmanship.
Dallas-area high school student Ariana Luterman was finishing the anchor leg of a girls' relay in Sunday's Dallas Marathon when she saw the legs of the women's marathon leader, Dr. Chandler Self, start to buckle from exhaustion yards from the finish line.
Acting apparently instinctively, Luterman helped Self to her feet and half-carried her to the finish line, giving the New York City psychiatrist the women's championship. Self's family later told her she'd been credited with the win
Self said Luterman came alongside her two miles from the finish and encouraged her to finish the race. Video of the finish has gone viral.
___
Bitcoin futures soar amid frenzy over virtual currency
NEW YORK (AP) — Wall Street got its first taste of bitcoin on Monday, with the price of the first-ever futures contract for the digital currency jumping 20 percent. It's a step forward for the bitcoin, which has soared this year despite concerns that the surge of investor interest has transformed it from a new-age currency into just the latest speculative bubble.
———
Trump to make final pitch for GOP tax plan
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump will make his final pitch for the Republican tax plan in a speech to the American people. The White House says Trump will give a speech Wednesday on how tax reform will help taxpayers and their families. Trump and Republican leaders in Congress have promoted the massive tax plan by promising the tax cuts will boost the economy. The $1.5 trillion House and Senate tax bills combine steep tax cuts for corporations with modest reductions for individuals.
———
Apple orchestrates deal for song-recognition app Shazam
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Apple has bought Shazam, the maker of a song-recognition app that Apple's digital assistant Siri has already been using to help people identify the music playing on their iPhones. The companies didn't disclose the price of the acquisition announced Monday, but previous reports placed the value at about $400 million. Siri began drawing upon Shazam's technology to answer questions about songs in a 2014 update to the iPhone's operating system.
———
Some glitches seen in deadline week for 'Obamacare' sign-ups
WASHINGTON (AP) — Consumer advocates are reporting some glitches in the final days for "Obamacare" sign-ups, but the Trump administration largely seems to be keeping its promise of a smooth enrollment experience. Some HealthCare.gov customers got an incorrect message that no plans were available. President Donald Trump came into office promising to dismantle the Affordable Care Act, but it survived. Now his administration is overseeing the finale to sign-ups. Friday, Dec. 15 is the last day in most states.
———
Will misconduct scandals make men wary of women at work?
NEW YORK (AP) — Some people worry that the same climate that's embolden women to speak out against sexual harassment could make some men wary of female colleagues. The Miami-based owner of a food line says her business involves working mostly with men, and business often ends over lunch or drinks. But Ana Quincoces says those opportunities are dwindling because many of the men she encounters on the job "are terrified."
———
Zinke, House GOP face criticism over Patagonia attacks
WASHINGTON (AP) — Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke and House Republicans are escalating their feud with an outdoor retail company that opposes the Trump administration's plan to shrink two sprawling Utah national monuments. The House Natural Resources Committee said in a tweet that clothing giant Patagonia is "lying" about Trump's plan in order "to sell more products to wealthy elitist urban dwellers from New York to San Francisco."
———
In tax push, Trump's team uses a dubious growth estimate
WASHINGTON (AP) — A Treasury memo includes an assumption that tax cuts and other Trump administration policies would cause the economy to expand at a 2.9 percent annual pace over 10 years. Growth at that level would, in theory, keep the national debt from rising. But most independent analyses have concluded that the Senate tax overhaul would add at least $1 trillion to budget deficits in the next decade because they foresee far less growth resulting from the tax cuts.
———
Waiting for Congress, Mnuchin makes 2nd emergency debt move
WASHINGTON (AP) — Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said Monday he is making a second emergency move to keep the government from going above the debt limit while awaiting congressional action to raise the threshold. In a letter to congressional leaders, Mnuchin said he will not be able to fully invest in a large civil service retirement and disability fund. Skipped investments will be restored once the debt limit has been raised, he said.
———
US stocks close modestly higher; S&P 500, Dow hit new highs
NEW YORK (AP) — Technology companies led U.S. stocks modestly higher Monday, driving the market to another set of milestones. The Standard & Poor's 500 index and Dow Jones industrial average finished at all-time highs. Solid gains by health care companies also helped lift the market, outweighing losses among banks and industrial stocks. Energy stocks rose along with the price of crude oil.
———
The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 8.49 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,659.99. The Dow Jones industrial average gained 56.87 points, or 0.2 percent, to 24,386.03. The Nasdaq composite added 35 points, or 0.5 percent, to 6,875.08. The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks slipped 1.88 points, or 0.1 percent, to 1,519.84.
Benchmark U.S. crude gained 63 cents, or 1.1 percent, to settle at $57.99 per barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange. Brent crude, the international standard, added $1.29, or 2 percent, to close at $64.69 per barrel in London. Wholesale gasoline picked up 1 cent to $1.73 per gallon, while heating oil gained 2 cents to $1.95 per gallon. Natural gas rose 6 cents, or 2 percent, to $2.83 per 1,000 cubic feet.
The FFmpeg project proudly announced the release of a new series of their freely distributed collection of libraries and tools to process multimedia content, FFmpeg 3.3, which has been dubbed as "Hilbert."
Coming about five months after the release of FFmpeg 3.2 "Hypatia," whose development cycle concluded with the version 3.2.4, the brand-new FFmpeg 3.3 "Hilbert" series is here to add an extra layer of performance improvements to the open-source and cross-platform multimedia framework.
Prominent new features of FFmpeg 3.3 include an internal ebur128 library to finally drop the libebur128 dependency, support for the Pro-MPEG CoP #3-R2 FEC protocol, new premultiply video filter, support for spherical videos, as well as new PSD, Apple Pixlet, 16.8 and 24.0 floating point PCM, and QDMC audio decoders.
The CrystalHD decoder was moved to a new decode API, and it looks like FFmpeg 3.3 ships with new NewTek SpeedHQ decoder, MIDI Sample Dump Standard demuxer, new readeia608, threshold, abitscope multimedia, and midequalizer filter, a Sample Dump eXchange demuxer, and an XPM decoder.
VAAPI-accelerated MPEG-2 and VP8 encoding now available
Among other changes included in the major FFmpeg 3.3 "Hilbert" series, we can mention VAAPI-accelerated MPEG-2, VP8, and Optimal Huffman tables for (M)JPEG encoding support, FM Screen Capture Codec, native Opus, and ScreenPressor decoders, as well as a new MPEG-7 Video Signature filter.
Scenarist Closed Captions demuxer and muxer are available as well, along with support for decoding Intel QSV-accelerated VP8 video streams, and deinterlacing and scaling filters for Intel QSV videos. Support for MOV files with multiple sample description tables is present in FFmpeg 3.3 as well.
The asyncts filter was deprecated for af_aresample, as well as the legacy X11 screen grabber, FFmpeg 3.3 making use of XCB instead. An incomplete ClearVideo decoder was implemented, and the "configure" command now fails if the autodetect-libraries are requested but not found.
As expected, FFmpeg 3.3 "Hilbert" ships with up-to-date libraries, including libavutil 55.58.100, libavcodec 57.89.100, libavformat 57.71.100, libavdevice 57.6.100, libavfilter 6.82.100, libavresample 3.5.0, libswscale 4.6.100, libswresample 2.7.100, and libpostproc 54.5.100.
The FFmpeg 3.3 "Hilbert" source tarball can be downloaded right now from our website if you fancy compiling it on your platform, or you can grab the binaries for macOS and Microsoft Windows operating systems. GNU/Linux users should find the latest FFmpeg 3.3 packages on the stable repos of their favorite distros soon.
LONDON (AP) — The degenerative damage potentially caused by repeated blows to the head in soccer has been highlighted by a rare study of brains of a small number of retired players who developed dementia.
Fourteen former players were part of the research that began around 40 years ago and six brains, which underwent post-mortem examinations, had signs of Alzheimer's disease.
Four brains were found to have chronic traumatic encephalopathy (CTE) pathology, a possible consequence of repeated impacts to the brain, including heading the ball. A previous study of 268 brains from the general population in Britain found a far lower CTE detection rate of 12 percent.
The small sample size of former footballers prevented researchers from University College London and Britain's National Hospital for Neurology and Neurosurgery from drawing any conclusions about the dangers posed by playing soccer as they released their research.
But researchers hope the findings provide the impetus for more substantial studies in conjunction with soccer authorities. The researchers require current or retired players to be willing to take part of investigations that could take decades to produce conclusions.
"Our findings show there is a potential link between repetitive head impacts from playing football and the later development of CTE," lead author Dr. Helen Ling of the UCL Institute of Neurology told The Associated Press.
"This will support the need for larger scale studies of a larger number of footballers who need to be followed long term, looking at various aspects in terms of their mental functions, imaging of the brain and also markers that might identify neurological damage."
England's Football Association said it is committed to "independent, robust and thorough" research, which it is jointly funding with the players' union. The Alzheimer's Society maintained that the latest "results do not provide proof that heading a football, or sustaining a head injury by any other means during the sport, is linked to developing dementia."
"Exercise is one of the best ways to reduce your risk of dementia and it's important to ensure that people playing any kind of sport are able to do so safely," Dr. James Pickett, research head at the Alzheimer's Society, said.
Concerns have grown in Britain about the impact of head injuries after campaigning by the family of former England striker Jeff Astle, whose death at age 59 in 2002 was attributed to repeatedly heading heavy, leather balls.
Astle's daughter, Dawn, is urging "current footballers or families of footballers to pledge the brain" for medical research.
"If we hadn't donated dad's brain, we wouldn't know what we know now — we wouldn't know what had killed him," Dawn Astle said. "It's too late for dad. The research is so important for current players and for future players. That's why we need it.
"I think that's what is so very frustrating — the fact that it's nearly 15 years since my dad died. And the fact that nothing from any footballing authorities has been done. It is really indefensible and disgraceful."
At least four members of England's 1966 World Cup-winning squad have developed dementia or memory loss.
In the United States, there has been a $1 billion settlement between the NFL and thousands of its former American football players who have been diagnosed with brain injuries linked to repeated concussions.
The British soccer research was instigated by consultant psychiatrist Dr. Don Williams, who started to monitor former players who were diagnosed with dementia from 1980. From Swansea in south Wales, Williams monitored the retired players and collected data on their playing and concussion history.
"In 1980 the son of a man with advanced dementia asked me if his father's condition had been caused by heading the ball for many years as a powerful center half," Williams said. "As the brain is a very fragile organ, well protected within the skull, this was a constructive suggestion. As a result I looked out for men with dementia and a significant history of playing soccer, followed them up and where possible arranged for post-mortem studies to be carried out.
"The results suggest that heading the ball over many years, a form of repetitive sub-concussive head injury, can result in the development of CTE and dementia. Thus the original suggestion has been shown to be of merit and worthy of further investigation."
___
Rob Harris is at www.twitter.com/RobHarris
Maybe Chris Paul's recruitment of LeBron James started before the Rockets lost to the Warriors in Game 7. (Getty Images)
According to folklore, Golden State Warriors forward Draymond Green called Kevin Durant from the Oracle Arena parking lot following the excruciating Game 7 loss to the Cleveland Cavaliers in 2016, making official what was a season-long recruitment effort to get KD in California golden yellow.
Now, after an equally painful Game 7 loss to the Warriors, Houston Rockets point guard Chris Paul is working a similar angle, according to New York Times scribe Marc Stein. At the end his most recent always-great newsletter, Stein revealed that Paul's recruitment of LeBron James has already begun:
Rest assured that the Rockets' understandably devastated Chris Paul — who made a fast exit from Toyota Center late Monday night after being forced to watch the biggest game of his life from the bench because of his hamstring injury — has already begun his recruitment of James to Houston.
And you thought it was wild when Green recruited Durant shortly after eliminating his Oklahoma City Thunder in a seven-game Western Conference finals. Paul is reportedly trying to lure James to the Rockets before his Cleveland Cavaliers even begin their Finals series against the Warriors.
How close are Chris Paul and LeBron James?
Real close. They make up half of the infamous Banana Boat crew. They and their wives have shared many an expensive wine on vacation with Carmelo Anthony, Dwyane Wade and their significant others.
Paul has called LeBron “one of my best friends. We talk every week, all the time.” They are godparents to each other's children. According to The Los Angeles Times, Paul spoke at LeBron's wedding and was at the hospital for the births of his sons in 2004 and 2007. Likewise, James called Paul one of three NBA friends in his life, along with Anthony and Wade. He attended Chris Paul Jr.'s first birthday party.
Story Continues
Anthony's desire to be traded to Houston prior to this past season was no secret, and James has made it known that he has entertained the idea of playing with Paul, Anthony and Wade at some point.
“I really hope that, before our career is over, we can all play together,” he told Bleacher Report in 2016. “At least one, maybe one or two seasons — me, Melo, D-Wade, CP — we can get a year in. I would actually take a pay cut to do that. … It would be pretty cool. I've definitely had thoughts about it.”
All four are eligible to become free agents this summer. Paul and Wade will be unrestricted free agents. LeBron has a $35.6 million player option he is expected to decline, and Anthony owns a $27.9 million one that would be financially prudent to pick up. Team Banana Boat is theoretically possible.
But is LeBron joining the Rockets even plausible?
Sure. We'll let ESPN's Zach Lowe break down one such scenario, as he did in October 2017:
Maybe we should take the Houston threat more seriously. Harden is locked up. Paul is there. Getting off Eric Gordon is easy. Snag a pick in the process, and dumping the Ryan Anderson albatross — the one that cost them the official Team Banana Boat photographer — becomes feasible. Trade and renounce everyone else, including potentially Paul for cap purposes, and they are close enough to the double-max for Paul and LeBron that the Texas income tax edge might come into play.
Anderson's deal is Houston's biggest obstacle here. He's barely even been playable in the postseason, and he's due another $41.7 million through the 2019-20 season. That contract was the sticking point to the Rockets acquiring Anthony, and it might take more than a first-rounder to dump this time around.
In addition to creating the cap space to make a run at LeBron, the Rockets could try to negotiate with Cleveland. LeBron could opt in to the final year of his contract, and Cleveland could trade him prior to free agency, as the Los Angeles Clippers did in dealing Paul to Houston last summer, or the Cavs could work a sign-and-trade after July 1, as they did in sending him to the Miami Heat in 2014. If the Cavaliers are convinced LeBron is leaving, they may see value in getting something back in return, but if that something is assuming Anderson's contract, they might be better served letting him walk.
Then, there's always the possibility that Cavs owner Dan Gilbert is so incensed by the possibility of Lebron leaving the franchise in shambles twice this decade that he refuses to facilitate any deal that makes it easier for him to form another super team in Houston. Unless he and/or Paul take a massive pay cut, LeBron signing with the Rockets as a free agent would gut their depth. Not only would Gordon's $13.5 million salary have to come off the books, but they would have to renounce their rights to Clint Capela, the young center who will collect a hefty sum after his contributions this season.
Maybe that's all worth it to field LeBron, Paul and James Harden on the same roster. Where there's a will with Houston GM Daryl Morey, there's often a way. Paul may already have the will, but before he convinces LeBron to help him get to his first Finals, he'll have to watch his friend play in an eighth straight. Conversely, Cleveland better hope LeBron hasn't answered Paul's call yet.
– – – – – – –
Ben Rohrbach is a writer for Yahoo Sports. Have a tip? Email him at rohrbach_ben@yahoo.com or follow him on Twitter!
More from Yahoo Sports:
• 76ers exec in hot water over reported secret Twitter use
• Lakers heaven? LiAngelo works out for L.A.
• NBA fans blame U.S. senator for Houston's playoff loss
• Why NFL player's invite to Trump just won't work
It's not on the official public press release page yet, however several media are reporting a call between President Trump and President Erdoğan.
(click to enlarge)
Taken in the abstract it's disconcerting for President Trump to be congratulating Erdoğan on the controversial referendum. However, I had a sense this was going to happen because Press Secretary Sean Spicer really FUBAR'd a diplomatic protocol earlier in the day when questioned about yesterday's election result in Turkey.
.
The brief, albeit painfully poorly worded response from Sean Spicer comes at 14:50 of the video below [Prompted – just hit play]. Spicer unintentionally pushed President Trump into an subtle and uncomfortable diplomatic position with his response:
.
[@15:00] …”My understanding is there's an international commission that is reviewing this and issues a report in ten to twelve days, and so we'll wait and let them do their job – there were international monitors throughout Turkey.” … “I think at this point, we'd rather not get ahead of that report and start to make decisions without knowing, there were observers there as there routinely are, and I'd rather wait and see”… …”Again, I'm not going to, they have every right to have elections, and their people participate in that before we start getting into their governing system, let this commission get through its work.”
By referencing an international commission reviewing the validity of the election, Press Secretary Spicer appeared to be calling the election results into question.
The optic of the U.S. President questioning the validity of a democratic election within a strategically needed NATO country could end up being a major media issue. Micro FUBAR.
Shortly after Spicers' remarks the phone call to Erdoğan appears to have taken place.
.
Spicey Cat says: “Um, Sorry”
Advertisements
ALBANY, N.Y. (AP) — Former "Sex and the City" star Cynthia Nixon said on Twitter Monday that she'll challenge Gov. Andrew Cuomo in New York's Democratic primary in September.
Her announcement sets up a race pitting an openly gay liberal activist against a two-term incumbent with a $30 million war chest and possible presidential ambitions.
In a video on Twitter, the public education advocate said, "We want our government to work again."
I love New York, and today I'm announcing my candidacy for governor. Join us: https://t.co/9DwsxWW8xX pic.twitter.com/kYTvx6GZiD — Cynthia Nixon (@CynthiaNixon) March 19, 2018
Nixon in recent speeches has called on Democrats nationally to carve out a strong liberal identity instead of being merely the "anti-Trump party."
The 51-year-old Manhattan mother of three is an ally of Democratic New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio, who frequently clashes with Cuomo on various issues.
The 60-year-old Cuomo was favored 66 percent to 19 percent over Nixon in a recent Siena College poll.
1. Federal regulators unveiled a sweeping plan to soften the Volcker Rule, opening the door for big banks to resume trading activities that were restricted under the 2010 Dodd-Frank law.
Jerome Powell, the Fed chairman, above, said it would streamline “overly complex and inefficient requirements.”
The changes would give big banks the freedom to engage in more complicated — and possibly riskier — trading. Consumer advocates and other financial watchdogs say that they would allow a return to the Wild West days on Wall Street.
22:59 Reported News Briefs Kislev 23, 5778 , 11/12/17 Kislev 23, 5778 , 11/12/17 Temperatures to peak on Tuesday It will be clear to partly cloudy overnight with strong easterly winds in the north and the mountains continuing into the morning. It will be partly cloudy on Tuesday with a rise in temperatures to above average. A significant drop in temperatures and a chance of very light rain are forecast for Wednesday. Thursday will see variable cloudiness and and a slight drop in temperature to the seasonal average. Friday will be partly cloudy. Tuesday highs:
Jerusalem: 21Celsius/69/Fahrenheit;
Kinneret/Sea of Galilee, Eilat: 26C/78F;
Golan Heights: 23/73; Haifa: 22/71; Tel Aviv, Be'er Sheva': 27/80; Dead Sea: 25/77 ► ◄ Last Briefs
New England Revolution vs. San Jose Earthquakes
2017 MLS Regular Season
Gillette Stadium – Foxborough, Mass.
Wednesday, April 19 – 7:30 pm ET
WATCH: MLS LIVE
After seven rounds of weekend matches, the first midweek MLS match of the season is here, with the New England Revolution set to host the San Jose Earthquakes at Gillette Stadium on Wednesday night.
New England's three-game unbeaten run came to a crashing halt at Chicago on Saturday, with an early Je-Vaughn Watson ejection dooming the Revs to 3-0 defeat at Toyota Park. San Jose continued their “Goonies”-style revival last Friday, getting a goal from midfielder Jahmir Hyka deep into second half stoppage time to draw 1-1 against FC Dallas at Avaya Stadium. It was the second straight match that San Jose scored in the 90th minute or later to salvage a 1-1 draw.
Of note: San Jose have won just once in their last 21 road matches and have dropped both of their away contests this year while New England have won both of their 2017 home games to extend their Gillette Stadium-winning streak to six dating back to last August.
New England Revolution
After following up a two-game, season-opening losing skid with a 2-0-1 mark in their next three matches, the Revs fell back to earth on Saturday, when they were handled 3-0 at Chicago. The Revs were dealt a hammer blow early at the Fire, with Watson picking up two yellow cards – both for fouls on Luis Solignac – in the span of seven minutes to put New England down a man in the 27th. Chicago controlled things from then on, dominating possession and limiting the Revs to one shot on target to cruise to a win.
This weekend's performance was a downer, but New England have a great chance to get some positive momentum going again on Wednesday. The Revs are a perfect 2-0-0 at home this year, outscoring their opposition 7-2 at Gillette Stadium. After the loss to Chicago, Revs head coach Jay Heaps stressed the importance of bouncing back quickly.
“This has to be one of those where the team moves on quickly, because you just don't have enough time to sit and dwell,” he said. “It's a quick turnaround, we're playing a good San Jose team, and we've already started talking about what we need to do to get our bodies right, get our minds right, and be prepared to play on Wednesday.”
Suspended: Je-Vaughn Watson (red card)
Je-Vaughn Watson (red card) Int'l Duty: NONE
NONE Injury Report: NONE
Projected Starting XI (4-4-2 diamond): Cody Cropper; Andrew Farrell, Antonio Mlinar Delamea, Joshua Smith, Chris Tierney; Xavier Kouassi, Diego Fagundez, Kelyn Rowe, Lee Nguyen; Juan Agudelo, Kei Kamara
San Jose Earthquakes
Wednesday's match is the first in a tough three-game road trip that will see the Quakes follow the Revs contest with a trip to Houston on Saturday and a match at Minnesota on April 29. After taking just two points from their previous two home games, San Jose – who are 1-11-7 away from Avaya Stadium since the start of 2016 – need to pick up a result or two over the next week and a half.
As is always the case, the questions for the Quakes are on the attacking end. San Jose have scored just eight goals in six games this year, and didn't get on the board until the 90th minute in either of their last two matches. They did show some offensive promise towards the end of Friday's draw against Dallas, however, with Hyka and Tommy Thompson pulling some strings on the wings. We'll see if Dom Kinnear rolls out both from the start on Wednesday, or if he rotates his squad with an eye on Saturday's game at Houston.
Suspended: NONE
NONE Int'l Duty: NONE
NONE Injury Report: OUT: F - Quincy Amarikwa (knee surgery 9/29, out 9 months), D - Marvell Wynne (heart abnormality), M - Marc Pelosi (left knee injury), D - Harold Cummings (leg surgery, 3/30, out 4-6 months)
Projected Starting XI (4-4-2): David Bingham; Nick Lima, Florian Jungwirth, Fatai Alashe, Shaun Francis; Tommy Thompson, Darwin Ceren, Anibal Godoy, Jahmir Hyka; Danny Hoesen, Chris Wondolowski
All-Time Series
San Jose enjoy the all-time edge in their series against New England, which dates all the way back to MLS' inaugural season of 1996. The Revs have enjoyed a recent run of dominance, however, posting a 3-0-1 record in their last four matches against the Quakes.
NEW YORK (AP) — Just days before the Super Bowl, John Mellencamp sank to his knees in support of the Black Lives Matter movement after performing a political ballad on the “Late Show With Stephen Colbert.”
The singer-songwriter sang the violin-and-piano dirge “Easy Target,” with the lyrics “In the street and the gutters/ The cotton fields in this land/ Here's an easy target.” At the end, he knelt and lifted his right fist into the air.
The song comes from Mellencamp's album “Sad Clowns & Hillbillies,” which came out late last year.
Former 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick started the kneeling movement at the national anthem to protest racial inequality and police mistreatment of black males. The protests prompted President Donald Trump to say players should be fired for not standing during the anthem.
“Taking the knee started purely and simply as a protest of racial and social injustice,” Mellencamp told The Associated Press. “Sadly it was politicized by the current administration. The song is simple and the protest is pure.”
$462m Helicopter Purchase: Reps Divided Over Buhari's Letter – CHANNELS TELEVISION
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Africa - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Shutterstock
On Monday night in France, police say that a driver plowed into a pizzeria in Sept-Sorts, which is located about 35 miles east of Paris proper. Initial details are still forthcoming, but a French Interior Ministry spokesperson tells CNN that at least one person is dead with seven others injured. A suspect has been taken into custody, and CNN states that this attack appeared to be made “intentionally,” although other outlets dispute this detail.
NBC News reports that the driver's intent was not clear and adds a few additional pieces of information, including the possible age of the deceased female victim (between 8 and 12 years).
The Guardian reports a statement from an eyewitness, via BFMTV: “A car drove into the terrace and crashed into the bar. The driver tried to reverse but someone stopped them. The [French police] arrived quickly. There were around 20 people in the restaurant.” The outlet also reports that, at this time, the incident does not appear to be a terror-connected one.
Since November 2015, Paris has remained in a state of heightened alert following the coordinated terror attacks that killed over 130 people and injured hundreds more. Several other incidents have followed, including a machete attack outside the Lourve museum and a rifle-stealing incident at the Orly airport, as well as multiple attacks near the Champs Elysées and the Notre Dame cathedral.
This situation is developing, and we will report additional details as they arrive.
(Via CNN, NBC News & The Guardian)
It was a milestone night for Billy Bodin as he scored his first Preston North End goal in the impressive win over Nottingham Forest last time out.
In his fourth Lilywhites appearance the former Bristol Rovers pounced on an error from Michael Mancienne to lift the ball over Jordan Smith and in, setting Alex Neil's men on their way to a resounding 3-0 victory at the City Ground.
The fine finish was the 25-year-old's 50th Football League goal.
In total, Bodin has 52 in 232 senior appearances and it's been quite some rise in recent seasons for the former Swindon, Torquay and Northampton man.
A tweet from Playmaker Stats underlines the form that saw PNE follow through their summer interest to make sure they got their man at the start of the January transfer window.
Since the start of 2017, Bodin has 20 goals in 43 league games, 41 of those coming in League One of course.
He has scored two in a game twice with four of the strikes being match-winning. There have also been two successful penalties from the left-footer.
During a total of 3,518 minutes on the pitch, Bodin has also turned provider with seven assists.
As well as a first goal the wide forward also picked up his first North End booking in the convincing win over Forest, bringing down Everton loanee Kieran Dowell to bring an abrupt halt to a counter attack.
Despite being praised for his physicality after his debut in the FA Cup win at Wycombe don't expect t o see too many cards, the yellow at the City Ground was just his second since the beginning of 2017.
Bodin is only the second player to move directly from Bristol Rovers to North End after Alfie Biggs in 1961.
Biggs scored 24 goals in 59 games but only stayed for 13 months before he moved back to Rovers due to being homesick.
Geoff Twentyman, Jim Humes and Albert Butterworth are the only other players to have made that switch from Deepdale to the Memorial Stadium.
Bodin will be one of those tasked with filling the void left by top goalscorer Jordan Hugill's departure to West Ham.
He's been mentioned enough elsewhere but for the record, Hugill finished with 30 goals for the club, 10 of those coming in the first half of this season.
In total the 25-year-old made 75 starts and 39 substitute appearances for the Lilywhites after being snapped up from Port Vale for just £25,000.
New Video: Soti – Ekelebe
Soti premieres the music video for her Skelly Beats produced dance anthem “Ekelebe“. The Effyzzie Music belle teams up with the raved Paul Gambit to create a fun-packed visual that makes a titanic introduction for the honeyed-voice singer. Side Note: “Ekelebe” is a Southern Nigerian slang which means “call police”. Hit Play below!
The post New Video: Soti – Ekelebe appeared first on BellaNaija.
This post was syndicated from BellaNaija. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Pence reassures Japan as North Korea threatens ‘weekly' tests
US Vice President Mike Pence reiterated his country's commitment to the security of Japan on Tuesday, as North Korea intensified concerns over its weapons programme with a vow to launch missile tests “every week”.
The North, which is intent on developing a nuclear-tipped ballistic missile capable of reaching the mainland United States, defied international pressure Sunday with a test that failed immediately after launch.
As fears grow that it may also be preparing for its sixth nuclear weapons test, Vice Foreign Minister Han Song-Ryol said that its programme would only escalate.
“We'll be conducting more missile tests on a weekly, monthly and yearly basis,” Han told the BBC in an interview, threatening “all-out war” if the US took any action against it.
Arriving in Tokyo for talks with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, Pence hailed the two countries' longstanding security ties.
“The alliance between the United States and Japan is the cornerstone of peace and security in Northeast Asia,” he told Abe.
The Japanese leader called for a peaceful resolution to the North Korea tensions but did not rule out the need for tough measures.
“It is a matter of paramount importance for us to seek diplomatic efforts as well as peaceable settlements of the issue,” he said.
“At the same time dialogue for the sake of dialogue is valueless and it is necessary for us to exercise pressure.”
In South Korea on the first leg of an Asian tour, Pence on Monday visited the heavily fortified Demilitarised Zone separating the two Koreas and warned Pyongyang against further provocations, saying “all options are on the table”.
North Korea could react to a potential US strike by targeting South Korea or Japan, and officials in both countries have been ill at ease with the more bellicose language deployed by President Donald Trump's administration.
Pence pointed to Trump's recent strikes on a Syrian airbase and an Islamic State complex in Afghanistan as a warning to Pyongyang not to underestimate the administration's resolve.
But at a press conference with Japanese Deputy Prime Minister Taro Aso on Tuesday, Pence also played up the importance of coordination.
The administration “believes the most productive pathway forward is dialogue among the family of nations that can isolate and pressure North Korea into abandoning permanently and dismantling” its nuclear and missile programmes, he said.
– ‘Gotta behave' –
Throughout his bareknuckle election campaign, Trump repeatedly called into question a mutual defence treaty between Japan and the United States, suggesting Tokyo should pay for its own security.
But Pence reassured his jittery hosts that those decades-old security commitments are ironclad, a necessity made more acute after Washington's refusal to rule out military action against the North.
Tensions between Pyongyang and Washington have soared in recent weeks as a series of North Korean missile tests have prompted ever-more severe warnings from Trump's administration.
Asked by a reporter what message he had for North Korea's young leader Kim Jong-Un on Monday, Trump replied “Gotta behave”.
North Korea's deputy ambassador to the United Nations reiterated on the weekend that the North is ready to respond to any US missile or nuclear strike.
“If the United States dares opt for a military action… the DPRK is ready to react to any mode of war desired by the Americans,” Kim told a news conference, using the abbreviation of the country's official name.
Like South Korea, Japan already faces a direct threat from the secretive regime.
In early March, the North simultaneously fired four ballistic missiles off its east coast, three of which fell provocatively close to Japan, in what it said was a drill for an attack on US bases in the country.
The Pentagon has not discussed which missile blew up after the North's launch on Sunday from a base near Sinpo on its east coast, and the White House has said only that it was a medium-range device.
But John Schilling from the 38 North monitoring group said the failure was indicative of the test of a new and hitherto unknown system being developed by Kim Jong-Un's regime.
“That's a common failure mode for North Korean missiles very early on in their development cycle when they are working out the bugs in the propulsion and guidance system,” the weapons expert said.
Japan wants the White House to focus on pressuring China, Pyongyang's only major ally, to redouble its efforts to rein in the regime and bring it back to the negotiating table after abandoning six-nation talks in 2009.
The post Pence reassures Japan as North Korea threatens ‘weekly' tests appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump is following up on his State of the Union address by hosting a tax discussion with American workers.
White House spokeswoman Lindsay Walters say Trump will discuss the new tax cuts during an Oval Office meeting on Wednesday afternoon with workers at companies such as Jergens and Aflac. The companies are in Colorado, Georgia, Iowa, Missouri and Ohio.
Walters says more than 275 companies have announced worker bonuses, expanded benefits or new jobs as a result of the tax overhaul that Trump signed into law before Christmas.
The law significantly cut taxes for corporations while providing more modest tax breaks for middle-class families.
Trump cited the tax cuts in Tuesday night's speech.
Agitations: Senator Shehu Sani advocates National Peace Committee
Chairman, Senate Committee on Foreign Loans and Local debts, Senator Shehu Sani has advocated for an ad-hoc committee that would tackle agitations of various groups in Nigeria. Speaking with DAILY POST in Abuja, he urged the presidency to set up a Committee with objective of encouraging debates and seeking ideas to foster peace and harmonious […]
Agitations: Senator Shehu Sani advocates National Peace Committee
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
You came in your dozens yesterday to react to the news that Walkers Crisps may be discontinuing a popular flavour from its range.
So that got us thinking - what would your dream crisp flavour be? We asked, and you answered. Here are some of your best suggestions - ranging from a North East snack staple, to a popular alcohol tipple. Enjoy - and don't forget to add yours in the comments.
In Central Florida, home to more than 350,000 Puerto Ricans, their political impact has already been felt. Last year, Representative Darren Soto, a Democrat, became the first member of Congress of Puerto Rican descent elected from Florida when he won a Central Florida district with a large Puerto Rican population.
Mr. Soto said that any significant shift in population in such a highly competitive state could have an enormous impact.
Photo
“My district has the most island-born Puerto Ricans of any congressional district, and that is already changing Florida politics,” he said. And that change could be even more significant because of the widespread anger over President Trump's response to the devastation caused by Maria — the president, accused of reacting slowly to the crisis, said islanders were not doing enough to help themselves.
The anger, Mr. Soto said, “could have huge repercussions.” “You just don't attack people when they are down,” he added. “These are things people will remember.”
While Democrats see enormous potential for registering new voters, they know their efforts must wait until the newcomers' urgent need for housing, jobs, schools and medical care is met. Central Florida will be a magnet for many of the migrants who will join families here in Orlando and in neighboring communities like Kissimmee. They will see signs of home in the grocery stores, shops and churches in an area where the Latino influence is abundantly evident.
In a ballroom of a Puerto Rican service organization here this week, a dozen men and women, including activists, a lawyer, an Orange County commissioner, a police officer and a psychotherapist, said the storm had brought the community together like never before.
“Now we see the necessity to come out and organize,” said Trini Quiroz, one of the activists. “So this tragedy brought us all together.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Under the umbrella of an organization called CASA, 14 different groups have banded together to help provide relief for hurricane victims, from collecting and delivering supplies to Puerto Rico to helping build a resettlement effort in Central Florida.
Emily Bonilla, a Democratic county commissioner who was elected from a district that is 80 percent white, is working to provide services for the new arrivals, mindful that they may soon be her constituents. “Puerto Ricans are unique,” she said. “We support each other regardless of party, but no surprise, the majority become Democrats.”
Photo
Mr. Trump won about 35 percent of the Latino vote in the state in 2016, exit polls showed, with 54 percent of that share coming from Cuban-Americans. Hillary Clinton won about 70 percent of the non-Cuban Latino vote and had an almost three-to-one edge among Puerto Ricans.
Still, Republicans say that Puerto Ricans in Florida, unlike those in New York who overwhelmingly vote Democratic, can be a swing vote on many issues.
“We are not a monolith,” said Mr. Suarez, the lawyer here, who is now also helping place law students from the island in schools in Florida.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
While Puerto Ricans are swing voters on a number of issues like taxes and abortion, “when it comes to issues that affect the Puerto Rican community, they behave more like a voting bloc,” said Edwin Meléndez, director of the Center for Puerto Rican Studies at Hunter College in New York.
Maribel Cordero, a psychotherapist who is running for a seat on the county commission in Orange County, said that there were signs of a political awakening. “A lot of things are going to change,” she said. “They will have to win our trust,” she said of elected officials, adding, “we are all united, and we want a place at the table.”
That puts additional pressure on Mr. Trump to reverse the perception that he was indifferent to Puerto Rico, at least initially.
Several of the activists were intrigued by Mr. Trump's suggestion that he would try to wipe out Puerto Rico's bloated public debt, but then others noted that other administration officials had quickly dismissed that idea. And they were unanimous in their criticism of Mr. Trump for waiting two weeks before visiting Puerto Rico and about his harsh remarks about the mayor of San Juan, whom he accused of “poor leadership.”
Photo
“That was horrible,” said Zoraida Rios-Andino. “He treated us like a third-world country.”
Gov. Rick Scott, who has been mentioned as a possible candidate for the United States Senate next year, and Senator Marco Rubio, both Republicans, have been pushing aggressively for assistance for the island and for services within Florida to help those who have been displaced. They are conscious that the antagonism toward the president could have consequences for them.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“One of the reasons you see Rubio and Rick Scott racing to Puerto Rico is they realize the potential danger of this bashing of the mayor for Florida Republicans,” said Susan MacManus, a professor at the University of South Florida who has studied the state's Latino vote.
Ultimately, the impact Puerto Ricans have on politics will be up to people like Esteban Garces, state director of Mi Familia Vota, who has been working in the state since 2012 and said his group had registered more than 65,000 voters since then.
Puerto Ricans are American citizens by birth, so registering them is far easier than registering Latino immigrants. His organization has been building a network that will make it easier to register those who come from the island and declare Florida residency. “We have the capacity and the know-how to step up the scale,” Mr. Garces said.
“This is a defining moment,” he said. “Historically Cubans have always been thought of as the political powerhouse in Florida, but over the years their concentration has been decreasing. Now, there are almost more Puerto Ricans than Cubans, which will create a dynamic shift in how the Latino vote in Florida goes.”
It is too soon, he said, to push to register people as they arrive, many stricken by loss. But with a governor's race next year, Mr. Garces is preparing to mobilize after the migrants have had time to settle in.
That election, and the presidential election in 2020 if Mr. Trump is on the ballot, will be a referendum in part for Latino voters on how politicians responded to the crisis in Puerto Rico.
“They have a lot of power in their hands with that vote,” Mr. Garces said. “It's just a matter of flexing that muscle.”
By Farayi Machamire
Zimbabwe's largest meat processor Colcom Foods has bowed down to public pressure and announced it is working on plans for alternative means of producing a pie that includes the aspects of the “original” pork pie but said it could take time.
This comes as the formerly Zimbabwe Stock Exchange-listed meat processing company — known for its delicious pork pie which was extremely nostalgic for many Zimbabweans — faced raging public pressure over the deteriorating quality and quantity of ingredients in its flagship product.
Majority owned by Innscor Africa, Colcom had come under fire over the drastic slash in the filling used in the pork pie and the pastry which many said was now poor.
Colcom — engaged in the processing and marketing of pork and other protein-based food products including beef and chicken in Zimbabwe — said it was naturally very concerned by the complaints and criticisms that its pork pies are “not what they used to be.”
Clarifying the changes that have been made, and the reasons, Colcom — which also produces fresh pork, hams, bacons, fresh and cooked sausages, pies, cold meats, polonies and canned meats products — said in August 2015 it commissioned a new, largely automated plant to replace its previous aged and inefficient plant to increase production capacity required to meet the increase in demand.
The pigs and pig-based products producer said while it was anticipated that the new plant would be able to produce similar pies, in practice this was found not to be the case.
“At the same time, we were increasingly conscious that a large proportion of our customers were asking for a more affordable pie.
“In order to achieve this, the plant was designed to produce a 100-gramme pie, which at that time retailed at 39 cents to replace the previous 120-gramme pie which retailed at 60 cents,” Colcom said in a statement.
The current retail price for Colcom's 100-gramme pies, three years later, is 50 cents.
“It is important to note that we have trebled production to meet the substantial and growing demand for our pies. This would not have been possible if we had not upgraded our pie manufacturing facility.
“We have listened to our customers and are well aware that there is a segment of our pie customers who would like to see the return of the “original” Colcom pies.
“Whilst maintaining the original Colcom pie has been the objective since the commissioning of the new pie plant, and we have committed significant resources to achieve this result including seeking the assistance of international technical experts, it has until now not been possible to replicate all aspects of that product,” the statement said.
“Our technical team is working on plans for alternative means of producing a pie that includes the aspects of the ‘original' Colcom pie that at present we cannot reproduce. The work to achieve this result is ongoing but the process will take time.” DailyNews
“The goal of the camp is to help our young people manage possible problems they are faced with on a daily basis, both in and out of school,” Bryan said. “Our young people today face so many more problems in a technologically-savvy world than many of us faced in school. Our SRO team wants to provide students with the tools they need to learn how to maturely manage problems and build self-confidence while avoiding becoming victims.”
Instruction areas will include such topics as bullying; online predators; drug and alcohol awareness; confidence building, team-building exercises; a tour of the jail; and examination of the juvenile court system.
The classes will be held July 17-19 from 8 a.m. until noon and also from noon until 4 p.m. for 25 qualifying students in each session. Eligibility requirements include any male or female with a good disciplinary school record and good attendance record. Any male or female going into grades six through eight for the 2017-2018 school year will be considered.
The cost is free to any qualifying students. This year, students will receive lunch each day in partnership with the Lebanon Special School District's Family Resource Center.
For more information, contact a local SRO or the Wilson County Sheriff's Office.
PINE BLUFF, Ark. (AP) — Voters in Pine Bluff have overwhelmingly approved a temporary sales tax increase that will fund the city's "Go Forward Pine Bluff" improvements initiative.
The seven-year tax is expected to raise about $4 million per year for the city. The money will be paired with private donations and grants for improvements to the city, which has seen its population steadily drop over the past few decades.
According to unofficial results, more than two-thirds of voters approved the tax increase in a special election Tuesday.
Officials say the tax increase is expected to cost the average Pine Bluff household about $15 per month.
DRIVERS face delays during roadworks on the M62 and M1 in West Yorkshire this week.
Highways England said the eastbound carriageway of the M62 from junction 30 for Wakefield/Rothwell to junction 31 for Castleford/Normanton will be fully closed overnight for four nights from Wednesday March 21.
The eastbound M62 carriageway will be fully closed overnight from junction 31 to junction 32 for Pontefract on Sunday March 25.
The westbound M62 carriageway will be fully closed overnight from junction 31 to junction 30 every night this week up to and including Friday.
The closures, which are for resurfacing work, will take place between 8pm and 6am. Drivers will be able to follow clearly signed diversion routes.
And The northbound entry slip road to the M1 at junction 40 for Ossett will be closed between 8pm on Wednesday and 6am on Thursday for technology work. The northbound exit slip road at junction 41 of the M1 will be fully closed from 8pm tonight (Tuesday March 20) until 6am on Wednesday.
By Jason Keidel
» More Columns
Sunday's game between the Jets and the Buffalo Bills was an emblem in woes between two forlorn franchises.
It showed why neither team made the playoffs this year, why the Bills haven't reached the playoffs this century, and why the Jets haven't played in a Super Bowl since man landed on the moon.
The Bills didn't start the quarterback they wanted because he could get hurt, putting the club on the hook for $30.75 million next year. Instead, Buffalo trotted out a messy amalgam of E.J. Manuel and Cardale Jones, the former a first-round bust, the latter a variable.
The Jets started a quarterback they don't want, because the QB they wanted to start was hurt.
The Bills just fired their head coach, who also coached the Jets. Buffalo was 7-8 when it gave Rex Ryan the axe. The Jets finished 5-11 with the man who replaced Ryan. If Gang Green posts a similar record next year, Todd Bowles will surely see the very pink slip the Bills just slipped Ryan.
The Jets can't even get their on-field personnel right. Fitzpatrick-to-Marshall was a winning tandem last year, a tune that topped the NFL charts. That would be Brandon Marshall, of course, not Jalin Marshall, who hauled in the pass that put the Jets up 17-3 on Sunday.
But if the first day of 2017 unearthed a hit song for next season, it's in the Jets' backfield.
In the spirit of New Year's Day and the slew of college football games just played, the Jets essentially hosted the Bilal Powell Bowl.
Every year it seems the Jets are desperate to unveil their bellweather running back, the all-world workhorse to pound the rock, line, and opponents until they wave the white flag in the fourth quarter. First it was Chris Ivory, who ran like a rhino for most of 2015, until he lost his legs. Then they signed Matt Forte, who has a sprawling résumé that at least plants him somewhere in the Canton chat. But Forte is a bit long in the tooth and, to paraphrase Bill Parcells, has lost some tread on his Pro Bowl tires.
Powell ran the ball 22 times, for 122 yards (5.5 yards per carry), and scored a touchdown on one of his two receptions, putting some positive punctuation on the Jets' 30-10 victory over the Bills. In the four games since Dec 11, Powell has rushed 82 times for 411 yards (5.0 per rush) and three touchdowns. It's quite counterintuitive for the Jets to actually draft offensive talent, but they did back in 2011 when they took Powell in the fourth round out of Louisville.
But his 137 total yards on Sunday couldn't erase the stains of a lost season. As soon as the faerie dust of the victory blows away from the Meadowlands, the Jets will have to face the meat-hook realities of next season.
There's the curious case of Darrelle Revis, who made the most surreal plea perhaps in franchise history, imploring the Jets to show some “class” by bringing him — and his salary — back next year. Surely, it was all about Revis' commitment to the Jets and the area, not the $15 million cap number he's due to devour next year year. This is clearly about cash, not cachet. Yeah.
MORE: Report: Revis Seems Ready To Take Pay Cut To Stay With Jets
Perhaps the NFL's most prolific and profitable mercenary, Revis has some stones asking any team to show him monetary largesse after he's held teams over a barrel during his splendid career. If anyone should understand the zero-sum calculus of NFL performance, it's Revis, who is guaranteed about $6 million next season. If he agrees to shave his salary down significantly, he's likely to be welcomed back.
With Revis and the re-signing of Muhammad Wilkerson, who came into the season flanked by two behemoths in Sheldon Richardson and Leonard Williams, the Jets were at least supposed to have an ornery defense this season. Yet only the Browns, Saints, and 49ers gave up more points than the Jets (409). And Revis Island, once the most exclusive real estate in the sport, now has too many tenants to count.
The good news is the Jets will have over $70 million in cap space … in 2018. According to Spotrac, the Jets have barely $1 million in cap room in 2017. They have no idea who will lead the team in the huddle or the locker room. Usually one man assumes both roles, but Bryce Petty didn't show us nearly enough to leave you warm this winter. And the Jets have protected Christian Hackenberg like the Manhattan Project. If the Jets look like a mess, that's because they are.
It's odd putting a postmortem on a season that died two months ago, but the Jets too often put sportswriters in that position. But at least we're paid to do it. Jet fans actually pay money to watch the autopsy.
Follow Jason on Twitter at @JasonKeidel
Andrew Luck isn't sure when he'll start throwing again and won't set a timetable for his return from shoulder surgery.
The Indianapolis Colts starting quarterback isn't expected to do much — if any — work during the team's offseason workouts.
Players and coaches held their first official team activities Monday at the team complex, and for the first time Luck acknowledged that his injury problems began during a Week 3 contest at Tennessee in 2015.
He missed nine games that season with an assortment of injuries, including a lacerated kidney. After the season, Luck said he decided to undergo rehab rather than opt for surgery. But after aggravating the injury several times last season, he decided to have surgery.
——
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP—NFL .
Want to enjoy 'Zen' reading - with no ads and just the article? Subscribe today
Back to page
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
Free-agent guard Raymond Felton has agreed to a one-year, $2.4 million deal to return to the Oklahoma City Thunder, league sources told ESPN.
Felton's signing will push the Thunder's payroll and luxury tax hurtling past an historic NBA threshold: $300 million. The Thunder are responsible to pay $150 million in tax on the 2018-19 season's roster, if the roster stays intact through the end of the season.
Felton was an important part of the Thunder as their backup point guard a season ago, enjoying a career revival in his role. He has been a popular teammate and is considered a strong part of the team's good chemistry.
The Thunder are Felton's eighth NBA team in 13 seasons. He averaged 6.9 points and 2.5 assists in 82 games a year ago with the Thunder -- on the heels of playing 80 games two seasons ago with the LA Clippers.
For his career, he has averaged 11.4 points and 5.4 assists.
A look at what's happening around baseball Thursday:
TEST OF THE CHAMPION
After wrapping up a series at Yankee Stadium on Wednesday night, Jose Altuve and the World Series champion Astros return home to face another 2017 playoff opponent in Boston. Including a four-game series at Cleveland last weekend, that makes three straight foes for Houston that participated in last year's post-season. Lance McCullers Jr. (6-3, 3.98 ERA) starts the opener of a four-game set against Red Sox lefty Drew Pomeranz (1-2, 6.75 ERA).
BACK ON THE MOUND
Dodgers ace Clayton Kershaw is scheduled to return to the rotation at home against the Philadelphia Phillies. The three-time NL Cy Young Award winner has been on the disabled list for nearly a month with left biceps tendinitis. He is 1-4 with a 2.86 ERA this season. Aaron Nola (6-2, 2.27 ERA) pitches for the Phillies.
BEASTS OF THE NL EAST
The Nationals and Braves, in a tight race with the Phillies for the top spot in the NL East, begin a four-game series in Atlanta. Tanner Roark (2-4, 3.17 ERA) starts for Washington against Atlanta's Sean Newcomb (5-1, 2.75 ERA).
'ROCK BOTTOM' IN QUEENS
The New York Mets have been reeling, and first-year manager Mickey Callaway is looking for a way out. Almost nothing has gone right since New York won its fourth straight game on May 21. It began Wednesday's game against the Atlanta Braves having lost seven of nine and in danger of falling under .500 for the first time this season. "We've hit rock bottom the last few days and we have to come out of it," Callaway said. The bullpen is 1-5 with an 8.51 ERA in its past six games. New York has 11 players on the disabled list, including sluggers Yoenis Cespedes and Todd Frazier, reliever Anthony Swarzak and catcher Travis d'Arnaud.
STILL NOT MILLER TIME
1. Always Pay Your Minimums
2. Keep Your Balance Below 30 Percent Of Your Credit Line
3. Find A Method That Works For You
4. Pay Off Your Balance
It can be confusing to figure out the best way to pay off credit card debt, especially if you're juggling multiple cards. There's more than one way to manage your debt. But if maintaining a healthy credit score is your top priority, follow these tips:The first thing you should prioritize is paying off the monthly minimum on each of your credit cards. If you don't pay your minimum, you'll start getting hit with late fees — which can add up fast. And if you fall far enough behind, your credit will suffer. FICO calculates your credit score based on your performance in five categories: Amounts owed, new credit, length of credit history, credit mix and payment history. The latter, which can be hit by missing minimum payments, accounts for 35 percent of your overall score. If you're deciding between paying off a balance and paying minimums on other cards, you should always pay off your minimums first, said Malik Lee, certified financial planner and associate at Henssler Financial. "You want to rebuild your credit without going further in debt," he said. A good way to make sure you don't fall behind on minimums is to set up automatic payments through your bank.If you're strictly focused on building up credit and can't avoid a balance on your card, at least make sure to keep your balance below 30 percent of your total credit line. If it crosses that threshold, you might start to see your credit score drop. Jared Paul, a certified financial planner and founder of Capable Wealth, explained that borrowers who keep their balance below 30 percent aren't seen as a risk or a threat by creditors — so a balance of less than one-third of your credit line won't hurt your score. Paul added that keeping a small balance can actually help build credit. "It might not be a bad idea to pay the minimums for a while so [you're] showing a longer history of on-time payments," he said. "If you just have a credit that's forever with zero balance — it's not a bad thing, but it's not a way to show that you're paying on time."If you've got balances across multiple cards, it makes the most sense to tackle the card with the highest-interest rate firstBut if that balance is especially big, it might be more motivating to eliminate balances from smallest to largest. "By focusing on the card with the lowest balance, you can more quickly achieve a 'win' by paying it off in full," Paul said. "Then, move on to the next lowest balance." These wins can help borrowers feel like they're making good progress, Paul said. "If that can help someone get out of debt faster, that's the long-term best play."If you're focused strictly on eliminating debt without taking on extra costs, pay off outstanding credit card balances. That debt collects interest, so paying it off quickly will save you money in the long run. But once you've eliminated your balance, don't get rid of your card. The "length of credit history" component of your credit score makes up 15 percent of your overall score, so it makes sense to keep your cards open and continue paying off their minimum balance once you've brought your balance down to zero. Written by Danielle Wiener-Bronner for CNN. The-CNN-Wire ™ & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
This story originally appeared on Don't Waste Your Money. Checkout Don't Waste Your Money for other great tips and ideas to make the most out of life.
Santa Clara PD requested trains hold out of Santa Clara due to police activity. #NB155 holding at Santa Clara#SB150 holding at Lawrence#NB257 holding at Diridon. #Caltrain — Caltrain (@Caltrain) March 19, 2018
Santa Clara police have authorized Caltrain to resume normal operations after responding to a call of a distraught woman at the overpass of De La Cruz Boulevard, according to a police spokesman.Capt. Wahid Kazem said that the woman has been comforted by county mental health experts and is being taken in for treatment.Police cars were still blocking an on-ramp by De La Cruz Boulevard as of 3:10 p.m., but Kazem said they were in the process of clearing the scene.
The 10-member opposition group met at the office of Congress leader Ghulam Nabi Azad, but chose not to put out a name as their presidential nominee. The top three leaders of the BJP: Arun Jailtey, Venkaiah Naidu and Rajnath Singh are expected to meet today to hold deliberations for the government's presidential candidate.
But with the numbers firmly stacked in favour of the government, the BJP is capable of electing any candidate of their choice as the next president, when Pranab Mukherjee demits office. This has made the opposition play the wait and watch game, where the opposition has said that the presidential candidate should have secular credentials and must uphold the constitutional values of India.
The BJP leaders will also meet with the opposition on Friday, to see if a consensus could be evolved for the next President of India. So with the race to the Raisina Hills reaching the business end, the unity of the opposition's mahagathbandhan will be put to the test.
Kumkum Bhagya 24 April 2018 Full Episode Written Updates: Abhi's Marriage Anniversary Abhi goes for work even on the morning of his marriage anniversary. Pragya's lookalike goes to wake her daughter up but she wants her Dad to be around. She calls him but he hangs up saying that he is busy. The party begins at Abhi's house.
In the previous episode, Simonica shoots Dadi and she is declared. Abhi blames Pragya for Dadi's death and in a fit of rage, he breaks all relations with her. The show takes a leap and Abhi is supposed to be celebrating his wedding anniversary but has forgotten until he is reminded about it by Poorab's child. Pragya's lookalike is preparing for a special celebration at her place.
9:00pm- Pragya's lookalike finalises decoration for the party at her home.
9:02pm- All the girls are mesmerised by Abhi's looks in the place where he goes to innaugrate the building. Poorab helps him complete his speech as he is clueless.
9:06pm- Abhi asks Poorab to make sure that the payment comes on time but he asks him whether all this money will fetch him inner peace and happiness to which he responds saying that all these are just excuses people make to make themselves feel better about their failures.
9:08pm- Pragya's lookalike goes to wake up her daughter- Kiyara. She plays hide and seek with her. Kiyara will only drink milk once her dad is there. However, he hangs up saying that he is busy.
9:11pm- Mitali bhabhi is trying out jewellery for the party and her mother-in-law takes away the necklace she'd decided on wearing.
9:13pm- Dasi, Mitali and her mother-in-law discuss where the “bride” is. Abhi and Poorab meet Dasi and she scolds them for going to the office.
9:20pm- Abhi's nephew comes for the party after completing his homework instead of taking rest. Disha scolds him but he manages to convince her to let him stay for the party.
9:23pm- Abhi's wife comes downstairs and he takes a look at her and is sure that it is his wife- Tanu behind the veil.
9:28pm- Tanu and Abhi wish each other a happy anniversary and proceed to cut the cake as Alia comes and congratulates them.
9:29pm- Pragya's lookalike and her daughter come to London to meet her husband and celebrate his birthday together.
For all the latest Entertainment News, download NewsX App
TOKYO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018--Two of Mitsubishi Motors' latest creations – the Eclipse Cross CUV and the GT-PHEV Concept – have received GOOD DESIGN™* awards from experts at The Chicago Athenaeum.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005470/en/
2018 Mitsubishi Eclipse Cross (Photo: Business Wire)
The awards are an indication of the success of Mitsubishi Motors' design renaissance, which include the face-lift for the Outlander, a string of acclaimed concept cars, and the all-new Eclipse Cross.
The GOOD DESIGN™ awards are the oldest and the most prestigious Global Awards Program for Design Excellence and Design Innovation. Organized by the Chicago Athenaeum Museum of Architecture and Design, they are intended to create an awareness of contemporary design and to honor both products and industry leaders in design and manufacturing. GOOD DESIGN™ was founded in Chicago in 1950 by architecture and design legends Edgar Kaufmann, Jr., Eero Saarinen, and Charles and Ray Eames.
“It is an honor to have our hard work recognized by such a prestigious organization,” said Tsunehiro Kunimoto, CVP of the Design Division, MMC. “The Eclipse Cross is the first all-new car which features our Robust and Ingenious design philosophy. The GT-PHEV Concept hints at how this direction will shape the next generation of Mitsubishi SUVs.”
The Eclipse Cross is a fusion of sharp coupe looks and dynamic SUV mobility with signature Mitsubishi styling, technology and driving confidence. It features Mitsubishi's signature DYNAMIC SHIELD front design concept, with a protective shield shape visually formed by the black central area and chrome accents.
The rear design is distinguished by the almost cubist styling created around the high-mounted, stretched rear lamps and a horizontally divided rear window.
The MITSUBISHI GT-PHEV Concept, first seen at the Paris Motor Show in 2016, also features Mitsubishi's latest design language together with MMC's advanced and proprietary electric and all-wheel control technologies.
In its overall design, the MITSUBISHI GT-PHEV Concept projects the image of a “ground tourer,” expressing robust and ingenious qualities.
“The GT-PHEV is not a production car. But it gives a clear indication of how Mitsubishi's design language will evolve into cars you will be able to buy in the near future,” said Kunimoto. “I hope our work to bring Robust and Ingenious designs to fruition will continue to be recognized.”
*… GOOD DESIGN™ is a Federally Registered and Protected Trademark of The Chicago Athenaeum.
Eclipse Cross: http://good-designawards.com/award-details.html?award=31770 GT-PHEV Concept: http://good-designawards.com/award-category.html?cat=30178&page=4
About Mitsubishi Motors North America, Inc. Mitsubishi Motors North America, Inc., (MMNA) is responsible for all research and development, marketing, and sales for Mitsubishi Motors in the United States. MMNA sells sedans and crossovers/SUVs through a network of approximately 360 dealers. MMNA is leading the way in the development of highly efficient, affordably priced new gasoline-powered automobiles while using its industry-leading knowledge in battery electric vehicles to develop future EV and PHEV models. Mitsubishi has been producing cars for over 100 years. For more information, contact the Mitsubishi Motors News Bureau at (888) 560-6672 or visit media.mitsubishicars.com.
About Mitsubishi Motors Corporation Mitsubishi Motors Corporation is a global automobile company based in Tokyo, Japan, which has a competitive edge in SUVs and pickup trucks, electric and plug-in hybrid electric vehicles. Since the Mitsubishi group produced its first car more than a century ago, we have demonstrated an ambitious and often disruptive approach, developing new vehicle genres and pioneering cutting-edge technologies. Deeply rooted in Mitsubishi Motors' DNA, our brand strategy will appeal to ambitious drivers, willing to challenge conventional wisdom and ready to embrace change. Consistent with this mindset, Mitsubishi Motors introduced its new brand strategy in 2017, expressed in its “Drive your Ambition” tagline – a combination of personal drive and forward attitude, and a reflection of the constant dialogue between the brand and its customers. Today Mitsubishi Motors is committed to continuous investment in innovative new technologies, attractive design and product development, bringing exciting and authentic new vehicles to customers around the world.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005470/en/
CONTACT: For more information, please contact:
Mitsubishi Motors North America, Inc.
Jeff Holland
Director, Public Relations
Desk: 714-372-6008
jeffrey.holland@na.mitsubishi-motors.com
or
Erica Rasch
Senior Specialist, Public Relations
Desk: 714-372-6146
erica.rasch@na.mitsubishi-motors.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES ASIA PACIFIC NORTH AMERICA CALIFORNIA ILLINOIS JAPAN
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: ENTERTAINMENT ARTS/MUSEUMS MANUFACTURING AUTOMOTIVE MANUFACTURING ALTERNATIVE VEHICLES/FUELS AUTOMOTIVE RECREATIONAL VEHICLES GENERAL AUTOMOTIVE
SOURCE: Mitsubishi Motors North America, Inc.
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/23/2018 09:00 AM/DISC: 04/23/2018 09:01 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005470/en
William Grote says the latest attack by a suspected serial bomber that has terrorized Austin for weeks left what appeared to be nails embedded in his grandson's knees.
Police and federal agents said that the blast Sunday night triggered along a street by a nearly invisible tripwire suggests a "higher level of sophistication" than they have seen before in three early package bombs left on doorsteps, and means the carnage is now random, rather than targeted at someone in particular.
Two people are dead and four injured, and authorities don't appear closer to making any arrests in the four bombings that have rocked the capital city.
Authorities haven't identified the latest victims, but Grote told The Associated Press that his grandson was one of the two men wounded in southwest Austin's quiet Travis Country neighborhood. They suffered what police said were significant injuries and remained hospitalized in stable condition.
Grote said his grandson is cognizant but still in a lot of pain. He said the night of the bombing, one of the victims was riding a bike in the street and the other was on a sidewalk when they crossed a trapwire that he said knocked "them both off their feet."
"It was so dark they couldn't tell and they tripped," he said. "They didn't see it. It was a wire. And it blew up."
Grote said his son, who lives about 100 yards (91 meters) away from the blast, heard the explosion and raced outside. "Both of them were kind of bleeding profusely," Grote said.
That was a departure from the three earlier bombings, which involved parcels left on doorsteps that detonated when moved or opened.
The tripwire twist heightened the fear around Austin, a town famous for its cool, hipster attitude.
"It's creepy," said Erin Mays, 33. "I'm not a scared person, but this feels very next-door-neighbor kind of stuff."
Authorities repeated prior warnings about not touching unexpected packages and also issued new ones to be wary of any stray object left in public, especially one with wires protruding.
"We're very concerned that with tripwires, a child could be walking down a sidewalk and hit something," Christopher Combs, FBI agent in charge of the bureau's San Antonio division, said in an interview.
Police originally pointed to possible hate crimes, but the victims have now been black, Hispanic and white and from different parts of the increasingly diverse city. Domestic terrorism is among the variety of possible motives investigators are looking at.
Local and state police and hundreds of federal agents are investigating, and the reward for information leading to an arrest has climbed to $115,000.
"We are clearly dealing with what we believe to be a serial bomber at this point," Austin police Chief Brian Manley said, citing similarities among the four bombs. He would not elaborate, though, saying he didn't want to undermine the investigation.
While the first three bombings all occurred east of Interstate 35, a section of town that tends to be more heavily minority and less affluent, Sunday's was west of the highway. The differences in where the blasts have occurred, the lack of a motive and other unknowns make it harder to draw conclusions about a possible pattern, further unnerving a city on edge.
Thad Holt, 76, said he is now watching his steps as he makes his way through a section of town near the latest attack. "I think everybody can now say, 'Oh, that's like my neighborhood,'" he said.
Fred Milanowski, agent in charge of the Houston division of the federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, said the latest bomb was anchored to a metal yard sign near the head of a hiking trail.
"It was a thin wire or filament, kind of like fishing line," he said. "It would have been very difficult for someone to see."
Milanowski said authorities have checked more than 500 leads. Police asked anyone with surveillance cameras at their homes to come forward with the footage on the chance it captured suspicious vehicles or people.
Noel Holmes, whose house is about a mile away, was stunned by how loud Sunday's explosion was.
"It sounded like a very nearby cannon," Holmes said. "We went out and heard all the sirens, but it was eerie. You didn't feel like you should be outside at all."
Spring break ended Monday for the University of Texas and many area school districts. University police warned returning students to be alert and to tell their classmates about the danger, saying, "We must look out for one another." None of the four attacks happened close to the campus near the heart of Austin.
The PGA's Dell Technologies Match Play tournament is scheduled to begin in Austin on Wednesday, and dozens of the world's top golfers were to begin arriving.
"I'm pretty sure the tour has enough security to keep things safe in here. But this is scary what's happening," said golfer Jhonattan Vegas, already in town.
Andrew Zimmerman, a 44-year-old coffee shop worker, said the use of a tripwire adds a new level of suspected professionalism and makes it harder to guard against such attacks.
"This makes me sick," he said.
———
Associated Press writer Jim Vertuno contributed to this report.
Riverbend Festival featuring The Flaming Lips, Here Come The Mummies
Riverbend Music Festival 200 Riverfront Parkway, Chattanooga, Tennessee 37402
PROVIDENCE, R.I. (AP) — A Rhode Island company is going to build a wind farm that will be 10 times the size of the nation's first offshore wind farm.
Deepwater Wind says the new 400-megawatt wind farm will also create more than 800 jobs and result in $250 million in investments in Rhode Island.
Democratic Gov. Gina Raimondo and other officials visited the Port of Providence on Wednesday for the announcement.
Massachusetts and Rhode Island announced offshore wind projects last week aimed at delivering a combined 1,200 megawatts of energy, enough to power about 600,000 homes.
Deepwater Wind also built the nation's first offshore wind farm off Block Island, Rhode Island. It has five turbines. With this latest project, the company plans to build up to 50 turbines south of Martha's Vineyard.
"It is an enormous clean energy machine," Deepwater Wind CEO Jeff Grybowski said. "It will displace about 650,000 metric tons of carbon dioxide every year. It is one of the most consequential clean energy projects in the history of the northeast United States. And we're going to build it and deliver that at low cost."
Grybowski said he couldn't say exactly what the price of the energy will be because Deepwater Wind must negotiate a contract with utility company National Grid. He said it would be competitive with traditional sources of fuel and a "game changer" in replacing those sources.
The company says it will take about 800 people and roughly $1 billion to build the wind farm. Another 50 permanent jobs will be created.
The $250 million investment in Rhode Island includes $40 million in port infrastructure improvements to position the state for future offshore wind projects.
Raimondo called it a fantastic day for Rhode Island because of the amount of clean energy that will be produced and the number jobs created. She said Rhode Island can be an epicenter for the offshore wind industry. She said she thinks some of the companies that make turbines will eventually move to the state.
"This is big. This is about as big as it gets," she said.
Deepwater Wind didn't ask for tax credits for the project, called Revolution Wind.
Both the Rhode Island and Massachusetts wind farms, which the states describe as a collaborative effort, will be located south of Martha's Vineyard. The Vineyard Wind project will be Massachusetts' first offshore wind farm.
Local construction on the Revolution Wind project could start in Rhode Island in 2020 with commercial operations by 2023. The turbines are expected to generate enough energy to power more than 200,000 homes, or about half the homes in Rhode Island.
The wind farm will be in a 256-square-mile federal lease area. Deepwater Wind plans to build 15 turbines in that same area to supply renewable energy to Long Island, New York.
НТВ в социальных сетях twitter
facebook
google
vk
odnoklassniki
instagram
telegram
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
The two Defense Department officials, both of whom have knowledge of the preliminary findings, spoke on the condition of anonymity because the investigation has not yet been released. One official cautioned that the findings could change as Mr. Mattis and General Dunford review them.
“This is not consistent with the approval for this type of re-mission,” said Brig. Gen. Donald C. Bolduc, who retired shortly after handing over command of Special Operations forces in Africa in June.
“Captains do not have this authority,” said General Bolduc, referring to the rank of the junior officers. “Plus, if the ground commander pushes back on the mission, this should be a red flag for everyone in the chain of command.”
Photo
A third Defense Department official said the leader of Team 3212, Capt. Michael Perozeni, had filed a “concept of operations” document — or Conop — that showed he planned only a daylong trip to meet with tribal elders when he and his soldiers left their base in Ouallam, Niger, on Oct. 3.
Instead, the team was rerouted miles away, toward the Mali border. Its repeatedly changing overnight mission targeted Mr. Cheffou, a former cattle herder believed to be involved in the kidnapping of an American in Mali.
The preliminary findings, according to the first two Defense Department officials, imply that senior officers up the chain of command believed Team 3212 was embarking only on the daylong reconnaissance mission, as Captain Perozeni outlined in his Conop document. That trip, of 11 Americans and some 30 Nigerien soldiers, described a “civil reconnaissance” mission meant for “key-leader engagement meetings.”
Before he left Ouallam, those officials said, Captain Perozeni received the order to join the kill-or-capture mission against Mr. Cheffou, to be led by a separate assault force flying out of the town of Arlit. The order came from another junior officer, who was filling in for a regional commander on paternity leave.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Captain Perozeni pushed back against the change of mission, citing concerns over insufficient intelligence and equipment available to his team on the high-risk raid. But he did not resist orders to back up the separate assault force, the officials said.
As it turned out, that mission was later scrapped because of bad weather. Team 3212 was still on its reconnaissance mission, near the town of Tiloa, when American intelligence officials concluded that Mr. Cheffou and a handful of fighters had left their desert encampment near the border with Mali. The team was ordered to press on to that location, hoping to collect any information left behind that might offer clues about Mr. Cheffou's hide-outs and network.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
But the preliminary investigation indicates that senior officers at the Africa Command headquarters and its Special Operations component in Stuttgart were not informed of the change of plans. Nor were senior leaders at a Special Operations regional command in Chad, according to the findings.
However, according to the third Defense Department official, a lieutenant colonel in Chad had already approved both the helicopter raid based from Arlit, which was scrapped, and Team 3212's original reconnaissance mission, which had taken it just 15 miles from the ambush site outside the village of Tongo Tongo.
Additionally, that official said, Col. Bradley Moses, the head of 3rd Special Forces Group in Germany, was informed of the two missions. The official was not authorized to discuss the missions or the investigation publicly.
Photo
Current and former military officials said they found it highly surprising that the captain who was filling in for the regional commander in Niger — Maj. Alan Van Saun — would have been empowered to redirect Team 3212 without higher approval. They also said it would be extraordinary that senior officers and their staffs, in Chad or in Germany, would not have been aware of or involved in that decision.
Had it changed missions, the team would have been required to send in new routes — in part to be protected with medical evacuation support or other assistance if needed. Through a communications channel that was tethered to commanders at a base in Niamey, Niger's capital, the team's position would have been sent by either a satellite radio or phone and typed into a chat room monitored by the chain of command stretching from Niger to Germany. The team's GPS tracker would also be monitored in Germany.
In short, the mission change should have been duly reported — and noted — by military officials from West Africa to Stuttgart.
Team 3212 came under fire on Oct. 4, as the soldiers headed back to Ouallam from Mr. Cheffou's encampment. After stopping in Tongo Tongo for water, the American and Nigerien forces were ambushed and overpowered by militants who officials believe were linked to the Islamic State.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Captain Perozeni and Sgt. First Class Brent Bartels, the radio operator for Team 3212, were shot and wounded early in the Oct. 4 ambush. Four Americans — Staff Sgt. Bryan C. Black, Staff Sgt. Dustin M. Wright, Staff Sgt. Jeremiah W. Johnson and Sgt. La David Johnson — were killed.
Initially, Pentagon officials said the results of the lengthy inquiry would be released in January to Congress, the American public and the families of the slain soldiers.
Speaking last week with reporters traveling with him to the Middle East and Afghanistan, Mr. Mattis said he expected aides to provide him with answers to several of his questions by no later than Monday. The secretary said he was also expecting General Dunford's advice on the report soon.
In December, two months after the ambush, a separate team of Green Berets operating in a different part of Niger killed 11 Islamic State militants in a firefight. That battle was reported last week, by The New York Times, as one of at least 10 other previously undisclosed attacks on American troops in West Africa between 2015 and 2017.
Together, they indicate that the deadly October ambush was not an isolated episode in a nation where the United States is building a major drone base. No American or Nigerien forces were harmed in the December gun battle.
The American military did not disclose the December firefight or the others until pressed by The Times. “We don't want to give a report card to our adversaries,” said Dana W. White, the Pentagon press secretary.
(BRUSSELS) — Negotiators from the European Union and Britain on Monday hailed major progress in the Brexit talks, but conceded there had been no breakthrough on keeping open the Irish border.
Britain is due to leave the European Union at the end of March 2019, but Brexit talks must be concluded by this fall to leave national parliaments in the bloc time to ratify any deal.
“We have travelled a large section of the path toward an orderly withdrawal,” EU chief negotiator Michel Barnier told reporters in Brussels. He said that negotiators, working day and night recently, had agreed on “a large part of what would constitute” the draft legal treaty governing Britain's departure.
He said the two sides have also reached an agreement on a transition period to help ease Britain out of the EU once it officially leaves on March 29, 2019. Barnier said the period would be “of a limited duration,” in all likelihood ending on Dec. 31, 2020.
Alongside him, British envoy David Davis said the progress made is a “significant step” toward a final deal.
Davis said he is confident that the draft legal text the sides have prepared will be endorsed by European Union leaders when they meet on Thursday and Friday.
Barnier said Britain must continue to respect EU laws and would continue to benefit from Europe's single market and customs union during the transition period.
Davis said international agreements would continue to apply to Britain now and during the transition period after Brexit takes place in 2019. He said the two sides had agreed to set up a joint committee to resolve any disputes during that transition.
“We must seize the moment and carry forward the momentum of the last few weeks,” Davis said.
Both sides agreed to intensify talks to keep open the border between Ireland, which is an EU member, and Northern Ireland, which is part of the U.K.
In Berlin, meanwhile, a group representing European carmakers urged the Brexit negotiators to urgently address issues affecting the auto industry and to prevent “potentially disastrous implications” for its supply chain.
The European Automobile Manufacturers' Association, or ACEA, said it's concerned about whether cars approved by U.K. authorities can still be sold in the EU after Brexit and vice versa. It called for both sides to recognize each other's vehicle approvals.
It also said any new customs checks “would add cost, cause delays and threaten productivity.”
This is an in-depth review of the Nikon 28mm f/1.8G lens that was announced in April of 2012 together with the Nikon D3200 DSLR. After releasing a number of great and affordable primes such as the Nikon 50mm f/1.8G and the 85mm f/1.8G (both of which turned out to be phenomenal), Nikon rolled out the 28mm f/1.8G lens to target photographers who are looking for a fast, inexpensive and lightweight wide-angle prime lens that can be suitable for a variety of different genres of photography.
The Nikon 28mm f/1.8G is an enthusiast-grade lens for photographers who need high-quality optics of a fast wide-angle prime for low-light situations, and shallow depth of field to isolate subjects from the background. The lens is designed for both full-frame (FX) and and cropped sensors (DX, equivalent to 42mm) and comes with a silent-wave focus motor (SWM) for quick, silent and accurate autofocus operation. Its lens elements are coated with Nikon's proprietary Nano Crystal Coat and Super Integrated Coating in order to reduce the effects of ghosting and flare, and its optical design incorporates two aspherical elements in order to reduce aberrations and increase lens sharpness. At just 330 grams, the Nikon 28mm f/1.8G is one of the lightest wide-angle prime lenses on the market.
In this review, I will provide a thorough analysis of the Nikon 28mm f/1.8G, along with image samples and comparisons to other Nikon primes, including the Nikon 24mm f/1.4G and the newer Nikon 28mm f/1.4E.
1) Lens Specifications
Main Features:
Prime wide-angle perspective and fast f/1.8 aperture delivers great low-light performance.
Nano Crystal Coat effectively reduces ghost and flare.
2 Aspherical Lens Elements virtually eliminate coma and other types of aberration.
Rear Focus (RF) provides smooth and fast autofocus while eliminating front barrel rotation and lens length changes.
Quiet focusing with built-in Silent Wave Motor (SWM).
Two focus modes selectable – M/A and M
Rounded 7-Blade Diaphragm renders natural appearance of out-of-focus image elements.
Technical Specifications:
Mount Type: Nikon F-Bayonet
Focal Length: 28mm
Maximum Aperture: 1.8
Minimum Aperture: 16
Maximum Angle of View (DX-format): 53°
Maximum Angle of View (FX-format): 75°
Maximum Reproduction Ratio: 0.22x
Lens (Elements): 11
Lens (Groups): 9
Compatible Format(s): FX, DX, FX in DX Crop Mode, 35mm Film
Diaphragm Blades: 7
Distance Information: Yes
Nano Crystal Coat: Yes
Aspherical (Elements): 2
Super Integrated Coating: Yes
Autofocus: Yes
AF-S (Silent Wave Motor): Yes
Minimum Focus Distance: 0.85ft.(0.25m)
Rear Focusing: Yes
Filter Size: 67mm
Accepts Filter Type: Screw-on
Dimensions: (Approx.) 2.9×3.2 in. (Diameter x Length), 73×80.5mm (Diameter x Length)
Weight: (Approx.) 11.6 oz. (330g)
Supplied Accessories: LC-67 Snap-on Front Lens Cap, HB-64 Bayonet Lens Hood, LF-4 Rear Lens Cap, CL-0915 Semi-soft Lens Case
Detailed specifications for the lens, along with MTF charts and other useful data can be found on the Nikon AF-S NIKKOR 28mm f/1.8G page of our lens database.
2) Lens Handling and Build
Similar to the recently introduced Nikon prime lenses, the Nikon 28mm f/1.8G has a solid build, with a plastic exterior and a metal mount. Weighing almost half of the Nikon 28mm f/1.4E, it is a relatively small and lightweight lens that is easy to carry and handle. Like its other f/1.8G counterparts, it also comes with a rubber gasket on the lens mount, which provides good sealing against dust making its way into the camera. It has a smaller front element than the Nikon 28mm f/1.4E and a thinner barrel, making the lens less bulky in comparison. A smaller barrel also means a smaller filter thread – the Nikon 28mm f/1.8G takes 67mm filters. Thanks to the rear focus feature, the front of the lens never extends or rotates during focusing, which means that you can easily use polarizing filters without worrying about constant readjustment. The lens comes with the HB-64 bayonet lens hood, which sits tight and does not wobble once mounted. The M/A and M switch on the side of the lens allows autofocus with manual focus override and full manual focus operation.
As expected, the lens balances well on Nikon DSLRs (I tested it on the Nikon D3200, D700, D800E and D4), although it might feel a little too light for high-end heavy DSLRs like the D4. The focus ring is very wide and smooth, making it easy for manual focus adjustment. On the flip side, it feels a little too loose and not damped enough when compared to other modern AF-S lenses.
Here is how the lens compares to the highly acclaimed Nikon 24mm f/1.4G in terms of size and bulk:
3) Autofocus Performance and Accuracy
Similar to other f/1.8 lenses, the autofocus speed on the Nikon 28mm f/1.8G lens is good. I would say comparable to the AF speed on the Nikon 50mm f/1.8G. Thanks to the Silent Wave Motor (SWM) technology, autofocus operation is also pretty quiet, much better compared to old and noisy screw-type AF-D lenses. I tested this lens in both daylight and low-light situations on multiple FX and DX cameras, and autofocus was accurate at the maximum aperture of f/1.8 (make sure to fine tune your lens if needed). Be careful with this lens when stopping down, since the lens has a noticeable amount of focus shift (see “Focus Shift and Field Curvature section” on the next page).
Number Ranked Quarterback Chooses Georgia Over Alabama, Other Schools
by Rashad Snell
Highly touted high school quarterback Justin Fields plans to attend Georgia next year.
Fields is from Harrison High School in Kennesaw, Georgia. He announced at a pep rally at the school Friday his nonbinding verbal commitment to the Bulldogs. According to 247Sports' composite rankings of the major recruiting analysts, Fields is the No. 1 overall player in the country.
Fields verbally committed to Penn State late last year, but backed off that in the spring. He had taken official visits to Alabama and LSU.
Fields adds more intrigue to No. 5 Georgia's quarterback situation. Five-star recruit Jacob Eason started last season as a freshman, but freshman Jake Fromm took over when Eason got hurt in this season and has played well. All three could be on the roster by spring.
___
More AP college football: www.collegefootball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
NGO Empowers Women Nationwide on Sustainable Work
Another seeks improved waste disposal
Carol Oku in Lagos and Hammed Shittu in Ilorin
A hands-on training workshop with the theme ‘Enhancing effectiveness and efficiency of women-run Non-Governmental Organisations (NGOs) in Nigeria' was recently held in Lagos.
The workshop, which was held in Ikeja, sought to empower women to enhance their capacity to run sustainable NGOs that can seek support and funding from reputable organisations. It was facilitated by the Enterprise for Development International (EfDI), an international development agency and supported by ExxonMobil, an oil company.
Participants at the event were drawn from the six geopolitical zones of Nigeria. While some already had operating NGOs, other participants needed a boost from the workshop to get themselves up and running.
The sessions, which were facilitated by highly regarded resource persons, covered NGO Start-Up, Fundraising and Proposal Development for Programmes and Projects, Effective Use of ICT for Running NGOs & Stakeholder and Partnership. Case studies aided participation and enhanced understanding of the subjects covered.
The keynote address was delivered by the senior contracts engineer, ExxonMobil, Mrs. Patricia Opene-Odili. She emphasised that ExxonMobil was passionate about the concerns of women and actively promotes opportunities for women to network and build capacity through initiatives such as this.
Opene-Odili highlighted the importance of passion in running an NGO, noting that “it is a critical key ingredient needed to sustain vision and to succeed”. She enjoined the participants to network with those who have established NGOs in order to learn and build on their knowledge and also to be guided in the right direction.
She also implored participants to consider segments of society especially their immediate environment, where they can be more impactful and affect lives positively.
Programmes coordinator, Mrs. Constance Nwokejiobi, in her remarks to the participants, encouraged the women to pursue businesses that would impact the society positively. She charged the women to think about themselves and consider flashbacks to their childhoods, early aspirations and dreams of the future. In her words, “women have their dreams, you know what you want to be, let it be”.
Meanwhile another NGO based in Ilorin, Kwara state, Vico Recyclers has lamented Nigerians' awful approach to waste disposal and management in the country.‎ He said such attitude has become a serious threat to environmental development in the country.
The CEO of the organisation, Mr. Victor Hamzat who disclosed this to journalists in Ilorin after the group held a sensitisation programme to mark the recent World Environment day said, “Everybody does not like waste. People don't want to see waste. People's attitude to waste management and disposal has been terrible and this is uncalled for.”
According to him, “That is why we are raising awareness on the involvement of all in waste disposal, as government alone cannot do all things. It all boils down to our attitude to our environment and members of the public are encouraged to take good care of their waste. There are better good values that can be given to waste.
“As they say, a man's waste is another person's treasure. We should appreciate our environment by keeping it clean always. We should make sure we don't litter our environment with waste and we should not block the drains.
On the exercise, Victor added “we are celebrating the World Environment Day today. We are all out to raise awareness about protecting our environment and getting people involved. This is our planet and our home. Everyone needs to play his role.
“Vicfold Recyclers is a social enterprise and what we do is to give value for waste. We actually give people reward in exchange for their waste. We collect waste especially solid waste in exchange for gift items like electronics and cash and even food items”, he added.
This post was syndicated from THISDAYLIVE. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
(AP Photo/Jeff Chiu, File). FILE - In this Dec. 23, 2015, file photo, a photo of Jahi McMath is shown on a video screen next to her uncle Timothy Whisenton at a news conference in San Francisco. The mother of a girl at the center of a medical and relig...
(AP Photo/Eric Risberg, File). FILE - In this Oct. 3, 2014, file photo, Nailah Winkfield, left, and Omari Sealey, right, the mother and uncle of Jahi McMath, listen to doctors speak during a news conference in San Francisco. The mother of a girl at the...
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) - The mother of a girl at the center of a medical and religious debate over brain death said she does not regret moving from California to New Jersey so her daughter could receive care after being declared dead.
Nailah Winkfield told reporters Tuesday that she gave up everything for daughter Jahi McMath.
"Everything that I did, from selling my house, to quitting my job, to moving across the country and taking all that time away from my family, it was all worth it," Winkfield said.
She has said doctors declared Jahi dead on June 22 from excessive bleeding and liver failure after an operation to treat an intestinal issue.
Jahi had been declared dead in December 2013 at age 13 after suffering irreversible brain damage during surgery in California to remove her tonsils. A coroner signed a death certificate.
Winkfield refused to accept the conclusion and took Jahi to New Jersey, which accommodates religions that don't recognize brain death.
Winkfield said Tuesday that her daughter grew and went through puberty - evidence she was not dead.
"There's no way in the world that I would be holding onto a corpse for 4½ years," she said.
She also described her final moments with Jahi. Winkfield said she gave her daughter permission to "go" if she was tired, telling her not to worry about her mom.
"I said, 'You have my permission. You can go,'" she said. "I said, 'My husband will see about me, your siblings will see about me. Don't worry.'"
She said Jahi died hours later.
"It's going to be hard without her," she said. "She was a sweet girl."
Jahi will be buried Friday in Hayward, California, the San Francisco Chronicle reported .
Conservative religious groups rallied behind Winkfield and helped raise money for Jahi's continued care.
Winkfield and her lawyers have been trying to rescind the California death certificate as part of a medical malpractice lawsuit against the hospital where Jahi had her tonsillectomy.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
NEW YORK (AP) — Stars, including Lady Gaga and Kelly Clarkson, turned out on the Grammys red carpet Sunday displaying white roses in solidarity with the Time's Up and #MeToo movements against sexual misconduct on music's biggest night for what is usually the wildest display of fashion during awards season.
Gaga was in a black lace top and leggings with a full skirt and train, white rose in place and her hair swept into a fishtail braid with black pins. Her signature towering platform shoes — black boots this time around— were on her feet. Rita Ora also wowed in black, a gown with a silver embellished lining open on one side to the hip. She, too, had a white rose pinned on.
There was lots of black, perhaps spillover from the anti-sexual misconduct message of the recent Golden Globes, but there was also plenty of color.
Elton John didn't disappoint on that score in a geometric-pattern, blue, gold and red sparkler of a jacket from Gucci, encrusted sunglasses to match. Country's trio Midland — Mark Wystrach, Cameron Duddy and Jess Carson — went big in the cowboy hat department, including a topper with a rainbow feather to match a similarly adorned jacket for one.
Multiple-nominee Sza was accompanied by her grandmother and donned embellished white, her hair loose and natural. Cardi B made a big statement in white with a short tiered dress and train.
"It was an interesting choice for her," Cosmopolitan's senior fashion editor said of Cardi. "I loved it. It was very playful and fun."
Sam Smith was in a green suit — yes he wore the rose — and a red scoop-neck shirt underneath, while Ne-Yo wore a yellow jacket. In a red tuxedo look, including red bow tie, was DJ Khaled and his adorable, mini-me 1-year-old son, who got a matching red suit.
Khaled called Asahd: "My partner in crime, my best friend, my biggest blessing. ... When he smiles it's like God smiling on me."
Khaled's red was a win for Reid as well: "I thought it was very whimsical and he did it well."
Maren Morris was in a chain-link silver sparkler that brought the wow in a barely there design. Also in silver: A pregnant Chrissie Teigen as she posed with husband John Legend.
"My favorite is definitely Chrissie Teigen in her all-silver sequin look. I think she's taking maternity style to the next level."
Lana Del Rey, meanwhile, joined Sir Elton in Gucci, an angelic gown in cream with a high slit and crystal star theme, including a star head piece. Ashanti was a princess in long-sleeved gold.
Rapper K. Flay, in a black tuxedo jacket, chose a Time's Up button instead of the flower but noted all such symbols are important expressions of solidarity for women. Songwriter Diane Warren, a 15-time Grammy nominee, wore black and white and went her own way on symbols. She wore white gloves with "Girl" on one hand and "Power" on the other, explaining: "I didn't want to wear the rose. I'm a rebel."
Nominees The Secret Sisters won for largest white roses, noting it's time for the music industry to step up and better acknowledge sexual misconduct.
Perhaps the New York vibe — the Grammys hadn't been held here in 15 years — added to the parade of music men and women opting for black, including traditional tuxedos and suits. Women in black went for both edgy and chic.
Country star Reba McEntire, the latest pitch person as Col. Sanders for KFC, was among them in a Jovani sleeveless studded gown in black with silver embellishment, white rose in place as a reminder to everybody to "treat each other like we want to be treated. It's the golden rule."
Clarkson's black gown was embellished in silver and gold. Her white rose was long stemmed and she carried it as opposed to pinning it on. Miley Cyrus also opted for the long-stem rose option to go with her black, skinny-legged trouser look.
Newcomer Julia Michaels was in lavender, her arm tattoos on display in an open-sided long gown. The deep V-neck with a butterfly motif was by Paolo Sebastian.
Veteran performer Andra Day, nominated for one Grammy, popped in pink trimmed with red, her hair up in a beehive. It was a long tuxedo-style dress with a high side slit. Why did she carry a white rose?
"For me, Time's Up means time's up on being silent about it," she said. "I think it also means understanding when we've been taken advantage of and when we've been abused."
Joy Villa, ever provocative on the red carpet, made a statement last year in a pro-President Donald Trump dress. This year, she wore a white gown with a rainbow uterus with fetus on one side and carried a "Choose Life" handbag. Oh, and a huge crown topped her head.
___
Associated Press writer John Carucci contributed to this report.
___
For full coverage of awards season, visit: https://apnews.com/tag/AwardsSeason
5 habits that will kill your entrepreneurial dream
Vanguard
You have dreamt about it. You can feel it and you are already making money from the enterprise you established. All in dreams. Reality dawns on you and you wish it your dream will become reality instantly. But that is not how it works. You have to work …
and more »
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Latest on President Donald Trump and special counsel Robert Mueller's investigation (all times local):
2:25 p.m.
The White House is continuing to deny that President Donald Trump is looking to oust special counsel Robert Mueller.
Spokesman Hogan Gidley tells reporters aboard Air Force One that, "there are no conversations or discussions about removing" Mueller.
And he says Trump's recent tweets criticizing Mueller's team are part of his "well-established frustration for more than a year this has been going on."
Trump this weekend lashed out at Mueller on Twitter for the first time by name. Some congressional Republicans feared that was a signal Trump might be considering firing Mueller. On Monday Trump called the probe "a total WITCH HUNT with massive conflicts of interest!"
Gidley says Trump "believes this is the biggest witch hunt in history."
Trump cannot directly fire Mueller. Any dismissal would have to be carried out by deputy attorney general Rod Rosenstein.
__
1:24 a.m.
The White House says President Donald Trump isn't thinking or talking about firing special counsel Robert Mueller.
That's the word from White House lawyer Ty Cobb in a statement late Sunday after a series of Trump tweets revived chatter that the frustrated president may be preparing to have Mueller fired.
Mueller is investigating whether Trump's actions, including last year's ouster of FBI Director James Comey, amount to obstruction of justice.
Trump believes the probe is biased against him, a point he made clear in weekend tweets that jabbed Mueller directly.
Cobb says: "In response to media speculation and related questions being posed to the Administration, the White House yet again confirms that the President is not considering or discussing the firing of the Special Counsel, Robert Mueller."
(AP Photo/Vincent Yu). A man walks past an electronic board showing Hong Kong share index outside a local bank in Hong Kong, Thursday, May 31, 2018. Asian shares are gaining after U.S. stocks recovered most of their sharp losses from a day earlier than ...
(AP Photo/Vincent Yu). A man walks past an electronic board showing Hong Kong share index outside a local bank in Hong Kong, Thursday, May 31, 2018. Asian shares are gaining after U.S. stocks recovered most of their sharp losses from a day earlier than j...
(AP Photo/Vincent Yu). People walk past an electronic board showing Hong Kong share index outside a local bank in Hong Kong, Thursday, May 31, 2018. Asian shares are gaining after U.S. stocks recovered most of their sharp losses from a day earlier than j...
By ELAINE KURTENBACH
AP Business Writer
Asian shares rose Thursday after U.S. stocks recovered most of their sharp losses from a day earlier than jitters over Italy's political situation subsided.
KEEPING SCORE: Japan's Nikkei 225 index gained 0.8 percent to 22,201.82 and Hong Kong's Hang Seng index jumped 1.1 percent to 30,385.50. The Shanghai Composite index rebounded 1.8 percent to 3,095.47 and Australia's S&P ASX 200 climbed 0.5 percent to 6,011.90. South Korea's Kospi advanced 0.6 percent to 2,423.01. Shares rose in Taiwan and were mostly higher in Southeast Asia.
WALL STREET: Banks and energy companies surged Wednesday as investors reversed course on hopes that Italy will be able to avoid a new round of elections. Stocks had plunged the previous day as investors expected the Italian gridlock would be resolved with new elections that could have turned into a yes-or-no referendum deciding whether Italy would continue to use the euro. The S&P 500 index jumped 1.3 percent to 2,724.01 and the Dow Jones industrial average also climbed 1.3 percent to 24,667.78. The Nasdaq composite gained 0.9 percent to 7,462.45. The Russell 2000 index surged 1.5 percent, closing at a record high of 1,647.99. Italy's FTSE MIB stock index climbed 2.1 percent after a 2.7 percent drop a day earlier. Prices for Italian government bonds also rose, sending yields down following a huge surge the day before.
CHINA MANUFACTURING: Chinese factory activity grew at its fastest rate in eight months on stronger demand, a survey showed Thursday, in a positive sign for the world's No. 2 economy despite trade tensions with the U.S. The official purchasing managers' index, or PMI, rose to 51.9 in May from 51.4 the previous month. Readings above 50 indicate expansion, while lower numbers indicate contraction on the index's 100-point scale.
ANALYST'S VIEWPOINT: "Today's strong set of official PMIs tell a reassuring story about current growth momentum. However, we will have to wait for more reliable indicators to be published in order to get a clearer picture of the health of China's economy," Julian Evans-Pritchard of Capital Economics said in a commentary.
CHINA TRADE: China's government said Thursday it reserves the right to retaliate if Washington goes ahead with proposed investment controls Beijing said violate global trade rules. The Commerce Ministry's comment came as the two sides prepared for weekend talks in Beijing on American complaints about China's trade surplus and Beijing's promise to buy more American goods.
CURRENCIES: The euro rose to $1.1689 from $1.1664. The dollar fell to 108.66 yen from 108.89 yen.
ENERGY: U.S. crude oil slipped 25 cents to $67.96 per barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. It jumped 2.2 percent on Wednesday to $68.21 per barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, lost 43 cents to $77.29 per barrel. It added 2.8 percent to $77.50 a barrel in London. Oil prices fell 7.6 percent in five days following reports OPEC countries and Russia might start producing more oils soon.
___
AP Markets Writer Marley Jay contributed to this report. He can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP . His work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/marley%20jay
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Constituents move to recall Enugu Rep
By Dennis Agbo
ENUGU—PEOPLE of Nsukka/Igboeze South Federal Constituency have asked the Resident Electoral Commissioner in Enugu State to commence recall process on their House of Representatives member, Hon Pat Asadu.
The constituents accused Asadu of non performance, insult and threat to the constituents.
In a statement by a group in the constituency – Nsukka/Igboeze South Rescue Movement, led by Comrade Onyebuchi Igboke, the people said “the recent threat by the member to his constituents that nobody can stop him from returning to the national assembly come 2019 was an insult to the people.”
They said Asadu made the statement in response to their demands for verifiable bills and motions sponsored by him since 11 years of his representation and the number of constituency projects attracted by him these 11 years of his representation.
The group said “the constituents are strongly believing the alleged rumour of bribe by Hon. Dr.Patrick Oziokoja Asadu to purchase his 4th term bid and attributed this to be the reason for his boastful and grandstanding statement.”
When contacted, Asadu said the group was a faceless one unknown to him and would want to meet with them if they are real.
The post Constituents move to recall Enugu Rep appeared first on Vanguard News.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
× Expand Photo by Sarah Finnegan. Lake Cyrus holds about 1,000 homes and a walking system that includes sidewalks and walking trails throughout the neighborhood.
Lake Cyrus started with a vision — specifically, the vision of developer Charles Givianpour.
Givianpour and his wife, Concetta, purchased the property from Vulcan Materials in the late 1990s and worked with the site to take the rock quarry and turn it into the community it is today. “It was one of those opportunities to … transform what would have otherwise been a stripped-out rock quarry into a lush residential community,” Concetta Givianpour said.
Although Charles Givianpour recently died, Concetta Givianpour said he always strived to make his ideas for the community a reality, something she is continuing to do now as the developer and president of the neighborhood's homeowners' association.
“It was developed in kind of odd way,” Concetta Givianpour said. “The community was actually developed from the inside out because … further into the community is where the school site was.”
The school site, which sits within Lake Cyrus, was a way for Charles Givianpour to give back to the city of Hoover and became the home of Bumpus Middle School and later Brock's Gap Intermediate School.
“Our first sectors of Lake Cyrus are those houses that are right around the school,” Concetta Givianpour said.
Since the neighborhood's annexation into Hoover in the late 1990s, Concetta Givianpour said Lake Cyrus has won a number of awards from the Greater Birmingham Association of Home Builders as well as a Community of the Year title.
The community holds about 1,000 homes, which include estate homes, single-family homes and garden homes, and a walking system that includes sidewalks and walking trails throughout the neighborhood, she said. Lake Cyrus also has a clubhouse, pool and tennis courts.
“There is a club amenity that has been a private swim and tennis club but has opened its doors to the neighborhood,” Concetta Givianpour said, adding they recently hosted a farmers market.
Today, Lake Cyrus houses a tight-knit group of homeowners and is only a couple hundred homes away from being built out, Concetta Givianpour said.
“I think it has a very bright future,” she said. “And what that future is … is a wait and see.”
BERLIN (AP) — Germany's unemployment rate climbed to 5.8 percent in January due to seasonal factors, but the underlying trend of the labor market in Europe's biggest economy remained positive.
The Federal Labor Agency said Wednesday the unadjusted jobless rate climbed from 5.3 percent in December, with the number of unemployed rising by 185,000 to 2.57 million. However, that figure was 207,000 lower than a year earlier.
It's typical for the unadjusted rate, the headline figure in Germany, to rise in January but labor agency chief Detlef Scheele said the increase was smaller than usual.
In seasonally adjusted terms, the jobless rate ticked down to 5.4 percent from 5.5 percent, with 25,000 fewer people out of work than the previous month — slightly better than economists' forecasts of a 17,000 drop.
Wayne Lawson, the man claiming Ascension Parish President Kenny Matassa and Gonzales businessman Olin Berthelot offered a cash bribe and a parish job to him last year in exchange for him agreeing to drop out of the Gonzales City Council District E race, was required to submit his tax returns Monday but failed to do so.
Lawson did not appear in court for a scheduled motions hearing in the case.
Matassa's attorney, Lewis Unglesby, asked for a bench warrant for Lawson. The Office of the Louisiana Attorney General asked for a 48-hour extension to get in contact with Lawson or for Lawson to produce his tax returns by then.
Unglesby asked the AG's office and Judge Jason Verdigets specifically what Matassa gave or offered to give.
"What was the thing of value?" Steven Moore, Olin Berthelot's attorney, asked.
Verdigets also gave Unglesby and Moore one week to file their opposition statements.
The next court date is set for October 10.
The AG's office said the judge will rule on a motion for a bill of particulars then.
RELATED STORIES: Ascension Parish president indicted on bribery charges
Copyright 2017 WAFB. All rights reserved.
Jess Phillips claimed sexism from the Left is the worst - Copyright (c) 2013 Rex Features. No use without permission.
A Labour MP has claimed that left-wing sexists are the worst of them all and that men on the left are the "absolute worst".
Jess Phillips, the MP for Birmingham Yardley, accused left-wing men of benign neglect in the fight for sexual equality.
She told the Edinburgh International Book Festival the "well-meaning, left-leaning" men were worse than what someone else said are the “out and out sexists of the right”.
She said: "They [the left-wing men] are the worst, the actual worst”. Men said they supported better female representation but, when it came to losing their own jobs, they would say, ‘Oh, you mean me? But I am so clever. I've got so much to offer the world'. They are literally the worst."
If you're in Edinburgh and fancy coming to chat I'll be @edbookfest here's my event https://t.co/CamwdXGAMT — Jess Phillips (@jessphillips) August 12, 2017
Ms Phillips told a tale of how a left-wing journalist at the Guardian had told her Harriet Harman was not good for women and that Jeremy Corbyn had “always voted the right way”.
Although it was thought she was referring to Seamus Milne, the Labour Party director of communications, both parties denied this.
The Labour MP said sarcastically: "So yeah, Jeremy Corbyn better for women than Harriet Harman, obviously,
"I remember him in all those meetings, there with his banners for [equality]".
She also said that while left-wing men think they want equality for women, "they don't think of you on the same level”.
“When they close their eyes at night and think of amazing people who have changed the world, it's always some white dude that pops into their head,” she continued.
Ms Phillips also added that women are completely missing from Labour Party industrial strategy because it was all about "men with shovels".
She said she is abused on Twitter a lot by "dunder-heided Neanderthals", and revealed that after her friend Jo Cox MP was murdered she reported all the death threats she received to West Midlands police, and it was "quite a lot".
Schneiderlin targets improvement
Sport24
Cape Town – Everton midfielder Morgan Schneiderlin has sent out a warning to Premier League rivals that he will be better than ever next season. The France international joined the Toffees in January for £24m after falling down the pecking order at …
Happy Schneiderlin aiming for further improvement at Everton Channel NewsAsia
all 4 news articles »
Submit on Tuesday, June 13th, 2017 22:58
With the Sentinel-2B satellite close to beginning its working life in orbit, this latest Copernicus satellite has linked up to Alphasat by laser, across almost 36,000 km of space, to deliver images of Earth just moments after they were captured.
Related Post:NanoSpace becomes part of GomSpaceSSC to sell all shares in NanoSpace AB to GomSpaceVector Space Systems acquires Garvey Spacecraft CorporationRussian space programme to be fully funded in 2010, but…Russian space consolidation expected later this yearThe Boeing Company (Network & Space Systems) results Q3 2013SSC to acquire Universal Space NetworkITT Exelis acquires signal processing system developerSovrn
APRIL 24
Burglary report: 8:34 a.m. 23300 block of Ridge Route Drive
Citizen assist: 7:51 a.m. 22800 block of Caminito Oro
Suspicious person in a vehicle: 1:02 a.m. La Paz Road and I-5
APRIL 23
Assist outside agency: 9:28 p.m. 0 block of Raven Hill Lane
Petty theft: 8:12 p.m. 24800 block of Alicia Parkway
ID theft: 7:01 p.m. 25600 block of Raintree Road
Drunken driving: 3:54 p.m. 23000 block of Avenida de la Carlota
Suspicious person/circumstances: 3:11 p.m. Beckenham St and Wilkes Place
Hit and run misdemeanor: 2:34 p.m. 24100 block of Laguna Hills Mall
Patrol check: 1:32 p.m. Wilkes Place and Woolwich Street
ID theft: 12:42 p.m. 25300 block of Barents
Petty theft report: 12:19 p.m. Paseo de Valencia and Alicia Parkway
APRIL 22
Drunken driving: 11:16 p.m. 24700 block of Alicia Parkway
Suspicious person/circumstances: 9:54 p.m. 24800 block of Buckboard Lane
Assist outside agency: 9:44 p.m. 25200 block of Stockport Street
Citizen assist: 9:07 p.m. 25400 block of Nellie Gail Road
Burglary in progress: 8:51 p.m. 0 block of Jasmine Creek Lane
Fraud report: 2:55 p.m. 24000 block of El Toro Road
Municipal code violations: 2:54 p.m. 25900 block of Poker Flats Place
APRIL 21
Disturbance – music or party: 10:57 p.m. Acaso and Las Palmas
Citizen assist: 10:49 p.m. 24000 block of Avenida de la Carlota
Suspicious person in a vehicle: 9:24 p.m. Hillary Lane and Barents
Patrol check: 8:09 p.m. Santa Vittoria Drive and Ridge Route Drive
Suspicious person/circumstances: 3 p.m. Aliso Hills Drive and La Serra
Unknown trouble: 12:38 p.m. 24200 block of Calle de los Caballeros
Burglary report: 4:47 a.m. 25000 block of Salford Street
Drunken driving: 3:37 a.m. Avenida de la Carlota and Los Alisos Boulevard
Disturbance – music or party: 12:56 a.m. 23500 block of Venisia
APRIL 20
Pedestrian check: 11:19 p.m. 24200 block of Calle de los Caballeros
Petty theft report: 8:34 p.m. 25500 block of Paseo de Valencia
Assist outside agency: 7:15 p.m. 24900 block of Wells Fargo Drive
Unknown trouble: 7:09 p.m. 26900 block of Magnolia Court
Suspicious person in a vehicle: 5:14 p.m. Moulton Parkway and Lake Forest Drive
Citizen assist: 4:26 p.m. 25400 block of Paseso de Valencia
Suspicious person/circumstances: 11:15 a.m. Beckenham St and Wilkes Place
Drunken driving: 9:39 a.m. Oso Parkway and Moulton Parkway
APRIL 19
Citizen assist: 7:38 p.m. 25000 block of Acacia Lane
Suspicious person/circumstances: 6:38 p.m. 24000 block of El Toro Road
Assist outside agency: 6:26 p.m. Bridlewood Drive and Oso Parkway
Drunken driving: 6:23 p.m. Moulton Parkway and Ridge Route Drive
Petty theft report: 2:12 p.m. 24000 block of El Toro Road
Vandalism report: 9:17 a.m. 24800 block of Alicia Parkway
Burglary report: 8:57 a.m. 25700 block of Via Lomas
Stolen vehicle: 8:43 a.m. 25300 block of Cabot Road
Suspicious person in a vehicle: 12:22 a.m. Linda Flora St and El Segundo Street
APRIL 18
Pedestrian check: 11:36 p.m. 24200 block of Calle de los Caballeros
ID theft: 7:26 p.m. 23300 block of Moulton Parkway
Assist outside agency: 4:49 p.m. 26400 block of Broken Bit Lane
Fraud report: 4:38 p.m. 24000 block of El Toro Road
Petty theft: 3:06 p.m. 23500 block of Calle de la Louisa
Burglary report: 10:51 a.m. 0 block of Oxbow Creek Lane
Suspicious person/circumstances: 8:37 a.m. 24200 block of Calle de los Caballeros
Police log compiled by Magda Liszewska
VIDEO: Camkpe Baba – Ayomosi
CMM Entertainment flagship artist, Camkpe Baba, comes through with the visual to his latest single ‘Ayomosi'.
The buzzing song was produced by perennial hitmaker, Young John, and the video was directed by Daniel Samari. Camkpe Baba who is based in Europe shows his Afropop sensibilities in this visual.
‘Ayomosi' serves as a follow-up to his earlier single ‘Amina'.
The post VIDEO: Camkpe Baba – Ayomosi appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
BOSTON (CBSNewYork) — Among the runners in Boston on Monday, was the first woman to officially take part in the marathon, five decades ago.
At the time the Boston Marathon didn't have a separate women's category.
These days, women march for gender equality. In 1967, Katherine Switzer ran. She didn't set out to shatter stereotypes, or change the culture of sports forever, but that's exactly what she did.
As CBS2's Don Dahler reported, in 1967, Switzer became the first woman to officially cross the finish line of the Boston Marathon.
“They are using this as a women's rights photo. You know, she attempted to run the race, and he tried to stop her, and she finished anyway,” she said.
She didn't intend to stand up for women's rights that day, she just wanted to run.
“I didn't plan to do anything other can cover 26 miles, 385 yards,” she said.
Nothing in the rule book prohibited women from running the Boston Marathon. Few believed they had the physical stamina to do it.
“People were very, very leery at any arduous activity for women because they thought that it would turn her into a man,” she said.
Switzer registered using just her initials. She wore baggy clothes as protection from the snow. It wasn't until the race began that officials noticed a woman running among the men.
“And all of a sudden I heard a scraping sound, and I turned and suddenly looked into the face of the angriest guy I had ever seen. This guy was out of control. He was snarling at me,' she said.
It turns out the out of control guy was one of the race organizers — Jock Semple.
“And he grabbed me and he screamed, ‘get the hell out of my race.' I was just terrified. He said, ‘give me those numbers, give me those numbers.' He went after the one on my back, and as he went for that my burly boyfriend who was running along the side — 235-lbs, ex-All-American football player, took out the official just like that and sent him flying, and my coach said, ‘run like hell,” she recalled.
The moment galvanized Switzer and set her on a new course as an advocate for women's athletics.
“I was so terrified and embarrassed and humiliated, but then I said, ‘no, I've got to finish this race, because if I don't nobody is gonna believe women should be taken seriously,” she said.
Monday, at 70, she ran for her foundation ‘261 Fearless' the organization named after her now famous bib number from the '67 marathons. It aims to empower young women through running.
“It's a transformational experience and a way to take control of their only lives and their own destiny,” she said.
As Switzer embraced her destiny for her 50th anniversary race, she focused on starting healthy and finishing strong.
“If I get near the finish line, and I look over there and I see somebody who's got gray hair, and is maybe in my age group, I am just going to kick a little butt,” she said.
Switzer and the race official who nearly tossed her off the course became close friends over the years.
She told CBS2 that he changed her life, gave her a career, focus, health, and practically introduced her to her husband,.
Another woman, Bobbi Gibb finished ahead of Switzer in the 1967 marathon, but she was not officially registered for the race.
TORONTO — Baseball Commissioner Rob Manfred is encouraged by pace-of-play changes that have limited mound visits and reduced the time between innings at major league games this season.
Speaking in Toronto on Tuesday before the Blue Jays hosted the Boston Red Sox, Manfred said the new rules have sped up games without any disruption. Mound visits without pitching changes averaged 3.79 per game through Sunday, down from 7.41 for the 2017 season.
"Whenever you change a rule in baseball, people predict all sorts of dire outcomes, and we have avoided even the smallest of incidents related either to the mound visit rule or the shorter inning breaks," Manfred said Tuesday. "Secondly, I'm positive about them because they've been effective. We are way down in terms of mound visits, I think down about 50 per cent, and our inning breaks are significantly shorter. I take both of those as positives in an ongoing effort to make sure that we're producing an entertainment product with as little dead time as possible."
Manfred is a proponent of the pitch clocks currently in use in the minor leagues, but said he was "not in a position where I'm going to say for certain whether or not we're going to have pitch clocks at the big league level." The players' association refused to agree to pitch clocks, and Manfred backed off of his threat to unilaterally implement them this year.
The commissioner also spoke about the number of games postponed by poor weather so far. Tuesday's game in Baltimore between the Rays and Orioles was the 27th to be postponed this season, the most related to weather through April since the commissioner's office started keeping those records in 1986.
"This has really been a unique April for us," Manfred said. "We've set a record for the number of games that have been cancelled and, probably more troublingly, we've played a lot of games in really tough weather. I think we have 12 cities that have been more than 10 degrees below their average temperature for the month of April."
Still, Manfred said the solution isn't as simple as scheduling early-season games in domes and warm-weather cities.
"No teams are going to want to start the season on the road for a couple of weeks," Manfred said. "In fact, the Basic Agreement prohibits a trip that long. Equally important, the domed and warm-weather markets don't want that many games early in the year. Whether you have a dome or it's warm weather, until school gets out they are tougher dates. We will do everything possible to try to schedule in a way that minimizes weather damage. It's in our interest to do that. But there are real limitations in the schedule."
Manfred's schedule in Toronto included a meeting with Blue Jays president Mark Shapiro and separate sessions with representatives of team owner Rogers Communications Inc., including chairman Edward Rogers.
Renovations to Rogers Centre, Toronto's home since June 1989, were among the items on Manfred's agenda.
"How do you reconcile public safety and the First Amendment?" That's the question Charlottesville, Va., Mayor Mike Signer asked in an interview on Sunday.
And it's a question city and state governments are likely grappling with after the weekend's violence in Charlottesville.
Around the country, white nationalists and other groups have protested efforts to remove statues and other symbols of the Confederacy. As counter-demonstrators arrive to protest the white nationalists, the resulting scenes are often tense and brimming with the potential for violence.
State and local officials prepared for Saturday's protests in Charlottesville, which were known about for months. But in the wake of fierce brawling in the streets of the usually quiet college town, and then a driver plowing his car into a crowd of pedestrians, killing one and injuring 19, many are asking what Charlottesville authorities could have done differently—and what could be done to prevent such violence in the future.
City Permitting and Free Speech
Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe told NPR's Morning Edition that local authorities had done what they could to head off the fighting that erupted, but that they were foiled by a federal judge's decision to allow the Unite The Right rally to go on in Charlottesville's Emancipation Park.
Charlottesville tried to revoke the permit it had issued for the rally to be held in Emancipation Park, in order to move the protestors about a mile away to McIntire Park, which offered more open space.
"That was the place it should have been. We were unfortunately sued by the ACLU and the judge ruled against us," McAuliffe said. "That rally should not have been in the middle of downtown ... where [people] dispersed all over the city streets, and it became a powder keg. We've got to look at these permits, and we've got to look at where we put these rallies and protesters."
The ACLU responded that the injunction was the city's fault because it mounted a weak legal case.
"The Governor's anger about what happened is understandable," ACLU Virginia Executive Director Claire Guthrie Hastings said in a statement to NPR. "We are angry, too. The situation that occurred was preventable, and our lawsuit challenging the City to act constitutionally did not cause it. ... All we did was ask the City to live up to the requirements of the Constitution. That it failed to do so is on the City, not us."
Charlottesville Police Tactics Scrutinized
Also under scrutiny was the action – or inaction – of the Charlottesville police.
McAuliffe told Morning Edition that the police did "a magnificent job," and said the potential for violence had been high.
"They had to be very careful," the governor said. "We had been planning for this for a while. We had to show tremendous restraint because ... these people all came armed. I've never seen so many weapons. These people were wearing better gear than my own state police were wearing. They had body armor, helmets. I mean people were walking around with semi-automatic rifles through the streets."
"[If] one person fired one shot, it would have been a melee, and I would be talking to you today with a lot of body bags. None of that happened."
"Think of this," McAuliffe said. "Not one window was shattered, not one ounce of property damage, not one shot fired, and not one person went to the hospital, except for the 19 who were hit by a car terrorist. Which, you can't, you know – there's no preparation's that's gonna prepare for some nut, some murderer, who's going to turn his car into a weapon and run through a crowd."
But both protesters and counter-protesters criticized the police response.
"There was no police presence," Brittany Caine-Conley, a minister in training who locked arms with other clergy members in counter-protest, told The New York Times. "We were watching people punch each other; people were bleeding all the while police were inside of barricades at the park, watching. It was essentially just brawling on the street and community members trying to protect each other."
Princeton professor and activist Cornel West, who was also at the protest, told The Washington Post "the police didn't do anything in terms of protecting the people of the community, the clergy."
To Unite The Right rally's organizer, Jason Kessler, was also critical. "Charlottesville refused to honor permit as ordered by a federal judge. CPD didn't even show up until 1.5 hrs into the permit," he tweeted. "Inside the park was peaceful. Outbreaks of violence occurred where police refused to separate or even pushed the feuding groups together."
White nationalist Richard Spencer, another organizer, said the police had failed to protect the people who had gathered for the rally. "We came here as a demonstration of our movement," Spencer told the Post. "And we were effectively thrown to the wolves."
The ACLU's Hastings also criticized the policing on Saturday, which she said "was not designed to be ... effective in preventing violence."
"I was there and brought concerns directly to the Secretary of Public Safety and the head of the State Police," said Hastings. "They did not respond. In fact, law enforcement was standing passively by, waiting for violence to take place, so that they would have grounds to declare an emergency, declare an 'unlawful assembly' and clear the area."
Charles Ramsey, who formerly headed the police in Philadelphia and Washington, D.C., told the Post that demonstrators and counter-demonstrators "need to be in sight and sound of each other, but somebody has to be in between .... That's usually the police."
"The whole point is to have overwhelming force so that people don't get the idea they can do these kinds of things and get away with it," he said.
An NPR request for comment from the Charlottesville Police Department was not returned.
Lt. Joseph Hatter, a commander with the Charlottesville police, told the Post that officers tried to create separate areas. "It didn't work, did it?" he admitted. "I think there was a plan to have them separated. They didn't want to be separated."
He told the newspaper that he doesn't know that police waited to react to the violence. "I think we did the best we could under the circumstances."
Public Assembly and Public Space
Questions about how governments manage protests are likely to continue, and to be argued in court.
On Friday, a federal judge granted a temporary injunction, ruling that the city could not revoke the permit it had issued to Kessler to hold the demonstration in Emancipation Park.
In his opinion, Judge Glen Conrad said Kessler was likely to prevail on his claim that Charlottesville's decision to revoke his permit was content-based.
"Kessler's assertion in this regard is supported by the fact that the City solely revoked his permit, but left in place the permits issued to counter-protestors," Conrad wrote. "The disparity in treatment between the two groups with opposing views suggests that the defendants' decision to revoke Kessler's permit was based on the content of his speech rather than other neutral factors that would be equally applicable to Kessler and those protesting against him. This conclusion is bolstered by other evidence, including communications on social media indicating that members of City Council oppose Kessler's political viewpoint."
The judge wrote further that though the city maintained its decision to revoke Kessler's permit was due to the number of people likely to attend his demonstration, "their concerns in this regard are purely speculative." He added, "there is no evidence to support the notion that many thousands of individuals are likely to attend the demonstration."
Following the events in Charlottesville, those worried about potential violence have fresh evidence.
Public protests can become especially complicated when people are carrying guns and dressed in full camouflage, as some did this weekend in Charlottesville.
McAuliffe argues officials need help from the courts if governments are to maintain public safety while allowing people to exercise their First Amendment rights.
"We've got to get a better understanding with these judges to understand our job is to keep our community safe," he said. "The judiciary needs to do a better job of working with us."
And the ACLU's Hastings says that whatever strategies authorities use, they need to be lawful and in keeping with the Constitution: "It is my firm hope and desire that the Governor and other local officials will learn from this past weekend how constitutionally to prevent events like the horror we saw in Charlottesville."
After seven months, the NCAA's Commission on College Basketball has completed its work and is ready to issue a report Wednesday on how to fix the sport.
Here's what happens next:
— Former Sec. of State Condoleezza Rice will present the commission's report to university presidents of the NCAA Board of Governors and Division I Board of Directors on Wednesday morning at NCAA headquarters in Indianapolis.
— The boards will convene after the presentation to consider adoption of all, parts or none of the commission's recommendations. Adoption is a small step toward implementation.
— If adopted, the boards will then direct the Division I Council, a group mostly composed of athletic directors, to craft legislation to implement the proposals.
— NCAA President Mark Emmert has said the council has already begun creating subcommittees to work on legislation in particular areas the commission is expected to address, such as the NBA's so-called one-and-done rule, enforcement of rules and the relationship between players and agents.
— Legislation is expected to be presented back to the board by August so reform can be implemented before the next basketball season begins.
___
For more AP college basketball coverage: http://collegebasketball.ap.org and http://twitter.com/AP_Top25
TAIPEI (Taiwan News)—Taipei Mayor Ko Wen-je (柯文哲) reaffirmed his commitment to “make cash and coin disappear” from business transactions in Taipei City during the inauguration ceremony for smart payment services at the Taipei Fish Market on December 11.
At the fish market , which is the first fish market in the nation to accept smart payment methods, transactions by sales agents may be processed through bank GIRO transfers in the future. The arrangement also allows for services such as providing flexible credit limits by financial institutions for sales agents.
The market sees visits by over 1,700 sales agents to secure supplies of fishery products, according to Ko. With annual transactions reaching 25,700 metric tons and roughly NT$3 billion changing hands, transactions often involve large amounts of cash and checks brought by sales agents for payment during wee hours. On the other hand, it takes staff members two to three days to complete the bookkeeping. Therefore, the introduction of smart payments will not only speed up the transactions but also enhance the security of future transactions.
The employment of e-commerce tools allows for faster and safer transactions, while big data analysis allows observers to acquire a better understanding on the trends of the industry, Ko said.
He thanked Bank Sinopac and Taipei Fish Market for working with the city government on the project and upgrading related software, adding that he hopes to push the measure to other wholesale markets such as the Taipei Flower Market and the Fruit and Vegetable Wholesale Market in the future.
It was a chilly start to Monday morning, although the Baton Rouge Metro Airport did stay above freezing. Some high cirrus clouds, the product of aircraft contrails, gave a little "touch of lace" look to otherwise blue skies with the sunshine taking many WAFB neighborhoods into the upper 60s to near 70° for the afternoon.
Skies will stay mainly clear through the evening, overnight, and into Tuesday morning. We will start Tuesday off with a morning low in the low 40s for the Red Stick. However, a dry front will give us another reinforcing shot of cooler, continental air from the north, and that will keep highs on Tuesday lower than what we saw on Monday, around 60° to the lower 60s for most WAFB neighborhoods for Tuesday afternoon.
Tuesday's surge of cool air will allow temperatures to drop down into the low to mid 30s for Wednesday morning across the Capital City region under clear skies. Expect light freezes for communities north and east of Baton Rouge. Like Tuesday, Wednesday afternoon will be another mainly sunny one with highs again around 60° for metro Baton Rouge.
Expect mostly sunny skies on Thursday with a morning start around 40° for the Red Stick with an afternoon high in the mid 60s. We will get yet another surge of cool and dry continental air between Thursday and Friday. Although Friday's morning start will be around 40° or so for Baton Rouge, Friday afternoon's high will only make it into the mid 50s. We also add in a slight chance of rain during the first half of Friday with skies clearing for the afternoon.
That second surge of cool, continental air will lead to another morning start in the low to mid 30s for Saturday, with light freezes likely north and east of the Capital City. Expect a return to mostly sunny skies for Saturday afternoon with highs in the low 60s.
Our next rainmaker is currently scheduled to arrive on Sunday into Monday. At this stage, we are posting rain chances at 40 to 50 percent for the latter half of Sunday with showers lingering into the early hours on Monday.
Copyright 2017 WAFB. All rights reserved.
By TERRY SPENCER and CURT ANDERSON
Associated Press
FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. (AP) - In chilling cellphone videos released Wednesday, the suspect in a February massacre at a Florida high school announced his intention to become the next school shooter, aiming to kill at least 20 people and saying "you're all going to die."
The three videos released by prosecutors were found on the cellphone of suspect Nikolas Cruz after the Feb. 14 shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School that killed 17 people and injured 17 others.
Cruz, wearing a ball cap, introduces himself in the first video and says he is "going to be the next school shooter of 2018." He goes on to say that he wants to use an AR-15 to kill at least 20 people and specifies the high school in Parkland. The videos are undated, but on one he says, "Today is the day. Today it all begins. The day of my massacre shall begin."
"When you see me on the news, you'll all know who I am," he says in another and then laughs. "You're all going to die. ... Can't wait."
In a second video, Cruz briefly discusses logistics, including that he will take Uber to campus about 2:40. He then says he'll walk onto campus, go up some stairs, open his bag to take out his weapon and start firing. School surveillance video shows that was almost exactly what he did -the only difference being that he arrived at the school at 2:19 p.m.
In the third video, the camera apparently pointed at pavement, he talks about his loneliness, anger and hatred, and announces that the "day of my massacre shall begin."
"I live a lone life. I live in seclusion and solitude. I hate everyone and everything. But the power of my AR you will all know who I am. I had enough of being told what to do and when to do," he says. "I had enough of being told what to do and when to do. I had enough of being told that I'm an idiot and a dumbass. You're all stupid and brainwashed by the political and government programs."
He also referenced a former girlfriend, saying "I hope to see you in the afterlife."
Cruz is charged with 17 counts of murder and 17 counts of attempted murder in the attack. His lawyers have repeatedly said Cruz would plead guilty if guaranteed a sentence of life without parole, but prosecutors refuse to waive the death penalty. Cruz, 19, is a former Stoneman Douglas student.
The Broward State Attorney's Office released the video because under Florida law, with few exceptions, evidence becomes a public record when it is turned over to the defendant's attorneys as part of the pretrial discovery process. Cruz's attorneys say they did not request evidence such as video from inside the building where the massacre happened and autopsy reports so they would not become public and "further hurt and inflame the victims' families and the community."
"This is an awful case and today is more of that awfulness and further shows how severely broken a human being the defendant is," Broward County Public Defender Howard Finklestein, whose office is representing Cruz, said in a statement.
Cruz spent several years at a school for children with emotional disabilities before being allowed to transfer to Stoneman Douglas. He spent several months there before being kicked out. His late mother also called 911 on him almost 20 times over the years and he had a history of killing animals then posting images on the internet and taking body parts as souvenirs.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Lebanese President urges Arab nations to come together to “protect” Jerusalem.
Lebanese President Michel Aoun on Tuesday urged Arab nations to come together to “protect” the multi-faith character of Jerusalem, accusing Israel of trying to “Judaize Palestine”.
Aoun called on members of the Cairo-based Arab League to "unite our efforts to preserve the character of Jerusalem, which brings together both Christian and Muslim heritage".
"Is it possible to imagine Jerusalem without Al-Aqsa mosque, and without the Church of the Holy Sepulchre?" asked Aoun, who is visiting Egypt for the first time since his election in October.
On Monday Aoun, a Maronite Christian, met the leader of Egypt's Coptic Church, Pope Tawadros II, as well as Grand Imam Ahmed al-Tayeb of Al-Azhar, the highest institution of Sunni Islam in Egypt.
He also held talks with Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi.
Aoun was elected president after two years of a political vacuum in Lebanon, during which the parliament 33 times failed to elect a new head of state due to lack of a quorum.
His candidacy was supported by the Hezbollah terrorist organization, which is a powerful force in Lebanon's parliament.
Hezbollah is also a key member of Aoun's cabinet, which was approved in late December. The group has two ministers in the cabinet.
Aoun's comments about Israel's alleged “Judaization” of Jerusalem are similar to the accusations constantly made by Palestinian Authority (PA) officials.
In a meeting with Pope Francis in May of 2014, PA chairman Mahmoud Abbas insisted that Israel is "systematically acting to change [Jerusalem's] identity and character, and strangling the Palestinians, both Christians and Muslims, with the aim of pushing them out."
Meanwhile, despite the PA's claims of “Judaization”, particularly on the Temple Mount, it is in fact Jews who are being discriminated against.
The Jordanian Waqf keeps an iron fist on the Temple Mount and its activities; Jews face constant discrimination and violence for visiting the site, and there is a blanket ban on Jewish prayer there.
Muslims and Christians, however, have free reign to worship at and visit the Mount.
AFP contributed to this report.
Photo
MANILA — Nearly 50 people suspected of using and selling drugs were killed by officers in the past two months, the Philippine National Police said on Friday, contradicting earlier pronouncements that the government's war on drugs would become less deadly.
The figure was the first released since President Rodrigo Duterte reactivated the police in December as the country's lead agency in carrying out a no-holds-barred crackdown on illegal narcotics.
Between Dec. 5, 2017 — when the police took part in an operation named Double Barrels Reloaded — and Thursday, officers conducted 3,253 raids, leading to the arrests of an unnamed number of “high-value targets” and the deaths of 46 people, the police said in a statement.
Mr. Duterte temporarily placed the Philippine Drug Enforcement Agency in charge of the drug war last year after police officers were found to have killed three teenagers and then lied about how the boys died. News of their deaths prompted protests and a Senate investigation.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The exact number of people killed since Mr. Duterte's drug war took effect in 2017 is unknown. The government says fewer than 4,000 suspects have been killed, but Human Rights Watch last week estimated the figure at more than 12,000.
Pet Lovers Gala
Chris Disselhorst, Ann Lozynski with Lulu
Sidney Ferguson, Jan Proffitt, Jen Proffitt, Meghan Roddy, Brenda Lee
Philippe Martin, Marie Christine St. Pierre, Kathy and Jeff Beuttel
Lauren Meehan, Jim Marks with Hayden
Karma and Dick Bodman with Gamig
Dena and Dave Liston
Sharon and Dolph Von Arx
Brian and Mackenzie Herrick, Jenna and Jon Foerster
Tom Ewert, Lawrence Speh, Amy Ewert, Penelope Speh with Tucker and Casey
Andrea Gordon, Rufino Hernandez, Jessica James
What: 18Th Annual “Mardi Gras Masquerade” Pet Lovers Gala
Who: Supporters of the organization and their four-legged friends
Where: Naples Botanical Garden
The Event Was Sponsored By Naples Illustrated
Toronto's transit commission says the majority of its new streetcars have to be returned to their manufacturer for repairs.
The first 67 streetcars out of 89 produced for Toronto by Bombardier Transportation will be sent back for preventative repairs of "inferior frame welds," TTC spokesman Brad Ross said Wednesday.
The defect poses no safety risk "in any way," he added.
"(Bombardier) advised us last fall," Ross said. "We directed them to develop a program for repair that will permanently fix the cars while minimizing service impacts."
The streetcars will be returned three or four at a time, and will all be fixed by 2022, Ross said.
Bombardier will cover the cost of the repairs, which will take place at its Welding Centre of Excellence in La Pocatiere, Que., company spokesman Eric Prud'homme said.
"Welding issues are not uncommon in the industry, but, in this case, Bombardier has been proactive and responsible to ensure the cars meet the expected longevity, all in full transparency with TTC and their riders," Prud'homme said.
Some 25 to 30 employees will work daily on this maintenance program until it is completed, delaying some of the planned layoffs, he said.
"Until our preventive welding maintenance program is performed, we fully guarantee the strength of the existing welds."
The problem identified by Bombardier 18 months ago involves work completed in Mexico.
June's WWDC is not far away, so it's not too early to start talking about what Apple may have in store for the next version of macOS.
There are two recent articles that help get this kind of discussion going.
These two articles suggest that Apple is paving the way forward for a better technological positioning. We've seen this many times before. Apple tells developers about what they need to be cognizant of and provides warnings and deprecations. Then, at some time in the future, with the architectural pieces in place, a new foundation and capability springs forth. Will we see it coming? It's always delightful when it does.
64-bit apps
iOS has led the way. 32-bit apps will not launch in iOS 11. Now Apple is starting the process of getting developers over to all 64-bit apps for macOS and has said that 32-bit macOS apps will no longer launch in the version of macOS to be released in 2019.
Once iOS and macOS are using the same set of (more secure) 64-bit APIs, something very cool can start to happen. Developers can build one basic version of their app, and it will detect where it's running and behave accordingly. This will breathe new life into apps on both OSes because, today, when developers must make a choice, it often means neglecting one platform or the other.
Article of the Week
Aware of all this, Karen Haslam at Macworld UK has pulled together a nice article that covers the issues related to the next version of macOS 10.14.
What will it be called? Will the awkward numbering scheme (10.14) be brought into sync with iOS? What are the implications of Apple's secret project called ‘Marzipan'? Will there be a new iTunes that's common across both platforms? Which Macs will suppott macOS 10.14?
And here's my own final thought. Once developers can “write once” and deploy anywhere, what new latitude will Apple have in designing its hardware line? Will iPads and Macs blur into a continuous spectrum of devices, with some overarching new name, from simple iPad-like devices to monster workstations, all running the same apps, but depend on the human interface desired?
Clearly something amazing is brewing at Apple. We'll likely have a much clearer picture in June at Apple's WWDC developer conference. I can't wait.
Next Page: The News Debris For The Week of January 29th. Fighting in the OS trenches.
Trouble Within Davido's Gang As Brother And Hypeman, Special ED Fight It Out
Trouble seems to have reared it head once again within Nigerian singer, Davido's group coming months after the singer called his crew members out for stealing from him. More recently, it looks like the singer's brother, Adewale is involved in a bitter play with hypeman, Special ED. Both parties took to their social media pages…
The post Trouble Within Davido's Gang As Brother And Hypeman, Special ED Fight It Out appeared first on The Herald Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
On Sunday night, a woman died after she was hit by a self-driving car operated by Uber in Tempe, Ariz. The car was operating autonomously, though a safety driver was behind the wheel, according to a statement from the local police.
Uber is one of many companies now testing this kind of vehicle in Arizona, California and other parts of the country. Waymo, the self-driving car company owned by Google's parent company, Alphabet, has said it is also operating autonomous cars on the outskirts of Phoenix without a safety driver behind the wheel. On Monday, Uber said it was halting tests in Tempe, Pittsburgh, Toronto and San Francisco.
Here is a brief guide to the way these cars operate.
How do these cars know where they are?
When designing these vehicles, companies like Uber and Waymo begin by building a three-dimensional map of a place. They equip ordinary automobiles with lidar sensors — “light detection and ranging” devices that measure distances using pulses of light — and as company workers drive these cars on local roads, these expensive devices collect the information needed to build the map.
Once the map is complete, cars can use it to navigate the roads on their own. As they do, they continue to track their surroundings using lidar, and they compare what they see with what the map shows. In this way, the car gains a good idea of where it is in the world.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Lidar also alerts the cars to nearby objects, including other cars, pedestrians and bicyclists.
Photo
Is that the only important technology?
Lidar works pretty well, but it can't do everything. It provides information only about objects that are relatively close, which limits how fast cars can drive. Its measurements are not always sharp enough to distinguish one object from another. And when multiple autonomous vehicles drive the same road, their lidar signals can interfere with one another.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Latest on House Republicans' vote to release a classified memo on the Russia investigation (all times local):
10:15 a.m.
House Speaker Paul Ryan is defending a vote by Republicans on the House intelligence committee to release a classified memo on the Russia investigation.
The memo purports to show improper use of surveillance by the FBI and the Justice Department in the Russia probe.
Ryan told reporters Tuesday that "there may have been malfeasance at the FBI by certain individuals." He said there should be "transparency" on the issue.
The committee voted to release the four-page memo on Monday. It could become public in the next few days.
The memo has become a political flashpoint, with President Donald Trump and many Republicans pushing for its release and suggesting that some in the Justice Department and FBI have conspired against the president.
___
1:30 a.m.
Republicans on the House intelligence committee have voted to release a classified memo that purports to show improper use of surveillance by the FBI and the Justice Department in the Russia investigation.
The four-page memo Republicans voted to release Monday has become a political flashpoint, with President Donald Trump and many Republicans pushing for its release and suggesting that some in the Justice Department and FBI have conspired against the president.
The memo was written by Republicans on the committee, led by chairman Rep. Devin Nunes of California.
Republicans have said the memo reveals grave concerns about abuses of the government surveillance powers in the Russia investigation. Democrats have called it a selectively edited group of GOP talking points that attempt to distract from the committee's own investigation into Russian meddling.
By Captain Carlos Arguedas • Wing Man
Fishing inshore out of Los Sueños this year has been unbelievable good for mahi mahi very close to shore. Rooster fishing had some very good days with live bait seeing up to 15 or 20, all medium size, 10 to 20 lbs along the beach, as well as good catches of Travallys.
Amazing fishing for small cuberas up to 10 lbs and good size yellowtail snappers and mullett snappers that we catch in light tackle, making it very enjoyable for kids and families.
On the other hand, fishing the reef means we're still getting amazing size cuberas up to 45 lbs., as well as good size amberjacks.
Come and enjoy live baiting and have the chance to see the snapper show on the top, blasting on the baits.
Thanks a lot for being part of our readership base.
Captain Carlos Arguedas of the Wing Man and been fishing the area of Herradura Bay since 1990. fishing along the shore for roosters, bluefin trevally, etc. and the reefs near us for big Cubera, Goliath groupers, Amberjacks and Broom Tail groupers. Now based at Los Sueños Marina, the Wing Man boasts being the boat with the most trips inshore, making Carlos a specialist when it comes to keeping track of inshore bait and fish. Along the years he has found a knack to being very productive catching big fish, including goliaths and broomtails. Contact Carlos at hihook1@hotmail.com or visit www.wingmancr.com
Mikel Can't Wait For “Big” England Friendly; £35 To £75 Tickets Go On Sale
Mikel Obi is confident that the Super Eagles will be at their best for the pre-World Cup friendly match against England at Wembley Stadium on 2 June.
The Nigeria captain, who celebrated his 31st birthday on Sunday, admitted that the Super Eagles have little margin for error since the friendly is so close to the Russia 2018 World Cup.
“The match comes up only two weeks before our first match at the FIFA World Cup,” Mikel, who played in England with Chelsea for over 10 years, told thenff.com on Tuesday.
“It will be a big occasion and a big match for both teams as we both look forward to our respective first matches in Russia.
“England is a special place for me having spent so many years playing there, and it is one country I love to go to. We (Super Eagles) are already talking to each other and everyone is looking forward to the game.”
Nigeria face Croatia in their first group match at the 2018 World Cup at the Kaliningrad Stadium on Saturday, 16th June before games against Iceland (Volgograd, 22nd June) and Argentina (Saint Petersburg 26th June) in Group D.
England will play their first match against Tunisia (Volgograd, 18th June) before matches against Panama (Nizhny Novgorod 24th June) and Belgium (Kaliningrad, 28th June) in Group G.
Meanwhile, tickets for the England/Nigeria match are still on sale, with the lowest ticket going for the sum of £35. There are also tickets for £70, £55 pounds and £45. Concessions are available for students, persons under the age of 16 and senior citizens, with £10 off their preferred ticket.
Organizers told thenff.com on Tuesday that no tickets would be sold on match day at the Wembley Stadium, while urging Nigerian fans to buy the ‘Away Tickets' as Nigeria will benefit from sales of ‘Away Tickets'.
The post Mikel Can't Wait For “Big” England Friendly; £35 To £75 Tickets Go On Sale appeared first on Complete Sports Nigeria.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Complete Sports Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
(AP Photo/John Locher, File). FILE - In this Monday, Oct. 2, 2017 file photo, drapes billow out of broken windows at the Mandalay Bay resort and casino on the Las Vegas Strip, following a mass shooting at a music festival in Las Vegas. Police in Las Ve...
(AP Photo/John Locher, File). FILE - In this Oct. 1, 2017, file photo, police run toward the scene of a shooting near the Mandalay Bay resort and casino on the Las Vegas Strip in Las Vegas. Police in Las Vegas are promising to release dispatch logs and...
By KEN RITTER and MICHELLE L. PRICE
Associated Press
LAS VEGAS (AP) - Las Vegas police released video Wednesday from traffic surveillance cameras along the Las Vegas Strip showing emergency vehicles arriving as the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history unfolded.
A partial review of files made public under court order shows video of police cars streaming down Las Vegas Boulevard and an aircraft view of the Mandalay Bay resort and concert venue where the attack occurred.
The video includes footage from Oct. 1 when shots were being fired into the crowd after 10 p.m. Muzzle flashes of gunfire cannot be seen from the camera view about a block from the concert venue.
As emergency vehicles clog the street, shadows can be seen of people running across a pedestrian bridge and people on the sidewalk clutching each other as they emerge from darkness and pass the camera.
The video is in color but there is no sound.
Courts have ordered police to make public officers' body-camera video, dispatch logs, witness accounts and officer reports.
The material released Wednesday was the fourth batch of records made public under the court order. Previous material has not detailed a possible motive and instead recounts tales of horror and heroism by officers and witnesses.
Fifty-eight people died and hundreds were injured when gunfire rained from the high-rise Mandalay Bay into the outdoor concert crowd,
Courts ordered the release in response to a lawsuit by The Associated Press and other media organizations.
Clark County Sheriff Joe Lombardo has banned department employees from talking about the material. Officer Jacinto Rivera, a department spokesman, said there would be no comment Wednesday.
FBI spokeswoman Sandra Breault also declined to comment.
Police and the FBI have said they don't know a motive for the attack, and the investigation is ongoing.
The agencies say gunman Stephen Paddock acted alone, shooting from a 32nd-floor suite at the Mandalay Bay resort into the crowd of 22,000 country music fans. They say the attack had no link to international terrorism.
Authorities say Paddock, 64, a real estate investor and high-stakes gambler, had amassed an arsenal of nearly two dozen assault-style rifles and numerous high-capacity ammunition magazines in the hotel suite where he broke the windows and opened fire for about 10 minutes.
Lombardo has warned that releasing the records would "further traumatize a wounded community."
On May 2, the department made public several hours of video including footage from two officers' body cameras showing police blasting through the door of the room where authorities say Paddock killed himself before officers arrived. Paddock is seen dead on the floor.
Two weeks later, the department released 1,200 pages of police reports containing witness statements and officer accounts, including reports from at least two people who said a person they believed to be Paddock ranted in the days prior to the attack about the federal government and gun control.
The claims by those people and others could not be verified because the names of witnesses were blacked out.
The release last week of about 2,100 pages of police reports, witness statements and dispatch logs provided more details of the chaos and confusion at the Route 91 Harvest Festival concert. The records also chronicled how officers and hotel security responded.
Some reports described officers racing from casino to casino while debunking reports of multiple shooters and bomb threats. Other officers put themselves in harm's way to protect wounded and fleeing concert-goers.
____
Associated Press journalist Brian Skoloff in Phoenix contributed to this report.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Hip hop gospel musician Mudiwa walked away smiling as he bagged four accolades at the Zim Hip Hop awards held in Bulawayo on Saturday night. Female MC Kikky Bad A$$ got two.
Mudiwa won Best Hip Hop Hustle, Video of the year (for Slayin), Best Gospel artiste and Best Dressed on the night at Zimbabwe Music Academy.
So happy was Mudiwa after receiving his last award (Best Dressed) he slipped and fell when he was getting off stage, which drew laughter from Stunner who had eyed the award.
Kikky Bad A$$ made a name for herself with two accolades when she landed the coveted People's Choice Award and the Best Female Artiste.
Winners from the host city included Guluva Se7en who won the Best Verse Award for Ngena Kai1, Naboth Rizla for Best Tv programme for his series Hip Hop 263 and Club Connect's DJ Kead Wikead won the Best Hip Hop Club DJ. Chronicle Showbiz reporter, Bongani Ndlovu landed the Best Journalist award.
It was a night of disappointment, however, for rapper POY who was nominated five times but did not land even one award in his home town.
After the awards Mudiwa said all glory goes to God.
“I'm so happy, excited and it's the biggest win on the night and all glory to God and I'm grateful. I thought I was going to win Best Gospel and Video of the year, but I didn't think I'd win all these other awards,” said Mudiwa.
The awards were, however, marred by technical glitches all through the night with the sound system causing the late start of the show. However, it was a blessing in disguise as hosts Cal-Vin and ASAPH took the opportunity to hold a Cypher.
Rappers such as Orthodox Six, P2DaOH, Biko Maximus and Indigo Saint took up the challenge with both hands and had the crowd nodding their heads in approval of the lyrics they were spitting on stage.
The production of the show was poor and disorganised with everything in stops and starts.Nothing was seamless.
At times the mics would not have volume which negatively affected the performances with some that were supposed to electrify the stage being let down by the PA system.
There were two mics that had long cords shared between the MCs, those who are presenting awards and the performers which looked clumsy for a national award ceremony. A cordless mic would have helped.
Organisers should up their game next year and if they want pointers as to how an awards ceremony is produced and executed they should attend the Bulawayo Arts Awards that will be held in the middle of next year.
There was light at the end of the tunnel as in all this disorder there were top performances which came from a female hip hop artiste Natasha Muz whose energy on stage and the way she delivered her verses effortlessly more entertaining than everyone else.
She had the whole auditorium jumping and received a standing ovation after she left stage.
The red carpet had all the glitz and glamour with local celebs showing off their outfits where the likes of Stunner were ever present taking pictures with fans. Other hip hop artistes who were at the awards include Tehn Diamond, Take Fizzo, Jnr Brown, Mr Kata and T1Nda.
Here are the winners:
Best male – Stunner
Best female – Kikky Badass
Best newcomer – Tulk Munny
Best song – Tehn, No Stress
Best group – Few Kings
Best producer – Take Fizzo
Best online media – Keep It Real Fridays
Best radio DJ – Lady K and PD The Ghost for the Fixx on ZiFM Stereo
Best album – Noble Stylz, Better Than Your Album
Best promoter – Jackson Zimboy
Best Gospel – Mudiwa Hood
Best hustle – Mudiwa Hood
Best video – Mudiwa Hood -Slayin
Best underground – Indigo Saint
Best Diaspora – Hilzy
Best verse – Guluva Se7en, Ngena ka1
Best dance crew – Super Geeks
Best collaboration – Myke Pimp – get mine ft Jnr Brown and TRK
Best alternative – Simba Tagz
Best local family supporting Zim hip hop – Team Big Family
Best TV Media – Hip Hop 263 by Naboth Rizla
Best Journalist – Bongani Ndlovu
People's Choice – Kikky Badass. The Chronicle
Will Mincks caught these 5 feet long, around 200 pounds Goliath Grouper in Tampa Florida.
Will Mincks caught in a 14 foot skiff boat, with 4 guys already on it, not more than a mile out into the bay!
Child Labour: Varsity Don Advocates Social Security Program for the Vulnerable
By Bernard Tolani Dada, Uyo
The Chief Executive Officer, Africa Human Development Centre, (AHDC), Prof. Samuel Umoh, has stressed the need for strong national social security programs to protect vulnerable children in the society.
Prof Umoh told newsmen in Uyo that a strong and well conceived social security program would address issues of child labour and abuse which are common features in the Nigerian society.
The professor of Agricultural and Development Economics of the University of Uyo , commended the federal government for initiating some social security programs in the country but expressed doubt on its implementation.
He said, “The federal government has started the social program but unfortunately analysis shows that it might be difficult to implement. For example, the Home GrownSchool Feeding Programme in which a child is given a budget of N70 meal per child per day is inadequate especially in states like Akwa Ibom.
“This is too small, are we talking about buying groundnut alone or what we are talking about here. In other places that may be possible but in a place like Akwa Ibom it is not possible” Umoh said.
The professor who is a member of the Social Technical Committee on the development of a social security framework for Akwa Ibom said the policy is a good one but the operation is faulty.
According to him the APC-led federal government probably adopted the policy from somewhere without taking time to ensure that its workability in the country.
He commended the United Nations for consistently raising awareness on child labour and abuse and called on organizations saddled with the responsibility of children care to seek redress whenever children rights are abused.
“We need to re-strategize and reorder our priorities towards our children to ensure a better society” he said
The professor said the Civil Society organization need to do more and be more focused on the need to make the Nigeria child better.
The post Child Labour: Varsity Don Advocates Social Security Program for the Vulnerable appeared first on leadership.ng.
This post was syndicated from leadership.ng. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
NEW YORK (AP) — Pop star Madonna has lost her battle to prevent an auction of her personal items, including a love letter from her ex-boyfriend, the late rapper Tupac Shakur, a pair of worn panties and a hairbrush containing her hair.
Last year, a judge ordered Gotta Have It! Collectibles to pull the items from its impending rock 'n' roll-themed auction after the Material Girl sought an emergency court order.
In a decision revealed Monday, the judge dismissed the case on grounds the statute of limitations to recover the items had passed.
The auction house told The New York Times it had done due diligence on the items and was confident Madonna had no claim.
The company says the auction will be in July.
Starting bid for the Tupac letter is $100,000.
___
Information from: The New York Times, http://www.nytimes.com
Anti-open grazing law: Suspected Fulani herdsmen threaten Gov Ortom
AMIDST protest from Miyetti Allah Cattle Breeders Association of Nigeria, a socio-cultural organisation of Fulani herdsmen against the anti-open grazing law recently assented to by Governor Samuel Ortom of Benue State, suspected herdsmen have started threatening the life of the governor. The governor, who disclosed this while responding to a peaceful protest against Miyetti Allah […]
This post was syndicated from Nigerian Pilot: Nigerian Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
President Buhari meets APC Governors in Aso Rock
Abuja – President Muhammadu Buhari on Tuesday met behind closed door with governors elected on the platform of the ruling All Progressive Congress(APC) at the Presidential villa, Abuja.
Reliably information gathered indicated the meeting would discuss national issues including the forthcoming APC's national convention slated for May 14 in Abuja.
Already the leadership of the party has written the Independent National Electoral Commission to intimate it of plans to hold congresses and convention across the country.
President Buhari had at the last National Executive Council(NEC) meeting of the party declared his intentions to seek re-election in 2019.
Those attending the meeting included Vice-President Yemi Osinbajo, the Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Mr Boss Mustapha as well as the Chief of Staff to the President, Abba Kyari.
APC state governors in attendance were; Nasir El-Rufai of Kaduna state, Yahaya Bello of Kogi, Simon Lalung of Plateau, Jubrila Bindow of Adamawa and Abdulaziz Yari of Zamfara.
Others were Rochas Okorocha of Imo, Abdulahi Ganduje of Kano, Kashim Shettima of Borno, Abubakar Sani Bello of Niger, Tanko Almakura of Nassarawa, Abiola Ajimobi of Oyo, Ibikunle Amosun of Ogun, Godwin Obaseki of Edo and Abubakar Badaru of Jigawa.(NAN)
The post President Buhari meets APC Governors in Aso Rock appeared first on Vanguard News.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
× 1 of 4 Expand Photos by Erica Techo. Darren and Elizabeth Pruitt moved to Hoover with their two kids, 5-year-old Zachary and 3-year-old Penny. × 2 of 4 Expand Photo courtesy of the Hoover Historical Society. William's Store was one of Hoover's earliest businesses. × 3 of 4 Expand Photos by Sydney Cromwell. Bill Box's father, Joe Box, opened Green Valley Drug in 1961. × 4 of 4 Expand Photos by Sydney Cromwell. Donald Byron, owner of Bluff Park Hardware. Prev Next
In the summer of 1969, Alabama Department of Public Safety agents drove north on Interstate 65 to a dark and secluded lane leading off Old Montgomery Highway to a building near the Cahaba River.
Their destination was known as the Kid McCoy Place. It was a popular spot where visitors from Birmingham and other areas came to eat, drink and, to the Department of Public Safety's dismay, gamble.
On this particular Saturday night, the agents intended to shut down the speakeasy, but the raid failed. The agents arrived to find the Kid McCoy Place closed and as dark as the road leading to it. Someone, they suspected, had tipped off the operators.
Today, the site of the Kid McCoy Place is in the city of Hoover. But on that night in 1969, municipal limits of the 2-year-old town lay several miles to the north. Hoover was, at that time, nothing more than a small cluster of homes and a few early businesses.
To the north were the bright lights of Vestavia Hills, Homewood and Birmingham. But to the east, west and south to Pelham lay dark roads and forest — the kind of place patrons of the Kid McCoy Place appreciated.
Its days in the secluded darkness were numbered, however, just as were Hoover's days as an inconsequential dot of light in that darkness.
In only a half century — an exceedingly brief period for the life of a city — Hoover grew to become Alabama's sixth-largest municipality and a center of economic growth and strength — a place that today generates roughly $4 billion in retail sales a year, according to Mayor Frank Brocato.
The beginnings were inauspicious. However, the vision of a city on this undeveloped edge of south Jefferson and north Shelby counties burned bright in the mind of William Hoover Sr., who moved his insurance company, Employers Mutual of Alabama, to a site facing the recently four-laned U.S. 31 in 1958.
He donated land for a school and sold lots at a discount to encourage community growth. He had long dreamed of launching a new city, and he did not intend to be denied.
A motel came, a drugstore, then a few other stores to serve the growing number of families.
For early business owners, locating on the south side of Shades Mountain was as much a gamble as the Kid McCoy Place, which today is nothing more than a novel memory that was not wanted and not able to survive in the brightening lights of city expansion.
The bets by those early Hoover businesses paid off in bigger ways than anyone, except perhaps Hoover himself, could have imagined.
The graph of Hoover's commercial growth is one of sharp upward spikes separated by periods of steady upswings. Few, if any, dips show up on the timeline of commercial growth.
Hoover incorporated in 1967 on a few square blocks of land immediately east of U.S. 31, and early growth followed along that stretch of highway from the northern Lorna Road intersection southward to the Patton Chapel Road intersection.
A number of automobile dealers found that grouping their businesses along the highway to be advantageous, earning the nickname “Motor Mile” for one segment. In less than a decade, Hoover's section of U.S. 31 was crowded with businesses and even more crowded with vehicle traffic. Some described the highway as a parking lot.
I-65 ended at the U.S. 31 intersection, dumping a heavy load of tractor-trailer trucks and out-of-area travelers into the mix of local traffic.
Still, more and more businesses sought land to become a part of the growing city.
In the two decades following Hoover's incorporation, two events accelerated commercial growth and changed the face of Hoover's business community.
First, in 1980, Hoover annexed the sprawling Riverchase planned development that included a large commerce park on the east side of U.S. 31. That annexation forever changed Hoover from a bedroom community to a freestanding city with a mix of residential and commercial areas.
Second, in 1984, the completion of the I-65/I-459 interchange relieved traffic pressure from U.S. 31 and opened traffic corridors from all directions. The event was “probably the biggest economic event in city history,” Hoover planning consultant Bob House said.
The intersection of two interstate highways, plus a major federal highway (U.S. 31), was a commerce magnet.
Two years after the interchange completion, the Riverchase Galleria opened immediately west of the interchange, and businesses flocked to its shopping sphere.
Hoover was instantly a regional shopping destination and growing larger by the day as businesses spread outward from the 3.3 million-square-foot center. U.S. 31, Lorna Road and Alabama 150 all saw rapid retail growth.
Alabama 150 began as a two-lane route to Bessemer, but construction of the Hoover Metropolitan Stadium, development of Trace Crossings around the stadium and commercial development along the route pushed its widening to five lanes and quickened growth west of the Galleria.
In 1990, only four years after the Galleria's opening, Hoover began annexing residential and commercial property along U.S. 280, another major federal highway to the east of I-65 and intersected by I-459. It was an area growing at least as rapidly as Hoover, and the expanding business community along U.S. 280 provided Hoover another center of commerce.
As Hoover Chamber of Commerce Executive Director Bill Powell observed: “Give me two interstates and two major U.S. highways” and a city will almost certainly sprout from those transportation arteries.
“One thing about it, [Hoover's government leadership] sure didn't mess it up,” Powell said.
Indeed, Hoover's government leaders proved visionary and let it be known that “Hoover is open for business,” House said. They sought to encourage commercial growth and to sustain it.
House said an important reason for the sustained growth is that city leaders didn't “allow just anything to come in here.”
In the city's earliest days, U.S. 31 had an eclectic and cluttered appearance with a wide variety of signs and building styles. The annexation of Riverchase and its planned development style revealed a new way of looking at growth and development, which city leaders used as a guide for the city's future. City leaders, House said, demanded a certain “quality of development” related to landscaping, parking, tree conservation and other safety and amenity standards.
That demand, he added, continues to pay dividends.
Today, Hoover boasts more than a dozen commercial centers, including Chace Corporate Center along Data Drive, the Southlake area along Valleydale Road, Inverness on U.S. 280 and along Stadium Trace Parkway. Retail centers include Patton Creek, the Alabama 150 corridor, The Village at Lee Branch on U.S. 280, Inverness Corners and Plaza, Lorna Road, Bluff Park, Southlake and The Grove.
Some choice retail land remains to be developed, but much already is developed. Looking forward, one next step is to develop a strategic city plan.
Additionally, according to Mayor Brocato, the city is looking to diversify its economy by recruiting science, technology, engineering and mathematics businesses.
As it is, the last published city financial report listed 9,849 individual business licenses issued, representing the smallest mom-and-pop stores to the city's largest commercial concern. That number has increased every year since the Great Recession of 2008-09.
Information for this article by the Hoover Historical Society came from the society's book, “A History of Hoover, Alabama and Its People,” by Marilyn Davis Barefield; “The History of the Hoover Fire Department 1962-2012,” by Frank Brocato, now Hoover's mayor; the City of Hoover 2015 Comprehensive Annual Financial Report; and from interviews with Hoover Planning Consultant Bob House, Hoover Chamber of Commerce Executive Director Bill Powell and City of Hoover Public Information Officer Lori Salter-Schommer.
A Sunderland actor is taking his career on to the next stage.
Jordan Lee Carling launched his career as a professional actor and theatre-maker after receiving support from the North East Business and Innovation Centre's business start-up programme.
He has already made his first appearance as a supporting artist on the BBC's TV show Inspector George Gently and penned his own play ‘It's not the character's problem' based on his own experiences and the stigma around men showing emotion.
With Sunderland bidding to be named UK City of Culture 2021, Jordan believes Wearside is the ideal location to pursue his career.
“Whether it's script writing, acting or theatre production, the City of Culture bid is certainly bringing new opportunities for the creative industries and the culture quarter is coming alive.
“As well as work through the Arts Council, TV work and writing my own play, I have been fortunate to work with schools across the region to encourage creativity within children and to help them learn in a way that they are not use to.
“We get the children to write a script and then I act out their work. It's really rewarding to see how proud they are of their work coming to life.”
Jordan worked with BIC business adviser Margaret Cook who helped him develop his business plan and supported him through the government initiative New Enterprise Allowance.
“Margaret was very helpful and the free workshops increased my knowledge and confidence to take the business forward.”
The BIC's start-up programme is part funded through the England European Regional Development Fund (ERDF).
Margaret Cook said: “It was a pleasure to work with Jordan through his start-up journey.”
Netflix
Oh, Hello has a simple premise. It's a play about a play-within-play, starring two 30-something comedians who are pretending to be 70-year-old men. One of the characters is a writer who might have murdered three of his wives. Another is a struggling actor who is carrying on an affair with a raccoon. They both address the audience directly, a lot, often to comment on things that just happened. There are many tuna sandwiches and they get progressively bigger and more demonic as the show goes on. Someone poops his pants.
Hmm. Maybe the premise isn't that simple. We'll come back to it later. For now, let's just start with “it is very strange and very, very funny and you can watch it on Netflix now.” We can build from there.
The two characters in the show are played by comedians John Mulaney and Nick Kroll. You probably know Mulaney from his work as a stand-up or as a writer on SNL (he and Bill Hader created Stefon together), and Kroll is best known for his role on The League or for his Comedy Central series Kroll Show, which ran for three fabulously weird seasons and occasionally featured the two characters from Oh, Hello. They had a recurring sketch about a public access prank show called “Too Much Tuna.” It was surprisingly self-explanatory.
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
But even though these characters — Mulaney as writer George St. Geegland and Kroll as actor Gil Faizon — just kind of leapt into the public sphere a few years ago, the comedians have been perfecting them for over a decade. Here they are explaining the origin of the characters to The Hollywood Reporter:
“We saw these two guys buying individual copies of Never Have Your Dog Stuffed, Alan Alda's autobiography, at the Strand [bookstore] back in 2005,” says Kroll, 37, explaining the origins of would-be cosmopolitans George St. Geegland and Gil Faizon — the hosts and stars of Oh, Hello. “We followed them around for a bit and just fell in love. They typify a very specific kind of New York personality.” Adds Mulaney, 33, who dons a gray mop, oversize corduroys and Velcro sneakers for each show: “It's like guys from Hannah and Her Sisters who wore turtlenecks with blazers. You know, bachelors.”
Since that magical day in that bookstore, the two have taken the characters from small indie comedy shows to television to Broadway and, now, to Netflix. You can see how that history adds depth to the play. They're both so familiar with these characters that their interactions feel natural. George becomes more and more of a manipulative tyrant as the play goes on, while Gil basically reverts to being an infant, and even though it's all very silly, you find yourself playing along. Mulaney almost seems more comfortable as an angry old man than he does as himself, even if Kroll is probably the better “actor.” They look like they could do these characters forever.
Pensioners put lawmakers to task as Lagos Assembly amends Pension law
By Ebun Sessou
NOT long ago, Lagos State House of Assembly held a public hearing to amend some sections of the state pension law.
Titled “A Bill for a Law to Amend the Lagos State Pension Reform Law, 2007 and for Connected Purposes”, attracted among other retirees and prospective retirees.
Stakeholders at the public hearing were of the opinion that the proposed amendment of the pension scheme should be an opportunity for the lawmakers to remedy what they consider some lacuna in the existing pension law.
They sought for among others, extension of the retirement age of Specialists in health sector from 60 years to 65 years or 70 years.
Presenting the view of others, Mr Lekan Ogunbanwo, a former Permanent Secretary, Lagos State Television, LTV, advocated an extension of the retirement age of specialists in health sector from 60 years to 65 years or 70 years.
According to him, “Specialists in health sector still have much to contribute at 60, their retirement age needs be considered for a review as done in other climes from the stipulated 60years to 65years for those who are still active.”
Also speaking, Mrs Josephine Williams, a former Head of Service, urged the lawmakers to clarify academic staff in professorial cadre that would enjoy 100 per cent of their terminal benefits as pension for life.
Earlier in his welcome address, Mr. Dayo Famakinwa, the Chairman House Ad hoc Committee on Establishments, Training, Pension and Public Service, said the amendment would further enhance the state's pension scheme.
Similarly, Speaker, Lagos State House of Assembly, Mr. Mudashiru Obasa, said the proposed amendments pension scheme would affect only 22 sections of the 77-section Principal Law.
The Speaker who was represented by his deputy, Mr. Wasiu Eshinlokun-Sanni, said that pension scheme, though near perfect in the state, still needed some reforms to make it better.
According to him, “we will ensure that enough funds are included in the budget to ensure that we have enough funds to cater for pensioners.”
In her contributions, Mrs Funlola Odunlami, the Director General of the Lagos State Pension Commission, said that there were two set of pensioners in the state's pension scheme.
According to her, they were those who retired after the commencement of the contributory pension scheme as well as those who joined service after the commencement of the contributory pension scheme and those, who were in service before the commencement of the scheme.
The Majority Leader of the House, Mr. Sanai Agunbiade, explained that the amendment would put the reform in perspective and make the administration of pension law effective.
The amendment inserted a new section eight which states that “A certificate of clearance shall be issued by the employer within 60 days of the employee's retirement or dismissal from service”.
The amended in section 9 also states that “Where an employee who has contributed to the scheme is dismissed from public service, such an employee shall be entitled to his contributions and accrued interest.
The post Pensioners put lawmakers to task as Lagos Assembly amends Pension law appeared first on Vanguard News.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE Atlantic Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Tampa Bay 49 34 12 3 71 175 125 Boston 47 29 10 8 66 156 116 Toronto 51 28 18 5 61 162 146 Detroit 48 19 21 8 46 126 146 Montreal 49 20 23 6 46 129 156 Florida 47 19 22 6 44 132 158 Ottawa 47 15 23 9 39 124 166 Buffalo 49 14 26 9 37 114 163 Metropolitan Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Washington 49 29 15 5 63 150 138 Columbus 49 27 19 3 57 131 137 Pittsburgh 51 27 21 3 57 151 153 New Jersey 48 24 16 8 56 144 146 Philadelphia 49 24 17 8 56 141 141 N.Y. Rangers 50 25 20 5 55 153 151 N.Y. Islanders 50 25 20 5 55 172 180 Carolina 49 22 19 8 52 137 154 WESTERN CONFERENCE Central Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Winnipeg 50 29 13 8 66 164 136 Nashville 47 29 11 7 65 145 123 St. Louis 51 30 18 3 63 148 130 Dallas 50 28 18 4 60 155 134 Colorado 48 27 18 3 57 157 139 Minnesota 49 26 18 5 57 144 140 Chicago 49 23 19 7 53 146 136 Pacific Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Vegas 48 32 12 4 68 164 128 San Jose 48 26 15 7 59 143 133 Calgary 49 25 16 8 58 137 135 Los Angeles 49 26 18 5 57 139 121 Anaheim 50 24 17 9 57 141 141 Edmonton 49 22 24 3 47 135 157 Vancouver 49 19 24 6 44 127 159 Arizona 50 12 29 9 33 118 172
NOTE: Two points for a win, one point for overtime loss. Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs.
Monday's Games No games scheduled
Tuesday's Games
Minnesota at Columbus, 7 p.m.
San Jose at Pittsburgh, 7 p.m.
Florida at N.Y. Islanders, 7 p.m.
Anaheim at Boston, 7 p.m.
Ottawa at Carolina, 7 p.m.
New Jersey at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Montreal at St. Louis, 8 p.m.
Chicago at Nashville, 8 p.m.
Los Angeles at Dallas, 8:30 p.m.
Vegas at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Colorado at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
N.Y. Islanders at Toronto, 7:30 p.m.
San Jose at Detroit, 8 p.m.
Philadelphia at Washington, 8 p.m.
Thursday's Games
Toronto at N.Y. Rangers, 7 p.m.
Montreal at Carolina, 7 p.m.
St. Louis at Boston, 7 p.m.
Florida at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Anaheim at Ottawa, 7 p.m.
Philadelphia at New Jersey, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Los Angeles at Nashville, 8:30 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Dallas at Arizona, 9 p.m.
Colorado at Edmonton, 9 p.m.
Chicago at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Friday's Games
Washington at Pittsburgh, 7 p.m.
Detroit at Carolina, 7 p.m.
San Jose at Columbus, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
Sleaford Town's hopes of maintaining the momentum from their superb 5-1 win over Leicester Nirvana were foiled by the weather on Saturday.
A frozen pitch at Eslaforde Park saw their home match with Desborough called off.
The postponement was exacerbated by rare wins for fellow strugglers St Andrews - 4-2 at Wellingborough Town – and Northampton ON Chenecks – 2-0 at horme to Northampton Sileby Rangers – which dropped Town back to second-bottom of the United Counties League Premier.
On Saturday, Jamie Shaw's side travel to mid-table Yaxley who won 3-0 in the reverse fixture back in September. Kick-off is 3pm.
Wake Forest students have an obvious passion for service and community engagement, a vital part of the student experience.
In light of the annual Hit the Bricks on Thursday, Sept. 28, the Editorial Board of the Old Gold & Black would like to stress the importance of and impact that philanthropic events, such as this one, Wake N' Shake and Project Pumpkin, not only have on the foundations for which they are raising money, but also on the sense of community they build on campus.
Wake Forest's motto, Pro Humanitate, places a special responsibility on the Wake Forest community to serve and engage our with community. We want to reiterate the importance of service on this campus and the impact that Wake Forest has in Winston-Salem and the U.S.
It is the duty of Wake Forest students to use their time here as a commitment to follow out the motto of Pro Humanitate.
Wake Forest has a plethora of service and philanthropy events each year ranging philanthropic events hosted by Greek organizations to events that are unique to Wake Forest like Project Pumpkin and Wake ‘N' Shake — all of which have helped to form us as engaged Wake Forest students.
Within the last month, communities both domestic and abroad have felt incredible devastation as a result of natural disasters. Hurricanes Irma, Harvey and Maria as well as two major earthquakes in Mexico have caused unparalleled destruction for citizens in the areas' worst hit. As a community, Wake Forest has actively participated in campaigns to aid and help those in need. These are just some of the ventures the Wake Forest community take.
Many programs involving justice come from the Pro Humanitate Institute (PHI) which is led by executive director Marianne Magjuka, who serves as the Assistant Dean of Students. The PHI mission statement strives to transform the university motto to “an explicit mission connected to clear practices with meaningful social justice outcomes.”
DESK, Hit the Bricks, Project Pumpkin, Wake 'N' Shake, Campus Kitchen, BRANCHES Social Justice Retreat and Wake Alternative Break are some of the programs or organizations that PHI oversees. These social justice or philanthropic projects are all staples of the Wake Forest experience.
Avenues for engagement are all around, so there's a variety of opportunities for students to get involved with causes about which they're passionate. Because there are so many different opportunities for service, its necessary that many students get involved to make an impact. The collective effort in changing our community has and will continue to shape both our campus and Winston-Salem.
So we urge all students to remember their role on campus and the influence students have by getting involved by forming stronger community ties with their fellow Deacs and their fellow Winston-Salemnites.
Former U.S. Attorney Patrick Fitzgerald is the godfather of one of James Comey's kids. Additionally, Fitzgerald was the prosecutor of recently pardoned Lewis “Scooter” Libby. Fitzgerald was also the person who Lisa Page and Peter Strzok recommended in their text messages debating the possible need for a special counsel looking into the actions of Hillary Clinton.
In short, Fitzgerald is a sketchy lawyer, dependable confidant, personal friend and like-minded political fixer for any/all legal issues within the circle of the ‘small group' of co-conspirators; the crew who politicized and weaponized the DOJ and FBI to target their political opposition. According to recent reports, Fitzgerald has also been hired by James Comey in advance of possible criminal indictment(s).
WASHINGTON – Former FBI Director James Comey has reportedly hired his close friend and former U.S. Attorney Patrick Fitzgerald as one of his personal lawyers. Two Capitol Hill sources confirmed to Talking Points Memo that Comey had retained Fitzgerald, though it was not immediately clear in what capacity he made the hire. (more)
Led by Representative Ron DeSantis, previously congress sent a criminal referral letter (full pdf below) to Attorney General Jeff Sessions, FBI Director Christopher Wray and Federal Prosecutor John Huber.
The identified targets of the congressional referral included: •former FBI Director James Comey; •former Asst. FBI Director Andrew McCabe; •former Attorney General Loretta Lynch; •former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton; •current FBI Agent Peter Strzok; and •current DOJ Attorney Lisa Page (former Special Counsel to Andrew McCabe).
The identified reasoning for each of the referrals is outlined in the letter below. However, the biggest risk to James Comey is not simply contained within the letter, but also contained within the non-discussed fact that FBI chief-legal-counsel James Baker is a cooperating witness for IG Horowitz and Huber.
One of the lesser discussed aspects to the ongoing investigative overview is how a few key people, with direct and specific knowledge of the events that took place within the FBI and DOJ activity, remain inside the institutions as they are being investigated.
Those key DOJ and FBI officials have been removed from their position, yet remain inside with no identified or explained responsibility.
Peter Strzok (FBI), Lisa Page (DOJ/FBI), Bruce Ohr (DOJ) and James Baker (FBI) are still employed. Insofar as they are within the DOJ/FBI system it's more than highly likely they are being retained for their cooperation in exchange for some form of immunity.
Other identified co-conspirators left their positions as soon as the IG discoveries began hitting the headlines in December '17, and January '18.
Those who quit include, but not limited to: James Comey's chief-of-staff, James Rybicki (resigned); FBI Director of Communications Michael Kortan (resigned); DOJ-NSD Asst Attorney David Laufman (resigned). Each of those officials was named and outlined within the Page/Strzok text messages as a key participant, and quit as soon as the scope of the internal Inspection Division (INSD) investigative material was identified by media.
Prior to the IG/INSD release, other resignations were earlier: DOJ-NSD head Mary McCord (April '17) and DOJ-NSD head John Carlin (Oct 16).
Dana Boente, the current FBI chief legal counsel was inside Main Justice and specifically inside the DOJ-NSD apparatus the entire time the 2015, 2016 and 2017 political schemes were happening. Therefore Boente has the full scope of understanding and dirt on Sally Yates, John Carlin, Mary McCord et al. Boente's understanding obviously bolstered by DOJ-NSD Deputy Attorney Bruce Ohr, who, not coincidentally, is also removed from position but still remains employed.
Mr. Boente's understanding of the DOJ-NSD activity, and the sentiment of the “small group” toward him, is represented by the actions they all took to try and diminish Boente during the transitional phase between the Obama and Trump administrations.
However, regarding the congressional criminal referral of James Comey, the key element of risk is FBI Chief Legal Counsel James Baker. Baker was a central figure connecting the activity of both Comey and McCabe to the officials underneath that were carrying out the agenda.
To repeat, James Baker was removed from his responsibilities (replaced by Boente) but he remains employed in some function within the FBI. It's almost a guarantee Baker is only there because he's cooperating in exchange for a “deal” of some form.
Lastly, the issue of James Comey's memos is a trending item, but there's an angle being missed by most. James Comey and Andrew McCabe both leaked to the media.
The self-interested leaking by Andrew McCabe clearly outlined in the recent IG report, originates with contradictory statements from McCabe's appointed lawyer at the time, Lisa Page.
The self-interested leaking by James Comey about his “loyalty” conversation with President Trump will likely surface with statements from Comey's chief legal counsel, James Baker. There's a clear parallel, and James Baker is still inside the FBI (doing something).
Here's the previous referral:
Advertisements
LIBERAL DEMOCRAT leader Tim Farron moved quickly to frame the snap General Election as fresh Brexit referendum.
Lib Dem leader Tim Farron said: "This election is your chance to change the direction of our country.
“If you want to avoid a disastrous Hard Brexit. If you want to keep Britain in the Single Market. If you want a Britain that is open, tolerant and united, this is your chance.
"Only the Liberal Democrats can prevent a Conservative majority.”
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn said: "“I welcome the Prime Minister's decision to give the British people the chance to vote for a government that will put the interests of the majority first.
“Labour will be offering the country an effective alternative to a government that has failed to rebuild the economy, delivered falling living standards and damaging cuts to our schools and NHS.
“In the last couple of weeks, Labour has set out policies that offer a clear and credible choice for the country. We look forward to showing how Labour will stand up for the people of Britain.”
Caroline Lucas, co-leader of the Green Party, said: "Britain is at a crossroads – and today's announcement means that people are rightly given a say over the direction this country is going to take.
"Only the Green Party offers a bold, positive vision for a different kind of Britain. At this election we will stand for an economy that works for everyone, not just the privileged few; a Britain that's open to the world and the protection of our precious environment.
"We will stand up to the politics of hatred and division that is scarring our communities and give people across the country a chance to vote for a better Britain.”
UKIP leader Paul Nuttall: "We welcome the opportunity to take UKIP's positive message to the country.
"However, we believe that the Prime Minister's decision to call this election is a cynical decision driven more by the weakness of Corbyn's Labour Party rather than the good of the country. There is also the prospect of a slew of Tory held by-elections caused by the seeming systematic breach of electoral law at the last election, predominantly in places where UKIP were pressing the Conservatives hard.
"We are in the midst of Brexit negotiations so this election will provide a perfect opportunity for the 52% to vote for UKIP the only party wholeheartedly committed to a clean quick and efficient Brexit."
Ellie Szeryk has the early lead in the Investors Group Ontario women's amateur golf championship at Seguin Valley Golf Club in Parry Sound.
The Londoner opened Tuesday with a one-over 72 to sit two shots ahead of Victoria Zheng of Granite Golf Club.
Szeryk, a member of Team Canada's national development squad, recorded a birdie and two bogeys on the front nine and finished the back with a birdie and a bogey.
Szeryk's older sister Maddie won the event in 2015 at St. Thomas. Ellie won the Ontario junior girls title in Elmira last summer.
rpyette@postmedia.com
Twitter.com/RyanatLFPress
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
ST. PAUL, Minn. (AP) — Gov. Mark Dayton vetoed a bill Wednesday that he said would have unlawfully undermined Minnesota's ability to enforce its water quality standard for protecting wild rice.
Source: LacrosseTribune.com
News At Other State Sites:
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM (WiscReport.com) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency, department, entity, or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it's name. Established in 2002, we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence. Our Mission is to report the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook. A Morbizco Internet Media online publication. – WisconsinReport.com.
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com.
By SYLVIE CORBET and ANGELA CHARLTON
Associated Press
PARIS (AP) - Europe is bracing for the United States to slap restrictions Thursday on imported steel and aluminum, a move that could provoke retaliatory tariffs and inflame trade tensions.
Top European officials held last-ditch talks in Paris with American trade officials to try to avert U.S. tariffs on steel and aluminum. But they did not sound optimistic.
"Realistically, I do not think we can hope" to avoid either U.S. tariffs or quotas on steel and aluminum, said Cecilia Malmstrom, the European Union's trade commissioner.
The United States in March announced tariffs of 25 percent on steel and 10 percent on aluminum. But it granted an exemption to the EU and other U.S. allies; that reprieve expires Friday.
Even if the U.S. were to agree to waive the tariffs on imported steel and aluminum, Malmstrom said, "I expect them nonetheless to want to impose some sort of cap on EU exports."
European officials said they expect the United States to announce its final decision Thursday. U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross attended meetings at the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development in Paris on Wednesday, and U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer joins discussions in Paris on Thursday.
The U.S. plan has raised the threat of retaliation from Europe and fears of a global trade war - a prospect that is already weighing on investor confidence and could hinder the global economic upturn.
"Unilateral responses and threats over trade war will solve nothing of the serious imbalances in the world trade. Nothing," French President Emmanuel Macron said in an impassioned speech at the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development in Paris.
In a clear reference to U.S. President Donald Trump, Macron added: "These solutions might bring symbolic satisfaction in the short term ... One can think about making voters happy by saying: I have a victory, I'll change the rules, you'll see."
But he said that those "who waged bilateral trade wars ... saw an increase in prices and an increase in unemployment."
Tariffs on steel imports to the U.S. can help local producers of the metal by making foreign products more expensive. But they can also increase costs more broadly for U.S. manufacturers who cannot source all their steel locally and need to import the raw material. That hurts the companies and can lead to more expensive consumer prices, economists say.
Europe is expecting a decision from Trump during the day Thursday, French Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire said. He pledged that the European response would be "united and firm."
If the U.S. goes ahead with its tariffs, the EU has threatened to impose retaliatory tariffs on U.S. orange juice, peanut butter and other goods in return.
Besides the U.S. steel and aluminum tariffs, the Trump administration is also investigating possible limits on foreign cars in the name of U.S. national security.
After meeting with Ross, German Economy Minister Peter Altmaier told reporters that he doesn't expect a decision soon on foreign cars.
Ross criticized the EU for its tough negotiating position.
"There can be negotiations with or without tariffs in place. There are plenty of tariffs the EU has on us. It's not that we can't talk just because there are tariffs," he said. He noted that "China has not used that as an excuse not to negotiate."
But Germany's Altmaier insisted that the Europeans were being "constructive" and were ready to negotiate special trade arrangements, notably for liquefied natural gas and industrial goods, including cars.
Macron also proposed to start negotiations between the U.S., the EU, China and Japan to reshape the World Trade Organization to better regulate trade. Discussions could then be expanded to include other countries to agree on changes by the end of the year.
Ross expressed concern that the Geneva-based World Trade Organization and other organizations are too rigid and slow to adapt to changes in global business.
"We would operate within (multilateral) frameworks if we were convinced that people would move quickly," he said.
Ross and Lighthizer seem like the odd men out at this week's gathering at the OECD, an international economic agency that includes the U.S. as a prominent member.
The agency issued a report Wednesday saying "the threat of trade restrictions has begun to adversely affect confidence" and tariffs "would negatively influence investment and jobs."
The OECD also said persistent high oil prices could push up inflation and push down household incomes. After a first-quarter slowdown, the agency slightly revised down its forecast for world growth this year to 3.8 percent, with 3.9 percent expected next year.
___
Masha Macpherson and Oleg Cetinic in Paris and Paul Wiseman in Washington contributed to this report.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
My intention is not to mock the zany 1930s heavyweight contender but to celebrate him.
“King Levinsky was a gladiator of the first order until he ran into (really away from) a youngster known as the Brown Bomber…”
Since nobody at Union County College has gotten around to it for the last 50 years, I'll take it upon myself to revive what was a springtime tradition at the Cranford, New Jersey school in the 1960s and proclaim it “King Levinsky Day.”
Unlike the Union snooties, however, my intention is not to mock the zany 1930s heavyweight contender but to celebrate him.
The annual rite supposedly started at Union in the early ‘60s, but as late as 1966, reported the Cranford Citizen and Chronicle newspaper, “A committee from the Student Council is now seeking reasons why King Levinsky Day should be celebrated. They have yet to come up with an answer.” A year later they found it, designating their special holiday that April 4 as “a day for losers.” Explained Student Council President Arne Hook: “King Levinsky, for those who are not up on their important American holidays, was a gladiator of the first order until he ran into (really away from) a youngster known as the Brown Bomber, alias Joe Louis. Our hero (King Levinsky, that is) was knocked from his pedestal and was never heard from again.”
In conjunction with that year's King Levinsky Day, Union established a “Losers' Fund” to “provide up to $20 for a student who runs into some unusual and unforeseen financial problem.” Student Council President Hook, noted the Union bulletin, “said it is appropriate that the King Levinsky Day celebration benefit the Losers' Fund, since King Levinsky was, indeed, a loser.”
The centerpiece of King Levinsky Day at Union every year was an appearance by Jean Shepherd, “noted radio personality, philosopher, wit, egoist, intellectual and humorist,” whose most enduring work is the holiday movie classic “The Christmas Story,” an amalgam of several Shepherd stories about his boyhood. He narrated the film, too.
I don't know what it cost to have Shepherd, then the popular host of a New York City radio show, headline King Levinsky Day, but they probably could've gotten Levinsky himself at half the price. The onetime fourth-ranked heavyweight contender was in Miami Beach then, selling neckties out of a suitcase and telling customers it was Joe Louis who got him started in that trade. “What's your name?” he'd ask them. “Mine's King Levinsky. I fought Joe Louis. That's why I'm selling ties now.”
Levinsky was joking about the August 7, 1935 fight that defined him in the eyes of the Union students, as well as most boxing fans and ring historians, when he beseeched the referee to stop it after sampling Louis's firepower in the first round at Chicago's Comiskey Park. (“I'll bet you don't remember when I fought Joe Louis,” he'd also say to people. “Well, neither do I.” Or he'd say he went on a “sit-down strike” that night at the ballpark.)
Contrary to Arne Hook's pronouncement, Levinsky didn't disappear from sight after the Louis debacle. He boxed for a few more years, then wrestled, then became an itinerant peddler, showing up at sporting events to hawk cigarette lighters, then electric shavers and finally neckties. The reported $400,000 he'd earned in 116 professional fights (74-35-7) was kaput.
It's purely a guess, but I wouldn't be surprised if Union's adoption of Levinsky as their poster boy for “losers” instead of a more obvious candidate (say, perennial Republican presidential candidate Harold Stassen) was the result of an hour-long documentary called “Boxing's Last Round” that aired on the NBC network in 1964. “Anyone who saw (it) couldn't help but feel disgusted with the sport,” wrote Los Angeles Times columnist Sid Ziff. “The use of King Levinsky to show what can happen to someone in the ring was particularly unnerving. Levinsky, with his thick tongue, stumbling shuffle, pathetic answers and amiable mumbling, was an obvious choice to create an image of the punchy ex-fighter.”
Back in 1943 a writer named Jack Cuddy said the same thing about Levinsky to former lightweight champion Benny Leonard, who set him straight:
“He's not punchy. He always acted that way. He's got more brains now than he had when he was fighting because he's older and more matured. He's been making a living selling neckties for about a year now. He tried wrestling after he quit fighting. And when he quit wrestling, the only thing he could do was sell ties, or go into one of the rackets. He took the ties. And you've got to respect him for his choice.”
In 1945, Broadway columnist Earl Wilson asked Levinsky if he was sorry he'd been a fighter. “No, I got myself a name, now I can make a living,” answered the King. “Lots of fighters go blind. The old King's a super-salesman… I made $400,000 and wound up broke. My managers cut up all my dough. If I got a buck now, it's mine.”
“Levinsky is doing all right,” reported former co-manager Harold Steinman a few years later. “People think he's broke; that he is on the simple side. Actually he's smart as a whip and in the chips. When he quit boxing … the King went into the necktie business. He peddled ties at fight shows, training camps and in other spots where the sporting crowds gathered. He had no set price, but would collect what the traffic could bear. Anything from $2.50 up. You know, the mob liked to buy ties from Levinsky. The purchasers felt important, wearing neckpieces sold by a former fighter. Each necktie carried a little label which explained King Levinsky had the ties made especially for his customers. The tourists went for those labels in a big way. The King bought the ties and labels in gross lots. Today Levinsky manufactures his own neckties, owns a custom-made automobile, spends the winters in Miami and has money in the bank. He continues to sell on a personal basis. No branch offices, no employed salesmen for the King. And people used to think Levinsky was daffy as a jaybird.”
In the mid-‘70s Levinsky and his wife Helen spent summers with her family in Newburyport, Massachusetts. Chris Sullivan, now a vice president of the Institution for Savings in Newburyport, was a 16-year-old boxing fan in 1975, working as a busboy at the local Sportsman Lodge when Levinsky came in one day. Chris ended up spending that summer chauffeuring the King and his suitcase full of ties to and from a restaurant in nearby Salisbury.
“He had kind of a slurred voice and was hard to understand,” he recalls. “But he was a great guy. He had a heart of gold. A gentleman.”
In his high school graduation photo, Chris wore a King Levinsky tie. “I was just in awe of him,” he says. Sullivan was at the King's sparsely attended funeral in Newburyport in 1991.
Too bad the organizers of King Levinsky Day at Union Community College weren't smart enough to invite the man himself to their shindig for “losers.” Levinsky would've put them in their place with the line he used when anybody looked down their nose at him and his suitcase full of ties:
“I'm punchy—what's your excuse?”
The King didn't get past the fourth grade. On March 30, 1932, the Sandusky, Ohio Register reported: “Homeless lodgers in Garfield house, an abandoned Chicago schoolhouse, have painted a white circle around the seat where King Levinsky, heavyweight fighter, sat when he attended school there.”
Anybody at Union County College remember where Arne Hook sat?
Years after the eurozone debt crisis, Mr. Gross apparently didn't anticipate the return of political and financial turmoil. But the possibility that a populist government in Italy could try to pull out of the common currency raised questions about the safety of the country's government bonds and sent global bond markets on a roller coaster.
But it isn't just the European uncertainty that is ravaging Mr. Gross's fund, which invests in derivatives and other complex financial instruments as well as traditional corporate and government bonds. He has long been known for his bets that markets would remain mostly calm, and his portfolio has also taken a hit from recent volatility, which was ignited in February by the expectation that the Federal Reserve might raise interest rates faster and further than anticipated.
It has been a steep fall for Mr. Gross, who was once the undisputed king of bonds. He popularized the concept of bond funds for the everyday investor, a shift from the days when retail investors dabbled only in stocks. He helped found Pacific Investment Management Company, or Pimco, and his main fund, Pimco Total Return, managed $292 billion. It was the largest fund of its kind in the world.
In 2014, though, he was forced to leave Pimco amid allegations that he was an abusive boss and was mismanaging the huge business. That led to a yearslong legal brawl. The two sides settled in 2017. The terms weren't disclosed, although both sides said any proceeds would be donated to charity.
Approaching his 70s and with a net worth of more than $2 billion, Mr. Gross might well have opted for retirement then. Instead he chose revenge.
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
Not long before the New York Times reported on accusations of sexual misconduct levied against Louis C.K. by at least five women, which the comedian later confirmed, fellow comic and former collaborator Tig Notaro had already spoken around some of the stories in previous interviews. Once the news finally broke in early November, however, the One Mississippi star began opening up in subsequent interviews about what she knew, and why she didn't speak out against C.K. directly at the time. Notaro discussed this and other matters — including her “relief” — during Monday's appearance on The View.
“It's a huge relief,” she began when co-host Joy Behar brought up C.K., “to have him removed.” As for why she didn't come forward sooner regarding the allegations against the One Mississippi executive producer, Notaro said they weren't her stories to tell:
“I found this out, right after we sold the show, that this was happening. I started publicly trying to distance myself from him for almost two years now. When this all came out, even though I knew first-hand from people, it wasn't my place to call out names. It's somebody else's story. It's for them to directly speak about.”
Co-host Meghan McCain then asked Notaro whether or not the second season episode “Can't Fight This Feeling,” which features a female character being forced to watch her male boss masturbate, was a “specific message” for C.K. Notaro said it was not intended to be, but her explanation of the episode's origins remained just a damning, considering the post-Harvey Weinstein climate:
“Our entire writer's room is all female, and every person in the room has had an experience with assault, abuse or harassment in some way. Every single one. There's six [writers] and a female writer's assistant. Every story on One Mississippi is based in truth, and it's not necessarily my truth, but it's somebody truth. Something somebody experienced, or knew of the experience happening, and we wanted to recreate that.”
“It's not somebody interested in somebody,” Notaro concluded. “It's power, it's abuse and it's disgusting.” As for McCain's question regarding singling out C.K., Notaro said, “We wanted to send the message to everybody.”
In Lagos, Sheriff gets nod for LG poll
Guardian (blog)
… • LASIEC recognises Adewale's group as LP denies alliance with Salvador AHEAD of the July 22 local governments election, the Lagos State Independent Electoral Commission (LASIEC) has disclosed that it would recognize Senator Ali Modu Sheriff's …
and more »
Bob Tymczyszyn
Standard Staff
It's the kind of news you never want to hear.
Not for yourself, or family or friends.
But it was the news that newly engaged couple Nicole Brodeur and Nick Snieder received just a day after he proposed.
Nick's mother Catherine Snieder, diagnosed with lung cancer this past year, learned her condition had taken a turn for the worse.
The couple decided to donate proceeds from their wedding stag and doe instead to a charity of Catherine's choice.
“In honour of my mom we're going to donate to the Walker Family Cancer Centre, which is where she has been receiving her treatments,” said Nick.
Catherine was diagnosed with small cell carcinoma in March 2016. Her son said her treatments were going well.
“They had done a bunch of imaging, and everything looked promising, everything was getting smaller, and we thought she might not be cured, but we were going to have a significant amount of time at least,” he said.
“We got engaged Nov. 6, 2016,” said Nicole. “(Catherine) had an appointment the day after, just the way the timing fell, so on the 7th we got the news.
“When we received news that cancer took a turn, we decided to bump our wedding up as soon as possible, so we're getting married Feb. 18th.”
With the wedding originally planned for the fall, Nicole and Nick put everything on the fast track so that, as Nicole put it, Catherine could be there front and centre for it.
“We weren't even going to have a stag and doe, but decided to have one and raise money for a cause,” Nicole said.
“We told everyone up front that all the profits were being donated to a cancer-related charity of my mom's choice,” said Nick.
“Turnout was incredible, people I never expected to show up,” said Nicole.
Port Dalhousie Lions Club was at capacity.
While Catherine did not attend, but the family was buoyed by her 30 or so fellow Costco employees who came out.
“I feel lately that I've lived in a bubble,” said Catherine. “I've tried to stay healthy with colds and flu around I didn't even go to the stag and doe. You just want to be safe.”
The couple raised just more than $10,000, all going to the Walker Family Cancer Centre as per Catherine's wishes.
“They can use it for research or equipment, whatever they need,” said Catherine.
“My mother volunteered for over 50 years, and I always wanted to once I retired,” added the 59-year-old. “I volunteered for a couple of organizations while working full time, but because I'll miss my opportunity (at the hospital), this was wonderful to donate money.”
Ever optimistic, Catherine realizes doctors don't have a crystal ball.
“I have weeks to months,” she said, as the three of them held hands.
Still, there was no lapse in her smile.
“You two are wonderful,” she said glowingly.
“I just love Nicole, these two will have a long marriage together, they do nothing but laugh together, it's nice they really get along.”
“There isn't a clear message that we wanted to send out,” Nick said of the gesture he and Nicole put forth.
“We just wanted to raise for them (the Walker cancer centre) and, hopefully, spur other young couples to bring the community together, to spark generosity.”
Added Nicole: “Maybe it can help other families that are in this situation in the future.”
btymczyszyn@postmedia.com
Twitter: @bobtym
President Donald Trump asked National Security Adviser Michael Flynn to resign because of an “erosion of trust” and not because Flynn broke any laws, White House press secretary Sean Spicer said Tuesday.
Spicer told reporters that Trump was told several weeks ago that Flynn was not truthful in disclosing his pre-inauguration conversations with the Russian ambassador, actions which ultimately led to that "erosion of trust".
New York (AP) — Cotton No. 2 Futures on the IntercontinentalExchange (ICE) Wednesday:
(50,000 lbs.; cents per lb.)
As California lawmakers return to Sacramento on Wednesday, liberal dreams of expanding safety-net benefits and providing health coverage to immigrants are giving way to a new vision revolving around a feverish push to protect gains racked up in the past.
After years of pushing forward a progressive agenda, legislative Democrats will be pushing back against conservative policies from President-elect Donald Trump and the Republican Congress.
Instead of expanding Medi-Cal health coverage to adult immigrants who can't prove they're legally in the country, Democrats are now concentrating on how to retain health coverage for those who already have it. And anti-poverty groups are focused on preventing cuts to food stamp and welfare programs rather than trying to expand them as planned.
“There is so much uncertainty at the federal level, because they're talking about some really drastic policy choices that could have a really negative impact on California,” said Scott Graves, research director for the California Budget & Policy Center, a left-leaning research group.
Last year was a particularly effective one for California liberals. The Legislature extended the nation's most ambitious climate change programs, raised the minimum wage to $15 and toughened gun laws. Lawmakers boosted overtime for farmworkers, expanded welfare benefits and enacted a sweeping array of anti-tobacco measures.
This year had all the makings of continuing the trend. Democrats will arrive on Wednesday with supermajorities in both chambers — enough to advance their own agenda without GOP interference if they stand united.
Notably, though, Democrats took their first action as a supermajority not to advance a contentious public policy objective but to send a message to Trump.
Right after they took the oath of office last month, Democrats in the Assembly and Senate suspended legislative rules to immediately approve resolutions urging the incoming administration to keep a program allowing hundreds of thousands of young immigrants who are in the country illegally to stay.
While the California Legislature has broad authority to chart its own agenda, it relies significantly on federal dollars. According to the state Department of Finance, California gets $96 billion from the federal government, a figure almost as large as the state's $122 billion general fund.
Those federal funds cover a massive share of the budget for health care, food stamps, welfare and other safety-net programs.
Liberals are particularly worried that the budget prepared by U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wisconsin, will lead to severe cuts in those programs through block grants or other methods of shifting responsibility to states, while also giving them more flexibility.
“Block granting … is just not what's in the best interests of the recipients of those programs,” said Sen. Holly Mitchell, a Los Angeles Democrat who will lead the state budget committee next year. “We're dealing with hungry people, which we cannot ignore.”
Graves noted that before the election, he hoped the Legislature would take a serious look at boosting subsidized child care and Supplemental Security Income payments for seniors and people with disabilities. That seems less likely now.
Congressional Republicans also are eager to repeal President Barack Obama's health care overhaul, which provides $20 billion for the Medi-Cal program and private insurance subsidies. Preserving that coverage, much less expanding it to cover more people, would be extremely expensive.
The California Endowment has provided millions of dollars for an advocacy campaign called Health4All to expand Medi-Cal coverage for immigrants who can't prove they're legally in the United States. In December, it announced a new initiative: Fight4All. The $25 million effort reflects a shift in focus from creating new rights to defending existing ones.
“A whole host of areas where significant progress has been made in California in the last five or six years or so, we feel that work is now in jeopardy,” said Dr. Tony Iton, the endowment's senior vice president.
Still, conservatives in the state aren't optimistic that Trump's presidency will give them a reprieve from lawmakers' persistent push to the left.
California's Legislature is “sort of like its own nation-state,” said Tom Scott, California director of the National Federation of Independent Business, a small-business advocacy organization that often is at odds with legislative priorities including labor and environmental mandates.
“Quite frankly, whatever the Trump administration does, it will not stop Gov. Brown and the state Legislature from moving forward on their political agenda,” Scott said. “So I'm on one level expecting sort of business — or un-business — as usual, and I don't see that changing.”
Search
Iain Dale reviews the Sunday politics shows…
“Just watched Marr Show. Fantastic work from Emma Barnett. Showed no sign of nerves at all and did a brilliant job of questioning the politicians, in a way they may not have been expecting. It worked. A great contrast to the indulgent, Remainer wankfest on Peston On Sunday today.”
AUSTIN, Texas (AP) — Rory McIlroy had his first Arnold Palmer moment before the tournament even started.
He had just finished his pro-am round at Bay Hill and was about to walk out of the tunnel leading from the 18th green when a man asked him for a picture. McIlroy obliged, because he usually does. But this was different.
The man handed him a black bolero hat and told McIlroy it was from his squadron when he served in Vietnam. He didn't want a selfie with McIlroy. He wanted a picture of McIlroy wearing the hat that meant so much to him. The hat looked awkward on him with golfing attire, but McIlroy didn't mind.
It's all about giving the fans what they want.
Then the 28-year-old from Northern Ireland gave them something even better with what McIlroy described as a "perfect round of golf," certainly the closing stretch. He birdied five of the last six holes, capping it off with a 25-foot putt on the 18th hole to win the Arnold Palmer Invitational.
That ended his longest drought without a victory in eight years, and it cast him in a new light with the Masters approaching.
McIlroy had fallen to No. 13 in the world when he missed the cut the previous week at the Valspar Championship, his second missed cut in four PGA Tour events this year. He had not been that low in the ranking since April 25, 2010.
It's not that he was forgotten; rather, attention was shifting to so many others that it was easy to feel overlooked. All it took was one victory for the conversation to include his bid for a green jacket to complete the career Grand Slam.
"It's huge for my confidence going into the next few weeks," McIlroy said. "I kept saying I didn't need a win going into Augusta to feel like I had a chance. I just wanted to see signs of good golf. And thankfully, I've been able to get both."
Just don't get the idea his confidence was lagging.
McIlroy always says that when he's playing well, it's hard to remember ever playing poorly. And when he's playing poorly, it's hard to remember what it was like to play well. But he has a history of going through spurts of mediocrity, and coming out of it strong without notice. Most memorable was in 2012 when he missed the cut four times in five tournaments. Two months later, he won the PGA Championship and consecutive FedEx Cup playoff events.
Three times in his career, McIlroy has won in his next start after missing the cut. Five other times, he won after finishing out of the top 30.
That's why he wasn't the least bit concerned after missing the cut at the Valspar Championship.
"It's such a fine line out here, and I might have sounded crazy the last few weeks when I was telling everyone it actually feels pretty close and I'm not that far away, and I'm putting up 72s and 73s," he said. "And all of a sudden, it all clicks into place and I end up winning a golf tournament by three shots and shooting 8 under on the last day. So it's fine lines out here. I think you have to play the game to really appreciate that. It's not as black and white as some people make it out to be."
He could think of only one time he was genuinely worried about his game.
McIlroy was 19 and in his first full year as a pro in 2008. He had only two top 10s all year on the European Tour. He wasn't eligible for any of the majors. He had missed three straight cuts in Sweden, Holland and Scotland. He was concerned he might lose his card. And then he lost in a playoff in Switzerland, lost in another playoff in Hong Kong and won his first pro event early in the next year.
"And I was off and running," he said.
McIlroy reached No. 50 with that playoff loss in Hong Kong, and he hasn't fallen out since then. He's had a few dips, sure, "but it's not as if I've had to panic."
Palmer and McIlroy share one other connection, at least for now. They are one leg short of the Grand Slam. Palmer never won the PGA Championship. McIlroy needs the Masters. When they had dinner at Bay Hill in 2015 — right before McIlroy's first crack at the fourth leg of the slam — the topic never came up.
"It's amazing to think, all that Arnold did in the game, he never won that Grand Slam," McIlroy said.
McIlroy at the Masters, Phil Mickelson at the U.S. Open and Jordan Spieth at the PGA Championship each have a chance at the career slam this year.
"I'm glad to be part of that conversation, get the first shot at it in a few weeks," McIlroy said. "So we'll see how we go."
His game is never far away, even if it doesn't look like it at times.
The video of Dr. David Dao being dragged down the aisle of a United jet has been trolled by competing airlines, roundly mocked on late-night television and slammed by consumer rights advocates and PR professionals alike.
Now, after being widely criticized for his initial response to the incident, United's CEO is acknowledging that the viral video represents a "watershed moment" for the airline.
"It is obvious from recent experiences that we need to do a much better job serving our customers," United CEO Oscar Munoz said in a statement on Monday. "The incident that took place aboard Flight 3411 has been a humbling experience, and I take full responsibility. This will prove to be a watershed moment for our company."
Dao, who was forcibly removed from his seat by airport police to make room for a crew member, suffered a concussion and broken nose and lost two front teeth, according to his attorney.
Initially, Munoz defended the airline's actions, labeling Dao "disruptive and belligerent" and claiming employees "followed established procedures" while attempting to "re-accommodate" the 69-year-old doctor.
The reaction was swift and severe.
In a follow-up interview with ABC News' Rebecca Jarvis, Munoz apologized to Dao and acknowledged that he was "ashamed" of the video.
"He was a paying passenger sitting on our seat in our aircraft and no one should be treated that way, period," Munoz told Jarvis. "This is not who we are."
"He apologized -- we accept that," Dao's attorney, Thomas Demetrio, told reporters. "But that's not going to let him off the hook here."
"Bullying customers has gone to the next step," he added. "Are we all going to be treated like cattle?"
Last Thursday, Demetrio indicated that he and his client would likely file a lawsuit against United and the city of Chicago.
In his latest statement, released alongside the airline's first-quarter earnings report, Munoz said the company is "more determined than ever to put our customers at the center of everything we do."
In the aftermath of the Dao incident, United indicated that it changed its policy to prevent crew members from displacing any customers who are already seated on a plane.
ABC News' Whitney Lloyd, Jeffrey Cook, and Taylor Dunn contributed to this report.
Five cops who allegedly gouged out Harare man's eye apply to be discharged
By Tarisai Machakaire
Five cops who allegedly gouged out a Harare man Washington Gezana's eye have applied to be discharged at the close of the State case, arguing the victim had failed to identify them as perpetrators of the offence.
Livingstone Zvimba, Tendai Masungambira, Sunday Nyaude, Khululekani Dale, Evans Mashonganyika — members of the Police Reaction Group (PRG) are answering to assault charges before Harare magistrate Farai Gwitima.
The group argued that they could not be convicted based on evidence adduced in court because no nexus had been established between them and the assault charges.
“The area of occurrence was dark and visibility resultantly poor as confirmed by all witnesses. The assailants were wearing helmets that covered their faces and so could not be positively identified at the scene,” read the application.
“There were 15 PRG details who came in two groups but were all under inspector White (Margii, the officer-in-charge of Craneborne Police Station) and they all left at once. No identification parade was held at least to determine the person in terms of height and accent.
“None of the witnesses actually witnessed the assault, including the complainants.
“Twelve PRG details had been arrested, including those who turned out to be witnesses and, in fact, the investigating officer had actually concluded that it was unsafe to prosecute as no one had witnessed the assault.”
Prosecutor Dora Moyo alleges that on March 23, Gezana lapsed into unconsciousness after his eye was detached from its socket following vicious battering by police who were using batons.
Zvimba and his accomplices reportedly sped off in a Defender van after the incident.
The officers denied the charges in court, claiming they were not at the scene as alleged.
Zvimba and his accomplices are currently out on $50 bail granted during their initial court appearance.
The complainants are Yvone Magora and Gezana, a couple from in Hatfield in Harare.
Margii has testified and said he deployed eight officers to assist with traffic congestion in town.
He said he visited the spot. Margii told the court that Zvimba's team jumped into his truck and they left town together. Daily News
A drone with a video camera which crashed in a forest on Mount Hevron revealed a European Union (EU) operation to spy on and gather intelligence on Jewish communities in Judea and Samaria.
The footage from the drone was retrieved after it crashed in view of residents of the town of Ma'on in Judea, Channel 2 reported. The footage shows the drone flying low over residents before crashing next to a car. The drone was then retrieved by the residents.
The residents took the drone to the Regavim Movement for Preservation of State Lands.examined the drone and were shocked to discover that it was sent by the EU, acting in conjunction with residents of Arab towns and villages to spy on Jewish towns in Judea and Samaria, some of which contain IDF bases and antennas. The drone contained many such videos, the final one being of its crash.
The Regavim organization blamed the government's failure to act against illegal construction of Arab housing by the EU for this brazen act of espionage against Jewish communities and IDF locations.
"What started as illegal construction continues and now is harmful to [our] security." said Oved Arad, the head of the land division of Regavim. "For years the European Union involved in illegal construction in Judea and Samaria. Now it turns out that EU officials, together with the Palestinians, are even documenting Israeli settlements and sensitive locations in Judea and Samaria. The Foreign Ministry must respond strongly and unequivocally against this activity, which crosses a red line and is very dangerous."
Was the Ford Drag Team of 1969-1970 the “most promoted Ford performance program ever?” Bob Perkins thinks so. He owns Hubert Platt's '69 match racer, a SportsRoof powered by a 427 Single Overhead Cam (SOHC or “Cammer”) big-block featuring a Boss 302–type side stripe and “Ford Drag Team” lettering on each fiberglass door, leaving little doubt as to who owned this team—Ford Motor Company.
Prior drag racing efforts had Ford sponsorship, but not such a direct link. As 1969 approached, however, muscle cars were such a major market force that Ford, already full speed ahead since the summer of 1962 with an overt racing program officially labeled “Total Performance,” stepped up a notch or two more. Through a company called Car Corporation in Livonia, Michigan, Ford instituted a huge program that encompassed not just six racecars for the strip—three comprising an East Coast Team, and three comprising a West Coast Team—but a performance parts program and a series of seminars held across the country at Ford dealerships.
Jon Brantmeier was the National Coordinator and Eastern Drag Team Coordinator of this program and was on the grounds at the 2017 Muscle Car Nationals to answer our questions about the Ford Drag Team. He mostly worked with the East Coast Team, which featured the colorful driver Hubert Platt. Brantmeier said, “We would bring two of the cars [to Ford dealerships], typically the Super Stock Mustang and Fairlane Cobra. Then, Hubert and Randy Payne would put on a seminar, including a film about Ford's racing efforts, muscle parts on display boards, and a question and answer session to get a chance to talk about what would make a Ford run fast.”
Ford also built colorful trucks and haulers to move the cars around the country. They handed out flyers and brochures and jackets. They even published a newsletter.
The program came crashing to a halt in 1971, as muscle cars declined for a range of various reasons, leaving 1969-1970 as a high-water mark for Ford in drag racing. Collectors are left with a rich heritage starting with the drag cars and the drivers, but also including memorabilia, a sea of which showed up for this display.
Bob Perkins said Hubert Platt was the “start of the entire Drag Team” program. Platt drove the 427 Cammer-powered match racer Mustang (which became Pro Stock in 1970) and the Super Stock Mustang (fitted with a 428 Cobra Jet), while Randy Payne drove the Fairlane Cobra, also a '69 model and powered by a 428 CJ. Hubert Platt, sadly, died on September 25, 2015, at the age of 83. He had been a huge part of the resurrection of the Drag Team cars and their display at shows.
Perkins said, “When I first got the Cammer car (which was the East Coast Team Mustang that Hubert drove in 1969-1970), Hubert said, ‘You probably ought to have all my jackets and coats and uniforms to go travel with the car. Your clear trailer with all the stuff inside will make a great backdrop for the car.'” Perkins was always grateful to Hubert and his son Allen Platt for such great cooperation in selling Bob memorabilia, which helps bring the 1969-1970 era alive in this display.
Allen is a major part of this puzzle due to his enthusiasm for the program in 1969-1970, when he was 6-7 years old. Allen set up his own booth as part of the Ford Drag Team display at Chicago this past November at the Muscle Car & Corvette Nationals. In fact, without Allen, there would have been far fewer memorabilia to sell to Bob. Allen told us, “When I was about 12 or 13, my mom and dad split up and when he left she was going to get rid of everything. My dad was a playboy. I hate to say it. It's not good for a marriage, and you know, that's the way it went, but I saved his stuff because it meant something to me, and thank God, we've got it all to enjoy now.”
Putting the Ford Drag Team back together has been 30-plus years in the making. Gary Schwartz has had the East Coast '69/'70 Super Stock Mustang since the mid-1980s. Perkins found the East Coast Cammer Mustang in 1981 or 1982 at Sam Yanen Ford in West Virginia on a trip to Carlisle. Dave Steine bought the two Ed Terry Mustangs four years ago from a collector. Perkins traded for the East Coast Ford Fairlane Cobra from Richard Ellis 3-4 years ago and then swapped this car to Steine for a Boss 429, allowing Dave to own the trio of West Coast Ford Drag Team cars.
The Randy Payne–driven Ford Fairlane Cobra Jet team car is lost or perhaps destroyed. But, the Ford Drag Team had in their display a replica of that car, lettered and looking just like the original. John Morris, Allen Platt's friend, owned one of the “Special Promotion” 1969 Mustang SportsRoofs made to resemble Ford's factory Drag Team cars. Morris brought this 428 Cobra Jet, blue with white stripes and “The Going Thing” logo to the display.
For the first time in almost 50 years, the five cars and one replica, owned by Andy Snetselaar of Ankeny, Iowa, came together inside the Donald E. Stephens Convention Center in Rosemont, Illinois (greater Chicago area). This display was two years in the making, starting with a conversation between Bob Perkins and MCACN's Bob Ashton, who thought putting the Ford Drag Team back together would be a grand idea.
Perkins had a sea of memorabilia that he had been collecting since the mid-1980s. The show was about to go on the road. Everybody was excited. Hubert Platt was gone, but his son Allen would be there with his booth to sell nine different shirt designs, including retro shirts like the ones his dad gave out at the track, plus DVDs of his dad racing in the glory days and other memorabilia. We were there to take pictures of the display and gather information. We even did a video that you can view on the Mustang360 website. Go to mustang-360.com/events/1712-the-incredible-1969-1970-ford-drag-team.
KANSAS CITY, Mo. (AP) — The Royals had hoped to retain some of the core players that helped them to back-to-back American League pennants and a World Series title after hitting free agency this offseason.
They accomplished it with at least one of them.
Kansas City signed Alcides Escobar to a $2.5 million deal for the upcoming season Monday, keeping their longtime shortstop on the roster after he joined first baseman Eric Hosmer, third baseman Mike Moustakas, outfielder Lorenzo Cain and pitcher Jason Vargas in hitting the open market.
Royals general manager Dayton Moore said last week, when the framework for a contract was in place, that he hoped Escobar could give the club more time for top prospect Raul Mondesi Jr. to mature.
"It's important to have a lot of depth up the middle, as you know, although we really appreciate and admire the talent of Raul," Moore said. "We'll see how that unfolds."
Escobar, who can earn up to $1.5 million in bonuses based on plate appearances, has spent the past seven seasons with Kansas City. He hit .250 with six homers, 54 RBIs and a career-high 102 strikeouts last season, though he seemed to ignite the Royals with a midseason hot streak.
"It's no joke when Esky got going last year the team started to get going a little bit. He can do a lot of things and his defense is second-to-none," said designated hitter Brandon Moss, who spent last season with the Royals and was part of a four-player trade to Oakland on Monday.
"He doesn't get a lot of talk on TV, but in the clubhouse he's respected."
The 31-year-old Escobar was hoping for a long-term contract in free agency, but the offers never materialized in what has been a sluggish market for all positions. He ultimately had to settle for a deal with the Royals, who are poised to rebuild after years of inflated payrolls.
Those were some of the best years in franchise history, though.
Escobar arrived with Cain in a 2011 trade with Milwaukee, and together with Hosmer and Moustakas, formed the basis of a franchise renaissance. He batted .285 during the 2014 season, when the Royals won their first American League pennant since 1985, and was voted an All-Star and won a Gold Glove the next season, when the Royals beat the New York Mets for their first championship in 30 years.
He would earn $75,000 apiece for 125 plate appearances and each additional 25 through 600.
Now that Escobar is back, the Royals figure to take a close look at the rest of their free agents.
Cain has already finalized an $80 million, five-year deal with the Milwaukee Brewers, but the Royals believe they have the outfield depth to replace him. They don't have the same kind of depth at first base, where they have professed their hope of keeping Hosmer with a long-term deal.
There have been rumors that Kansas City has offered Hosmer, a four-time Gold Glove winner, a $140 million, seven-year contract, while the San Diego Padres are among other clubs linked to him.
The Royals have not been mentioned in discussions for Moustakas and Vargas.
"All of them could end up back here," Royals pitcher Jason Hammel said. "Here's hoping."
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
FILE PHOTO: San Francisco City Attorney Dennis Herrera, third from left, with Jesse Smith, Chief Assistant City Attorney, Ron Flynn, Chief Deputy City Attorney and Mayor Ed Lee, announces he has filed a lawsuit against President Donald Trump for his unconstitutional executive order targeting sanctuary cities during a news conference at city Hall in San Francisco, California, U.S., January 31, 2017. REUTERS/Kate Munsch
By Dan Levine
SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - California plans to file a lawsuit against the U.S. Department of Justice over federal restrictions on some law enforcement grants to so-called sanctuary cities, a spokesperson for California's attorney general office said on Monday.
The city of San Francisco filed its own lawsuit against the department late last week, saying the federal government has improperly sought to force local jurisdictions to enforce national immigration law by imposing funding conditions.
President Donald Trump issued a broad executive order in January targeting wide swaths of federal funding for cities that generally offer illegal immigrants safe harbor by declining to use municipal resources to enforce federal immigration laws.
However, a San Francisco judge drastically limited the scope of that policy.
The Justice Department has sought to impose conditions on a national grant for local law enforcement that mandates access to local jails for federal immigration officials, as well as 48 hours notice before releasing anyone wanted for immigration violations.
California's planned lawsuit challenging those conditions, as well as San Francisco's case, is similar to a legal challenge filed last week by the city of Chicago.
In a statement on Monday, California Attorney General Xavier Becerra said the state, not the federal government, is best suited to determine how best to allocate its law enforcement resources.
"When President Trump threatened to defund our local law enforcement's ability to do its job and protect our people, he picked the wrong fight," Becerra said.
A Justice Department spokesman could not immediately be reached for comment.
(Reporting by Dan Levine; Editing by James Dalgleish and Dan Grebler)
From the Right
• Bill O'Reilly in The Hill:
“In cases where Americans are fighting other Americans, clarity is desperately needed. Trump would have been wise to articulate his anger with ‘many sides' in very specific terms.”
President Trump wasn't wrong to call out “many sides” in his response to the violence out of Charlottesville, writes Mr. O'Reilly. However, he argues that the president should have defined “the ongoing radical left political agitation that has caused violence in a precise way,” rather than “lump[ing] it in with those who started the Charlottesville fiasco.” Read more »
_____
• Scott Greer in The Daily Caller:
“Law enforcement was on hand at the dueling demonstrations on Saturday, decked out in riot gear and looking prepared for the worst. Except they weren't allowed to do their job.”
Articulating a point hammered home by many on the right, and even some on the left, Mr. Greer questions why the police were not more active in quelling the violence at the rally. “The chaos,” he writes, “seems like it could have been contained and fewer people hurt if police were a more active presence.” He ultimately finds Gov. Terry McAuliffe of Virginia and Mayor Mike Signer of Charlottesville, both Democrats, responsible for the “police inaction” and ensuing violence. Read more »
_____
• John Podhoretz in New York Post:
“Perhaps those who say I have an obligation as a conservative to support Trump should wonder what their moral obligations require.”
Mr. Podhoretz has been a vocal member of the Never Trump movement since the president's rise as a serious Republican candidate. To his fellow conservatives who wonder why Mr. Podhoretz has resisted support for the president, even in the face of conservative policy victories, he has a simple reply: “Charlottesville is why.” Read more »
_____
• The editorial board of National Review:
“President Trump obviously has defects and shortcomings as a political leader, but we do not believe for a second that those failures include a sneaking anti-Semitism or a secret taste for neo-Confederate revanchism. At the same time, he has made common cause with those who have flirted with those elements for political and financial gain.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The protesters rallied under the banner of “Unite the Right,” a matter about which the editors of National Review believe that they “a little something to say.” In no equivocal terms, they write that they do “not wish to be united with Jew-haters, bigots, racists, and the morally and intellectually defective specimens” protesting in Charlottesville. The only rebel banner that appeals to them is “the one raised by George Washington.” Read more »
_____
• D.C. McAllister in The Federalist:
“We hear complaints about Trump giving a nod to the radical Right, but we hear precious little about Democrats, liberals, and the mainstream Left giving not only a nod but a nudge to the violent radical Left.”
Ms. McAllister launches a vigorous repudiation of the Antifa and the “radical Left,” condemning the leftist practice of “labeling of Republicans” as racists. She says there is a false narrative that all Mr. Trump's supporters are racists. Moreover, Republican leaders like Senator Ted Cruz of Texas, who called for an investigation of the violence as a matter of domestic terrorism, are “playing the useful idiots” and “giving legitimacy to Antifa by downplaying or dismissing its role in the violence.” Read more »
_____
From the Left
Photo
• Shuja Haider in Jacobin:
“President Trump's reticence betrays a reactionary bias, which comes as no surprise. But his rhetoric was not unique to him — the mainstream media and liberal intelligentsia had set the precedent.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Get the Morning Briefing by Email What you need to know to start your day, delivered to your inbox Monday through Friday. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Mr. Haider condemns the “middle-of-the-road tongue-clucking” of those in the mainstream media who direct their criticism at “all sides.” (He includes a tweet from The New York Times's reporter Sheryl Gay Stolberg as an example of this tendency.) According to Mr. Haider, in this situation, moral equivocating is “a stance that history has never revealed to be anything but moral cowardice.” Read more »
_____
• Laura Smith in New York Magazine:
“When it comes to identifying the perpetrators of racial hatred in this country, it is tempting to comfort ourselves with gender tropes. But women have always played a determining role in white-supremacist movements.”
Ms. Smith offers a historical perspective on the underemphasized history of women's participation in the white nationalist movement. “When we think of the Klan,” she writes, “we imagine male faces under the pointed white hoods.” But during the height of the K.K.K.'s popularity, “a woman was the mouthpiece and arguably its most influential member.” A “comprehensive picture” of the composition of the hate group is crucial to understanding its wide reach. Read more »
_____
• Jamelle Bouie in Slate:
“Yes, the proximate reason for Unite the Right was to defend the city's Confederate memorials, but the actual reason was for the marchers to show their strength as a movement.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
By traditional metrics, writes Mr. Bouie, one could argue that the white nationalists' protest in Charlottesville failed. After all, hundreds of counterprotesters showed up to oppose the rally, and what was scheduled to be a five hour march was disbanded after 15 minutes. However, he argues, the real victory belonged to the Nazis and white supremacists who received “tacit support from a White House that refused to condemn them by name.” Read more »
_____
• Paul Blest in The Outline:
“In the wake of recent protest movements including Black Lives Matter, authoritarian state legislators across the country have been working to legitimize the act of crashing a car into people on the street if those people happen to be protesting.”
In recent months, Mr. Blest points out, Republican lawmakers across the country have sought to introduce legislation that would quell civil rights movements. The trend began with the Standing Rock protests in North Dakota, where a bill shielding drivers who hit protesters narrowly failed in the legislature. “It's not a coincidence,” he writes, that Republicans from six states are “attempting to ease restrictions on drivers murdering demonstrators” and “criminalize peaceful protest.” Read more »
_____
And Finally, From the Center:
Photo
• Perry Bacon Jr. in Five Thirty Eights:
“This strain of white identity politics, which sees white people as the group in need of special protection, is relatively new.”
There is “nothing new,” writes Mr. Bacon, about anti-Semitism or white supremacy. However, “what is different about this iteration of white nationalism is how the movement is framing its ideas, and the place those ideas occupy in U.S. politics.” Read more »
_____
• Katherine Mangu-Ward in Reason:
“But if fascists are to lose their free speech rights, someone must take them. And if you believe, as many of the counter-protesters do, that the white nationalists and their brethren were emboldened by the presence of a man in the White House who sees them as part of his coalition, then why on God's good green earth would you want to turn around and hand that very man the right to censor anyone whom he labels fascists?”
To those who would limit the speech rights of those with whom they disagree, Ms. Mangu-Ward, the editor-in-chief of the libertarian Reason magazine, has one question: “Do you really want Donald Trump deciding who gets free speech?” Read more »
_____
• Rosie Gray in The Atlantic:
“The paradox of the alt-right in this moment is that just when it had seemed to achieve political legitimacy beyond its wildest dreams, it has also shown it can't figure out how to bring itself out of the darkest corners of political thought.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Rosie Gray explains how the so-called alt-right's efforts to rebrand itself have failed. As some of the movement's leaders — including Richard Spencer and Mike Cernovich — attempt to erase traces of overt racism to focus on rooting out “globalist” influences in the White House, Charlottesville proves “that they were always white nationalists.” Read more »
_____
• Ross K. Baker in USA Today:
“Our president's unwillingness or inability to make critical moral decisions may also signal a blaze of unimagined destructiveness.”
Toxic words, writes Mr. Baker, “tend to have a long half-life.” Mr. Trump has “astutely but cynically played the polarization card,” something Mr. Baker judges to be the “most irresponsible and destructive course of action taken by any major political figure in American history.” Read more »
_____
Want the Partisan Writing Roundup in your inbox? Sign up for the Morning Briefing Newsletter or the What We're Reading Newsletter.
Have thoughts about this collection? Email feedback to ourpicks@nytimes.com.
New in package PTG Bolt I have a still in package left hand long action mag Bolt face straight handle minni m16 extractor cut with extractor PTG one piece bolt. $200 shipped
Five USC recruits and players were selected Wednesday on the final day of the major-league baseball draft.
The Trojans will be worried about whether they get to see outfielder Je'Von Carrier-Ward of Gahr High in Cerritos next season after he was selected in the 12th round by the Milwaukee Brewers. Carrier-Ward is the nephew of former USC safety Mark Carrier.
USC shortstop Frankie Rios was selected in the 17th round by the Boston Red Sox. Rios led USC with a .354 average and 33 runs. He also had 26 RBI.
USC catcher Adalberto Carrillo was taken in the 33rd round by the Washington Nationals. Carrillo, who also played third base at USC, hit .281 with seven home runs and 36 RBI.
Pitcher Kyle Hurt of Torrey Pines High was selected in the 34th round by the Philadelphia Phillies. Hurt was 5-1 with a 1.66 ERA his senior season.
Third baseman Ben Ramirez of Eastlake High in Chula Vista was drafted in the 35th round by the Chicago Cubs.
Commtoion took place in the early hours of yesterday, when 25-year-old Monday Udeme was beaten up for defiling his best friend's six-year-old daughter at their King Duke Street residence in Calabar South Local Government Area, Cross River State.
According to Vanguard, an eyewitness, Ekpeyong Bassey, who works in a bakery close to the scene, told Vanguard that problem started on New Year eve when Asuquo, the girl's father, discovered that his daughter's pant was damp.
The father, it was learned, scolded the girl for wetting herself. But she reportedly told his father that she did not urinate on herself.
The father, Asuquo, decided to examine her and discovered that the girl's private part was discharging substance.
Ekpeyong said: “Asuquo started probing her and threatening her. That was when she opened up and told him that it was Uncle Udeme who raped her.
“Because of the New Year celebration, Udeme was still outside. The suspect and Asuquo were roommates. So they waited for him to come back.
“On sighting Udeme, some of Asuquo's friends pounced on him and started beating him. They gave him a beating of his life.”
When Vanguard visited Asuquo, who was very emotional about what happened, he expressed shock over what his friend Udeme did to his daughter even after sheltering him for close to a year.
In his words: “Udeme is my very good friend. I took him in when he was dismissed from the bakery across the road, because they accused him of always stealing their bread.
“He does not have relatives here and the ones he has done not even want to see him any more because of his attitude. What he has done to my girl is despicable, and I know God will judge him because I do not want to arrest him, neither am I going to push the matter.
“I am crying because he has damaged my baby's life. She told me he has done it four times. That is most painful.
“She was defiled in 2014. Why are they doing this to my little girl all the time? And they are all people I know.”
The victim's father further told Vanguard that although the girl's mother left them when things got a bit tough for him after he lost his father, he had no option than to take his daughter back to her mother to ensure she gets all the care she needs.
He said: “I have called to tell the mother what happened. She would be here any moment to pick her so that she would take care of her till they can go to the hospital on Monday. I have also told them to leave the idiot before they say I killed somebody this 2017.”
A neighbour, who pleaded anonymity, corroborated what the victim's father had earlier said about how the child was defiled, when she was about four years old, by a co-tenant.
MILWAUKEE (AP) -- Bryce Nze had a career-high 25 points on 11-of-14 shooting to go with 10 rebounds on Friday night and Milwaukee beat Green Bay 76-58.
Carson Warren-Newsome added 12 points and Jeremiah Bell scored 11 for the Panthers (13-13, 6-7 Horizon League).
Milwaukee led by double digits for the entire second half except once when the Phoenix (10-16, 5-8) trailed 34-25 on Khalil Small's jumper in the first minute of the period.
Nze scored the first six points of the game and Milwaukee opened with an 8-0 run. Green Bay took its only lead of the game at 13-12 before the Panthers went on an 8-0 run and never trailed again.
Manny Patterson had 13 points and Small scored 10 for Green Bay. The Phoenix committed 20 turnovers and were outrebounded 38-29.
Adm. Harry Harris, the commander of U.S. forces in the Pacific, will become the next U.S. ambassador to South Korea instead of Australia, the Australian foreign minister said Wednesday.
Foreign Minister Julie Bishop said she had been informed of the decision by Acting Secretary of State John Sullivan on Tuesday.
"While we would have welcomed Adm. Harris here as ambassador to Australia, we understand that there are significant challenges for the United States on the Korean peninsula," Bishop told reporters in Sydney.
"We of course have a very strong and deep relationship with the United States and I am sure they will choose a very appropriate ambassador to take his place in due course," she added.
Bishop said Sullivan made it clear a new appointment would be a priority for the next secretary of state.
President Donald Trump nominated Harris in February to become Australia's next ambassador.
The United States had not had an ambassador in Australia since John Berry, president of the American Australian Association, left the post in September 2016.
Andrew Shearer, a former Australian government security adviser and now an adviser on Asia-Pacific security at the Washington-based Center for Strategic and International Studies, said the change of ambassador plans made Australia appear to be a second-class ally of the United States.
"Australia really ... is ... a collateral casualty here to the shambolic practices of the Trump Administration," Shearer told the Australian Broadcasting Corp.
"I don't think there's anything sinister to it. I think it's much more typical of the ad hoc, moment-to-moment decision making if this particular administration," he added.
Bishop noted past appointments for U.S. ambassador to Australia took time.
In the meantime, Charge d'Affaires Jim Caruso will continue to act in the role.
Opposition defense spokesman Richard Marles said the sooner Australia got a new U.S. ambassador the better.
"We're close friends, I don't think anyone is taking offence," Marles told Sky News television.
Former government minister and the current Australian War Memorial director Brendan Nelson said while he wouldn't describe it as a snub, the United States should have proper representation in Australia.
"I say to President Trump and those who are advising him: we need an ambassador, we deserve an ambassador and we'd like one soon," Nelson said.
Former deputy prime minister and diplomat Tim Fischer said the delay in appointing an ambassador reflected its low priority in Washington.
"Nigh on two years will be an insult with impact, notwithstanding the good work of the acting ambassador in Canberra," Fischer said of the absence of an ambassador.
The global teleprotection market is expected to grow at a CAGR of around 19% during the forecast period, according to Technavio's latest market research.
In this market research report, Technavio covers the market outlook and growth prospects of the global teleprotection market for 2017-2021. The market is further categorized into two product segments which are the teleprotection unit and teleprotection software, with increased demand for teleprotection units.
"The global teleprotection unit market is expected to witness a high growth during the forecast period as compared to the global teleprotection software market. The growing need for high safety and advanced measures to avoid power failure and system damage is expected to contribute toward the growth of the global teleprotection unit market," says Anju Ajaykumar, a lead engineering tools research expert from Technavio.
Technavio's research analysts segment the global teleprotection market into the following regions:
In 2016, the Americas held the largest share of the teleprotection market accounting for close to 41% of the market share, followed by EMEA and APAC regions with approximately 34% and 25% respectively.
Americas: replacement of aging grid infrastructure to fuel growth
The major demand for teleprotection systems in the Americas is expected to arise from end-user industries such as power and telecommunication sectors. The region is expected to grow at a rapid pace with the US, Canada, Brazil, and Mexico being the major revenue contributors. Utilities in these countries are undergoing significant transformation that is largely driven by the replacement of aging grid infrastructure, addition and connection of renewables into grids, and modernization of grids by adding devices such as smart meters, integrating IP-based communication, and IT infrastructure.
The governments in the countries in this region also support these advances in the form of policies and funding. For instance, the US Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 supported the modernization of grids, and the funding was made available under the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009. Huge investments have been made in improving the electricity distribution in the US. This in turn is expected to propel the demand for the global teleprotection market.
This report is available at a USD 1,000 discount for a limited time only: View market snapshot before purchasing
Buy 1 Technavio report and get the second for 50% off. Buy 2 Technavio reports and get the third for free.
EMEA: deployment of 4G communication technology to boost growth
The major demand for teleprotection systems in EMEA is expected to arise from end-user industries such as power, oil and gas, and telecommunication sectors. In Europe, the UK and Germany are rapidly deploying 4G communication technology. The growth in 4G penetration is expected to lead toward increased demand for high-voltage power supply. These developments coupled with the demand for high-voltage power supply are expected to drive the teleprotection market for providing solutions for safety systems and maintaining stable and balanced power supply. The rollout of 5G communication technology is also expected to drive the demand for the teleprotection market in EMEA.
APAC: fastest growing market with a CAGR of 26%
The teleprotection market in APAC is expected witness demand from end-user industries such as the power and telecommunication sectors. China dominates the market for teleprotection technologies in the APAC region. This is largely due to the commitment of the government toward reducing its carbon emission, diversifying its energy resources, and expanding its electricity infrastructure. China is planning to decrease the share of coal, while increasing its investment in renewable and nuclear power generation. Both these factors are expected to accelerate the demand for non-coal-fired generation, smart grids, and energy-efficient technologies. These factors have increased the demand for T&D equipment and teleprotection systems, especially for substations.
"Apart from China, the need for improving the electrification rate in countries such as India and several other countries in Southeast Asia is predicted to drive the capacity expansion, which in turn is likely to drive the demand for teleprotection systems in the APAC region," says Anju.
The top vendors in the global teleprotection market as highlighted in this market research analysis are:
Browse Related Reports:
Become a Technavio Insights member and access all three of these reports for a fraction of their original cost. As a Technavio Insights member, you will have immediate access to new reports as they're published in addition to all 6,000+ existing reports covering segments like construction, unit operation, and test and measurement. This subscription nets you thousands in savings, while staying connected to Technavio's constant transforming research library, helping you make informed business decisions more efficiently.
About Technavio
Technavio is a leading global technology research and advisory company. The company develops over 2000 pieces of research every year, covering more than 500 technologies across 80 countries. Technavio has about 300 analysts globally who specialize in customized consulting and business research assignments across the latest leading edge technologies.
Technavio analysts employ primary as well as secondary research techniques to ascertain the size and vendor landscape in a range of markets. Analysts obtain information using a combination of bottom-up and top-down approaches, besides using in-house market modeling tools and proprietary databases. They corroborate this data with the data obtained from various market participants and stakeholders across the value chain, including vendors, service providers, distributors, re-sellers, and end-users.
If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at media@technavio.com.
$page_length='long'; ?>
You ask... We answer.
Q: I remember some of the telephone exchange names from years ago: “Howard” in Niagara-on-the-Lake, “Webster” and “Mutual” in St. Catharines. Now that I live in Welland, I wonder what the names were here.
A: The Niagara region had several telephone exchange names in use back in the 1940s and 1950s.
Search Engine turned to St. Catharines historian Brian Narhi for an explanation of the system and the local names.
Narhi wrote that a telephone exchange is a phone system located at a central service office responsible for serving a small geographic area. It provided the switching or interconnection of two or more individual subscriber lines for calls made between them — instead of requiring direct lines between subscriber stations.
“This made it possible for subscribers to call each other at homes, businesses or public spaces,” he wrote. “These made telephony an available and comfortable communication tool for everyday use.”
Narhi said each central office served a maximum of 10,000 subscriber lines based upon the last four digits of the telephone number. If an area had more than 10,000 subscribers, it would be served by more central offices.
The central offices were identified by unique names that distinguished them from each other. The first letters of the office names were used as the leading components of the telephone numbers in their areas. The letters were mapped to digits which were visible on the dial and later on touch-tone phones.
In the 1940s, Narhi said Bell developed a North American numbering plan which had a system of 86 area codes. Canadian telephone numbers originally consisted of two letters and four numbers, but during the 1940s that changed to two letters and five numbers. The system was standard in the 1950s.
When a caller lifted the telephone receiver, an operator would ask “Number please?”
Of course, some letters sound like others and that could cause some confusion.
In 1955, AT&T came up with a list of recommended exchange names that were the result of studies to minimize misunderstandings when people spoke them.
The names were supposed to be easily identified when pronounced.
In Welland, for instance, the exchange name was REgent. The RE corresponded with 73 on the telephone. The “gent” part made it easy for the operator to understand what was being said.
Other exchange names in the region, which Narhi found in a 1958 Bell telephone book, were LOgan for Beamsville and Vineland; COlfax and ELgin for Stamford and Niagara Falls; HOward for Niagara-on-the-Lake; TEmple for Port Colborne; DUdley for Port Robinson and TWining for Ridgeville.
CAnal, MUtual and WEbster were used for parts of St. Catharines, Merritton, Thorold and Port Dalhousie and WEbster was used for Grantham and Port Weller. MUtual was also used in Louth.
As more and more people adopted the telephone system, Bell decided to get rid of letter and implement all-number calling. It was phased in starting in 1958, starting in the Niagara area, and was adopted in most areas by the mid-1960s.
- - - -
Fact Finder!
The first Bell telephone subscriber in St. Catharines was Charles E. Stuart, a coal and wood merchant, who rented two phones in February 1879. According to local historian Brian Narhi, phones were connected between his home on Queen Street and his business on St. Paul Street. A few years later in 1882, work began on the first local central telephone exchange office in the city. In 1885, there were 114 telephones in the city — by the end of the Second World War there were 8,650.
- - - - -
Send your queries to Karena Walter by email at kwalter@postmedia.com
Follow @karena_standard
or through Facebook at www.facebook.com/karenawalter
WASHINGTON – President Donald Trump delivered a foreboding message Thursday night, telling reporters as he posed for photos with his senior military leaders that this might be “the calm before the storm.”
White House reporters were summoned suddenly Thursday evening and told the president had decided he wanted the press to document a dinner he was holding with the military leaders and their wives.
Reporters were led hastily to the grand State Dining Room, where they walked into a scene of the president, his highest-ranking military aides and their wives posing for a group photo. The cameras clicked and they smiled. A joke was made about someone's face being tired. Live classical music played.
Then, Trump gestured to the reporters in the room.
“You guys know what this represents?” Trump asked. “Maybe it's the calm before the storm. Could be the calm, the calm before the storm.”
“What storm Mr. President?” one reporter shouted. ISIS? North Korea? Iran?
“You'll find out,” the president said.
He also praised those assembled for the photo, saying: “We have the world's great military people in this room, I will tell you that.”
Earlier in the evening, the president had lauded the group, including his defence secretary and chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and said they would be discussing the most pressing military issues facing the country, including North Korea and Iran.
Trump said “tremendous progress” had been made with respect to the Islamic State group, adding, “I guess the media's going to be finding out about that over the next short period of time.”
He also denounced Iran, saying the country should not be allowed to obtain nuclear weapons, and offered another stark warning to North Korea's Kim Jong-un.
“We cannot allow this dictatorship to threaten our nation or allies with unimaginable loss of life,” he said, vowing to “do what we must do to prevent that from happening and it will be done, if necessary. Believe me.”
He also said that, moving forward, he expects those in the room to provide him with “a broad range of military options, when needed, at a much faster pace.”
MORE ABOUT DONALD TRUMP:
F/S Vortex Viper 4x12 40 w/ bubble level & rings
For Sale Vortex Viper 4x12 40 mm scope with Vortex bubble level and either Leupold Low or Medium matt rings. The scope was mounted for 6 mo and the rifle thereafter sold. The scope is in perfect condition. Complete in original box with goodies. Compare new - scope only- at $350. Shipped $265.
Attached Thumbnails - Click to View Larger
UPROXX SPORTS
Sometimes people need a friend to step in and tell them “no.” This is a great example of one of those times.
An Eagle fan (presumably) went to a tattoo shop and requested the body art seen below, featuring Donald Trump's head combined with the Philadelphia Eagles logo. Now, you might be asking “where would one get such an idea to do that?” Oh, yeah, from us when we redesigned every NFL logo as Trump. Whoops, that's our bad, guys.
This is the second time we've seen one of the Trump logos used in real life. I guess we should start putting a disclaimer at the top of something like this explaining that you should not get any of them tattooed on your body or use them as branding for your new company. Although, in our defense, we never thought anyone in their right mind would do such a thing.
In any case, this is a terrible tattoo and at some point you'd imagine this guy will regret having this on his arm (it looks like it's up by his elbow, which means this is going to be tough to cover up regularly without wearing long sleeves all the time), but most of all he should regret not having a good enough friend to tell him not to do this. Everyone needs people around them that are willing to say no, because if you don't have those people you end up being Johnny Manziel.
President Donald Trump signed an executive order that prohibits Americans from dealing in any form of digital currency from Venezuela on Monday, a day before that country's launch of a state-owned cryptocurrency called the "petro."
The executive order prohibits "all transactions related to, provision of financing for, and other dealings in, by a United States person or within the United States, any digital currency, digital coin, or digital token, that was issued by, for, or on behalf of the Government of Venezuela on or after January 9, 2018."
Venezuelan President Nicolás Maduro's administration introduced the oil-backed digital currency in February with his nation's economy in crisis and the bolivar experiencing hyperinflation.
Federico Parra/AFP/Getty Images
In the order, Trump characterized the Maduro administration's actions as an "attempt to circumvent U.S. sanctions by issuing a digital currency in a process that Venezuela's democratically elected National Assembly has denounced as unlawful."
Monday's executive order builds upon a body of existing sanctions directed at Venezuela, including those stemming from another executive order Trump signed in August that put restrictions on dealing in Venezuelan bonds or new debt, and one signed by President Barack Obama in 2015 that cited Venezuela's "erosion of human rights guarantees, persecution of political opponents, curtailment of press freedoms, use of violence and human rights violations" as justification.
Apple is teaming up with Ohio State University for a college program called The Digital Flagship University. It focuses on teaching, learning, research, and creativity. Starting in 2018, students will receive an iPad Pro with apps and tools like an Apple Pencil and Smart Keyboard.
Michael V. Drake, President of Ohio State University, said:
We are establishing our Digital Flagship University initiative by combining the resources and talents of an international technology leader and one of the most comprehensive public universities in the world. Our students and community will have outstanding opportunities to develop modern mobile skills to enhance learning and excel in the competitive workplace.
Goals
The goals of Apple and Ohio State University for the program will include:
a student-success plan to fuse learning technology into the university experience
an iOS design lab on the Columbus campus serving faculty, staff, students and members of the public
university-wide opportunities for students to learn coding skills to improve their chances of getting a job in the app economy
As the program expands, there are opportunities to bring iPads into the university. Examples include botany students using iPads as field notebooks, or chemistry students using iPads to complete assignments using iTunes.
Digital Flagship University starts this 2017-2018 school year. The iOS design lab opens in 2018 in a temporary location — it will move to a permanent spot in 2019. Training in Swift programming will start in the spring semester of 2018.
This is just the latest education effort by Apple. In May, the company launched an app development course for high school and community college students. And in August, Apple announced a Swift course for app development across 30 community colleges in the U.S.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Washington Wizards point guard John Wall is expected to miss about six to eight weeks after having arthroscopic surgery on his left knee.
The team announced the predicted timeline after Wall's operation on Wednesday.
If Wall is sidelined for two months, he would sit out more than 25 games and return for the last half-dozen or so of the regular season.
He already missed Washington's past two games, both victories, including 102-96 against the Oklahoma City Thunder on Tuesday night.
In all this season, Washington is 7-6 without their All-Star guard, and 28-22 overall, which puts them fifth in the Eastern Conference.
Wall is second on the Wizards in scoring, averaging 19.4 points, and is second in the league with 9.3 assists per game.
___
More AP NBA coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Jim Harris has been WYSH's News & Sports Director since 2000. In addition to reporting local news, he is the play-by-play voice for Clinton High School football, boys' and girls' basketball and baseball. Catch Jim live weekdays beginning at 6:20 am for live local news, sports, weather and traffic plus the Community Bulletin Board, shenanigans with Ron Meredith and more on the Country Club Morning Show on WYSH & WQLA. Jim lives in Clinton with his wife Kelly and daughter Carolina, his mother-in-law and cats Lucius and Oliver.
A judge declined to set bond for an Ohio man during his first court appearance after allegedly ramming a vehicle into a crowd of people demonstrating against a white supremacist rally Saturday in Charlottesville, Va.
Charlottesville resident Heather Heyer was killed, and at least 19 other people were in injured in the attack.
The Charlottesville Police Department said Saturday that James Alex Fields Jr., 20, of Maumee, Ohio, was charged with one count of second-degree murder, three counts of malicious wounding and one count of hit-and run.
During today's Charlottesville court hearing, as NPR's Debbie Elliott reports, Fields "appeared by video from jail, dressed in a gray and white-striped prison jumpsuit."
Fields told Judge Robert Downer that he could not afford a lawyer. "Downer assigned a court-appointed attorney to represent Fields, and set another hearing for Aug. 25," Debbie adds. "Until then, the judge said, Fields would remain in jail with no bond in part because he has no ties to the area."
The Associated Press adds that the judge told the court that the "public defenders' office informed him it could not represent Fields because a relative of someone in the office was injured in Saturday's protest."
The plan is reportedly to make S Mode available for most versions of Windows 10 (with new Core+ and Workstation variants being the exceptions). The cost of unlocking full access would depend on what you're running: Windows 10 Home S users could unlock to the regular Home release for free, while those using Windows 10 Pro S would have to pay the previously mentioned $49. You wouldn't be forced to cough up cash just because that 10 S PC you bought feels too restrictive.
There's no firm timetable for when the switch would happen, but Thurrott understands that a shakeup of Windows 10 prices for partners, which includes S Mode, will take effect between April 2nd and May 1st. We've asked Microsoft for comment and will let you know if it can confirm any details.
This isn't necessarily a rejection of Windows 10 S as a concept, although data in the documents suggests it has had a mixed reception. About 60 percent of users with third-party 10 S PCs stick to the software, but 60 percent of those who switch do so immediately. In other words, people who buy Windows 10 S machines usually know what they want. The problem, as you may have noticed, is that these are third-party computers -- it's likely that Microsoft's own Surface Laptop would skew the numbers. A shift away from a release could be an acknowledgment that 10 S works better as a settings toggle than a separate product.
Your Super Bowl party might be divided when it comes to cheering for the Patriots or the Eagles, but, one thing everyone is rooting for: Amazing commercials.
And, actually, nearly one in four viewers on Sunday will be watching the Super Bowl just for the commercials. After all, those well-crafted ads are known for giving us all kinds of feels in a single commercial break, ranging from the sentimental to the hilarious. (Here's one from Amazon to be watching out for).
As it turns out, those behind the commercials might be just as nervous about winning consumers over as Tom Brady is winning another ring. A single 30-second spot can be a defining moment for the brands, explains the American Marketing Association, or AMA.
Here's a sneak peek at what's to come in 2018:
In anticipation of Super Bowl LII (which airs on NBC on Sunday, Feb. 4 at 6:30 p.m. Eastern), the AMA did an analysis showing how much the average cost of a 30-second ad during the Big Game costs. Interestingly, it hasn't been a steady climb for Super Bowl ads over the years. For example, between 1970 and 1971, the price of an ad fell by $6,000 from $78,000 to $72,000. For the three games between 1991 and 1993, the ad rate stayed flat at $850,000. The cost of an add dipped from $2.1 million in 2001 to $1.9 million in 2002.
Last year, advertisers shelled out, on average, $5.2 million for a spot. A 30-second spot in the 2018 Super Bowl will again cost in excess of $5 million, according to Sports Illustrated.
Here are some highlights over the years, according to the statistics rounded up by AMA (view the full list below!):
1967: $42,000, Green Bay Packers (35) VS Kansas City Chiefs (10).
1972: $86,000, Dallas Cowboys (24) VS Miami Dolphins (3)
1977: $125,000, Oakland Raiders (32) VS Minnesota Vikings (14)
1982: $324,000 San Francisco 49ers (26) VS Cincinnati Bengals (21)
1987: $600,000 New York Giants (39) VS Denver Broncos (20)
1992: $850,000 Washington Redskins (37) VS Buffalo Bills (24)
1997: $1.2 million Green Bay Packers (35) VS New England Patriots (21)
2002: $1.9 million New England Patriots (20) VS St. Louis Rams (17)
2007: $2.6 million Indianapolis Colts (29) VS Chicago Bears (17)
2012: $3.5 million New York Giants (21) VS New England Patriots (17)
2017: $5.02 million New England Patriots (34) VS Atlanta Falcons (28)
Here's the full list from the AMA, in one handy chart:
So, what's your favorite Super Bowl commercial of all time?
CDC Urges Americans To Get Their Flu Shots
It's flu shot time, and health officials are bracing for a potentially miserable fall and winter. The clues: The Southern Hemisphere, especially Australia, was hit hard over the past few months with a flu strain that's notorious for causing severe illness, especially in seniors.
And in the U.S., small clusters of that so-called H3N2 flu already are popping up.
"We don't know what's going to happen but there's a chance we could have a season similar to Australia," Dr. Daniel Jernigan, influenza chief at the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, told The Associated Press.
The worrisome news came as the government urged Americans Thursday to make sure they get a flu shot before influenza starts spreading widely. Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price got his own jab to publicize the importance, saying, "There's no reason not to get protected."
Last year, only about 47 percent of the population was vaccinated.
CDC's Jernigan cautions there's no good way to predict how bad the upcoming flu season will be. That H3N2 strain caused infections here last year, too. And although strains that circulate in the Southern Hemisphere often spread to North America and Europe, there's no guarantee it will make a repeat performance.
Still, H3N2 is "the bad actor," said Dr. William Schaffner of Vanderbilt University and the National Foundation for Infectious Diseases. "If you needed another reason to get vaccinated, there it is. Best get that protection."
Also Thursday, World Health Organization flu advisers meeting in Australia recommended updating future vaccines for the Southern Hemisphere to strengthen H3N2 protection.
Flu does constantly evolve, forcing new vaccine to be brewed each year to match the strains specialists expect to cause most illness. In the U.S., CDC's Jernigan said this year's shots aren't perfect -- but that the H3N2 strain traveling around the globe hasn't significantly changed, so the vaccine remains a pretty good match.
"It's the best tool we have right now for preventing disease," he said in an interview.
Some things to know about the once-a-year rite of flu vaccination:
Who Needs a Shot?
Everybody, starting at 6 months of age, according to the CDC.
Flu is most dangerous for people over age 65, young children, pregnant women and people with certain health conditions such as asthma or heart disease.
But it can kill even the young and otherwise healthy. On average, the CDC says flu kills about 24,000 Americans each year, and last year, the toll included 105 children.
Last year, three-fourths of babies and toddlers -- tots ages 6 months to 2 years -- were vaccinated. So were two-thirds of adults 65 and older.
How Well Does the Vaccine Protect?
The CDC says people who get flu shots have a 40 percent to 60 percent lower chance of getting seriously ill than the unvaccinated. If someone is infected despite vaccination, generally they have a milder illness than if they'd skipped the shot, Schaffner said.
"I like to tell my patients, 'You're here complaining, that's wonderful -- you didn't die,'" he said.
Don't Delay
It takes about two weeks for good protection to kick in. Flu season tends to peak around January, but there's no way to know when it will start spreading widely.
Manufacturers say between 151 million and 166 million doses will be available this year. It's already widely available in doctors' offices and drugstores.
Will the Shot Make Me Sick?
You can't get influenza from flu shots, specialists stress. But flu vaccine doesn't protect against colds or other respiratory viruses that people can confuse with influenza.
Lots of Options
The regular flu shot comes in versions that protect against either three or four strains of influenza -- including that problematic H3N2 strain, another Type A strain known as H1N1, and one or two strains of Type B flu.
Ask your doctor or pharmacist about other options which are available for certain age groups.
For needle-phobes, there's a skin-deep vaccine that uses tiny needles, and a needle-free jet injector that shoots another vaccine through the skin.
Two vaccine brands target the 65-and-older crowd. They're especially vulnerable to flu's dangerous complications because they tend to have more underlying health problems than younger people -- and because standard flu shots don't work as well with age-weakened immune systems. One high-dose version contains four times the usual anti-flu ingredient, while a competitor contains an extra immune-boosting compound.
And for those worried about allergies from eggs used in the production process, two more vaccines are egg-free.
Sorry Kids, No Nasal Spray Option
FluMist, a less ouchy nasal spray vaccine, once was popular with children. But last year, a baffled CDC said it was no longer protecting against certain influenza strains as well as regular flu shots -- and told doctors not to use it. That's the same advice this year: Youngsters will need a shot, just like their parents.
And for kids between the ages of 6 months and 8 years who are getting a first-ever flu vaccination, they'll need two doses a month apart.
HOUSTON (AP) — A Houston 18-year-old has been arrested and charged with illegally distributing explosive-making information and attempting to support the Islamic State organization.
The U.S. Justice Department said Monday that Kaan Sercan Damlarkaya, a U.S. citizen, was arrested on Dec. 8 following an undercover FBI operation. A statement says Damlarkaya said he intended to travel overseas and fight for IS and said he tried to get to Syria twice. He told agents that he would commit a U.S. attack if efforts to travel overseas failed.
It also says Damlarkaya provided to alleged IS supporters a formula for explosive Triacetone Triperoxide and instructions how to use it in a pressure cooker device containing shrapnel.
If convicted, he faces a possible 20-year maximum prison term. The U.S. has designated IS as a terrorist organization.
The streaming service never said why outright, but when the wrap-up movie was announced, Lana Wachowski hinted that it wasn't living up to expectations in terms of viewership. With the way Netflix is flooding the service with originals this year, one has to wonder if a show or movie amassing an audience and positive reception still matters.
The @sense8 finale arrives June 8! Tell your cluster. pic.twitter.com/FlDwnKzOYW — Netflix US (@netflix) April 24, 2018
What began as talk for a fight many perceived as impossible between a boxing legend and the biggest star in mixed martial arts is now a reality.
Former pound-for-pound king and five-division world champion Floyd Mayweather Jr. made the official announcement on social media on Wednesday, confirming that he will exit a 23-month retirement at age 40 to face Conor McGregor, the UFC superstar, in a boxing match on Aug. 26 in Las Vegas.
UFC president Dana White, appearing on SportsCenter, said the fight would be at the boxing junior middleweight weight limit of 154 pounds, the fighters would use 10-ounce gloves and the card would take place at T-Mobile Arena.
The fight will be broadcast on Showtime PPV.
"We've been in negotiations for a while," White told SportsCenter. "Negotiations went smooth. Floyd is surrounded by some smart people, and we got this thing done. The impossible deal is now done."
Moments before Mayweather's announcement, McGregor sent out a simple four-word statement on Twitter, with a picture of Floyd Mayweather Sr., instead of Mayweather Jr.
White followed the announcement with an emoji.
The announcement brings to an end rampant speculation that began two years ago, when McGregor threw out the prospect of the fantasy match during a July 2015 appearance on Conan O'Brien's talk show, telling the host, "I would box him if the opportunity arose."
Ireland's McGregor (21-3), a 28-year-old southpaw, is the first UFC fighter to simultaneously hold titles in two different divisions and one of the best MMA fighters in the world, but he will be making his professional boxing debut against Mayweather, one of the greatest boxers in history.
Although no major titles are on the line and Mayweather (49-0, 26 KOs) is an astronomical favorite, the fight offers both combatants an opportunity to make huge money.
Mayweather is a -1,100 favorite at the Westgate SuperBook in Las Vegas, with McGregor paying back 700.
McGregor has been outspoken about his desire for a fight that will dwarf his largest UFC payday, while Mayweather, who earned some $250 million for his record-shattering victory against Manny Pacquiao in May 2015, stands to earn a second nine-figure windfall.
Mayweather (49-0, 26 KOs) also has the chance to finish off his career at a perfect 50-0 in a bout that few expects to be competitive but has nonetheless piqued the public's interest because of the boxing-versus-MMA angle, not to mention the big personalities and trash-talk ability of both fighters.
Mayweather has not fought since easily outpointing Andre Berto in September 2015 to retain his welterweight world title and then retiring. But he has been vocal about his desire to exit retirement for only one fight -- the big one against McGregor.
The fight seemed highly implausible because Mayweather was retired and McGregor had never boxed. Mayweather and McGregor eventually went back and forth with each other in the media and on social media talking about a possible fight, but making a deal was another story.
McGregor fueled speculation when he applied for and was granted a boxing license in California in November and then applied for one in Nevada last month, although his application has not yet been completed.
But McGregor, whose UFC titles have come at 145 and 155 pounds, is under long-term contract to the UFC and needed the company to go along with making the bout. White was initially against it, but he came around and in April admitted there was too much money at stake not to make the fight. In May, McGregor and the UFC came to terms on their end of the deal.
Mayweather also began to talk openly about his interest in the fight, announcing in March that he would come out of retirement for only one opponent -- McGregor. He hoped the bout would take place in June, but that was pushing the timing, and in May, he told Showtime on one of its boxing telecasts, "Hopefully, we can make the fight happen. He's no pushover."
McGregor caused even more of a stir in March when he was ringside for the boxing pro debut of his pal Michael Conlan and went off in a brief session with the ringside media after the fight, shouting, "I'm going to step in there and shock the whole goddamn world. Trust me on that. Look me in the eyes, 28 years of age, confident as a m-----f-----, long, rangy, dangerous with every hand. Trust me, I'm going to stop Floyd and you're all going to eat your words. The whole world is going to eat their words."
With Mayweather adviser Al Haymon quietly negotiating the specifics with the UFC -- and the Nevada State Athletic Commission saying it would happily regulate the fight, despite it being perceived as a huge mismatch by most -- Mayweather Promotions drew attention when it requested Aug. 26 from the Nevada commission as the date for a boxing event, although it did not specify the main event.
It nonetheless became clear through various sources that this was the intended date for Mayweather-McGregor. On Wednesday, the commission granted Mayweather's company the date at its regular commission meeting; although Mayweather Promotions had asked for the request to be removed from the agenda, only to make a last-minute request to keep it on Tuesday night.
Hours after the commission approved the date request for the fight, Mayweather announced the fight that many believe will approach the 4.6 million buy record set by Mayweather-Pacquiao.
"This matchup is unprecedented," said Stephen Espinoza, executive vice president and general manager of Showtime Sports. "There has been overwhelming demand from fight fans, and it's great to be able to deliver.
"As we've already seen this evening, Mayweather vs. McGregor has generated buzz that reaches far beyond that of the considerable boxing and MMA audience. Both Floyd and Conor are trendsetting personalities who've transcended their respective sports. They carry unmatched reputations for spectacle and athleticism, and together they will create a once-in-a-lifetime event."
The Mayweather-McGregor card will be boxing only, and Mayweather has said he wants two of his company's top fighters to appear on it: Badou Jack (21-1-2, 12 KOs), a former super middleweight world titleholder who vacated his belt in January to move up to light heavyweight; and junior lightweight world titlist Gervonta Davis (18-0, 17 KOs).
"Like sports fans worldwide, we are thrilled that the Mayweather-McGregor fight has been finalized and will take place later this summer in Las Vegas," said Richard Sturm, president of entertainment and sports for MGM Resorts International, which owns T-Mobile Arena. "This will be a sensational event, one that we're all looking forward to in August. It will be an experience for fans that will, once again, prove why Las Vegas is the entertainment capital of the world."
ESPN's Brett Okamoto and Ben Fawkes contributed to this report.
Barcelona's Denis Suarez Claims Arsenal Star is in Two Minds Over His Future at the Emirates
90min
​Barcelona midfielder Denis Suarez claims Hector Bellerin is undecided as to whether he should stay at the Emirates, or go to the Nou Camp this summer. The Spanish international is understood to have become a top transfer target for Barça's new manager …
and more »
Name:
Rebecca: Posted: 2018-02-02 @ 2:19pm PT What works for you may not work for others. It's down to your genetics.
My hubby and I both did full Tibetan herbs for slimming treatment along with healthy and reasonable eating and can't recommend it enough. We both lost more weight than initially were expecting. We feel great and have more energy. The idea is that it will change your metabolism and it certainly changed ours. We had to order the herbs from UK but it certainly paid off.
The East Baton Rouge metro council is expected to get an update from a Baton Rouge Police Department spokesman on the status of the officers involved in the shooting death of Alton Sterling, as well as an update about the 911 call from that night from EMS officials.
Viewing on a mobile device? Click here for a live stream of the council meeting.
The meeting happens to fall on what would have been Sterling's 38th birthday. Several members of the community are expected to attend a balloon release before the scheduled meeting.
The metro council meeting is expected to begin at 4 p.m. There are several other items on the council's agenda of note, including the introduction of a potential parish-wide smoking ban in public or enclosed places, concerns about the Council on Aging in EBR Parish, and a report on healthcare delivery for inmates in the parish.
WAFB has a crew scheduled to attend the meeting and we will be updating this story throughout the afternoon and evening.
Copyright 2017 WAFB. All rights reserved.
LAUSANNE, Switzerland (AP) — Three more Russian athletes, including an Olympic silver medalist, have filed appeals at the Court of Arbitration for Sport against their sanctions for doping at the 2014 Sochi Games.
The court said the three are biathlete Olga Zaitseva, who won silver in the women's relay, and cross-country skiers Yulia Chekaleva and Anastasia Dotsenko.
The three were disqualified from the Sochi Olympics and banned from all future games last week by the International Olympic Committee. That followed investigations into doping by Russian athletes and tampering with their drug-test samples during the Sochi Games.
CAS has so far registered 25 appeals brought by Russian athletes against disqualifications from the 2014 Olympics.
#BBNaija: Marvis Returns Home To Rousing Welcome
There was celebration in Port Harcourt as Marvis Nkpornwi, runners-up of the recently concluded reality TV show, Big Brother Naija returned to her home in Rivers State. Marvis touched down in Port Hacourt, the capital of Rivers State on Monday along with Bisola and Kemen after appearing on the AY Live show on Sunday. See the…
The post #BBNaija: Marvis Returns Home To Rousing Welcome appeared first on The Herald Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Transcript for 53 children have died from the flu this winter: CDC
Next to new numbers late today from the CDC, and they are concerning, especially when it comes to children and this deadly flu. Take a look tonight. All those states in red right there, reporting high flu activity, three more added just this week. 42 states now, and 16 more children dying in the past week alone. 53 children lost this season, nearly double this time last queer. Tonight, a warning for parents from the parents who have been through this. Here's ABC's Steve osunsami at the CDC. Reporter: Just when they thought they were about to lose their son to the flu -- Hi, Jackson. Hi, honey. Reporter: This 7-year-old west of Des Moines Iowa opened his eyes and tonight for the first time in a week, jackson Ridout is breathing on his own. He went from being okay ten his deathbed possibly. It's a nasty, nasty virus. Reporter: The numbers tonight from the CDC are alarming 16 more children have died from the flu, so far 53 children this winter. Jackson wasn't vaccinated. His mother wishes she had gotten him a flu shot, but he was sick at the time. This is not something that anyone should ever have to go through, all because of the flu. Reporter: Overall, health officials say the flu is hospitalizing more Americans than ever before. Tonight, about 1 out of every 14 visits to doctors and clinics are for fever, cough and other symptoms of the flu. Doctors warn parents of sick children that if your child gets better and then gets worse, run back to the emergency room. Warning signs of things taking a turn for the worse would be difficulty breathing, a persistent or spike in the fever or being lethargic or difficult to wake up. Those are scary signs for a parent and a reason to call for for the doctor. So let's get to Steve. He is live at the CDC in Atlanta again tonight for us, and the CDC is saying those early results from Canada suggesting that the flu shot is not terribly effective against the most common strain. Might be on the right track, Steve? Reporter: That's right, David, and the Australians are saying the same thing, but the CDC is still saying that the flu shot still helps. That if you get the flu shot and you get sick, your illness will be less severe, David.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
During the ninth annual World Cultural Fair, students gathered at Manchester Plaza to celebrate culture, cuisine and choreographed routines representing countries from around the world.
Taking place on Sept. 22 from 5:30 p.m. to 8 p.m., this event was planned by the Intercultural Center (IC).
“The goal of the World Cultural Festival event is to showcase the variety of culture that Wake Forest has to offer,” IC program coordinator Ja'Mahl McDaniel said. “Each year the event has given space to many culturally-based students organizations, departments and local partners to share their talents with our Wake community.”
In order to promote a cross-cultural experience at the fair, students were able to freely sample food representative of multiple different countries and regions. Ranging from the Caribbean to Mediterranean food, tables were filled with savory dishes and sweet desserts such as vegetable korma from India and baklava from the Middle East.
To pair with the culturally-distinct meals, international student groups also gathered on the plaza to promote awareness of their culture and membership. The clubs present included the South Asian Student Coalition and the African and Caribbean Student Association (AFRICASA), to name a few. Along with student groups, the French, Spanish and Italian departments were present.
While attendees learned about different student groups and enjoyed the various food stations, the IC presented a series of performances from different groups on campus. These included, but were not limited to, a salsa routine from Ritmo Latino, a dance group that celebrates Latin culture, an “Afro-rhythmic” performance from AFRICASA and a series of spoken word poems from Can-I-Poet addressing cultural identity. One of the two speakers, freshman Cassie Ball, shared a piece titled “Grandfather Says.”
“[This piece is] about how a lot of times we look for culture in faraway places, but sometimes culture is right in our own home,” Ball said.
The Momentum dance crew, an all-inclusive dance group on campus, also performed two numbers for the crowd.
“I enjoyed performing in front of my peers and feeling supported at Wake Forest,” freshman Hannah Schmidt said. “It was an honor to be given the opportunity to perform alongside the other talented dance groups on campus. Everyone is extremely supportive of one another and it creates a special bond between the dancers.”
In between student performances, professional performer Marcos Napa took the stage to perform and discuss Afro-Peruvian dance and music, a popular genre in Peru. He introduced an array of musical instruments specific to Peruvian culture, and interacted with the crowd to teach dance techniques.
In tandem with the performances throughout the event, the IC provided multiple other activities for entertainment. To promote visitation of the different student organizations, the IC provided students with a “passport.” Once it was signed by all six stations, they would be placed in the running to win a raffle. Guests could also play games such as “Name that Country,” take photos in the photobooth, and get a professional henna tattoo.
“The Intercultural Center hopes that participants of the event learned about traditions and cultures that are cherished by our students. Each performance and table showcased a small piece of passion which we hope is appreciated by the crowd,” McDaniel said.
Tinubu Bans APC Chairman, Others From Seeking Re-election in Lagos
The Lagos State chapter of the Progressives Congress on Tuesday banned members who had spent a minimum of eight years as a ward, council and state executive members from seeking re-election in its May congresses.
The National Leader of the party, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu announced the ban in Ikeja while addressing party members at a stakeholders meeting.
He said the decision was to allow fresh people to occupy party offices at the ward, local government and state levels with a view to taking the APC to the next level in the state.
The News Agency of Nigeria reports that the national leadership of the party had recently fixed May 2,5, 9 and 14 for ward, local government, state and national congresses respectively.
The decision of the party to allow congresses followed appeals by President Muhammadu Buhari who had opposed the approval of tenure elongation for party executives at all levels.
With Tuesday's pronouncement by Tinubu, the chairman of the party in the state, Chief Henry Ajomale, who had led the chapter for a very long period, will be unable to seek re-election.
Tinubu said at the meeting: “We fought hard against tenure elongation, and now we are going to have our congresses.
“Some of you who have spent two, three, four terms as ward, local government and state executive members, it is time to go.
“We thank you, we appreciate you. But we want you to step aside. It is time for those who have been crawling for years to walk. It is time for the youths to take over.
“I mean if you have spent eight years, twelve years, you have tried. You should give us chance, let us now have new people.”
Tinubu, however, said party executive members who had only spent one term were free to seek re-election, provided they did not have records of misconduct in office.
NAN
_______ Follow us on Twitter at @thesignalng Copyright 2018 SIGNAL. Permission to use portions of this article is granted provided appropriate credits are given to www.signalng.com and other relevant sources.
The post Tinubu Bans APC Chairman, Others From Seeking Re-election in Lagos appeared first on SIGNAL.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from SIGNAL. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
One of the victims, who was not identified, told Rai News24 from his hospital bed that he feared being killed as the attacker fired. He lifted a sheet to show his leg, wrapped in bandages.
The shootings rattled a nation where such episodes are rare. According to a 2007 study, about 12.9 percent of Italian households have guns.
The rampage came days after the brutal killing of an 18-year-old woman, Pamela Mastropietro, in Macerata, a crime that shook the city of 42,000 people east of Rome.
Ms. Mastropietro's body was found in pieces in two suitcases on Wednesday, and the police arrested a Nigerian man, Innocent Oseghale, the next day. He stands accused of killing her and dismembering her corpse. The arrest quickly became a focal point for anti-migrant sentiments.
On Saturday, officials told reporters there was no indication that Mr. Traini and Ms. Mastropietro had known each other. But Mr. Minniti, the interior minister, said Saturday's shooting “strongly recalls a raid of retaliation — a random, armed retaliation.”
Photo
Macerata's mayor, Romano Carancini, said the connection “may not have been direct, but could be ascribable to the campaign of racial hatred that began after Pamela's death.”
“Nothing so serious had ever happened in Macerata,” at least not in living memory, Mr. Carancini said in a telephone interview about Ms. Mastropietro's killing. “Pamela's death upset and struck a chord in the city,” he said, adding that the racial hatred that followed “filled people with fear.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni told reporters after the shooting that the government would deal “severely” with anyone trying to stoke racist actions. “Hatred and violence won't be able to divide us,” he said.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
There are just over five million foreigners residing legally in Italy, about 8.3 percent of the population of 60 million. Of these, 3.7 million are from outside the European Union.
Immigration is a hotly contested issue in Italy with national elections a little more than a month away. Far-right leaders have tried to capitalize on national unease about the unregulated waves of migrants who have made the perilous crossing of the Mediterranean in recent years.
Last year, 119,000 migrants arrived by sea. Many others have died during the attempt; at least 90 may have drowned on Friday.
Matteo Salvini, the leader of the League political party, which has historically run on an anti-immigrant platform, said on Twitter after Ms. Mastropietro's killing that the suspect “was not running from war; he brought war to Italy.”
“The left has blood on its hands. Expulsions, expulsions, controls and more expulsions,” he wrote.
Italian media reports said that the suspect in the shootings on Saturday had been a League candidate in municipal elections last year in the nearby town of Corridonia. He was not elected.
On Saturday afternoon, a sit-in organized in support of Ms. Mastropietro's family by associations that work with migrants and members of the city's Nigerian community was canceled after the shootings.
“Now we are afraid,” Sammy Kunoun, an organizer, told ANSA.
Man Steals Anniston Police Cruiser
by Rashad Snell
A man has been captured after he allegedly stole an Anniston Police Department car and led officers on a chase.
Anniston Police Chief Shane Denham says the incident happened Sunday evening when a handcuffed suspect in the back of a patrol car manipulated his handcuffs, slipped through the car's glass window divider and got into the driver's seat. The suspect took off and a chase began.
The pursuit went on I-20 westbound and ended at exit 156, near Pell City.
The suspect was arrested. The patrol car had minor damage but no other vehicle damage was reported. Nobody was hurt.
Further information hasn't been released.
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
The race for leadership of the Labor Party is heating up: MK Erel Margalit, who is planning to run for that post against MK Isaac... subscribe now to get the full story Subscribe Log in Haaretz unlimited. Only 1$ for the first month
Actress Lena Dunham, who played the role of Hannah in”Girls”, says her character became a mother in the end of the TV series as they didnt want to have a “traditional romantic partnership”.
The final episode of “Girls” was aired on April 16 night. The show began with Hannah being bratty with her parents and it ended with Hannah becoming a parent herself to a boy named Grover.
“There was always some sense that for Hannah, finality didn't have to do with a traditional romantic partnership, but it did have to do with some kind of partnership,” Dunham told people.com.
“And the most selfless partnership you take on is when you have a child — that's something that seemed like it would be a really interesting thing to see a notoriously selfish person try their hand at,” she added.
Apparently Gregg Jarrett had special access to President Trump on Sunday.
[Via Fox News – Gregg Jarrett exclusive] President Trump may soon issue a pardon for Joe Arpaio, the colorful former Arizona sheriff who was found guilty two weeks ago of criminal contempt for defying a state judge's order to stop traffic patrols targeting suspected undocumented immigrants. In his final years as Maricopa County sheriff, Arpaio had emerged as a leading opponent of illegal immigration.
“I am seriously considering a pardon for Sheriff Arpaio,” the president said Sunday, during a conversation with Fox News at his club in Bedminster, N.J. “He has done a lot in the fight against illegal immigration. He's a great American patriot and I hate to see what has happened to him.”
Trump said the pardon could happen in the next few days, should he decide to do so. (read more)
Advertisements
Lonzo Ball didn't arrive in the NBA as a world traveler. His first family vacation—to Hawaii, as depicted on Facebook's “Ball in the Family”—came just before his rookie season with the Los Angeles Lakers.
But rather than use his road schedule to explore cities across North America, the Crown Prince of Chino Hills prefers to keep his pregame routine simple, consistent and restful.
As long as I get a nap, that's pretty much it,” Ball told NBCLA.com's Shahan Ahmed. “I got to get a nap before games. After shootaround, take a shower, then eat and take a nap.”
Related Lonzo Ball naps way more than you do
Per Ahmed, Zo knocks out for two to four hours before tipoff, pending the Lakers' shootaround and film watching schedule. The bitter winter cold in most NBA cities doesn't seem particularly conducive to change in that regard:
After pointing out that the cold is what stands out most to him about the road, Ball shares that he prefers staying indoors, rather than venturing into the winter cold to sight-see. Instead, he naps until it's time for the bus to take him to the arena.
Ball, then, might simply hibernate on game days. Perhaps he'll be more inclined to explore his road surroundings once the weather warms up.
YPSILANTI, Mich. (AP) — Jordan Dartis scored a career-high 26 points and made all 12 of his free throws, Jason Carter had 11 points and 14 rebounds and Ohio held off a late Eastern Michigan rally for a 79-71 win Tuesday night.
Jordan Nobles' layup brought Eastern Michigan to within 71-63 with 45 seconds left. The Eagles' Ty Toney and Willie Mangum IV each hit 3s and Nobles added a layup in a 19-second stretch to cut the deficit to 75-71, but they couldn't get closer.
Ohio (16-8, 8-5 Mid-American) led 52-51 with 6:29 left before the Bobcats went on a 17-5 run over five minutes for a 69-56 lead.
Mike Laster scored 16 points and Kenny Kaminski added 13 for the Bobcats, which shot just 19 for 48 from the field but were 33 for 42 from the foul line.
Mangum led Eastern Michigan (13-13, 5-8) with 19 points. Toney added 16 and James Thompson IV had 14 points and 12 rebounds.
Comments
comments
Touchstone Pictures/Uproxx
It seems like every time you visit your favorite watering hole, the same bartenders are there. It's almost like they don't even go home or take a break, right? Well, bartenders aren't superhuman cyborgs from the future bent on global domination who don't require sleep, rest, and relaxation. Just like you, they need a break or a day off every now and then. And just because they mix up drinks all day, that doesn't mean they don't enjoy throwing back a few cocktails in their time off. This is especially true on a sunny, warm, summer day. That's why we asked ten bartenders to tell us what they like to drink on those rare occasions they aren't standing behind the bar concocting your favorite cocktails.
Zach Rivera, Beverage Director at Headquarters Beercade in Chicago and Nashville
Shutterstock
“My favorite (on a warm day) and also the most annoying to make is probably a mojito. It's refreshing, delicious, and easy to drink.”
Tara Shadzi, Lead Bartender at BOA Steakhouse in Santa Monica, California
Shutterstock
“The best cocktail to drink outside in the Southern California sunshine has got to be the pina colada. Yes, it's overplayed, but so delicious. Try it with real coconut, aged Zacapa rum, pineapple, and agave. Or better yet, try the mescal BOA version called the “Fire and Smoke.” A smoky, spicy, pineapple mescal drink is just calling your name for a summer patio happy hour session.”
Nashville Predators' players react after their 2-0 loss to the Pittsburgh Penguins in Game 6 of the NHL hockey Stanley Cup Final, Sunday, June 11, 2017, in Nashville, Tenn. (AP Photo/Jeff Roberson)
NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) -- General manager David Poile believes the Nashville Predators wiped away two lingering notions with their run to the franchise's first Stanley Cup Final.
The mantle as an expansion team? Ditched forever 20 years after the NHL granted Nashville a franchise.
The label of Nashville as a nontraditional hockey market? Erased by the tens of thousands of fans who filled the streets watching, cheering and celebrating hockey in a party that Poile thinks other teams - and sports - will try to copy.
That leaves Poile and the Predators focused on winning the Stanley Cup.
''We have a team that can compete for the Stanley Cup, and we have a franchise that in my mind is as good as any in the hockey world.''
The Predators were the last team into the postseason with 94 points and became only the third team seeded last in its conference to reach the Stanley Cup Final since the NHL went to its conference-based playoff format in 1994. But this is a very young roster with goaltender Pekka Rinne (34) and captain Mike Fisher (37) the oldest mainstays.
All-Star P.K. Subban is the oldest of Nashville's top four defensemen, and the top line is Filip Forsberg (22), Ryan Johansen and Viktor Arvidsson, both 24.
''We'll do everything we can to get back to this position next year,'' Poile said.
Here are some things to know about the Predators this offseason:
QUICK WHISTLES AND OFFSIDE
Poile said he was frustrated over Colton Sissons' goal not being allowed due to a quick whistle. He said he is disappointed that the system doesn't allow the goal to count and that he will do everything he can move forward to improve the league's system to correctly count goals. The system may not get every call right, but Poile said they should move closer to 100 percent than 50-50.
''We as managers, the gatekeepers of the game, we have to put in place a system where the right call is always made. Everybody knows the goal should have counted, but the system was not there to allow the goal to be counted,'' Poile said.
ROSTER ISSUES
Fisher is one of five unrestricted free agents and someone the Predators want back. Poile said Wednesday they haven't started talking to the center. Fisher says he needs to pray about his future with faith, family and then hockey key in whether he returns.
Johansen is one of three key restricted free agents with Arvidsson and Austin Watson. Johansen blossomed this season tying Arvidsson with a team-high 61 points and tied for third with 13 points despite missing the final eight games this postseason injured. Johansen and Arvidsson share an agent, and Poile said the Predators will be talking in Chicago at the draft.
VEGAS
Poile has to submit a plan Saturday on which players to protect from the Golden Knights' expansion draft June 21. Neal, due $5 million next season, along with Colin Wilson and Craig Smith, could be options for that clear salary cap space as well.
INJURIES
Poile said Neal, who scored six goals this postseason, broke his hand in Game 1 of the Western Conference finals against Anaheim. Neal didn't miss a game, though Poile noted the forward didn't shoot pucks during practice after that. Neal did score two goals after the injury. Smith had a high ankle sprain that limited him to eight games, while Wilson played 13 games despite a hamstring injury.
But defenseman Ryan Ellis, who played in Game 6 despite being injured, needs more evaluation. Poile said the team will share an update likely next week.
Johansen said Tuesday he expects to be cleared to start skating in a couple weeks after needing season-ending surgery for acute compartment syndrome in his left thigh after Game 4 of the Western finals on May 18. Poile said forward Kevin Fiala, who broke his left leg in the opener of the second round against St. Louis, also is ahead of schedule in his recovery.
---
More AP NHL: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
Highway 6 is blocked to southbound traffic at the Nachshonim Interchange, following an accident.
The police are directing traffic there. Drivers are advised to take alternate routes.
The decision, taken at a meeting of the National Security Council (MGK) chaired by Erdoğan, to recommend its extension comes two days before the emergency was due to end and a day after Turkish voters approved constitutional changes boosting Erdoğan's powers.
“To ensure the continuity of measures for the protection of democracy, rule of law principles as well as rights and freedoms, a decision was made to recommend extending the state of emergency,” the MGK said in a statement, quoted by NTV.
The state of emergency has been renewed twice before, in October and January, after it was first declared on July 20, five days after the attempted putsch.
The decision now needs to be rubber-stamped by the Turkish cabinet to come into force. The cabinet is due to meet after the MGK meeting.
During the state of emergency, over 47,000 people have been arrested on suspicion of links to the coup while tens of thousands more people working in the public sector have been dismissed or suspended from their jobs.
Many are academics, police officers, journalists, teachers as well as judges and prosecutors. The crackdown has been heavily criticised by Turkey's Western allies.
In Sunday's referendum, over 51 percent voted in support of changes that will axe the role of premier and allow the president to appoint ministers.
AFCON 2017: Liverpool's Mane in strong Senegal squad
Senegal is among the favourites for the January 14-February 5 tournaments in Gabon.
Senegal will begin plotting their assault on the Africa Cup of Nations when a squad boasting the likes of Liverpool winger Sadio Mane gathers in the capital Dakar from Monday.
Senegal is among the favourites for the January 14-February 5 tournaments in Gabon and coach Aliou Cisse has named a strong 23-man squad packed with players from clubs all over Europe, particularly the English Premier League.
Mane will be a big miss for Liverpool in the Premier League title race, while other Senegal stars include forward Keita Balde of Lazio and highly rated central defender Kalidou Koulibaly of Napoli.
Coach Cisse has largely kept faith with the squad that completed their Cup of Nations qualifiers with a perfect six wins from six games.
The highly fancied squad will meet in Dakar from Monday to Thursday before going on to their camp in Congo's capital Brazzaville, Senegalese media said.
Along with Senegal in Group B are Tunisia, Zimbabwe and Algeria.
Senegal squad:
Goalkeepers: Abdoulaye Diallo (Caykur Rizespor/TUR), Khadim Ndiaye (Horoya AC/GUI), Pape Seydou Ndiaye (NGB Niary Tally/SEN)
Defenders: Lamine Gassama (Alanyaspor/TUR), Kara Mbodj (Anderlecht/BEL), Zargo Toure (Lorient/ FRA), Kalidou Koulibaly (Napoli/ITA), Saliou Ciss (Valenciennes/FRA), Cheikh Mbengue (Saint-Etienne/FRA)
Midfielders: Idrissa Gueye (Everton/ENG), Cheikhou Kouyate (West Ham/ENG), Cheikh Ndoye (Angers/FRA), Pape Kouly Diop (Espanyol/ESP), Pape Alioune Ndiaye (Osmanlispor/TUR), Mohamed Diame (Newcastle/ENG), Henri Saivet (Saint-Etienne/FRA)
Forwards: Moussa Konate (FC Sion/SUI), Famara Diedhiou (Angers/FRA), Moussa Sow (Fenerbahce/TUR), Mame Biram Diouf (Stoke City/ENG), Sadio Mane (Liverpool/ENG), Keita Balde (Lazio/ITA), Ismaila Sarr (Metz/FRA)
This post was syndicated from pulse.ng - Nigeria's entertainment & lifestyle platform online. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Busted! We've Returned Abacha Loot To Nigeria, With Interest – Switzerland (See How Much)
The Swisss Govt. has stated that the Money looted by the Ex Head of State has been refunded with Interest. See How Abacha Loot Switzerland Returned To Nigeria.
This super post – Busted! We've Returned Abacha Loot To Nigeria, With Interest – Switzerland (See How Much) appeared first on MYNAIJAINFO. Read Full Post >> myNAIJAinfo!.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from myNAIJAinfo!. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Sokoto Government denies paying Alfas N91million to pray for Buhari
The Sokoto State Government has denied that Governor Aminu Tambuwal paid N91million to 90 Islamic clerics popularly known as Alfas, to pray for President Muhammadu Buhari in Mecca. Tambuwal's spokesman, Imam Imam, said the reports were “untrue and misleading”. He quoted the story published by PM News on Twitter and wrote: “Very very untrue and […]
Sokoto Government denies paying Alfas N91million to pray for Buhari
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
DeMario Jackson is speaking out about the controversy surrounding the Bachelor in Paradise shutdown, after production on the reality show's fourth season came to a halt amid "allegations of misconduct."
A source close to Paradise told ET that the show's suspension came after a producer became uncomfortable when Jackson and fellow Paradise castmember Corinne Olympios allegedly starting hooking up in the pool after the cast had been "drinking all day."
WATCH: 'Bachelor in Paradise' Scandal: Everything We Know So Far
"It's unfortunate that my character and family name has been assassinated this past week with false claims and malicious allegations," the 30-year-old reality star said in a statement released by his publicist, Eve Sarkisyan-Nunn, to ET on Wednesday.
"I will be taking swift and appropriate legal action until my name is cleared and, per the advice of legal counsel, will be seeking all available remedies entitled to me under the laws," Jackson's statement continued.
WATCH: 'Bachelor in Paradise' Alums React to Show Suspending Production Amid Controversy
On Tuesday, Olympios told ET in statement, "Although I have little memory of that night, something bad obviously took place, which I understand is why production on the show has now been suspended and a producer on the show has filed a complaint against the production."
The reality star went on to explain that she had retained legal representation to ensure that what happened "comes to light and I can continue my life, including hiring an attorney to obtain justice and seeking therapy to begin dealing with the physical and emotional trauma stemming from that evening."
Olympios has hired powerhouse attorney Marty Singer, who has dealt with many high-profile celebrity cases in the past.
WATCH: How 'Bachelor in Paradise' Scandal May Have Spoiled Rachel Lindsay's 'Bachelorette' Season
As ET previously reported, a source at the time told ET, "Corinne says she doesn't remember much of anything… After the incident with DeMario and Corinne, some producers were gone the next day and nobody knew why."
An additional source told ET that Jackson was also heavily intoxicated at the time.
For now, the incident remains under investigation by the production company. No further information regarding the nature of the stated allegations of misconduct has been released.
For more on the controversy surrounding this season of Bachelor in Paradise, check out the video below.
Related Articles
Nobody ever complained about having too many laughs, especially when comedian Mike Delamont comes to town.
Not only does the Victoria-based Fringe artist known for his God is a Scottish Drag Queen series have a new show at London Fringe – Hell Yeah! An Evening With The Devil at the Palace Theatre, but he's also headlining at Yuk Yuk's at Western Fair District Friday and Saturday.
Both shows start at 8 p.m. with MC Patrick Coppolino and opener Dom Pare. Tickets are $19.92 (plus tax and service charges), available at the door at 900 King St, online at yukyuks.com, or by calling 519-936-2309.
Pope Francis has exhorted Catholic bishops worldwide to do what's needed to ensure children are protected from sexual abuse by clergy.
The Vatican on Monday released the text of a Dec. 28 letter Francis sent to bishops about injustices to children. They included slave labor, malnutrition, lack of education and sexual exploitation, including abuse by priests.
In the letter, Francis decried "the sufferings, the experiences and pain of minors who were abused sexually by priests."
"It is a sin that shames us," the pope wrote. "Persons responsible for the protection of those children destroyed their dignity."
The church's reputation has been stained in several countries during the last decade-and-a-half as people have come forward to report that parish priests or other Catholic clergy raped or molested them as minors.
The allegations showed that local bishops sometimes knew about and covered up child sex abuse involving problem priests and triggered multi-million-dollar lawsuits, as well as several criminal prosecutions.
Expressing the church's "regret," and begging forgiveness, the pope denounced the "sin of what happened, the sin of failing to help, the sin of covering up and denial, the sin of the abuse of power."
Francis also asked bishops for "complete commitment to ensuring that these atrocities will no longer take place in our midst."
"Let us find the courage needed to take all necessary measures and to protect in every way the lives of our children, so that such crimes may never be repeated," the pope said. "In this area, let us adhere, clearly and faithfully, to 'zero tolerance.'"
The pontiff himself has gotten mixed reviews on how the Vatican handles sex abuse.
Francis has laid out procedures to oust bishops for negligence, if they mishandle investigations into alleged abuse.
But he dismayed advocates for abuse survivors by appointing a Chilean bishop accused of covering up for a notorious pedophile.
The Vatican also took no immediate action after deaf students in Francis' native Argentina, in a 2014 letter to the pope, said a priest sexually abused them at school.
We all like praise, but a hike in our pay is the best kind of ways.
NEW YORK (AP) — Tennessee moves back into the top 10 after a big win while UConn continues to be No. 1 in The Associated Press women's basketball poll.
The Lady Vols (10-0) knocked off then-No. 2 Texas on Sunday and climbed four spots to seventh in the Top 25 on Monday. Tennessee, which was a perennial top team in the sport, hasn't been among the first 10 teams in the poll since Nov. 30, 2015. The Longhorns dropped six spots to eighth.
Both teams are chasing the Huskies (8-0), who routed DePaul in their only game this past week. UConn received all 32 first place votes from a national media panel. The Huskies, like many other teams, are off for exams this week.
Notre Dame, Louisville, Mississippi State and South Carolina follow UConn. Baylor, Tennessee, Texas, Oregon and West Virginia round out the first 10.
Iowa (10-1) entered the Top 25 for the first time since 2015, coming in at No. 25. Kentucky fell out.
Other poll tidbits:
OKLAHOMA BLUES: UCLA and South Florida slipped up this week losing at Oklahoma State and Oklahoma respectively. The Bruins dropped four spots to No. 11 while the Bulls fell six places to No. 22. UCLA has a two-game eastern swing at Seton Hall and Fordham coming up before beginning Pac-12 play.
SURGING WILDCATS: No. 20 Villanova is off to its best start since the 1979-80 season, winning its first nine games. The Wildcats held off Temple down the stretch on Sunday, winning 69-65 to equal the squad's mark from 38 years ago. Villanova has its best ranking since Jan. 12, 2004 when the team was 19th.
SHE SAID IT: "If that was the No. 2 team in the country, where do we stand now?" Tennessee senior Mercedes Russell asked after the win over Texas. "82-75. There's your answer right there."
BIG GAMES: There are two games this week between ranked teams as No. 9 Oregon visits sixth-ranked Mississippi State on Wednesday. The 12th-ranked Florida State Seminoles visit No. 8 Texas on Sunday.
___
See the full poll: https://collegebasketball.ap.org/ap-womens-basketball-poll-week-6-0
___
Follow Doug on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/dougfeinberg
By KEN SWEET
AP Business Writer
NEW YORK (AP) - In Washington, even a name change is fraught with political drama.
The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is pushing to be referred to as the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection, a surface level, but notable change for the agency tasked with protecting consumers against debt collectors and banks.
Officials say the change reflects the bureau's legal name, but critics say it underscores the abrupt ideological turn the bureau has taken since Trump-appointee Mick Mulvaney took over. The 2010 Dodd-Frank Act did create a "Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection" but that name has rarely been used, except occasionally in court filings.
Under Mulvaney, the bureau has proposed revisiting the regulations and policies the Obama administration put in place, and has also reduced the number of enforcement actions it has taken.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
ISSAQUAH, Wash. — Costco Wholesale Corp. on Friday announced that Hamilton (Tony) James has been elected company chairman. He replaces Costco co-founder Jeff Brotman, who died earlier this month.
James is president and chief operating officer of the Blackstone Group L.P., and a member of the board of directors of its general partner, Blackstone Group Management L.L.C. He is also a member of Blackstone's management committee and sits on each of the firm's investment committees. James has been a director of Costco since August 1988 and has been its lead independent director since 2005.
Costco currently operates 737 warehouses, including 512 in the United States and Puerto Rico, 97 in Canada, 37 in Mexico, 28 in the United Kingdom, 25 in Japan, 13 in Korea, 13 in Taiwan, eight in Australia, two in Spain, one in Iceland and one in France. Costco also operates electronic commerce web sites in the U.S., Canada, the United Kingdom, Mexico, Korea and Taiwan.
Cublington's girls cricket team rounded off a brilliant debut season by being crowned Aylesbury District champions. Not only that, but they did so going unbeaten.
The young women of Cublington CC have been on a short but highly successful journey. The team having only been formed at the beginning of last season with just a few enthusiastic girls but with a great spirit and determination have become a force in the game in a very short time.
Having competed the regular league season winning every game in the North Division the ADL Final was competed against Bledlow Village, winners of the South Division.
The ADL Cup was secured with another outstanding performance from the girls, not only the first ever girls team to represent Cublington in a league season but also the first all-girl team to win the trophy.
Despite being extremely nervous with anticipation, the game was in fact won comfortably by a margin of 38 runs.
Batting first, Cublington put in a very solid performance with Isabella Kench and Tasha Beckett top scoring.
However, as had been the case all season, it was the outstanding bowling from the girls that secured victory.
Cublington have proven to be a phenominal bowling unit and a spirited Bledlow Village team never looked like coping with the assault.
Cublington took nine Bledlow wickets with Lara Sparke conceding only nine runs from her fours overs, while and Isabella Kench took three wickets in a similarly impressive spell.
The fielding was really sharp throughout the team and in Lizzie Knott the side has an outstanding wicket keeper who sets the tone.
But while the team are breaking all records put in front of them, the team is always on the lookout for new players to play, with previous experience necessary.
If you are interested in joining, please contact Gordon Sparke – g.sparke@btinternet.com.
PARIS (AP) — Several U.S.-based climate scientists are about to win multi-year, all-expenses-paid grants to relocate to France.
The "Make Our Planet Great Again" grants are an effort by French President Emmanuel Macron to counter U.S. President Donald Trump on the climate change front. Macron announced a competition for the grants hours after Trump declared he would withdraw the U.S. from the global accord reached in Paris in 2015 to reduce climate-damaging emissions.
Macron is unveiling the winners Monday evening ahead of a climate summit Tuesday aimed at giving new impetus to the Paris accord and finding new funding to help governments and businesses meet its goals.
More than 50 world leaders are expected in Paris for the "One Planet Summit," co-hosted by the U.N. and the World Bank. Trump was not invited.
Amazon, which operates Lovefilm By Post, is predictably pushing subscribers in the direction of Prime Video, and is sweetening the deal with £15 off the cost of a Fire TV Stick. DVD and Blu-ray rentals will still be available up until the end of October, though, and Amazon won't be billing subscribers for that final month. The service is also shutting down in Germany, the only other European country it still serves, on the same day.
I guess it's been a long time coming but @lovefilm by post service to close 31st October pic.twitter.com/Vq1rpFX0l1 — Robertie (@Clert) August 14, 2017
In a way, Lovefilm is partly responsible for the demise of its own postal option. Many moons ago, Lovefilm used to run a streaming service in parallel with its rental offering. It became a relatively big player through various acquisitions, even relieving Amazon of its DVD rental arm in 2008. The house that Bezos built returned the favour in 2011, purchasing Lovefilm in its entirety. A few years later, the streaming side of things was absorbed into Amazon Prime Video, making the rental service a separate subscription and the last thing bearing the Lovefilm name.
The idea of getting your movie fix by post might seem seriously old fashioned now, but the demise of Lovefilm actually leaves something of a hole in the market. There's a reason streaming services like Netflix don't carry the latest titles. Studios want to make sure they're squeezing as much money as they can out of new films through purchases and rentals before selling blanket streaming licenses. You can buy digital copies of movies as soon as they are released on DVD/Blu-ray, or pay a couple of quid to rent them for a watch or two.
Lovefilm By Post, however, was an unlimited service. The top, £12 per month tier (£10 for Prime subscribers, naturally) offered unlimited rentals, which is something that simply isn't replicated by streaming services these days -- the way streaming licences work makes this impossible. It was inevitable Lovefilm By Post wasn't going to be viable forever, but come October 31st, we're not just losing a forgotten rental service, but the last unlimited movie subscription of its kind.
Centre may file a review petition challenging certain paragraphs of the Supreme Court's verdict on the tussle of power between the L-G and elected government of Delhi. According to a senior government functionary quoted in the report, today the Supreme Court merely reiterated the special status of Delhi
Centre may file a review petition challenging certain paragraphs of the Supreme Court's verdict on the tussle of power between the L-G and elected government of Delhi.
After the Supreme Court delivered a landmark verdict on the tussle of power between the L-G and elected government of Delhi, Centre contested the AAP's claim of victory and may file a review petition according to a report on Hindustan Times.
According to a senior government functionary quoted in the report, today the Supreme Court merely reiterated the special status of Delhi and the fact that L-G was not like any other governors of other states but has special powers.
As per the senior functionary, the AAP's contention that Delhi is like any other state and the governor like any other governors has been rejected by the Supreme Court.
Supreme Court upheld,”Delhi's special status as a territory and that it is not a state in the conventional sense. The LG still has the right to reserve decisions (taken by the Delhi government) for consideration by the President,” the official was quoted as saying.
According to the official, the L-G will not be able to refer Delhi government's decision without giving reasons but he can stall the decisions referring them to the President.
Law and order, police and land are stated by the Supreme Court to be outside the purview of the Delhi government underlining the fact that Delhi cannot be a full state.
After the judgement, Home Minister Rajnath Singh said that Centre will study the verdict and then react. According to the officials quoted by Hindustan Times, MHA is yet to take a decision on whether to approach the court against the decision as certain paragraphs in the decision are contentious and could be challenged.
As per the officials, the Supreme Court only interpreted Article 239 AA which deals with the National Capital Territory, but this Article has to be read in tandem with the General Clauses Act which defines a union territory with or without a legislature.
After today's judgement, there are a total of 9 petitions before it, 7 filed by the AAP and 2 by the L-G, which will be dealt with by regular benches.
For all the latest National News, download NewsX App
Read More
You're almost there.We've just sent a confirmation email to . Check it out to confirm your registration.
We are unable to send your welcome email at this time.
Please try again later by clicking the resend welcome email link from your profile page.
The List: Astrology and America
We happen to be big fans of astrologer Rob Brezsny, who has been gracing the pages of The Pulse for many years now.
Rob is an incredibly talented and creative writer and one of our most popular contributors, even with people who don't believe in astrology.
That said, we decided to touch base with our friends at the Statistic Brain Research Institute to get some facts and figure about astrology.
Percent of astrology readers that are women: 75%
Percent of Americans that believe in astrology: 33%
Total number of professional astrologers in the U.S: 7,000
Most common astrological sign: Scorpio (9.6%)
Least common astrological sign: Aquarius (6.3%)
Number of zodiac signs in the original zodiac calendar: 18
Number of websites that come when searching “astrology” on Google: 33,300,000.
So whether you believe or not, it's still one of the best icebreakers around: “What's your sign?”
Source: statisticbrain.com/zodiac-sign-statistics/
quigley ford 5X20x50 in 22.250 cal. New in the box Quigley Ford Long Range Rifle scope, sorry no rings. Has 30 MM tube! Calibrated for 22.250, 50 grain bullets.
Retail price $1499.00 Canadian; selling for best offer.
Phone 519-784-2996 Ontario, Canada Attached Thumbnails - Click to View Larger
Chris is joined by Wanda Taylor of the Whistle stop Deli to show off the delicious sandwiches you can eat!
Wanda shows us some of the sweets.
SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — The Latest on reactions to President Donald Trump's State of the Union address (all times local):
6:50 p.m.
South Korean analysts say President Donald Trump's fiery comments on North Korea reflected confidence that his campaign of pressure and sanctions on the country is working.
Experts say it also means Washington will continue to deny Pyongyang meaningful dialogue unless it's willing to discuss serious changes to its nuclear weapons program and human rights conditions.
Du Hyeogn Cha, a visiting scholar at Seoul's Asan Institute for Policy Studies, says for North Korea, it has to hurt that Trump declared the country as a regime that cannot co-exist with the founding values of the United States.
Koh Yu-hwan, a North Korea expert at Seoul's Dongguk University and a security adviser to South Korea's presidential office, says Trump likely saw North Korea's outreach over the Pyeongchang Winter Olympics as a clear sign that pressure and sanctions are working.
Delta doles out N2.1m assistance to flood, thunderstorm victims
ASABA—DELTA State Government have provided relief assistance amounting to N2.1 million to eight victims of the May 30, 2017 Asaba and Ikpanam Road flood and other disasters.
Presenting the relief assistance to victims, Commissioner, Bureau for Special Duties, Mr Ernest Ogwezzy, said that the gesture was not in any way to compensate the victims for loss suffered, adding that it was a way of identifying with them and cushioning the effect on them of the disasters.
He said the state governor, Senator Ifeanyi Okowa had directed that the victims be visited and provided with relief assistance with a view to ameliorating their plight hence the visit.
In her remarks, Director, State Emergency Management Agency, Mrs Gladys Puegreen, expressed optimism that the assistance will go a long way in alleviating the suffering of the victims.
Theresa Iwediunor, a victim of thunderstorm disaster in Igbodo, Ika North East Local Government Area of the state and Mr Matthew Felix, whose laundry shop was gutted by fire in Asaba were amongst beneficiaries of the gesture.
The post Delta doles out N2.1m assistance to flood, thunderstorm victims appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The True Story Of Zenith Bank Owerri Robbery; Why Sgt. Chukwudi Iboko Ran Out
A more revealing account of the armed robbery at Zenith Bank along Wetheral Road, behind Dan Anyiam Stadium in Owerri, Imo state on February 22, 2017 has surfaced online.
Sergeant Chukwudi Iboko (who is now being celebrated for his gallantry) killed one of the robbers but he died as a result of bullet wounds the second day.
Kissinger Ikeokwu, a facebook user who says he got the true story from
This post was syndicated from Cambells Blog - Nigerian News Today, Top Headlines | Naija Music Download. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Saturday, April 14 from 2-5 at The Center for Mindful Living there will be a Mindful Dating workshop. Instead of looking outside for approval, turn dating into an opportunity to tune into yourself, becoming more aware and able to respond from a place of authenticity and peace. Turn dating angst into mindful curiosity. Register online at www.centermindfulliving.org (April Events).
Mayor Sharon Weston Broome will hold a news conference Monday morning to discuss a major early childhood program being launched by her administration.
The news conference is scheduled to start at 10:30 a.m. On a mobile device? Click here to watch live
Broome said the program is part of her ongoing commitment to education at all stages.
Copyright 2017 WAFB. All rights reserved.
"The more bodies I saw, I realized that I have to give an outlet for people to mourn — and express my own sorrow as well. So I just grabbed some supplies and basically set out this memorial."
It didn't take much to encourage others to write their own messages. When the posters were filled, Goulich says friends brought more, and then people started bringing their own supplies — paper, markers, flowers and stuffed toys.
He says some people have also left food and water for anyone that needs it.
"And now this grew into something very beautiful and very different," he says.
Meanwhile, about half a block away at her shop called the Secret Garden, Liu spent the day offering free flowers to members of her stunned community.
She estimates she's given out hundreds of single stems of roses, lilies, carnations and gerberas since the morning. The 34-year-old suspects many ended up at the impromptu memorial.
"We'd just like to help a little. We cannot do anything for now but we have flowers for the people working on Yonge Street. There are lots of people," says Liu. She has owned the store for a year, but the shop has been part of the community for about 30 years, she adds.
"It lets them feel warm and everyone can come together — that helps. I feel good after doing something like this. I think the whole community is really, really strong."
Alek Minassian, 25, has been charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 counts of attempted murder. Police said a 14th attempted murder charge was expected before the end of the day.
By Cassandra Szklarski, The Canadian Press
Three-time U.S. Olympic ski racer Steven Nyman will miss the Pyeonchang Games after tearing a ligament in his right knee during downhill training almost a year to the day after injuring his left knee on the same mountain.
He sustained the season-ending injury to his right ACL during preparation in Garmisch-Partenkirchen, Germany, before the final pre-Olympic World Cup downhill last week, the U.S. Ski and Snowboard announced Monday.
"That didn't go as planned," Nyman wrote in an Instagram post Monday saying he already had ligament surgery. "After an uneventful fall in Garmisch three days ago my knee hurt but I thought I would be fine. I later learned I tore my ACL on my right leg! It was 364 days from my big crash last year."
Nyman, who will turn 36 in February, added he has "all intention" to be able to return to competition for the 2019 world championships.
In January 2017, the 6-foot-4 Nyman was hurt in downhill practice on the same Kandahar course. He had been having the fastest run of the day until he crashed off a jump and tore three ligaments in his left knee, then was airlifted off the course.
This time, he went into the safety netting lining the slope but pulled himself up and was able to ski the rest of the way down the mountain.
"I think I pushed too hard and just kind of did the splits. It was weird," Nyman told the AP after his fall last week.
Nyman has won three World Cup downhill races and reached the podium eight other times. He came in third in the Olympic downhill test event in South Korea in February 2016.
As he worked his way back this season, his best showing in a downhill was 15th place in Kitzbuehel, Austria, this month.
He said he was looking forward to "trying to contend for a medal" at the Olympics, which start Feb. 9.
Nyman, who is from Utah, is the captain of the U.S. downhill team and was fourth in that event at the 2015 world championships. His top showing in the Olympics was 19th in the downhill at the 2006 Turin Games.
"He's the leader of our family," U.S. men's Alpine head coach Sasha Rearick said. "He's been the leader of the downhillers for a long time."
___
More AP Olympic coverage: https://wintergames.ap.org/
Retired engineer and Quality Assurance Manager, Neil Blues, is among many who are perplexed at the current testing of the Cowes floating bridge.
He claims in a letter sent today to Cabinet member for Transport, Cllr Ian Ward, that the testing is taking place without the correct weight on board, nor during the worst conditions for the floating bridge.
He claims the testing that is being carried out by engineers will prove nothing of worth.
Why it's pointless
Neil's letter to Cllr Ward reads,
Dear Ian, As a retired Quality Assurance Manager and engineer, I have to inform you that the current test loading of the floating bridge is not likely to prove anything of worth. There is a concept called “Boundary Testing” in engineering that your test people should be following. It mandates testing at the boundaries of the specification i.e minimum value, nominal value, maximum value and over the maximum value. There are statements for the mass of various objects within the Replacement Floating Bridge Technical Specification Rev 0 BCP/J/10384/00 that do not have authoritative references; because of that the stated masses are suspect and may not represent the real world. All testing needs to be done at the minimum and maximum loading of the vessel at the extremes of tide height i.e. springs and neaps and at the extremes of tidal velocity in both directions. If you would like the benefit and knowledge of my extensive career, ask. Regards
Neil J Blues JP (Retd)
Genuine offer of help
Neil is just one of many engineers and various experts who have offered advice and genuine help to the Isle of Wight council over the last nine months.
They say they're doing offering their help so the IWC can avoid unnecessary expenditure of ratepayers' money on non-fixes and, of course, so they can know how to assess the floating bridge properly.
Some say it appears to have fallen on deaf ears.
Image: © BBC
Sports Wrap — KKR beat Delhi Daredevils by 4-wickets; former BCCI chief N Srinivasan not to attend ICC meet
Hitting a half-century each, Manish Pandey and Yousuf Pathan joined forces to give KKR a 4-wicket win over the Delhi Daredevils. Later, Bhuvneshwar Kumar picked up 5 for 19 to hand Surisers Hyderabad a narrow 5-run win over the Kings XI Punjab.
‘Conflict of Interest' and ‘Abuse of Power' by ex-BCCI chief N Srinivasan were cited as the reason by the Supreme Court on Monday as it denied him the right to attend the ICC meeting on April 24.
Alexis Sanchez and Mesut Ozil found the net in Arsenal's 2-1 win over Middlesbrough on Monday. The Gunners thus kept their hopes of making the next season of the UEFA Champions League.
Veteran English footballer and Chelsea captain John Terry has announced that he will leave the club at the end of the 2016/17 season. Terry has made 713 appearances for Blues in a 19-year career.
Argentine Diego Schwartzman claimed a 6-1, 7-6 win over Aussie Bernard Tomic — and Alexander Zverev of Germany coasted past wild card Italian Andreas Seppi 6-1, 6-2 — in the first round of the Monte Carlo Masters on Monday.
First Published | 18 April 2017 11:33 AM
EMBED >More News Videos Jim Dolan reports on the person climbing the Statue of Liberty.
U.S. Parks Police have evacuated Liberty Island of tourists after a woman climbed to the base of the Statue of Liberty.Live images from our sister station Eyewitness News showed the woman lying at the base of statue.She appeared to be moving occasionally and waving a t-shirt at times.It was not immediately clear if she was protesting anything in particular.The view from another Eyewitness News camera located on another side of the statue showed police scaling the base with a ladder.They appeared to be talking with the woman.Meantime, visitors were being taken off the island via ferry."We've had two unusual events occur back-to-back," National Park Service spokesman Jerry Willis told Eyewitness News. "So for the safety and security of our visitors, we decided to evacuate for the day.""It's our busiest week of the year, historically," Willis continued. "The island at this time of the day is mostly near capacity, at 4,000 to 4,500 people. All boats have been tasked will move people off the island. We have an evacation plan. Given the heat of the day, the visitors complied with no issues."Reports of a person scaling the statue started coming in around 3 p.m. Friday, shortly after a protest group calling itself Rise and Resist dropped a banner that read "Abolish ICE" from the base of the statue.That demonstration was organized to protest the Trump administration's immigration policy, the group said in a press release.The group said the woman who climbed to the base of the statue was not involved in the "Abolish ICE" protest.
Getty Image
Kevin McHale was James Harden‘s first head coach in Houston. From the moment the Rockets acquired Harden in a trade with the Oklahoma City Thunder until he was fired in November of 2015, McHale got a front row view of Harden as he became the team's franchise player. Apparently, McHale noticed that one of Harden's biggest weaknesses while he was the coach has not gone away.
McHale made a cameo on NBA TV's Open Court and talked about the dynamic between Harden and the recently-acquired Chris Paul. Namely, McHale believes this was a big acquisition because Paul's ability to lead will free up Harden to do what he's good at, according to Space City Scoop.
“James is not a leader,” McHale said. “He tried being a leader last season, tried doing all that stuff. I think Chris Paul is going to get him back into being able to hoop and play.”
McHale also said that Harden isn't the kind of authoritative player who can get his teammates to do something, saying “If James tells you, ‘Chuck, you gotta play better D,' are you listening to him? You gotta be kidding me, I lived through it, believe me.”
Of course, things could have changed in the two years and Harden might have evolved as a leader since McHale was fired, especially as Mike D'Antoni became the Rockets' head coach and made Harden the team's point guard. But either way, even though there's plenty of praise for Harden in here, this isn't exactly a ringing endorsement from his former head coach.
(Via Space City Scoop)
HARRYSONG SAYS HE REGRETS WHY HE IS UNMARRIED AND GAVE HIS REASON
Vocalist, Harrison Tare Okiri has progressed significantly in his profession. What's more, it is alright to state that he is as of now harvesting a portion of the his rewards for so much hard work in the music business. Be that as it may, one thing causes the artist torment. He laments that he neglected …
The post HARRYSONG SAYS HE REGRETS WHY HE IS UNMARRIED AND GAVE HIS REASON appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Transcript for Kourtney Kardashian arrives on Capitol Hill to clean up cosmetics
The facts that we're gifting gas so much and you know even going into a store to buy anything that we shouldn't be let go walking around aimlessly like. Is this okay is this not okay and everybody should have the right to you know healthy. I Axel I do find my I take the time defines it might go to products and then. Try to stick to those but I do you get a ton of products and Timmy. Most of which I and of donating because I don't have the time even like the beef products from making it which I should be able to use and you know but I don't now and sometimes they don't have the time derby senators and you know find out that I feel lucky to have the resource is but I do feel like it's time. Our you know congress to do its job because as parents like there's only. So much time that we have to research and you know likely rely on acts arts. And there's only so much we condemn it you know I am Ammann beauty am me and sound. OK you know my sister's addicts have been tested. Him EG needs squared around and it. I don't know what's at as a there. Air company ends at I think it would be nice if there are. You know. Eight through regulates of that people running these businesses in these companies and you know have some. Am make standards of why it wet T use I think it's it's like a guessing game.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
The Brazilian Football Confederation (CBF) have announced that Rogério Caboclo has been appointed as the organisation's President following an uncontested election.
Caboclo is due to lead the CBF from 2019 to 2023 and will replace Marco Polo del Nero, who is currently suspended by FIFA.
Del Nero, a former member of FIFA's Executive Committee before resigning in 2015, was provisionally banned from all football activities for 90 days by FIFA in December following the United States Department of Justice investigation into football corruption, which began just under three years ago.
That suspension was increased by a further 45 days last month.
With del Nero banned from football activities, Caboclo, widely considered an ally of del Nero, has stepped into the role after winning the uncontested election.
Former CBF President Marco Polo del Nero recently had his suspension extended by FIFA ©Getty Images
Caboclo, who already serves as chief executive for the 2019 Copa America tournament, which is due to be hosted in Brazil, will now lead his country's delegation at this summer's FIFA World Cup in Russia.
"Our management will be marked by two pillars: efficiency and integrity," Caboclo said.
"Brazilian football is the most competitive in the world and our challenge is to make it bigger and bigger.
"We need more international visibility, create new revenue streams, and optimise existing ones.
"We have, and we will find, recipes that allow our clubs to overcome the exchange rate lag in relation to the clubs in Europe.
"Investing so that our young players stay here longer, investing so that the administration is more and more qualified and give support for our clubs to make modern and sustainable management practices."
TAIPEI (Taiwan News)—As the calendar moves into late autumn, the leaves of deciduous cypresses at Lishan Farmers Square (麗山農民廣場) in Taipei's Nangang (南港）District are changing colors. As the foliage has not yet totally turned red, members of the public are advised to plan ahead to visit the place in two or three weeks to catch its peak color.
According to the Development Association of Jiuru Community, where the deciduous cypresses are located, the trees will achieve peak color in two or three weeks.
The deciduous cypresses surrounding Lishan Farmers Square in Jiuru Community are beautiful in form and the leaves are delicate and soft like feathers. When the Northeast Monsoon arrives, the leaves turn from green to yellow, yellow to orange, and orange to red. The changes in the colors are dazzling, according to Taipei's Geotechnical Engineering Office (GEO).
Chen Jian-fan (陳建帆), the chief of the GEO Slope Conservation Section, recommended visitors to Lishan Farmers Square also visit the nearby Sifen River, where fish has been protected for many years. He said it is a pleasure to take a slow walk on a riverbank trail along the river, stroll on the heart-shaped river-crossing stepping stones in the river, and listen to the running water while enjoying the deciduous cypresses. In addition, the local community also holds the Bamboo Shoot Festival at Lishan Farmers Square every summer.
If you wish to visit Jiuru Community, you may go by car or take the MRT Blue Line to Kunyang Station (昆陽站) or Brown Line to Taipei Zoo Station (動物園站); then take Bus S12, alight at Lishan Bridge （麗山橋） Stop and walk along Section 4 of Yanjiuyuan Road （研究院路） until reaching Lishan Farmers Square (Lishan Park).
To inquire about the foliage of deciduous cypresses at Lishan Farmers Square, please call Jiuru Community Development Association at (02) 2651-6600.
A map of Sifen River (photo courtesy of GEO)
Heart-shaped stepping stones in Sifen River (photo courtesy of GEO)
Lishan Farmers Square (photo courtesy of GEO)
(photo courtesy of GEO)
Winter-limited deciduous cypress leaves are turning from green to yellow, yellow to orange, and orange to red (photo courtesy of GEO)
In practice, lean manufacturing is an operating philosophy that yields a number of long-term benefits that aren't always obvious to those who are considering adopting it. The first thing most manufacturing entrepreneurs think when they hear the term, lean manufacturing, is “cost cutting.” This is especially true when a private equity investor is the first to raise the idea. But it's just one of many misperceptions about “lean,” an approach that provides efficiencies to help a company grow and make it more investable.
Based on research of high performance companies at the Center for Strategy, Execution and Valuation in the Driehaus College of Business at DePaul University (Center for SEV), there are at least three major unrecognized advantages of instituting lean principles:
The lean manufacturing process provides a simple framework for defining a company's purpose and decision-making to reflect the needs of all stakeholders. The lean framework of engaging stakeholders in the co-creation of the company's product-service strategy takes the guesswork out of strategic planning because it exposes ownership to other viewpoints that ultimately determine the company's success. This is consistent with Return Driven Strategy, a framework for analyzing a business and prioritizing its plans so they are more executable and drive growth and profitability. A key tenet of this strategy is Map and Redesign Processes, a methodology for engaging all stakeholders—both internal and external—in clarifying, defining and achieving the organization's purpose. This is particularly beneficial for small- to medium-size manufacturers (SMEs). Many SMEs are led by founders who make operating decisions based on their personal knowledge of customers, suppliers, employees and the market. There are many challenges to this approach, as illustrated by Terry Groff, chairman of Reading Bakery Systems. In a presentation for the Center for SEV, Mr. Groff candidly described how his company badly missed projections on each of its core business segments using a management-only strategic planning process—before adopting Return Driven Strategy lean principles. “Lean” results in a highly engaged employee culture. A lot of SMEs understand the need to engage employees to enhance productivity, recruitment and retention—all contribute significantly to financial performance. Yet many may not have the resources, beyond a human resources leader, for a sophisticated employee engagement program. “Lean” provides that because employees become stakeholders as they're invited to participate in the Map and Redesign Processes. There is a fundamental shift in employee attitudes from fearing problems to celebrating and embracing them. That's because employees engaged in the lean philosophy become frontline problem-solvers—a sustainable asset. Said Ken Iverson, CEO of Nucor (a “Good to Great” company): “I recall that we started a crew on a straightener machine…at a production bonus baseline of eight tons per hour. The rated capacity of the machine was 10 tons per hour. Well, that crew kept tinkering and experimenting. Within a year, their production was up to 20 tons an hour, twice that machine's rated capacity.” Lean manufacturers can better navigate the competitive life cycle. Part of the “lean” process can include conducting a Competitive Life Cycle Analysis, which evaluates company performance to determine what strategies are needed during different phases of its life cycle. That means not getting comfortable with today's success and having a roadmap for adapting to changing circumstances. This is vital for many SMEs because it mitigates the chances of getting caught off-guard and hurt significantly by a sudden downturn in the business. More so, it provides time for planning so you can ride a competitive wave rather than be thrown off course by it.
A great example of this adaptability is Danaher Business Systems, an unheralded high performance company that integrates lean thinking and continuous improvement to create sustainable competitive advantage. Danaher acquires smaller companies and improves them with its lean approach, called DBS: The Danaher Business System. Danaher began implementing “lean” in the mid-1980s, and has expanded its model as the company has grown. In a recent investor presentation, Danaher showed how integrating and evolving DBS helped grow the company from $90 million in revenue and a 20 percent gross margin in 1984 to $18 billion and a 55 percent gross margin today.
From the investor perspective, the benefits of SMEs embracing lean principles are substantial and include increased profits, decreased costs, efficiency gains and long-term growth and value creation capabilities.
According to the Lean Enterprise Institute, the core idea behind “lean” is: “To maximize customer value while minimizing waste.” The business benefits of “lean” are achieved because there's less process waste, reduced lead time, less rework, reduced inventories, increased process understanding, improved knowledge management and lower costs.
These benefits are music to the ears of VC and PE firms, who are tasked by their investors to make the most efficient use of capital. But for PE firms in particular, there are less obvious advantages to investing in companies that use, or are willing to integrate, lean thinking. The most important is how it clarifies, defines and gives structure to the company-investor relationship.
Many SME owners need private equity to grow, but are concerned about losing control or inviting the PE firm into the company's operations. The smart PE firm will use its own form of the Return Driven Strategy framework to evaluate the potential of prospective investments and as a tool to bond with ownership and management on an agreed-upon strategy that reflects the best interests of all stakeholders. Everyone operates from the same strategic framework, so the resources needed and expectations for performance are based in consensus—and not the capricious will of one party or the other. This helps reduce the SME owner's concerns over what happens the day after a PE deal is signed.
Particularly for SMEs, adopting lean manufacturing principles can help make the most of limited resources, primarily by expanding ownership and leadership's view of how to engage key stakeholders to focus on what's needed and how to best deliver it. It's a relatively simple process that often evolves into an operating philosophy with proven benefits, including engaged and active stakeholders who become central to delivering enhanced financial performance—and therefore opportunities for growth and value creation.
Eli Boufis is co-founder and executive principal of Driehaus Private Equity, LLC. Dr. Mark L. Frigo is Ezerski Endowed Chair and director, the Center for Strategy, Execution and Valuation in the Driehaus College of Business at DePaul University.
DT Game Play weekly live stream
We're streaming The Swords of Ditto today at 2 p.m. PT. This charming top-down rogue-like has early The Legend of Zelda vibes and a unique progression system. We have a few extra Steam codes to give away during our stream.
The post DT Game Play weekly live stream appeared first on Digital Trends.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Digital Trends. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
From The Economist:
FOR years, discussions of America's public markets have usually featured a lament for their dwindling appeal. According to Jay Ritter of the University of Florida, the number of publicly listed companies peaked in 1997 at 8,491 (see chart). By 2017 it had slumped to 4,496. True, many of the companies that went public in the internet's early days should never have done so. But the decline worries anyone who sees public markets as the best way for ordinary investors to benefit from the successes of corporate America.
The mood right now is more buoyant. ... “There are plenty of signs that IPO activity is about to surge,” says Kathleen Smith of Renaissance Capital, a research firm.
The question is whether one quarter a revival makes. ...
Underlying these concerns is an older one—that the vast and varied costs of first bringing shares to market, and then remaining public, are just too high. These costs include bankers' and lawyers' fees, the risk of class-action litigation, the need to reveal commercially sensitive information that could benefit rivals, and the prospect of fights with corporate raiders who want juicier returns for shareholders and social activists who want executives to pay heed to their values. Added to all these are public reporting and tax requirements that private companies can often avoid.
Mr Ritter attributes much of the decline in the number of companies that are listed to the difficulty of being a small public company.
Two civilians and two CRPF personnel were injured in a grenade attack at a Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) party in Tral's Batagund village in Pulwama district on Saturday. According to reports, security forces were immediately sent to the spot to nab the suspected militants and the whole area was cordoned off.
Militants on Saturday hurled grenade at a Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) party in Tral's Batagund village in Pulwama district. According to reports, two civilians and two CRPF personnel have been seriously injured in the attack. They were immediately rushed to Sub-district hospital Tral for treatment. The security forces were immediately sent to the spot and the whole area was cordoned off. In a similar incident, a civilian was injured in a grenade attack by militants who were targeting the security forces in Pulwama district on January 22.
Four Indian security jawans were killed on December 31 when Jaish-e-Mohammed (JeM) terrorists attacked a CRPF camp in Awantipora area of Pulwama district. During the gunbattle, the security forces also neutralised three militants who had attacked the CRPF camp. This is not the first time that a CRPF camp has been attacked in the highly volatile areas of south Kashmir. In August last year, in a similar attack, around 8 CRPF personnel lost their lives after a heavy gun battle at a district police complex in Pulwama.
#UPDATE 2 civilians & 2 CRPF personnel injured in grenade attack by terrorists on CRPF party in Tral's Batagund Village. #JammuAndKashmir — ANI (@ANI) February 3, 2018
More details are awaited
Hollywood megastar, Tom Hanks, will begin filming a World War II movie in Baton Rouge in early 2018, according to a news release from Louisiana Economic Development (LED).
The WWII naval drama, titled Greyhound, began pre-production on Monday. Filming aboard the USS Kidd and other locations throughout the Capital City is expected to begin in March of 2018.
“It's just a fantastic honor,” said executive director for the USS Kidd, David Beard. “It's just such a wonderfully preserved World War II war ship that when it came time to find a location for a World War II destroyer for his film, there was just no contest, it was us.”
Hanks will script and star in the drama as a commander of a Navy destroyer, Greyhound, as it escorts a convoy across the Atlantic in 1942.
Beard says they have been in talks for about a year now, but had no idea it had officially been given the green light.
“Yeah, we didn't even know that a press release had gone out yet. We're meeting regularly with people from the production company and we're still hammering out some details,” he added.
It's the staff's attention to detail that may have sealed the deal for the Baton Rouge attraction. Beard says one thing that really won producers over was the windshield wipers, which are perfectly in line with how the other ships of that era were built. Beard credits the the efforts of his team for working so hard to keep the ship in tip top shape. “Everyday we are painting, scraping rust, and just doing everything we can to keep the ship looking as good as it should be and also to preserve it for future generations,” said Beard.
From 2012's Battleship to a few other projects, the vessel is no stranger to the big screen. While the ship has been in films before, Beard says this is different. With Tom Hanks, as well as the level of the project, he says it could do wonders not just for the Kidd, but also for the Capital City.
“I think it's just a really great experience,” said Beard.
Greyhound is the first significant film project to apply for the new enhancements to the state's film incentive that Governor John Bel Edwards signed into law in the summer of 2016. The new enhancements include a provision that provides a 5 percent tax credit on Louisiana expenditures for motion pictures filmed outside of the New Orleans area, according to Lead.
The film has a reported total budget of $50.3 million, with an estimated $29.5 million spent in Louisiana, including $7.6 million in payroll for Louisiana residents. The LED reports Greyhound, a production of FilmNation Entertainment, is expected to employ about 250 people.
LSU professor and actor, Joe Chrest, says it is great to see this renewed interest in the Bayou State and the economic impact something like this film could bring. “That's a no-brainer,” said Chrest. "You don't think about just the hundreds of thousands of dollars that we spend here.”
Beard says he is proud to be part of this project, which is shaping up to be a major investment in the capital area. “For its people, it's economic development and also to showcase the state around the world,” he added.
“Louisiana has been a leader in entertainment industry development for more than 15 years, and major motion picture projects such as this one help to sustain the creative industry in our state,” Edwards said. “We are glad to see FilmNation take advantage of our new initiative to promote film production in all regions of Louisiana. We also welcome Tom Hanks back to Louisiana for this project. Tom has been a great champion of the National World War II Museum in New Orleans since its opening 17 years ago, and the Beyond All Boundaries attraction, which he produced and narrates, is a signature experience of that world-class facility.”
Two-time Academy Award-winning actor Tom Hanks adapted the film's script form C.S. Forester's 1955 novel, The Good Shephard. Hanks will star as the USS Greyhound's troubled commander, as the Greyhound is escorting a military convoy across the Atlantic Ocean in 1942, when German submarines are attacking allied shipping lanes in the Atlantic.
Other cast members for the film have not yet been announced. Academy Award-winner, Aaron Schneider, will direct the film and it's being produced by Gary Goetzman.
LED reports the film industry remains strong in Louisiana, with six other projects currently in pre-production and scheduled to shoot in early 2018. Four productions are currently filming through the end of 2017.
Copyright 2017 WAFB. All rights reserved.
TARRYTOWN, N.Y. (CBSNewYork) — After 62 years, the old Tappan Zee Bridge will see its last car Friday night.
The shift of Westchester-bound traffic to the new Gov. Mario M. Cuomo Bridge starts at 9 p.m. and all lanes and exits should reopen by 10 a.m. Saturday.
Traffic will flow on four lanes in each direction on one of the new spans while crews demolish the old landing and create new footings for the second span.
The shift of Westchester-bound traffic to the Gov. Mario M. Cuomo Bridge takes place TONIGHT, weather permitting. https://t.co/VPRL9y953Y pic.twitter.com/GPb9byUtLT — NYSThruwayAuthority (@NYSThruway) October 6, 2017
During that work, Rockland County Executive Ed Day says River Road will be closed.
“It will be 24/7 personnel at the site to ensure that River Road has access at all times to emergency vehicles,” he told WCBS 880's Sean Adams.
That work should last four to six weeks and the second span will open next year.
In August, Rockland-bound traffic switched to the first span of the new bridge while Westchester-bound traffic continues to use the old span.
The $4 billion project has been in the works for four years. It costs $5 to cross the bridge, but a toll freeze is expected to end in three years.
By Lloyd Gumbo
Parliament has urged the Ministry of Primary and Secondary Education to improve its communication, so that members of the public and other stakeholders can buy into its new initiatives.
Members of the Parliamentary Portfolio Committee on Education, Sport, Arts and Culture told Primary and Secondary Education Minister Dr Lazarus Dokora that poor communication was his ministry's greatest let down.
They said this when Minister Dokora appeared before the committee last week.
Mutasa Central MP Mr Trevor Saruwaka (MDC-T) said it was important for the ministry to improve on its communication strategies if its programmes were to be supported.
“Your tenure as the Minister of Education has been riddled or characterised by controversies, for instance on incentives, e-enrolment, new curriculum or on the National Pledge,” said Mr Saruwaka.
“Don't you think there is a problem with communication between your ministry and your stakeholders and the nation at large? When you present your issues, they seem quite clear, but it appears there is a disconnection between what you know and what you want to do and the communication with the rest of the nation, where you end up being fought from all angles? Don't you think you need to do something about communication from your ministry to the nation?”
Zanu-PF MP for Pelandaba-Mpopoma, Cde Joseph Tshuma added: “The minister and his ministry are lacking one thing and its communication. Let me give you an example of STEM, when it came in, I remember when it was first implemented, even Cabinet had not approved it, but because of jingles and talking, people started buying into it”, he said.
Dr Dokora acknowledged that his ministry had not done enough to communicate its initiatives.
“On communication, I agree with you,” he said.
“My biggest challenge is having bodies in the communication system who cannot perform the task.
This ministry has raised expectations, we must be able to communicate. The Herald
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
It's traditional to go egg hunting at Easter, but why not try something a little different this year with the Gift to Nature Geocache Dragon Egg Hunt?
What's that?
Geocache is a popular outdoor activity that combines technology and treasure hunting by getting participants to search across a given area for a ‘cache'.
Using GPS enabled devices (aka smartphones), participants navigate to a specific set of GPS coordinates and then attempt to find the geocache (container) hidden at that location.
What's the cost?
Nothing! It is free! Although Gift to Nature would encourage a small donation to the charity. This supports them in their work, keeping your local countryside beautiful and free for all to enjoy.
All you need is a smartphone to install the App on. There is a paid membership, but you don't need that to start, so you can try it for free and if you don't like it, don't worry.
Where and when
The event takes place on Monday 2nd April at Bully's Pit, Brading Down Road
Brading PO36 0ES.
Sessions start from 12pm and run until 4pm (last trail starts at 3pm).
Find out more by visiting the Gift to Nature Website. You'll find detail of how to download the Geocaching software there.
Our thanks to Gift to Nature for sponsoring this feature. Please support them, as they and other businesses taking paid promotion enables you to continue reading OnTheWight for free.
Location map
View the location of this story.
The EU reached a landmark agreement on October 2 on tough new rules against cheap imports in a move that risks embittering already tense relations with Beijing.
The European Commission, EU national governments and MEPs had been in talks since July on new rules to calculate import duties and curb unfair trading practises, especially from China.
"Europe stands for open and fair trade, but we are not naive free traders. Today we strengthened our anti-dumping rules," European Commission chief Jean-Claude Juncker said.
Juncker insisted that the measure was "not about any country in particular,, and "simply about making sure that we have the means to take action against unfair competition."
But the EU has been under intense pressure from big industry in Europe to keep strong trade defense measures due to China's public subsidies and excess production, especially in steel and other metals.
"We believe that the changes agreed today to the legislation strengthen EU's trade defence instruments and will ensure that our European industry will be well equipped to deal with the unfair competition they face from dumped and subsidised imports...," EU Trade Commissioner Cecilia Malmstroem said after talks ended in the eastern French city of Strasbourg.
The new measures are intended to offset the consequences of granting China so-called market economy status at the Word Trade Organization that will make it more difficult to prove illegal trade practices by Beijing.
The topic is so sensitive that China shocked the EU at a summit in June by refusing to endorse a joint statement on climate change out of dissatisfaction on the status issue.
When China joined the World Trade Organization in 2001, it was written into the terms of the deal that member states could treat it as a non-market economy for 15 years.
Under this regime, the EU and other WTO powers retained powers to unilaterally establish fast and tough anti-dumping rules without infringing WTO rules.
The deadline passed late last year, but the European Union intended to grant the new status once these new rules were in place.
Beijing has said previously that the refusal to grant China market economy status is an example of "covert protectionism" and "double standards" by the West.
Copyright Agence France-Presse, 2017
By Katharina Niemeyer on October 24, 2016
Fig. 1: Friday 7 October − Genesis Cinema and Swingdance UK invite you along to our monthly nostalgia dancing night (print screen, source: http://www.swingdanceuk.com/classes-socials-2/socials/special-events/).
Some miss and regret past times or places, others are nostalgic for a past that has never been. But nostalgia is not only recalling what is gone or what will never be (again) exactly as it was. It is also a mnemonic source of creativity, helping us to cope with painful memories, a difficult present or an unknown future. Mass media and new technologies are decisive tools and agents in this context. Their interplay with nostalgic feelings navigates between political abuse, commercial exploitation, appeasing homesickness, and artistic freedom.
This complexity is what it makes difficult to offer a confined definition of nostalgia, as a common word but also as a scholarly concept. At first sight, nostalgia does not seem to match communication technologies. However, this powerful emotion takes part in shaping collective and individual memories and the current nostalgia boom can be observed in the media, in digital communities but also within “offline” activities and this does not facilitate research on this multi-layered phenomenon.
Nostalgia is omnipresent in current political discourse, in religious ideologies, in commercials and media productions, ranging from movies to computer games. Nostalgia is also expressed and experienced by individuals and networks in digital social media or even “offline”. The television series Mad Men, Vinyl, Stranger Things or Better Call Saul and some revivals (Dallas, Twin Peaks), people joining for swing dance (Fig. 1) or retro-gaming sessions, sepia filters on our cell phones: these are just a few examples of a seemingly overwhelming nostalgia in everyday life.
This not only concerns aesthetics of the past, but also rituals, techniques and analogue or digital objects. Nostalgia for former times and places is not new, but why are we observing an increase in nostalgic expressions right now?
Nostalgia yesterday and today
Nostalgia, a medical neologism signifying homesickness (from the German Heimweh), appears for the first time in a doctoral dissertation published in Basel, Switzerland, written by Johannes Hofer in 1688. The notion is etymologically based on the Greek nostos (return home) and algia (longing) and refers in Hofer's case to a Swiss mercenary's disease.
But historically, nostalgia existed before it was even named so. Homer's The Odyssey depicts it clearly by recounting Odysseus' interminable yearning for home. Even if it is no more part of the medical discourse, this type of nostalgia, revealing homesickness and asking the question of belonging, still − and maybe more than ever – prevails. This is not only the case for people who were forced to leave their homes because of war or distress, but also for those who feel displaced in the society they were born or live in.
In contrast to what was believed for a long time, nostalgia is not just a postcolonial invention of Western societies. It is a universal feeling, shared here and there, as Alastair Bonnett (2016) has shown in his recent work on Geographies of Nostalgia. The original meaning of nostalgia, in contrast to its regressive or bittersweet superficiality in ordinary speech, needs therefore to be rethought. Why? Because the current seemingly entertaining nostalgia boom hints at this older type of nostalgia: a search for home, identity and authenticity. And this double-sided nostalgia comes with the digital world and that is why I wish to explore here the idea of digital nostalgia.
What is digital nostalgia?
Digital nostalgia encompasses several not necessarily separate types of nostalgia expressed, experienced, or made because of, via or within the digital world. In other words, there is nostalgia for the digital, nostalgia expressed via the digital or both (Niemeyer, 2015). The first type means that nostalgia has arrived in a world where the digital is omnipresent, but it does not alter the forms of nostalgia already in existence before the invention of the web. For some this can mean a longing for access to the technologies that connect, especially in places where the infrastructure is not established or access is politically forbidden.
For others it might be the other way round, a longing for a society with less social acceleration. Media and communication technologies are, therefore, an essential part of such longings: they can be the reason for the need to escape the apparent acceleration of time and reduction of space; they can trigger nostalgic memories of our past; and they are sometimes the object of our nostalgic feelings. Likewise, media and communication technologies can become a space for “nostalgizing” (Niemeyer 2014; Sedikides el. al., 2015). Here, digital environments become a space for expressing various types of nostalgia.
There is of course nostalgia for a geographical place or a time that is no more or will not be for a while. Refugees use technologies and media to cope with the painful present, to connect within their linguistic communities. Media, culture and language even at distance are here what used to be the old medicine for Swiss mercenaries (folk songs, meeting people with the same language), and it works also for those who never left or never had to leave their country: reconnecting to people, music, food, even in the digital world can appease homesickness. And this nostalgia can expand into urban spaces and become a mixed nostalgia of online and offline activities.
Nostalgia for the analogue and the digital
If your friend publishes a picture on the web with her or his cell phone, adding a filter to make the shot look old even if it was just taken minutes ago, we could ask whether the notion of nostalgia is still adequate here. Even if time passes the same way from a physicist's point of view, some of us no longer have the patience to let our experiences become, silently or loudly, what we once called memories. This is only one small example of what we might call the “instant past” (Bartholeyns, 2014), but this is not to judge this playful and aesthetic type of nostalgic past. Even so it might hint at one of the ways to cope with the rapid communication flows by still using it and I would call it instant nostalgia.
It can be closely related to the nostalgia of the analogue, very often expressed online. Programming and encoding non-digital media objects or sounds can simulate their analogue existence. Vintage media narratives, aesthetics or objects can be reproduced or re-invented exactly as if they were originally from the past. Vintage items can also provoke a nostalgia whose origin is located in the special relationship a person feels with a vintage item, no matter if it is analogue or digital. Objects have material and symbolic power of agency; and this is also the case for digital objects. An “old” animated GIF can make us nostalgic the same way as a computer game (Fig. 2) postcard from our aunt sent in 1995 to our home; it feels “homely” and because we shared the experience and the stories with others.
Fig. 2: Print screen of the retrogamer website https://www.reddit.com/r/retrogaming/
Nostalgia for the digital is a yearning for the early digital culture, a longing for the human relations it created but also their devices, techniques and related user rituals. This is why this type of nostalgia is not online practiced “online”, but also in places where people meet, as for example retrogamers (Fig. 3).
Fig. 3: Print screen: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Retrogaming
From social networks to blogs and websites, the nostalgia for the digital is actively expressed and practiced but also commercialized. Nostalgia was and is a business. Not to forget that the creative freedom of the digital world can also produce the contrary. The rise of populist and extremist movements in Europe or the idea of a new caliphate are part of a restorative nostalgia (Boym, 2001) that aims to reproduce the past as it was (not) or to prevent being open to change at all. Digital tools provide the opportunity to produce and spread dangerous nostalgia.
The idea of “making America great again”, obscures the dark places in American history. This type of nostalgia does not encompass being a reflective activity, but creates a naïve feeling of and a fabricated yearning for something that has never been. In this sense, critical reflections on nostalgia are today more than ever needed.
Nostalgia for the future
Of course, nostalgia is a common topic in scholarly works, mainly in literature, psychology, philosophy and history, but also in other fields such as sociology or anthropology.1 Until very recently, media and especially communication technologies have only been considered on the margins of research on nostalgia or the latter was only related to one medium such as cinema or television (Dika 2003; Holdsworth, 2011). Over the past few years, research interest in the interplay of nostalgia, media and communication technologies has increased (Niemeyer 2014; Lizardi 2015; Kalinina and Menke, 2016) which might be related to a certain kind of nostalgia that younger and older researchers not only observe but that they also experience themselves.
Studying nostalgia within media, communication or memory studies is in this sense not very “new” anymore, but more empirical case studies and likewise the deepening of theoretical approaches are needed in order to seize the complex and slippery phenomenon of (digital) nostalgia we are all at some point confronted with. It is not only the idea of a better scholarly understanding of it, but also an attempt to acknowledge nostalgia's multiple layers. It can be joyful, creative and help us to cope with loss and the irreversibility of time.
Nostalgia connects people and this is equally where its danger lies. We should not only ask what nostalgia is good for2 or what it is not good for as it can be used in terms of rhetoric political manipulation or commercial interests. Nostalgia should be put into perspective. Learning about the multiple faces of nostalgia relates closely to how we can deal critically with the past and the present, how we can communicate and experience our longings, and how we can design our nostalgia yet to come. ν
Notes
1. A recent overview of publications on nostalgia can be found here, on the website of the International Media and Nostalgia Network: https://medianostalgia.org/general-bibliography/
2. John Tierney, New York Times, July 2013: http://www.nytimes.com/2013/07/09/science/what-is-nostalgia-good-for-quite-a-bit-research-shows.html?pagewanted=all&_r=0
References
Bartholeyns, Gil (2014), “The Instant Past: Nostalgia and Digital Retro Photography” in Media and nostalgia: Yearning for the past, present and future, edited by K. Niemeyer. Basingstoke: Palgrave Macmillan, 2014, p. 51-69.
Bonnett, A. (2016), Geographies of Nostalgia. London and New York, Routledge.
Boym, S. (2001) The Future of Nostalgia. New York, Basic Books.
Dika, V. (2003) Recycled Culture in Contemporary Art and Film – the Uses of Nostalgia. New York: Cambridge University Press.
Holdsworth, A. (2011) Television, Memory and Nostalgia. Basingstoke: Palgrave Macmillan.
Kalinina, E. and Menke, M., Negotiating the past in hyperconnected memory cultures: Post-Soviet nostalgia and national identity in Russian online communities, International Journal of Media & Cultural Politics, Volume 12, Number 1, 1 March 2016, pp. 59-74(16).
Lizardi, R. (2015) Mediated Nostalgia. Individual Memory and Contemporary Mass Media. London [et al.] Lexington Books.
Niemeyer, K. (2015), A theoretical approach to vintage, NECSUS. European Journal of Media Studies, Volume 4, Number 2, Autumn 2015, pp. 85-102(18).
Niemeyer, K. (2014 ed.), Media and Nostalgia, Basingstoke: Palgrave Macmillan.
Sedikides, C., Wildschut, T., Routledge, C., Arndt, J., Hepper, E., and Zhou, X. “To nostalgize: mixing memory with affect and desire”, Advances in Experimental Social Psychology, 51, 2015: 189-273.
Katharina Niemeyer is an associate professor at the French Press Institute/Centre for Interdisciplinary Research and Analysis of the Media (CARISM), University Paris 2, Sorbonne Universities. Her main research topics are related to analogue and digital media and communication, media events, nostalgia, memory and history. In her research she focuses on news and fictional formats, but also artistic productions. In 2015 she co-founded the International Media and Nostalgia Network (IMNN) and she is also council member of the International Association for Media and History.
SEATTLE (AP) — The Latest on courts blocking the president's efforts to keep transgender people from enlisting in the military (all times local):
5:20 p.m.
A third federal judge has blocked President Donald Trump's ban on transgender people joining the military.
U.S. District Judge Marsha Pechman issued her ruling Monday in a case brought by several plaintiffs, including a soldier based in Washington state and two young men who hope to enlist.
Washington Attorney General Bob Ferguson also intervened in the case to challenge Trump's policy.
Pechman found that the ban likely violates the plaintiffs' rights to due process and to equal protection under the law without advancing any government interest. She also said it would harm the state's efforts to protect its residents from discrimination.
Pechman blocked the government from imposing the ban pending further proceedings.
Judges in Maryland and Washington, D.C., also have ruled against the ban. It had been due to take effect Jan. 1.
___
8:10 a.m.
The Pentagon official tells The Associated Press that transgender people can enlist in the military beginning Jan. 1, despite President Donald Trump's opposition.
The new policy reflects growing legal pressure on the issue and the difficult hurdles the federal government would have to cross to enforce Trump's demand to ban transgender individuals from the military. Two federal courts already have ruled against the ban.
Potential transgender recruits will have to overcome a lengthy and strict set of physical, medical and mental conditions that make it possible, though difficult, for them to join the armed services.
Maj. David Eastburn says the enlistment of transgender recruits will start Jan. 1 and go on amid the legal battles. The Department of Defense also is studying the issue.
TORONTO – Childcare is one of the major issues in Ontario's election, with all three main parties proposing vastly different visions of how best to help families at a time when daycare can cost parents as much as $20,000 a year.
Here is a look at each of the plans.
LIBERALS
Who does it cover? The cost of childcare would be fully covered for all children from age 2 1/2 to four, when they can start kindergarten.
What types of care are included? Licensed childcare centres, both not-for-profit and for-profit.
What does it cost? Parents of preschool-aged children aged 2 1/2 to four would pay no daycare fees. The plan would cost taxpayers $2.2 billion over three years.
When would it be implemented? Starting in 2020.
What else does the plan offer? The Liberals would put $162.5 million toward helping with costs of infant and toddler care and $534 million over six years to build 14,000 more preschool childcare spaces.
What do the experts say? The plan was based on recommendations from University of Toronto economics professor Gordon Cleveland. Critics have noted that it doesn't cover the most expensive years — infant care runs up to $25,000 a year, while the Liberals estimate their plan would save families an average $17,000 a year. But Cleveland calls it a first step.
“There's no special magic about preschoolers except that we do have a lot more capacity at that age level right now,” says Cleveland, who also appeared at a Liberal campaign event touting the plan.
Rachel Langford, an associate professor of early childhood studies at Ryerson University, called the plan “sound” because there are a sufficient number of existing preschool childcare spots to accommodate increased demand that would come from free care.
“Unlike with infants and toddlers, where staff-child ratios demand more spots, I think that it would be easier to implement the plan (for preschool years).”
NDP
Who does it cover? Infants and toddlers at first, followed by preschoolers.
What types of care are included? Licensed, not-for-profit childcare. Three-quarters of Ontario's licensed childcare centres are not-for-profit.
What does it cost? Families making under $40,000 would pay no fees. Families above that threshold would pay on a sliding scale based on their income. The NDP has said the average would be $12 a day, but has not provided any specifics about who would pay which amounts, except to say 70 per cent of families would pay $12 a day or less. After an initial $375 million investment from the government in 2018-19, the cost for taxpayers would ramp up to $3.8 billion in 2022-23, with a total projected cost of $11.4 billion over five years.
When would it be implemented? The plan would start with care for infants and toddlers in 2019-20, followed by preschoolers the following year.
What else does the plan offer? Existing subsidies would not be reduced. The number of licensed, not-for-profit childcare spaces would be expanded by 51 per cent — an additional 202,000 spaces — by adding more than 10 per cent each year. It would prioritize new spots in public schools. The plan also includes wage increases for early childhood educators.
What do the experts say? The plan is based on recommendations from the Ontario Coalition for Better Childcare. They have called for a universal childcare system that is affordable, pays early childhood educators well, and expands only in the public or not-for-profit sectors. The coalition says for-profit care tends to be of a poorer quality, and they say limiting for-profit childcare is key to responsibly expanding care in Ontario.
Langford believes the NDP is completely committed to their plan, but it would be “more challenging” to implement than the Liberal plan because infant and toddler spaces require higher child-to-staff ratios.
Cleveland says the NDP plan would create more demand for the infant and toddler spaces than it could meet.
“It's a promise that sounds good, but it's a promise that can't be delivered,” he says.
“The NDP one that they're talking about would be quite generous…that's dramatically lowering the price of childcare. That would make it incredibly affordable for families. I don't really have an objection to doing that. My objection is that what they've put forward is not a possible, feasible plan.”
But aiming for a high-quality system with an emphasis on not-for-profit care is a very important factor, Cleveland adds. “I don't fault them for raising that issue.”
PROGRESSIVE CONSERVATIVES
Who does it cover? Children under 15 years old
What types of care are included? Families could select from a variety of options, including licensed and independent childcare spaces, babysitters, nannies, after-school recreational programs, “and a range of other options, as long as it enables the parent to go back to work,” the Tories have said.
What does it cost? Families would receive an Ontario Childcare Rebate of up to 75 per cent of their childcare expenses, up to $6,750 per child until age six. For kids between six and 15, families would receive up to $3,750. It would work on a sliding scale, with families earning less than $34,800 qualifying for the maximum and declining to a rebate of 26 per cent of childcare costs for families with an income of $155,095 or higher. It would cost $389 million a year, the Tories say.
When would it be implemented? Jan. 1, 2019.
What else does the plan offer? The plan as announced by the Progressive Conservatives does not promise to create additional spaces.
What do the experts say? Critics seize on the amounts offered, saying even $6,750 would still leave some families paying nearly $15,000 a year for infant childcare.
Langford says the Tory plan doesn't advance accessibility, but flagged the cost estimate as too low.
“The PCs are promising $389 million for the tax rebate,” she says. “There are 2.2 million eligible children from zero to 14…that would work out to about $175 per child.”
But the Tories say this is an oversimplification. Not all children would need some form of care, plus parents with an infant in care would spend far more than a parent paying for a pre-teen's after-school sports program, they say.
The $389 million is in addition to money that would be available by repurposing billions of dollars in existing tax credits, they add.
Economist Kevin Milligan co-authored a paper last year on the benefits of a refundable tax credit for childcare. He wrote a blog post in support of the Tory plan when it was originally announced last year under former party leader Patrick Brown, saying it delivers the largest benefit to lower- and middle-income families and that the cost estimates were reasonable. However, after the party elected Doug Ford as leader, he said the commentary no longer reflected his views.
MORE ABOUT 2018 ONTARIO ELECTION:
BETHLEHEM, West Bank (AP) — Palestinian protesters have disrupted a meeting between U.S. officials and a Palestinian trade group in the West Bank, shouting at the American participants and pelting their vehicles with tomatoes as they departed abruptly.
About a dozen protesters burst into the meeting with the Bethlehem Chamber of Commerce on Tuesday brandishing posters with anti-U.S. messages. Protesters said they opposed any contact with American officials and came to "forcibly stop this meeting," which was quickly cut short after the protest.
The State Department condemned the incident and called it "intimidation" by "unruly protesters." The statement said the meeting was "one part of long-term U.S. engagement to create economic opportunities for Palestinians."
The incident comes amid unrest following President Donald Trump's recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital.
A fireworks retailer in Missouri went up in flames on the eve of Fourth of July.Firefighters responded to a major fire at AM Pyrotechnics in Pleasant Hope, Missouri, on Tuesday night, according to Springfield, Missouri, ABC affiliate KSPR . According to the affiliate, several explosions rocked the building, and were large enough to rattle neighbors' windows.One person suffered "moderate" injuries, according to KSPR.Pleasant Hope is about 20 miles north of Springfield.The building was entirely destroyed by the explosions and fire.The Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF) has reported to the scene, according to the Kansas City ATF branch. Considered an explosive, ATF regulates fireworks in the country.KSPR reported AM Pyrotechnics was a distributor of fireworks to companies putting on large displays as opposed to selling fireworks to individuals.Fireworks are legal for sale in Missouri, with wholesalers being able to sell year-round, while those who apply for seasonal permits can sell fireworks from June 20 to July 10, according to state law
The Hotel Roanoke and Conference Center is planning a big interior facelift next year — along with a grab-and-go market called “Steam” that is also in the works. The lobby and all public areas will renovate, a project that includes new furniture, updating carpets and bringing new artwork to the lobby. WFIR's Evan Jones has more:
12-11 Hotel Roanoke Wrap1-WEB
Eighteen acts will perform at this weekend's Exile Festival in the glorious Derbyshire Dales countryside.
The festival takes over the verdant, woodland enclosed area known as Sabine Hay, near Darley Dale, from June 23 to 25.
The line-up of acts performing, which may be subject to change, is as follows: Friday night - The Dooberies, Wes Finch, The King B's, Gravity Percussion, Dror Kessler. Saturday afternoon - Black Thorn, Prita, 5 Hills Out, Katie Spencer, Stuck in Second. Saturday night - The Hut People, TEYR, AGBEKO, Lil Jim and the ‘Z' Theory. Sunday afternoon - Molly and the Greynotes, Sarah Matthews and Doug Eunson, Sweet Liquorice ‘Saskia and Tony Stark', The Bonfire Radicals.
There will be a real ale/cider bar, food and drink stalls. Overnight camping is available. Organisers have renamed the main stage Jolly Jock stage in memory of festival pal Jolly Jock who passed away last year.
For more details, visit www.belpermusicfestival.org.uk
IBM Scientists Aim To Kill Drug-Resistant Superbugs
As a scientist at IBM's Almaden Research Laboratory, James Hedrick was well aware of the global problem of antibiotic-resistant bacteria, which can turn a minor scrape into a death sentence.
But the threat turned personal after he had routine knee surgery. Sudden excruciating pain signaled infection, demanding emergency hospitalization. Hedrick was lucky: the medications worked, the infection cleared and he went home eight days later.
Hedrick's close call inspired his research team to design a new molecule, called a polymer, that targets five deadly types of drug-resistant microbes and kills them like ninja assassins. Their research, a collaboration with Singapore's Institute of Bioengineering and Nanotechnology, was reported this week in the journal Nature Communications.
If commercialized, the polymer could boost the fight against "superbugs" that can fend off every antibiotic that doctors throw at them. An estimated 700,000 people worldwide die every year from these untreatable infections.
"It could be part of the physician's arsenal in case of a really bad infection," said Hedrick. "A last line of defense."
The research is part of IBM's ongoing effort to develop synthetic polymers for medical uses, based on a technology discovered in 2012 when exploring new ways to etch silicon wafers used in semiconductor chips. In 2016, the team showed they could be used to combat deadly viral diseases.
Hedrick and his team have extensive experience with synthetic polymers, long repeating chains of connected molecules that can be found in pretty much everything around us, including plastic trash bags, paints, styrofoam cups, plastic bottles, adhesives and computers.
It was at a conference about polymers, in fact, when Hedrick felt his knee ache. He had recently undergone successful surgical repair of his knee cap after a basketball injury, and it had been feeling fine. He was returning home from Hawaii when the pain turned awful.
"My leg was freezing up and was extraordinarily painful," he recalled. "On the way to the airport, I went to the hospital. They confiscated my ticket, told me I'd have surgery in a few hours. I was there eight days."
"Had the bacteria been a superbug, resistant to medication, my story might have had a different ending," he said.
Antibiotics have been a critical public health tool since the discovery of penicillin in 1928, saving the lives of millions of people around the world. But the emergence of drug-resistant bacteria is reversing the miracles of these medicines, with drug choices becoming increasingly limited, expensive, and, in some cases, nonexistent.
The resistance occurs after repeated exposure to an antibiotic, when a few hardy bugs survive -- and proliferate.
There are not nearly enough new antibiotics in development to replace those that are now ineffective, according to a September 2017 World Health Organization report. Of an estimated 33 antibiotics being tested, only eight are innovative in a way that will be beneficial against the superbugs, the report found. The other 25 are merely tweaks to existing treatments that are, ultimately, short-term solutions.
The Obama Administration provided a road map to guide the development of new drugs through the pipeline, but because of the resistance problem, "with each new drug we have to be very diligent stewards of its appropriate use," said Dr. Susan Casey Bleasdale of the Infectious Diseases Society of America.
"This is a significant potential breakthrough in the battle against antibiotic resistance," said Bleasdale, who is medical director of infection control at the University of Illinois Hospital & Health Sciences System and responsible for guiding the development of hospital-wide infection control protocols and procedures. "If this proves true in clinical trials and is validated as safe and effective, this has the potential to be a game changer."
Earlier versions of synthetic polymers created problems because they essentially exploded the bacteria, releasing dangerous toxins into the bloodstream. While other scientists are researching different approaches to avoid resistance, most involve finding new molecules or proteins. IBM's synthetic molecule employs a completely different strategy.
It carries a negative electrical charge, so is drawn -- like a magnet -- to the positively charged surfaces of infectious cells. Then it binds to the cell, pierces the membrane, enters it and turns the inner liquid contents into solids. The new ninja polymer kills bacteria so quickly, they don't have time to mutate.
The eventual goal, said Hedrick, is to create an entirely new class of therapeutics that could treat a spectrum of infectious diseases with a single mechanism -- without the onset of resistance.
Hedrick's team tested the polymers on mice infected with five hard-to-treat, multi-drug resistant bacteria: Acinetobacter baumannii; E. coli; Klebsiella pneumoniae; methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureu and Pseudomonas aeruginosa. These superbugs are commonly acquired by hospital patients, and can cause systemic infections that lead to septic shock and multiple-organ failure.
The bacteria were killed. No toxic side effects were seen. Within three days, the polymers decayed and were eliminated from the body.
Significantly, the team found that the bacteria did not show any development of resistance even after multiple treatments with the polymer. That's because it acts so quickly, the bacteria don't evolve.
The next phase of the research is to show that the polymer doesn't build up in the body. Then IBM hopes to team up with pharmaceutical companies to develop the polymer into a specific therapy, test it in patients and, hopefully, bring it to market.
It won't be cheap; a lab-engineered polymer will likely cost more to make than traditional antibiotics.
But it could offer a critical new weapon when there are no options left, Hedrick said.
"Superbugs that are resistant to antibiotics are a serious health threat," he said. "The medical community needs more choices in treating patients."
© 2018 San Jose Mercury News under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock/Artist's concept.
19 total views, 0 views today
The defense for mock trial Team 1 dominated the Northwood Gladiators by seven points and Team 2's plaintiff managed a two point win over the Wootton Patriots Thursday night at the Montgomery County Circuit Courthouse. These wins improve both teams' records to 1–1.
This is the first year that the mock trial team has split into two independent teams of 12 members, each further divided into a defense and plaintiff team, six members each. Last week, Team 1's plaintiff and Team 2's defense both lost their trials. For more information about the mock trial activity, read a previous Black & White article here.
Team 1's plaintiff and Team 2's defense will take on the Seneca Valley Screaming Eagles and Blair Blazers, respectively, next Thursday at 6 p.m. at the Montgomery County Circuit Courthouse.
Comments
You are encouraged to leave relevant comments but engaging in personal attacks, threats, online bullying or commercial spam will not be allowed. All comments should remain within the bounds of fair play and civility. (You can disagree with others courteously, without being disagreeable.) Feel free to express yourself but keep an open mind toward finding value in what others say. To report abuse or spam, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box.
Shonda Rhimes, one of the best-known producers in television, is making the leap from ABC to Netflix. And the timing could not be more significant.
Rhimes' existing hit shows like "Grey's Anatomy" will keep airing on ABC. But she will develop new shows exclusively for the streaming service.
This is what's known as a production deal in Hollywood. Right now the Shondaland production company is affiliated with ABC Studios. But Rhimes and her producing partner Betsy Beers will move Shondaland to Netflix, where they will conceive "new series and other projects," according to an overnight announcement by Netflix.
Rhimes' biggest shows -- "Grey's Anatomy," "Scandal" and "How to Get Away with Murder" -- already stream on Netflix in various parts of the world after premiering on ABC.
Netflix wants Rhimes' future shows premiering on its streaming service, giving families even more reason to sign up and stay subscribed.
Rhimes said in a statement that she was looking for an "opportunity to build a vibrant new storytelling home for writers with the unique creative freedom and instantaneous global reach provided by Netflix's singular sense of innovation." She said "the future of Shondaland at Netflix has limitless possibilities."
Netflix is no doubt paying a huge sum of money to poach Shondaland. But the terms of the multi-year deal were not disclosed.
The Wall Street Journal, which broke the news, called it "the latest twist in a battle between Disney and Netflix for entertainment-industry supremacy."
That's because just last week Disney, which owns ABC, confirmed it will let its existing deal with Netflix expire in 2019 and go its own way by launching Disney-owned streaming services.
Others in Hollywood are plotting similar moves, entering more direct competition with Netflix, which is by far the biggest streaming service.
Part of Netflix's plan is recruiting A-listers like Rhimes to make exclusive shows.
Shondaland has had some misses along with hits.
"The Catch" and "Still Star-Crossed" both failed to gain enough of a following on ABC.
But "Grey's Anatomy" is one of the tentpoles of the network. It launched more than a decade ago and led Rhimes to take over an entire night of ABC's prime time lineup.
"Scandal" is coming to an end on ABC after one more season. But Rhimes and Beers have a "Grey's Anatomy" spinoff in the works for ABC.
"I'm proud to have given a home to what have become some of the most celebrated and talked about shows on television," ABC Entertainment President Channing Dungey said in a statement reacting to the Netflix news.
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
By MARLEY JAY
AP Markets Writer
NEW YORK (AP) - U.S. stocks are climbing Wednesday and have recovered almost all of their losses from the day before as investors hope Italy might be able to avoid a new round of elections. Banks are rising along with bond yields after outsize losses a day ago and energy companies are breaking out of a five-day losing streak as oil prices rise. Smaller companies are surging after they suffered only modest losses the day before.
KEEPING SCORE: The S&P 500 index gained 32 points, or 1.2 percent, to 2,722 as of 12:15 p.m. Eastern time. It lost 1.2 percent Tuesday. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 272 points, or 1.1 percent, to 24,633. The Nasdaq composite added 70 points, or 1 percent, to 7,467. The Russell 2000 index leaped 24 points, or 1.5 percent, to 1,648, which put the index on pace for another record close.
The Russell fell less than the rest of the market on Tuesday and has fared better than other indexes in recent weeks. It closed at an all-time high on May 21.
ITALY IN FOCUS: Stocks in the U.S. and Europe sank Tuesday as investors worried that Italy would have new elections in a few months and that the vote would become a referendum on whether Italy, the third-largest economy in Europe, would stay in the euro. On Wednesday, premier-designate Carlo Cottarelli said there were "new possibilities" to form a government.
Italy's FTSE MIB stock index climbed 2.1 percent after a 2.7 percent drop a day earlier. Prices for Italian government bonds also rose, sending yields down following a huge surge the day before.
The euro rose to $1.1660 from $1.1531 a day earlier, which was its lowest level in almost a year. The dollar rose to 108.98 yen from 108.24 yen.
Germany's DAX climbed 0.9 percent while the FTSE 100 index in Britain rose 0.7 percent. The CAC 40 in France lost 0.2 percent.
BONDS: Bond prices fell. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.85 percent from 2.79 percent. Interest rates rose and bank stocks recovered about half of their losses from Tuesday. When rates rise, banks can make more money on mortgages and other types of loans.
TRADE WOES: A day after the U.S. renewed a threat to raise duties on a $50 billion list of Chinese goods, China's government accused the Trump administration of hurting its credibility by acting erratically and vowed to react if new tariffs are implemented. China said the new threat conflicts with an agreement in mid-May aimed at settling the dispute. It had threatened to respond by raising tariffs on beef, soybeans, and other imports from the U.S.
Investors have moved money into smaller and more U.S.-focused companies in response to the ongoing trade tensions, while multinational companies have had a rougher ride. Unlike the Russell, S&P 500 and Nasdaq, the Dow average has yet to recover from Tuesday's losses.
ENERGY: Energy companies rose as U.S. crude oil climbed 2.4 percent to $68.36 per barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, added 2.5 percent to $77.33 a barrel in London.
Exxon Mobil jumped 3.5 percent to $81.18 and Chevron rallied 2.9 percent to $124.88.
Oil prices fell 7.6 percent in the last week following reports OPEC countries and Russia might start producing more oils soon. Those countries cut production at the start of 2017, which helped take U.S. crude from about $50 a barrel in late 2016 to more than $70 this month. They had agreed to keep production at its current levels until the end of this year, but upheaval in Venezuela and new sanctions on Iran could change their plans.
EARNINGS: Wall Street continued to pore over quarterly results from retailers. Dick's Sporting Goods soared 25.2 percent to $38.15 after it raised its annual profit forecast. Its first-quarter report was better than expected thanks in part to strong online sales. Watchmaker Movado Group rallied 15.8 percent to $48.85.
Elsewhere, printer and PC maker HP also raised its profit projections after its earnings and sales surpassed analyst estimates. HP climbed 4 percent to $22.15.
Clothing company Chico's FAS plunged 20.5 percent to $7.95 after its profit fell short of expectations and luxury retailer Michael Kors dropped 13.2 percent to $59.24 following a disappointing forecast for the year. Shoe retailer DSW gave up some of its gains from earlier in the year as it lost 7.1 percent to $24.22.
SURVEY SAYS: Payroll processor ADP said private U.S. businesses added 178,000 jobs in May. That's a solid number even though it's not as many jobs as they added over the winter. ADP reported strong hiring in the construction, education and health care fields as well as professional and business services. The federal government will release a jobs report Friday that also includes hiring by government agencies.
ASIA: Japan's Nikkei 225 stock index dropped 1.5 percent and the Kospi of South Korea dropped 2. The Hang Seng in Hong Kong slipped 1.4 percent.
____
AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP . His work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/marley%20jay
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
With every outlandish company announcement or tweet, Musk can come across as a visionary, swindler or master publicist. But regardless, he grabs news headlines, customers place down payments on products they might not see for months, and Tesla's valuation climbs higher.
Musk's stories are irresistible, and a key reason is that he taps into the public's science fiction fantasies. For decades, sci-fi has shaped our very conception of what the future should be like. At a moment in which technology seems to be leading us toward a dystopia, Musk appears to be everyone's best shot at getting the future they've dreamt of.
"They're buying into his futurist vision of completely untraversed worlds and ideas and opportunities that no one can see or think of, but when he describes them, you're inspired," said Americus Reed, a professor of marketing at the University of Pennsylvania's Wharton School. "That's why science fiction is attractive to us. It takes us out of our comfort zone and opens up our mind to an entirely new way of thinking, a new universe of all kinds of whimsical and even, in some cases, frightening possibilities."
Reed studies the way that personal identity shapes purchasing behavior. In Musk's case, consumers feel like they're investing in their future selves by buying his products, matching who they are now with who they expect to be in a fantastical future. At the same time, they can vicariously become a little more like Musk, the visionary. Musk's name has become synonymous with -- if not bigger than -- his companies. To buy into SpaceX, Tesla or The Boring Company is to trust that Musk will make good on his vision of the future.
Musk's appeal as entrepreneur and technologist is not about what he does but who he is. At different times, he's been compared to industrialist Henry Ford, fraudster P.T. Barnum, inventor Thomas Edison and literal superhero Tony Stark. He is not only trying to remold the entrenched industries of automotive, energy and interplanetary travel but also, as writer Neil Strauss points out, to disrupt our very relationship with distance and time. He is, essentially, a geek icon.
"The decision to move from selling hats to flamethrowers to financing a massive tunnel-boring operation is such a preposterous proposition that it's hard not to be charmed by it," said Dan Casey, senior editor at Nerdist and host of Muskwatch, a weekly online video series covering exactly what it sounds like. "There is a cult of personality around Musk that you don't see with similar wealthy tech magnates, CEOs and entrepreneurs. Jeff Bezos may be wealthier, and Tim Cook sits on the throne of an empire of Apple products ... but they are straight-up boring compared to Musk."
In an age in which all tech entrepreneurs promise they have the keys to the future, Musk also offers something else: a "meaningful worldview." This was the conclusion of Ashlee Vance, author of the biography Elon Musk: Tesla, SpaceX, and the Quest for a Fantastic Future and a reporter for Bloomberg Businessweek. "Where Mark Zuckerberg wants to help you share baby photos, Musk wants you to ... well ... save the human race from self-imposed or accidental annihilation," Vance writes. Creating a sustainable ecosystem beyond our planet is Musk's organizing purpose, giving each of his projects an almost moral clarity.
Consumer trust in Musk is important for more than publicity. His products and services come from the future: By nature, he's selling a dream that won't materialize anytime soon. Musk has a reputation for overestimating how many cars Tesla can produce, and the upcoming Falcon Heavy test flight was initially slated for last summer. Tesla loses money -- nearly half a million dollars per hour, reported Bloomberg in November -- and the country's onetime most valuable automaker is often referred to as an overvalued "story stock."
Customers are funding the company too. Tesla has taken at least $400 million in deposits for the Model 3, the company's midrange sedan, even though production is behind schedule. "[Musk] appeals to the futurist in all of us, as we dream of what might be. And he's savvy enough to ask us to pay up front, thereby getting his customers to provide the funding for his dreams," said John Mullins, an associate professor of management practice at London Business School. This is why Musk needs a robust mythology: It not only raises capital from both his investors and individual consumers but also staves off the fear that his companies may be peddling vaporware. Perhaps when he sells trinkets like The Boring Company's flamethrowers and hats, it's also to remind us that his companies can produce tangible goods.
While Musk's sci-fi indulgences could easily be interpreted as pure marketing stunts, Vance, the biographer who spent a year with Musk for his book, said the entrepreneur believes in his grand concepts.
"There's no question to me that, at the heart of this, it is very genuine," Vance told Engadget. "Elon, you've got to remember, grew up as a rabid science fiction geek. He probably literally read every single science fiction book in his city, Pretoria, when he was growing up."
"When he says, 'I want to go to Mars and create a multi-planetary species,' to me, there is no gimmick behind that at all. That is his honest-to-God driving principle of life. It's the only thing that really explains why he was willing to risk all of his money and his time and his marriages and time with his children to do all of this stuff."
There is evidence that Musk is driven by more than riches. After his sale of PayPal to eBay, he took home about $180 million that promptly went into SpaceX, Tesla and renewable energy company SolarCity. In 2014, he announced Tesla would make all of its patents open source. Just last month, Musk said he would take no salary from Tesla for the next decade, only getting paid in shares if he hits wildly ambitious milestones (for living expenses, he borrows against his shares).
For sure, Musk knows how to publicize his star power, particularly to his 18.4 million Twitter followers. Though disingenuousness on social media can be sniffed out in a second, Musk can come across online as funny, eccentric and intelligent. "He's got kind of like a wicked sense of humor that I don't think people always appreciate," Vance said. "There's no way Ford's CEO is going to sell flamethrowers to the public. He's on his own level."
The real test of Musk's authenticity will be when his projects actually reach the market and evolve into something more than playthings for the rich. Right now, Falcon Heavy is set to launch in four days, and Tesla's Model 3 is already rolling out. With hope, we'll soon know if the future Musk has got us all dreaming about is the reality we've long desired -- or sheer fantasy.
Images: SpaceX (Spacesuit, Mars colony layout)
Historics to headline Thruxton anniversary
An array of historic races, high-speed demonstration sessions and the opening of the new Thruxton Centre are all part of this weekend's 50th anniversary meeting at the Thruxton circuit.
First opened for racing in 1968, the demanding high-speed track continues to deliver some of the most exciting racing in the UK and its half century will be celebrated in style - including a demonstration run by Karun Chandhok in an ex-Keke Rosberg Cosworth DFV-powered Williams FW08C.
Nigel Mansell and Murray Walker will be on hand on Sunday to officially open the new £2million Thruxton Centre, the multi-purpose hospitality and events facility based adjacent to Allard Corner.
Thruxton hosted the European Formula 2 Championship each Easter for all but one year from 1968 until '84 and those events will be remembered by the return of the Formula 2 March 722 raced by three-time Formula 1 world champion Niki Lauda in 1972.
The Austrian finished third behind the similar cars of Ronnie Peterson and Francois Cevert on Easter Monday that year.
Chassis 5 has spent many years in Australia but has been brought back to the UK by ex-pat Stephen Weller, who will race it in the 'Spirit of Thruxton' single-seater races.
The Woodcote Trophy and Stirling Moss Trophy will join together to provide a stunning grid of more than 30 sportscars from the 1950s.
The earlier cars contest the Woodcote Trophy, where the Jaguar D-type of the Pearson brothers takes on Chris Ward's Cooper Jaguar, while the Grahame and Oliver Bryant Lotus 15 will go up against various Listers in the Moss contest for late 1950s sports-racers.
Historics to headline Thruxton anniversary
Richard Tarling, Cameron Jackson, Callum Grant and Ben Mitchell are the current top names that will compete in a bumper field of Historic Formula Ford 1600s, with Thruxton legend Tiff Needell joining the grid for the weekend in his Lotus 69.
Story Continues
After leaving Thruxton last weekend in the lead of the British Touring Car Championship, Adam Morgan will return to the Hampshire track to share the 1980 Ford Capri of Ric Wood in the pair of Historic Touring Car Challenge races.
Former BTCC racers Patrick Watts (Ford Capri) and Steve Soper (Rover Vitesse) are also in the entry.
The Rat Machine
My daily driver is a boring Home Depot truck. It's that mid-2000s, white, 5.3L, Silverado with the extra cab half-door and a long bed that you see everywhere. Go to Home Depot this weekend if you want to see 50 of them parked in a row.
The reason I am telling you this is because my other two vehicles are something you might be interested in and represent a shift in car culture. First is a 1971 Dodge Demon. It's what used to be called Pro Street or a door car, but now it would be described as a nice, but slow, version of a big-tire no prep or grudge car. It's on 31/13.0s with a four-link and has an EFI twin-turbo 6.4L Hemi that makes 1,000 hp.
The Demon is square in the center of the shift from high-dollar paint jobs applied by a celebrity artist, which it has, to simple monochrome or even a regression to primer for big and small-tire cars were seeing on No Mercy and Cash Days vids on YouTube. The Demon is glossy and fast, and plunders the awards and attention at the local car show, but is too much of a beauty queen to get any street cred after midnight at the End of the World or Central Valley races. You'll see its new powerplant on the October cover if you haven't already seen it on your FB feed or Instagram.
The second vehicle is a 1975 Bronco that was assembled using spare parts from hundreds of tech stories that I have written for Car Craft and now HOT ROD magazines. Somewhere around 2014, we put together a Ford Racing 351 using a BOSS short block and a set of RHS heads. It makes about 600 hp on pump gas with a big, rowdy roller cam, short Flowmasters, and a carburetor. We stripped off (or they fell off) all of the spray-can painted panels and had them shot with some free paint given to us by Axalta so none of the colors match. I've found over the years that on the street, the Bronco gets more attention, and is more fun than almost any other car I've driven, including the 71 and halo cars from the factory. It has rust everywhere and three colors of paint- so what gives?
The Bronco connects to the generation that is seeing more fast beaters on the internet than high-dollar cars. Young guys are pulling trucks out of the weeds like the Gen X guys did with musclecars in the 80s and 90s and swapping in new technology for what they call no prep (street racing) and car meets (cruising). It's the same rear-wheel-drive ethos, but with a lot of different jargon and creative uses of C10s and Volvos bringing the whole thing full circle. Rust is in, so go ahead, drive what makes you happy.
Lawyers for President Donald Trump's longtime personal attorney Michael Cohen are racing to review millions of files seized by the FBI in last month's raids of his home, office and hotel room, but they say they are running out of time.
Interested in Donald Trump? Add Donald Trump as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Donald Trump news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
In a hearing in Manhattan on Wednesday, Judge Kimba Wood of the Southern District of New York set a deadline of June 15 to complete their review, despite strenuous objections from Cohen's legal team.
Cohen's lawyers said they have about 3.7 million files to sift through, but they are only about a third of the way to completion.
“We are moving heaven and earth,” said Todd Harrison, one of Cohen's attorneys. “We have people sleeping on couches. We are working around the clock.”
Steven Ryan, Cohen's lead counsel, told the judge “I need more time” and lobbied — unsuccessfully — for a mid-July deadline. The judge said she needed to balance the need for a careful review with the need to move the case forward and noted that the special master, who is also reviewing documents as they are produced by the government, had no problem “speeding up as necessary.”
If Cohen's legal team is unable to complete their review, Judge Wood said she would assign any remaining material to a government “taint team,” a group of federal prosecutors not directly involved in the case, to decide what if any material is subject to the attorney-client privilege.
Elizabeth Williams/AP, FILE
Federal prosecutors also revealed for the first time that among the items seized Cohen last months was a shredding machine, the contents of which are among the only items that the government has not yet turned over to the special master or Cohen's legal team.
Federal prosecutors declined to comment on whether they would try to reassemble the contents of the shredder before turning them over or whether the very existence of a shredding machine necessitated the search warrant out of fear Cohen was attempting to destroy evidence. In defending the raids, the Justice Department has previously expressed concern that “absent a search warrant, these records could have been deleted without record, and without recourse for the law enforcement.”
The hearing was otherwise dominated by Michael Avenatti, the firebrand attorney who represents adult-film star Stormy Daniels, whose real name is Stephanie Clifford. Avenatti has taken to Twitter in recent weeks to accuse both Cohen and Trump of various forms of corruption unrelated to the civil case Daniels filed against Trump in California, and he has sought to intervene in the federal case against Cohen in New York while using court appearances to continue his public crusade against them.
Avenatti is not admitted to the bar in New York State, so he filed paperwork asking the judge to allow him to appear in court specifically for this case, but the judge made it clear that would she would not tolerate any attempts by Avenatti to seek “publicity” from his appearance in her courtroom.
“You will not be able to use this court as a platform,” Judge Wood said. “Until you are admitted here I don't expect you to be heard. I can't control what you do outside.”
Eduardo Munoz Alvarez/Getty Images
Cohen's attorney Ryan accused Avenatti of self-interested grandstanding, saying Avenatti's release of some of Cohen's financial records amounted to a “premeditated drive-by shooting” of Cohen's rights.
“He is involved in ways that call attention to himself,” Ryan said in opposition to Avenatti's motion to be admitted. “This is about the aggrandizement of a single attorney.”
An attorney for President Trump, Joanna Hendon, joined Cohen's in seeking to keep Avenatti out of the case, saying Avenatti “is prepared to be not straightforward” with the court and accusing him of being “cute” with the facts.
Avenatti denied doing anything improper and complained about audio recordings of a conversation between Cohen and Daniels' prior lawyer Keith Davidson that were leaked to the Wall Street Journal. Ryan, however, assured the judge that any audio tapes in his possession remain “under lock and key.”
Shortly after the hearing, Avenatti withdrew his application for admission without prejudice, meaning he could choose to renew the motion at a later time, though he does not appear to be stepping back from the case.
He took to Twitter on Wednesday afternoon, promising to continue to “bring the facts and evidence to the American people.”
ABC News' James Hill and Josh Margolin contributed to this report.
OTTAWA — The federal Conservatives say if the Liberals are willing to put up billions of dollars to save the Trans Mountain pipeline to the West Coast, they should be willing to provide the same level of certainty to revive the Energy East line to the East Coast.
Opposition parties are sharpening their attacks on the government's decision to buy Trans Mountain for $4.5 billion to ensure it gets built, with the Conservatives looking to see how far the government is willing to go on other pipelines and the NDP arguing the Liberals have completely abandoned their environmental principles.
Conservative MP Lisa Raitt says the government seems to take for granted the 32 seats it won in Atlantic Canada in the last election, since it is willing to give certainty to Trans Mountain but didn't step in to save Energy East when TransCanada pulled the plug on that project last fall.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau says Energy East is "old news" and the Conservatives are just embarrassed that they couldn't get pipelines built when they were in government.
Authorities in Guatemala have raised by more than 130 the number of people officially missing from last month's deadly eruption of the Volcano of Fire.
The country's disaster agency says in a statement that the new figure is 332, up from 197 previously.
It said Wednesday that the revision followed a review of nearly 200,000 records and verifying lists of people living in shelters.
The Volcano of Fire is one of the region's most active, located to the southwest of Guatemala City.
Authorities have confirmed at least 113 deaths from the June 3 eruption, which sent superheated flows raging through small villages. Eighty-five of those bodies have been identified.
BERLIN (AP) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel said Wednesday that the European Union will make every effort to avoid a trade war with the United States, and underlined her country's commitment to raise defense spending gradually - another point of contention with Washington.
President Donald Trump's administration has imposed tariffs on EU steel and aluminum imports and is mulling whether to add tariffs on cars, trucks and auto parts, something that could be painful for Germany with its major auto industry.
"It is worth every effort to try to defuse this conflict so that it doesn't turn into a real war, but of course there are two sides to that," Merkel told the German parliament, noting that the head of the EU's executive Commission, Jean-Claude Juncker, will soon travel to the U.S.
She added that the good functioning of the world economy depends on countries working together as partners, and also questioned the value of measuring surpluses and deficits by trade in goods alone. If digital services were included, she said, it's likely that the U.S. would have a trade surplus with Europe.
"It is almost old-fashioned only to count goods and not to count services," she said.
The U.S. is also pressing Germany over what it considers insufficient defense spending ahead of NATO's July 11-12 summit in Brussels. In 2014, NATO allies agreed to stop cutting defense budgets, start spending more than their economies grew and move toward a goal of devoting 2 percent of GDP to defense within a decade.
Germany's current spending amounts to 1.24 percent of GDP.
Merkel said that, though spending is rising, "relative to what others are doing in terms of their gross domestic product, that is far from sufficient." She added that "that is why we have committed to spend 1.5 percent of gross domestic product for this by 2025," and defended Germany's position.
"Germany is a reliable partner in NATO," Merkel said. "We are the second-biggest troop provider, we participate in many missions, and Germany will remain a reliable partner in NATO."
In a message to skeptics at home, she added that "we can't act as though the issue of defense weren't a pressing one in our time."
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
21:51 Reported News Briefs Iyar 9, 5778 , 24/04/18 Iyar 9, 5778 , 24/04/18 Trump: No one knows what I will do on May 12 Read more US President coy on decision on Iran nuclear deal, warns Iran will pay big price if it threatens the US. ► ◄ Last Briefs
Six former Derbyshire county councillors are to be made honorary aldermen and alderwomen.
Annette Noskwith CBE, Joyce Sanders, Stuart Ellis, John Harrison, Andrew Lewer MP MBE and John Williams have been chosen in recognition of their significant service to the county council.
Annette Noskwith represented Sandiacre for 42 years from 1967 to 2009.
Joyce Sanders was elected for Belper and served from 1997 to 2009.
Stuart Ellis represented Holymoorside and Wingerworth from 2009 to 2017 and was a cabinet support member for education, leadship and culture.
John Harrison was the member for Melbourne from 2000 to 2013 and was also a cabinet member.
Andrew Lewer was leader of Derbyshire County Council from 2009 to 2013 and represented Ashbourne.
John Williams was leader of the council from 2001 to 2009 and was the member for Staveley.
The new honorary aldermen and alderwomen will be presented with a badge of office and their name recorded on a roll of office.
While theywon't have the right to participate in the meetings of Derbyshire County Council or its committees beyond that of any member of the public, or to claim any allowances payable under the members' allowance scheme. they will be invited to civic ceremonies, meetings and events.
Councillor Barry Lewis, leader of the council and cabinet member for strategic leadership, culture and tourism said: “It will be a great pleasure for me to see this honour bestowed on our new honorary aldermen and alderwomen. They have all served the county with dedication and have earned the respect of the public and of council members.
“I'm sure they'll take great pride in their new role and continue to represent our county with honour.”
The six former members will receive the honour on Wednesday, February 7, at a special meeting before the meeting of full council.
Honorary aldermen and alderwomen will receive invitations to civic events and ceremonies, receive council papers and be accorded death honours as for serving members.They will be addressed by the courtesy title, Honorary Alderman or Honorary Alderwoman
Nina Etc. (Classic Rock & Roll, Jazz, Blues) will perform Tuesday, Aug. 15, at the Town Hall gazebo at 7 p.m. In case of rain, concerts will be held on Thursday of that week. Bring lawn chairs or a blanket to sit on..
Next concert Tuesday, Aug. 22, Mia & the Riff (Soul, Funk, R&B, Rock & Roll).
There is a warning going out to people in one East Baton Rouge Parish city to be alert about suspicious phone calls.
The Zachary Police Department reported “scammers” are calling people and claiming to be with Zachary Travel.
Investigators said the callers are telling people they have won a free trip and need to put a credit card on file in order to secure the free trip.
Zachary PD said it has contacted the travel agency and "these calls are confirmed to be a scam."
Officials advise that people never give financial information over the phone unless they are certain who they are giving it to.
Copyright 2017 WAFB. All rights reserved.
Wike to Fed Govt: give us true federalism
The Nation Newspaper
Rivers State Governor Nyesom Wike has called for what he described as true federalism where all federating units are allowed to develop in line with their potentials and resources. The governor emphasised that the demand for true federalism simply …
and more »
Is this the most quintessentially Yorkshire moment ever?
Two of the county's sporting heroes stepped in to rescue some lambs which had escaped from a field in the Dales.
Olympic triathletes Alistair and Jonny Brownlee were cycling one of their favourite routes last week on a pre-Easter training ride.
And the Leeds-based stars didn't hesitate to help out when they spotted the spring lambs in trouble.
Seeing the creatures had escaped onto the road, the brothers picked them up and returned them to safety.
Such a competent display of animal husbandry will no doubt have impressed their youngest brother Ed, who is currently studying to become a vet.
Transcript for 'The Briefing Room': Terror attack near New York's Times Square
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
It was April 2012, and I was standing outside a Brooklyn subway station, handing out fliers for the May 1 general strike. Organizers were calling on employees to refuse to go to work and for students to refuse to go to school. We were urging everybody to gather in the streets instead for a festival of resistance and to demand economic justice.
“Just try running this city without our labor.”
Our fliers said “No work, no school,” and we meant it. We knew that getting even 5 percent of the city's workers and students to strike would show the 99 percent's willingness to walk away from an economy that exploited them. “Just try running this city without our labor,” we wanted to say.
But when May Day came around, we found most businesses bustling. Shopping and banking went on without a hitch. Even though thousands of people in cities across the United States participated, our organizing just hadn't been strong enough to make a dent in business as usual.
Today, there are new calls for strikes in response to the actions of the Trump administration. The novelist Francine Prose published the first of these at the Guardian website. “Let's designate a day on which no one (that is, anyone who can do so without being fired) goes to work, a day when no one shops or spends money, a day on which we truly make our economic and political power felt,” she wrote. Shortly after that, the creator behind the TV show The Wire, David Simon, suggested the date of Feb. 17 on Twitter. “No one spends, no one produces,” Simon tweeted in response to a critic. “The metric they understand is profit.”
Organizers quickly put together a website and are organizing local events in almost every state via a Google doc. This strike has two specific demands, according to its website, both of which ask members of Congress to stand up for the U.S. Constitution.
But Feb. 17 is just the beginning.
Feb. 17 is just the beginning.
A group of women authors, including civil rights leader Angela Davis, is calling for a second strike on March 8. This one is less focused on Trump and more on building “a feminism for the 99 percent” and maintaining the momentum from the Women's March on Jan. 21, in which as many as 5 million people took the streets.
“The idea is to mobilize women, including trans women, and all who support them in an international day of struggle—a day of striking, marching, blocking roads, bridges, and squares, abstaining from domestic, care and sex work, boycotting, calling out misogynistic politicians and companies, striking in educational institutions,” the organizers wrote.
And there is even talk of another strike date on May 1, with organizing just getting started.
Will the results of these new strikes add up to more than the one I worked on in 2012?
There is some evidence that they just might. But, even if they don't, the currently planned strikes offer the people a chance to practice a political tool that has recently helped Europeans push back against far-right governments and austerity. Americans who oppose Trump's government would do well to learn that history and to think about how large-scale strikes could work here.
Europe's successful strikes are not limited to purely economic issues.
First of all, organizers are looking carefully at Europe, where unions and other groups have staged 63 general strikes between 2000 and 2016. These strikes “caused governments to change or drop the proposals that had provoked the strike” an impressive 42 percent of the time, according to an analysis in the Washington Post. The most successful strikes were ones that opposed economic legislation affecting large swaths of the population, such as bills to cut pensions.
Europe's successful strikes are not limited to purely economic issues. Just a few months ago, millions of women and male allies in Poland boycotted work and school and spent Oct. 3 in the streets. They were striking against a proposed anti-abortion bill that would have criminalized nearly any termination of a pregnancy—including in cases of rape and incest. In response, Poland's conservative government walked back the bill.
Meanwhile, this year's strikes are already showing signs of creativity. The March 8 strike in particular is taking a tack different from Occupy, and the results could be exciting. In addition to drawing inspiration from that history, the organizing for the March 8 strike is led by women of color. That's affecting their approach in ways that seem likely to broaden participation.
Tithi Battacharya is a professor at Purdue University and one of the co-authors of the March 8 call to strike. She doesn't call it a “general strike” because anti-striking laws and low union density currently block that possibility—and retaliation against strikers would likely hit vulnerable women of color the hardest. She prefers the term “mass strike,” a notion that's designed to be more inclusive: “We are calling for demonstrations, walk-outs, sex strikes: a range of actions that will be a show of collective resistance by women, which will take different forms depending on the local context.”
This year's strikes are already showing signs of creativity.
Battacharya reported that she's been in talks with the organizers of the general strike called for Feb. 17, as well as those behind the Jan. 21 Women's March. A number of others are considering adding their support, including the Chicago Teachers Union, leaders affiliated with Black Lives Matter, and several groups that advocate for the rights of Palestinians.
Large feminist organizations are also interested in the plan. “The National Organization for Women's methods have always included direct actions, like marching and striking,” said Terry O'Neill, the group's president. She confirmed that her organization, which reaches hundreds of thousands of people, will work to bring them out for the March 8 women's strike. She can't describe the details just yet—her staff of nine has been busy with efforts to fight Donald Trump's cabinet nominations—but she says much of the work will be carried out by the organization's local chapters, which operate autonomously.
“At this moment, direct action, general strike, talking to your neighbors about the white supremacist agenda of the Trump administration and the Republicans in Congress—that's the way to get the word out,” O'Neill said.
A recent piece by Alex Gourevitch in Jacobin pointed to the bloody history of traditional general strikes in the United States, which provoked harsh, militarized reactions from the government. Gourevitch concludes that today's organizers are trying to “leapfrog all the hard, long-term political work” and are “severely disconnected from reality.”
A traditional general strike is out of reach.
Gourevitch is right that a traditional general strike is out of reach. But the organizers of the March 8 strike are acutely aware of that fact, and are looking to women's uprisings for another way forward. The Polish women's strike never seriously attempted to shut down all commerce across the country. It was more like a giant march in which participants across the country boycotted work and school wherever they could—and a number of large companies shut down in solidarity. That turned out to be enough to help defeat the right-wing government's abortion ban.
Of course, it's possible that we in the United States just aren't angry enough to follow in their footsteps. The Trump administration, after all, has not asked Congress for a blanket ban on abortion like the one that led to the Polish women's strike. And we haven't seen cuts to social programs like the ones that led to many other general strikes in Europe—at least not yet.
Still, activists were able to bring out as many as 5 million people for the Women's March last month. If just a fraction of those millions join in on Feb. 17 and March 8, people in this country may learn how to get their strike on again—in a way that makes sense in this moment and centers those with the most to lose. The best way to start is to show up on Friday ready to learn.
OTTAWA – Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland says two Canadians were among 18 people killed in a suspected extremist attack on a popular restaurant in Burkina Faso.
The incident happened late Sunday when suspected Islamic extremists opened fire at a Turkish restaurant in the country's capital.
“It is with very great sorrow that I can confirm the deaths of two Canadians in yesterday's attack in Burkina Faso,” Freeland said on Monday.
“The heartfelt condolences of our government go out to the loved ones of those targeted and the victims of this tragic attack. Canadian consular officials are working hard to provide assistance to their loved ones.”
Local authorities say other foreigners killed include two Kuwaitis and one person each from France, Senegal, Nigeria, Lebanon and Turkey.
Seven Burkina Faso citizens were also killed and authorities said three other victims had not yet been identified.
There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the violence, which continued into the early hours Monday.
At least three members of Burkina Faso's security forces were wounded during the assault, said Capt. Guy Ye, spokesman of the security forces.
The assailants arrived at the restaurant on motorcycles and then began shooting randomly at the crowds dining Sunday evening, he said. Security forces arrived at the scene with armoured vehicles after reports of shots fired near Aziz Istanbul.
The attack brought back painful memories of the January 2016 attack at another cafe that left 30 people dead.
Burkina Faso, a landlocked nation in West Africa, is one of the poorest countries in the world. It shares a northern border with Mali, which has long battled Islamic extremists.
— with files from the Associated Press.
CHAPEL HILL, N.C. -- No. 19 North Carolina has experienced troubling issues recently, but its three-game losing streak looks mild compared with what Pittsburgh is going through.
Pittsburgh arrives Saturday night at the Smith Center with a 10-game losing streak.
"They're struggling right now, but at the same time we're struggling," North Carolina senior guard Theo Pinson said Friday.
North Carolina (16-7, 5-5 Atlantic Coast Conference) is trying to avoid its first four-game skid since a stretch in January-February 2010.
Part of the backdrop for the game involves North Carolina junior swingman Cameron Johnson. He's a graduate transfer from Pittsburgh who became immediately eligible after an offseason delay in granting clearance for a transfer within the ACC.
Johnson is coming off the best offensive game of his career when he poured in 32 points Tuesday night in an 82-78 loss at Clemson.
Johnson started in 34 games across two seasons with Pittsburgh. This season, he's averaging 12.7 points in 12 games after missing the first 11 with injuries.
"Not speaking from experience, I don't really know," Williams said of Johnson's mindset for the game against his former team. "Just play basketball."
Pitt coach Kevin Stallings is a former assistant coach under Williams at Kansas.
Pittsburgh (8-15, 0-10) has used lineup combinations with five freshmen on the court this season, so those Panthers never played alongside Johnson in the past.
In its last three games, Pittsburgh gave spirited efforts with chances to win against North Carolina State and Syracuse, and challenged Miami earlier this week.
"We have played better basketball, but still don't have anything to show for it," Stallings said. "Our defense has continued to get a little better."
Stallings said there's no sense fretting about the disappointing results. He's intent on seeing improvement.
It had been a while since Cats Illustrated touched base with Louisville (Ky.) DuPont Manual athlete Aidan Robbins, but with Vince Marrow taking on a greater role in UK's in-state recruiting efforts...
Sixteen-year-old Murad Rahimov peered down into a gigantic space he had only dreamed about before: the world's largest clean room, kept scrupulously free of any dust or contamination, where NASA assembles and tests spacecraft before launch.
Murad's eyes gleamed and a smile played on his face as he took it all in — the scientists encased in sterile white suits; the replica of the massive new space telescope, the most powerful ever built, that will study the first galaxies born after the Big Bang.
Murad is obsessed with space. He has been ever since he was three, back in his home country Uzbekistan. His young imagination was sparked when his aunt gave him a picture book about space, and he couldn't stop looking at the images of the solar system. Soon after, he told his parents his dream: He wanted to become an astronaut and work for NASA.
On this recent day, he was getting a private tour of NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Md., thanks to an NPR listener who heard about Murad's passion for space in a story that aired earlier this year. In January, NPR profiled the Rahimov family on the day they became naturalized as U.S. citizens. The Rahimovs immigrated to the U.S. from Uzbekistan in 2010, when Murad was nine. When they first landed in Kansas City, Murad spoke no English. Now, heading into his junior year of high school, he's on an accelerated track, taking extra classes in the summer and packing his schedule with AP courses.
Listener Aaron Schnittman heard that story on the radio, and his ears perked up when he heard that Murad's goal is to work for NASA. He emailed NPR that same day, that his brother is a research astronomer working for NASA at Goddard. "I think it would be a cool follow up to connect the son to my brother and help him make the connections needed to pursue studies in astronomy," he wrote.
Cool, indeed. The connection was made, emails were exchanged, and last week, at the invitation of Jeremy Schnittman, Murad and his mother, Limara Rahimova, made the trip to Goddard outside Washington, D.C. Schnittman, an astrophysicist who specializes in black holes, spent several hours showing the Rahimovs the inner workings of the space flight center and sharing his enthusiasm for space science.
Murad was clearly in his element, sporting a t-shirt with a picture of the Millennium Falcon spaceship from Star Wars, and a line from the movie: "the fastest hunk of junk in the galaxy."
He and his mother got to see the giant cryo-vac chamber where spacecraft are tested to find out if they'll withstand the extreme temperatures of space. They walked inside the acoustic chamber that blasts spacecraft with earsplitting sound to simulate the vibration of launch. They toured the laser lab where scientists are fine-tuning measurements to detect gravitational waves. "Amazing," Murad marveled.
Back in his office, ("black hole central," as he calls it) Schnittman talked with Murad about his research into how light gets bent around black holes. Naturally, they both share a hero in Albert Einstein, whose photo Schnittman keeps pinned above his desk. "It's remarkable," Schnittman said. "It's over 100 years since Einstein did all of this stuff, and still, everything is Einstein. Einstein, Einstein, Einstein."
When Murad mused about the possibilities of time travel, Schnittman sounded optimistic. "It's really not that much of a stretch to say that we're one step closer to time travel," he told Murad. "This is something that Einstein predicted 100 years ago. According to the theory, the equations, time travel should be possible. The trick is just building it and getting it to work, but as far as we can tell, there's no rule against it."
The astrophysicist and the would-be astronaut parted ways with the promise to stay in touch.
Later Murad said he loves science because it shows "the sheer awesomeness, the sheer scale of how insignificant and alone we are in the universe. All these petty fights that people have between themselves, they are just insignificant. When you start thinking about space, you get lost in the vastness of it. That's what captivates me the most."
Now that he's a U.S. citizen, he believes his dream of becoming an astronaut is more within reach. He and his brother automatically became citizens when their parents did. Murad was at school the day they took the oath: "I came home and looked at my parents, and felt all this pride," he said. "You could sense that something has changed. They were smiling from ear to ear."
For his mother, Limara, becoming a U.S. citizen has grounded her in a new way. "I felt before like I'm between countries," she said. "But now I feel like I'm staying ...both my feet here in this land."
Limara works at a school, and each morning they all stand for the pledge of allegiance. Before, she said, "it didn't touch me. But now, yes! And I know what each word in the pledge of allegiance means. And it means, for me, a lot."
As for Murad? The rising high school junior has his sights set on going to Cal Tech, and on the Mars mission he dreams of one day leading. "Some people, they tell me to try to get a real job," he said, "of maybe not shooting so high. But nah. I'm shooting for it. I'm gonna chase my dreams."
Meantime, there's a celestial show about to happen, one he's been excited about for years: the total solar eclipse.
Murad's hometown, Kansas City, is a perfect spot to see it: right in the path of totality.
Next Monday he will be outside, watching in awe as the moon slides over the sun, and dreaming big dreams of space.
Rematching No. 19 SMU Mustangs in Hofheinz
The Cougars will be facing off against their highest ranked opponent of the season on Saturday in a rematch against the No. 19 Southern Methodist University Mustangs in Hofheinz Pavilion.
The Mustangs ran all over the Cougars the last time they met in a lopsided 85-64 routing. SMU outperformed the Cougars in every way possible. They had 12 more rebounds, one less turnover and had a better shooting percentage from both the field and from the distance.
There were also four Mustangs who scored double-digits.
In comparison, the Cougars were led by redshirt senior guard Damyean Dotson with 25 points while redshirt junior guard Rob Gray had a quiet performance with 16. Both excelled from beyond the arc, Dotson with six and Gray with four.
The biggest detractor for the Cougars was the lack of presence from the rest of the team.
The frontcourt of redshirt senior forward Danrad “Chicken” Knowles and redshirt senior Kyle Meyer put up only six points and seven rebounds together. Sophomore guard Galen Robinson Jr. had only two rebounds, four assists, and five points.
If the Cougars are going to pull off the upset, somebody is going to have to take some of the weight off Dotson's and Gray's shoulders.
Two players from the bench have had significant impact recently.
Junior guard Wes VanBeck has had his moments of brilliance throughout the season. VanBeck has started a few times so far and has proven his ability beyond the arc. With SMU focusing on Dotson and Gray, if VanBeck can make his presence known from 3-point territory, he'll open the court up for the other playmakers.
Freshman guard Armoni Brooks made his first career start this season against Tulane where he put up 11 points with two 3-pointers. Brooks may not be as tested as upperclassman VanBeck, but as a freshman, he has had his moments.
The Cougars are on a five-game winning streak, led by two record-setting performances by Dotson. Against UCF, he put up a career-high 31 points, and in the next game against Tulane, he put up 32 points. Gray is also performing at his best, putting up 28 points in the most recent game against Tulsa.
From a statistics standpoint, this game features the two best offenses in the American Athletic Conference. SMU scores 72.8 points per game and Houston scores 70.7.
Defensively is where the biggest discrepancy is. SMU ranks No. 1 and Houston ranks No. 4. If the Cougar frontcourt struggles to defend the paint, the score may quickly get out of hand.
In the end, the match will be decided from whoever is consistent from 3-point territory. Last time they met, both teams combined for 27 total 3-pointers for 81 points, more than half of 149 total points scored.
SMU is coming off a huge victory over No. 11 Cincinnati and is looking to maintain its position atop the American. The Cougars are in third with one game ahead of fourth place Memphis.
Tipoff is scheduled for Saturday at 6 p.m. in Hofheinz Pavilion. The game will be broadcasted on ESPN2.
[email protected]
YOU JUST SAW:
Pope Francis sits among youths for a group photo during the opening session of the pre-synod of the youths meeting, at the the Mater Ecclesiae college in Rome, Monday, March 19, 2018. (AP Photo/Alessandra Tarantino)
A cricketer is hoping his unique way of raising funds to help to battle Bradley Lowery will spread across the sport.
Paul Anderson has launched fundraising drive Runs ‘N' Wickets in aid of the five-year-old whose fight against neuroblastoma has touched the hearts of so many folk around the world.
Bradley Lowery.
Bradley's family were recently given the heartbreaking news that treatment to prolong his life is not working.
Now, 34-year-old Paul, who plays for Boldon CA, is hoping other cricketers will unite to get behind the fund set up in the youngster's name.
The cash is being used to help fund Bradley's treatment and will also help his family to support other poorly youngsters.
From the start of the season on Saturday until it ends in September, Mr Anderson will be donating 10p for every run he scores, and £1 for every wicket and catch he takes and every run out he is involved in.
I have children myself, so I can only imagine what it must be like for Bradley's family. Paul Anderson
Mr Anderson said his teammates Ben Reay and Mark Cox have already agreed to take part in the fundraiser.
He added: “I have children myself, so I can only imagine what it must be like for Bradley's family.
“Going in and out of hospital, it must be really tough on them.
“I just wanted to do something to help.
“It was just myself doing it at first then I put something out on Facebook and a few more players said they'd like to get involved.
“It's something I'd like to do every year if possible for different charities and causes.”
Mr Anderson will also be running a bonus ball throughout the season with a range of prizes up for grabs including donations from Harry's tattoos and D A removal.
A spokesman on behalf of Bradley's family said: “We at Bradley's fight are overwhelmed by the support he is receiving and we can't thank Paul enough for organising this event for him.
“We hope everyone who takes part enjoys it.”
Anyone who would like to take part is asked to keep a record of their own scores and donations.
People are asked to donate what they can afford. At the end of the season they can hand their total into Mr Anderson to be passed onto Bradley's family or donate directly into Bradley's fund.
Anyone who would like to take part in the bonus ball or make a donation to it can contact Mr Anderson by Facebook at Paul Anders Anderson.
Deficiencies Kansas usually faces are first-world problems for a college basketball program.
Typically, the Jayhawks are ranked in the top 10 and leading the Big 12. This year is no different as No. 7 Kansas (18-4, 7-2 Big 12) carries a one-game lead in the standings entering a home game Saturday against Oklahoma State (13-9, 3-6).
"We've got to rebound better. Our first-shot defense needs to get better, even though it hasn't been awful, but it hasn't been great," Kansas coach Bill Self said when addressing deficiencies, he sees in his team.
Moreover, the Jayhawks have not been quite so intimidating at home, dropping games against Arizona State and Texas Tech in Allen Fieldhouse, where their victory margins have been unusually tight, particularly in league matchups winning by one, three and five points.
"I'd like to see us generate and play with a little bit more energy at home," Self added. "Seems like our energy level, maybe because we have a tighter huddle, maybe because we have a mindset it's us against everyone, has been better away from home. That certainly has to improve."
Kansas is coming off its most lopsided Big 12 win, a 70-56 road romp over Kansas State. Two Jayhawks, senior guard Devonte' Graham and sophomore guard Malik Newman, recorded double-doubles. Graham did so distributing the ball for 11 assists, while Newman snagged a career-high 10 rebounds.
Senior guard Svi Mykhailiuk managed his sixth 20-point performance in league play.
More appealing to Self and his staff, and even the Jayhawks interviewed after the win, was the 41-31 advantage Kansas forged on the glass. It was the first time the Jayhawks outrebounded a Big 12 rival this season.
"I think (Newman) went through a phase where he was stale and where he was worried about scoring as opposed to just worrying about playing," Self said of the 6-foot-3 Mississippi State transfer. "Now we're talking about how he played and he took seven shots. So he's definitely getting better."
A grass fire engulfed several acres in flames in Dublin Friday afternoon. Firefighters arrived on scene shortly after the fire broke out and worked to contain it.Officials say several structures were threatened when the fire started and appeared to have it under control around 4 p.m. Friday.
5 Best Ski Lodges In The U.S. A look at five of the very best ski lodges in the United States.
Five Must-See Destinations In ParisWithin the 41 square miles of Paris, France there are over 60 main attractions for visitors to discover ranging from Museums, Churches, Monuments and Squares as well as examples of contemporary and traditional architecture. This is far too many sites for the average tourist to attempt to visit during a short stay in the city of lights. Thus a list of the five most famous and must see attractions is in order.
The Los Angeles Lakers kept things light during their practice at Baruch College in New York City on Thursday. At one point, Lonzo Ball got into a shooting showdown with Lakers assistant Miles Simon, with the rookie clowning head coach Luke Walton's college teammate for his shooting form.
Which, given Zo's unusual shot, is akin to living in a glass house and casually hurling boulders around.
Lonzo Ball makes fun of Miles Simon's shot. Simon's quickly reminds him that he should be the last one talking. pic.twitter.com/uO64xnh6Ne — Arash Markazi (@ArashMarkazi) December 11, 2017
Simon, of course, let Ball know about it.
“I don't wanna hear nothing about no,” Simon says before imitating Lonzo's funky follow-through.
In light of Zo's painful shooting percentages through 25 games (32.1 percent from the field, 24.6 percent from three, 47.1 percent on free throws), he might do well to listen to what Simon says rather than make fun of what he does.
Five churchgoers die after boat capsizes
At least five churchgoers died after an overloaded wooden boat carrying more than 60 passengers back from Easter celebrations capsized on Lake Malawi, police said Monday.
Police spokesman Victor Khamisi told AFP “five people died” in the incident, which took place at around 4:00 pm (1400 GMT) on Easter Sunday in the northern district of Rumphi.
A total of 54 people had been rescued by Monday in a search assisted by military personnel and local fishermen, police said.
Khamisi said the passengers, members of the Church of Central Africa Presbyterian (CCAP) were “coming back from Easter celebrations when the boat met heavy winds and capsized”.
“We don't know the exact number of people missing but with the help of local and army divers, we have intensified the search,” Khamisi added.
The post Five churchgoers die after boat capsizes appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
TUPPERS PLAINS, Ohio — Just seconds from victory.
The Eastern boys basketball team was ahead by one point as time winded down in the Friday's Tri-Valley Conference Hocking Division matchup in ‘The Nest', but a Seattle Compston buzzer-beater gave visiting Miller a 64-63 victory and the season sweep of the Eagles.
The Falcons (11-6, 9-4 TVC Hocking) — who also defeated EHS by a 64-51 final on Dec. 22 in Hemlock — jumped out to a 16-13 lead after one quarter on Friday.
Eastern (5-10, 2-9) — which has now lost four one-possession games this season — outscored its guest by a 14-to-11 clip in the second quarter, making the halftime tally 27-27.
In a fast-paced third quarter, the hosts outscored MHS by a 20-to-19 edge, and the Eagles headed into the fourth quarter with a 47-46 lead.
Eastern made 10-of-12 free throws and a trio of two-pointers in the fourth quarter, but Miller surged for 18 points in the period and escaped with a 64-63 victory.
For the game, EHS shot 17-of-23 (73.9 percent) from the free throw line, where MHS was 11-of-16 (68.8 percent).
The Eagle offense was led by sophomore Garrett Barringer with 17 points on seven field goals and a 3-of-4 performance from the stripe. Isaiah Fish scored a dozen points for the hosts, Mason Dishong added 11, while Kaleb Hill and Colton Reynolds scored seven each.
Eastern's scoring column was rounded out by Sharp Facemyer and Blaise Facemyer with six and three points respectively. Reynolds and Blaise Facemyer were responsible for the Eagles' pair of three-pointers in the contest.
Colby Bartley led the guests with 18 points, followed by Compston with 16. Blayton Cox and Alec Eveland had 11 points apiece, with Cox draining a trio of three-pointers, while Carson Starlin finished with eight points.
After hosting Ohio Valley Christian in non-league play on Saturday, Eastern will welcome Wahama to ‘The Nest' for a TVC Hocking showdown on Tuesday.
By Alex Hawley ahawley@aimmediamidwest.com
Alex Hawley can be reached at 740-446-2342, ext. 2100.
Alex Hawley can be reached at 740-446-2342, ext. 2100.
LIVESTOCK producers have become frustrated with the Department of Primary Industries and Regional Development (DPIRD) after they experienced a delay in the process of their brand registrations.
The Pastoralists and Graziers Association (PGA) became aware of delays in the processing of brand registrations after members advised the association of instances where livestock had been conveyed to saleyards, abattoirs or live export facilities under the assumption that the brand registration was current, only to find that the re-registration, while being paid for had not been processed on DPIRD's system.
The PGA wrote to DPIRD requesting that the matter be rectified as a matter of urgency and has since secured a commitment from DPIRD that it will seek a resolution to the delays in the re-registration of livestock brands.
The PGA said DPIRD had since responded noting that they are seeking to allocate additional resources to brand registration processing, providing producers with a brand registration renewal form six weeks prior to the brand expiring and investigating technological upgrades to streamline this process.
PGA Livestock chairman Chris Patmore said while DPIRD's quick response had been heartening, it was of utmost concern that such a situation was allowed to occur in the first place.
“The registration of brands is what I would expect to be a core business of DPIRD,'' Mr Patmore said.
“It is extremely concerning that a situation such as this has been allowed to eventuate.”
DPIRD has made an undertaking to fix the problem immediately and has requested producers check their brand's currency prior to selling stock.
If payment has been made and the brand is not registered, DPIRD has committed to processing the registration immediately upon request so as to not delay the process for the producer.
DPIRD livestock biosecurity director Peter Gray said the volume of brand registration renewals increased significantly in 2017 with renewals processed by DPIRD increasing 30 per cent, from 5000 to 7000.
35 years after Ridley Scott's Blade Runner hit theatres, Denis Villeneuve takes the franchise's reins with Blade Runner 2049. The film marks the third collaboration between Villeneuve and 13 time Oscar nominated director of photography Roger Deakins, following Sicario and Prisoners, so you know you're in for a phenomenal visual experience. The film stars Ryan Gosling, Harrison Ford, Ana de Armas, Sylvia Hoeks, Robin Wright, Mackenzie Davis, Carla Juri, Lennie James, Dave Bautista, and Jared Leto.
Three decades after the events of the first film, a new blade runner, LAPD Officer K, unearths a long-buried secret that has the potential to plunge what's left of society into chaos. K's discovery leads him on a quest to find Rick Deckard, a former LAPD blade runner who has been missing for 30 years.
“I vividly remember seeing ‘Blade Runner' for the first time” says Villeneuve, “and being stunned by what I think is amongst the most powerful openings in the history of cinema—flying over the Los Angeles of 2019, and seeing that landscape of oil factories. Ridley Scott presented such a strong image of what could be our future that was at the same time so seductive and so frightening. Aesthetically, ‘Blade Runner' was a revolution, blending two genres that, at first glance, don't go together—science fiction and film noir. It was something never seen before, and it deeply influenced me.”
Blade Runner 2049 is rated 14A.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Delta has described overbooking as a necessary industry practice, in part because of weather uncertainty, and said the process can be managed effectively.
Delta Air Lines has increased the maximum possible payout to passengers to nearly $10,000 if they voluntarily give up a seat on an overbooked flight, the company told AFP Monday.
The boost is part of the airline industry's response to the global outrage sparked by last week's violent removal of a customer from a United Airlines Chicago flight after he resisted being "bumped" by the carrier.
Delta customer service employees will be permitted to offer up to $2,000 in these cases, up from the prior cap of $800.
Supervisors will be able to grant up to $9,950, up from the prior limit of $1,350.
The increases came after United came under fire after it called security officers to forcibly remove passenger David Dao from an overbooked flight in order to seat crew members for another flight.
Video of the episode went viral, sparking calls for greater scrutiny of airlines from politicians.
United, which is undertaking an audit of its practices, already amended some policies, saying it will require employees to be booked at least 60 minutes prior to departure. United evicted Dao and three other passengers from the flight to make room for employees.
The incident shined a new light on the practice of overbooking, which airlines increasingly rely upon to avoid losing money on seats left when some passengers do not show up for scheduled flights.
Delta has described overbooking as a necessary industry practice, in part because of weather uncertainty, and said the process can be managed effectively.
The East Baton Rouge metro council is expected to get an update from a Baton Rouge Police Department spokesman on the status of the officers involved in the shooting death of Alton Sterling, as well as an update about the 911 call from that night from EMS officials.
Viewing on a mobile device? Click here for a live stream of the council meeting.
The meeting happens to fall on what would have been Sterling's 38th birthday. Several members of the community are expected to attend a balloon release before the scheduled meeting.
The metro council meeting is expected to begin at 4 p.m. There are several other items on the council's agenda of note, including the introduction of a potential parish-wide smoking ban in public or enclosed places, concerns about the Council on Aging in EBR Parish, and a report on healthcare delivery for inmates in the parish.
WAFB has a crew scheduled to attend the meeting and we will be updating this story throughout the afternoon and evening.
Copyright 2017 WAFB. All rights reserved.
YOU JUST SAW:
Pope Francis sits among youths for a group photo during the opening session of the pre-synod of the youths meeting, at the the Mater Ecclesiae college in Rome, Monday, March 19, 2018. (AP Photo/Alessandra Tarantino)
10:45pm
Report of a pickup sliding off Highway 20, two miles east of Newport. Pickup left the road and hit a tree. 66 year old female suffering chest pain. 68 year old male didn't appear to be injured.
Again, most highways on the coast and inland are very icy. Travel only if absolutely necessary. Cut your speeds in half AT LEAST.
A SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket blasted off Monday from NASA's Kennedy Space Center, then the launcher's first stage returned to landing at nearby Cape Canaveral Air Force Station after sending a Dragon supply ship toward a rendezvous with the International Space Station.
The 213-foot-tall (65-meter) rocket delivered a SpaceX cargo capsule on course to haul more than 6,400 pounds (2,900 kilograms) of experiments and equipment to the space station. It was the 11th Falcon 9 flight of the year, and the 39th Falcon 9 launch overall.
Read our Mission Status Center for details on the flight.
Email the author.
Follow Stephen Clark on Twitter: @StephenClark1.
A 40-year-old man was seriously injured in a fight that broke in Tirat Carmel, south of Haifa, on Monday evening.
He was evacuated by Magen David Adom paramedics to the Rambam Hospital in Haifa.
The new kit is the eighth in three years - Canterbury
Over the years, international rugby players have been exhorted to ever greater feats of skill, strength and endurance.
But, until now, no one has asked them to disappear.
That, however, seems to be the intention behind England's new autumn kit, which purports to use state-of-the-art camouflage technology to “mask player movement”.
The alternative dark grey outfit, to be worn against Argentina next month and by the women's team against Canada, is accentuated with a “fiery red fade”, intended to blur the ball-carrier as opposition players charge in for the tackle.
Manufactured by Canterbury, the design is said to be in keeping with head coach Eddie Jones's vision of playing “disruptive and uncompromising” rugby.
But tonight scientists were scratching their heads as to whether the kit will actually make a difference.
Meanwhile fans took to social media to criticise the £95 fresh design - the eighth in the last three years - as a revenue-raising stunt.
The dark grey of the colour of the fabric could, in principle, reduce the salience of visual contours
Professor Wendy Adam, University of Southampton
Grey has a mixed history as a sporting colour. In 1996, Alex Ferguson famously ordered his Manchester United players to change out of their grey strip halfway through a losing game at Southampton after they complained they could not see each other against the crowd, while last month the Welsh football team announced they were ditching their grey kit because the players considered it unlucky.
The Rugby Football Union has traditionally been eager to embrace technological innovation, making in 2003 England the first nation in the world world to eschew traditional cotton shirts in favour a hard-to-tackle, tight-fitting design.
Most of the recent advances, however, have centered around the breathability of the shirt, rather than making it harder to see.
Professor Wendy Adams, an expert in human visual perception at the University of Southampton, said that any advantage gained from the fading design was likely to be squandered by the high-contrast O2 symbol emblazoned on the front of the shirts.
The "fiery red fade" may help distort the outline Credit: Canterbury More
But she added: “The dark grey of the colour of the fabric could, in principle, reduce the salience of visual contours, such as shadow boundaries within the players' bodies, when compared to a white kit, for example.
“The gradual change from grey to red may also be less likely to attract attention than a sharp grey-red boundary.”
Camouflage attempts to conceal objects from detection by softening their true boundary as well as by using confusing patterns to suggest outlines that do not exist.
However, the value of such techniques tends to be lost with movement.
A further type of “dazzle camouflage” can be employed, not to hide objects, but to make it difficult to judge accurately their position and movement, such as was used extensively by Royal Navy ships in the First World War.
Read More
DENVER — The San Diego Padres have placed first baseman Eric Hosmer on the family medical leave list.
The Padres hope to have him back in the lineup Friday, manager Andy Green said before Tuesday's game against the Colorado Rockies.
Green said only that Hosmer "had some things he needed to go home and take care of. Respecting his privacy and his family's wishes, we'll just kind of leave it at that right now."
In addition, the team selected the contract of left-hander Eric Lauer from Triple-A El Paso. He will start Tuesday.
JUBA, South Sudan (AP) — The United Nations says a Nepalese peacekeeper in South Sudan has been accused of inappropriately touching a teenage girl in exchange for money.
The allegation in the town of Aweil comes two months after 46 Ghanaian peacekeepers were recalled when some members allegedly paid local women living in a protection camp in the town of Wau for sex.
A U.N. statement says an investigation into the latest allegation is underway.
Multiple U.N. peacekeeping missions have faced allegations of sexual abuse or exploitation in recent years, with Secretary-General Antonio Guterres calling it a "global menace" that must end.
The U.N. has about 15,000 peacekeepers in South Sudan, whose civil war is well into a fifth year.
Although it's been on the minds of many millions of Americans, a medical profession that specializes in psychological disorders has finally given voice to this rising tide of truly nervous concerns about President Donald Trump.
A psychiatric association has written an open letter to the New York Times that admits that the letter violates the canons of professional propriety, but they say they can no long keep quiet about a person who they claim is a clear and present danger to the country, if not the world.
The story broke first in Europe. Click here.
One more step ....
We've sent a confirmation to your email address — please click the activate button. Then access is all yours!
If you can't see the activation email in your inbox, check your junk mail folder. If you haven't received an activation email within 30 minutes please contact support@crikey.com.au and we'll help you out.
Getty Image
The tense game of chicken the United States is now involved in with North Korea seems to be brought about by a combination of old Soviet influences and present Russian meddling in Ukraine all coming home to roost. If you've been wondering why North Korea suddenly had such swift success in getting a long-range missile put together after years of setbacks, you probably have Ukraine to thank, as well as black market assistance from a few sources in Russia.
An eagle-eyed analyst took a close look at the latest photos of Kim Jong-un and the new North Korean missiles, and he thought the rocket motors looked a lot like a Soviet design. Further sleuthing found that those particular Soviet rocket motors were only made in a few places, including Dnipro, Ukraine.
Unfortunately for Guam, Japan, and everywhere else in North Korea's sights, Dnipro made some of the Soviet's biggest, baddest missiles, and while it's still open, it's barely producing anything. That has lead to some broke, frustrated missile makers who might be willing to do business on the black market, including selling off the secrets of the RD-250 Yuzhmash model missile.
It's no secret that, throughout the 1980s, Soviet missiles made there way to Iran and North Korea. The latter got them through Syria and Egypt, and then hired languishing Soviet engineers to do the rest of the tinkering while the USSR fell apart. That gave North Korea a pretty passable model of a Soviet missile to work off of, and they have been ever since. But there were a few key details and parts missing, and that's where Ukraine has come in.
The United Nations even looked into matters six years ago and found that the North Koreans were trying to steal missile secrets from Dnipro. They didn't succeed. But then Russia annexed Crimea and instability in the remaining Ukraine gave North Korea another opportunity to try their luck with Dnipro, and this time it seems to have been successful.
Of course, Ukraine's President Petro Poroshenko denies all of this, as does the Dnipro factory. But these very specific missile models had to find their way to North Korea somehow. While Trump has been scolding China for being uncooperative, he might have been blind, once again, to the influence Russia and its neighbors have on North Korea. That's all the more ironic given that the Trump administration was just recently pondering the possibility of giving the Ukraine lethal weapons to needle Russia and get an upper hand as relations continue to worsen.
(Via the New York Times)
Featured Pick
Riverbend Festival
The "Chattanooga Family Reunion" finishes up its eight-day run with a weekend full of big name and local acts spread out over five stages.
Through Saturday night
Riverfront Parkway at Ross's Landing
(423) 756-2211
riverbendfestival.com
Thursday, June 15
Gladys Knight
The great ones endure, and very few singers over the last fifty years have matched her unassailable artistry and musical brilliance.
8 p.m.
Tivoli Theatre
709 Broad St.
tivolichattanooga.com
Friday, June 16
Tim Hinck & Christian Collier
It's a multi-sensory performance of Ravel's monumental masterpiece, "Le Tombeau de Couperin."
8 p.m.
Barking Legs Theater
1307 Dodds Ave.
barkinglegs.org
Saturday, June 17
Ben de la Cour
“A folk musician with the songwriting acumen of a young Nick Cave and the lyrical wisdom of a vitriolic Leonard Cohen.”
8 p.m.
Charles & Myrtle's
105 McBrien Rd.
christunity.org
Monday evening went very well for the Denver Nuggets. The team played host to the Golden State Warriors in what many (including Las Vegas) believed would be a walk-over win for the best team in the NBA. However, Nikola Jokic, Juancho Hernangomez, Will Barton and others had a different idea.
Jokic produced 17 points, 21 rebounds and 12 assists to further cement his status as a rising star in the league, Hernangomez added 27 points and 10 rebounds for the best game of his young career and Barton put up 24 points, 10 rebounds and seven assists in leading Denver to a lopsided 132-110 win over the Warriors. With that said, everyone in the Pepsi Center enjoyed themselves on Monday but not even members of the team could claim the level of enjoyment of this fan.
Tesla's New Autopilot Boss Sees Cars as Appliances
As self-driving electric cars evolve, one of the most interesting changes to watch will be how cars are used, owned and treated. So it's useful to hear how the people building autonomous-driving technologies think about things.
Chris Lattner, who is joining Tesla soon as its new VP of Autopilot software -- that's the software that allows Tesla cars to drive themselves -- made his thoughts and ambitions clear in a recent interview.
"I want to accelerate the path to cars being appliances that solve people's problems," he told the hosts of Accidental Tech Podcast, a popular and influential show that mostly focuses on Apple and related technology topics.
Lattner is joining Tesla after 11 years at Apple, where he led several software projects and most recently created Swift, the company's newish, from-scratch programming language.
"I obviously need a car," he said. "Cars are really important. But I'm what I consider to be an 'un-car person'."
"I'm personally not the kind of guy who loves doing oil changes and fiddling around with them. I just want something that is reliable, that works, ideally drives me everywhere I want to go, and I don't have to think about it," he said. "It's solving my problems, it's not something I have to care for, feed and maintain. That's the way I look at cars."
So why did he want to join Tesla and work on cars?
"I admit that I never considered going to work at a car company before," Lattner said.
"But that's because I always considered car companies to be not in need of the kinds of skills that I bring. But Autopilot, I think, is a really exciting and really big problem and it kind of fits with my desire to solve nearly impossible problems and take on new things, and so I'm really excited about it."
Will we see truly self-driving cars within a decade?
"Yeah, I think that it's very possible within the next decade, and hopefully that's a long view," he said.
"But keep in mind the goal is to drive better than a human, and significantly better than a human. I think one of the things that gives me confidence in this is that it's not an even playing field, because the autonomous cars have more sensors than humans do. They have a radar, for example. And that means that they're capable of doing things that humans just physically can't."
"There's a huge technology problem, there's huge software problems -- this is not an overnight kind of thing that you wake up and solve immediately."
But Lattner -- who comes across in the interview as empathetic, pragmatic and obviously very technically skilled -- said, "I have confidence that it'll be solved, certainly within a decade."
© 2017 Re/Code under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
CEO Mark Zuckerberg has made fixing Facebook his personal challenge this year, and the company has already announced a slew of changes to this end. Among them, showing users more "meaningful" content from friends and family and emphasizing local news. There will be more changes coming in the next weeks and months.
For now, here are the highlights of what the company has announced so far:
"MEANINGFUL CONNECTIONS"
While the company has said before that it will emphasize personal connections over business pages and celebrities that people follow, a move intended to show people more "meaningful" posts goes further. The company said in mid-January that it will highlight posts, photos and videos people are more likely to interact with rather than passively consume.
The changes come as the company faces criticism that social media can make people feel depressed and isolated. Facebook says research shows this is especially true with "passive content," such as watching videos without interacting or mindlessly scrolling through feeds.
"TRUSTED NEWS"
Next, Facebook said it wants to help ensure that news people see comes from "trusted sources." The company said it will prioritize news from sources people find trustworthy and informative. But to decide what users find trustworthy, Facebook turned to its users, asking whether they are familiar with and trust various sources of news. Critics saw this move as short-sighted — after all, it wasn't long ago that users were falling for fake news on Facebook.
LOCAL NEWS
"Local news helps us understand the issues that matter in our communities and affect our lives," Zuckerberg wrote in a recent Facebook post announcing the company's move to show users more stories from their town or city.
But the effects of this on local publishers is unclear. Facebook, along with Google, have long been criticized for siphoning away online advertising dollars from local news outlets. The latest move might be too late to reverse this trend.
Getting some shut eye on a plane is a perennial challenge for travelers, but there are a few low-tech tricks that can make switching time zones and taking long haul flights a little easier. David Hamer, director of the Travel Clinic at Boston Medical Center and a professor of Global Health and Medicine at the Boston University Schools of Public Health and Medicine, shared some strategies for catching a few z's at 30,000 feet.
Adjust Your Bedtime Before You Go
Tweak your sleep schedule before your flight so that when you land you will be more in sync with local time. “It's pretty well established that resetting your biological clock one hour a day for each hour of a time difference is effective,” Dr. Hamer said.
For most flights to Europe from the East Coast, where the time is five to seven hours earlier, move your bedtime up an hour earlier each night for a few nights before your trip. For example, retire at 11 p.m. rather than midnight five days before departure, and the night before your flight try to get to bed around 7 p.m. That may sound early, but you'll feel much better when you land. On flights to Western destinations, reverse the pattern by going to bed an hour later each night, Dr. Hamer said. “Traveling West is easier to adapt to.”
Eat and Drink Moderately While on Board
Some foods are thought to foster sleep, like trying to induce a “carb coma” by loading up on carbohydrates. “But there's not much good data in the scientific literature to support it,” Dr. Hamer said. Instead of trying to eat specifically to get sleepy, just eat when you feel hungry. Try not to overeat, and avoid too much caffeine or alcohol. “A small amount of wine may help, but have no more than one or two drinks, as it may interfere with the quality of sleep, ” he said. “When you are ready to land, caffeine is fine.”
Snoop Dogg to Perform at Ripple's Blockchain Week NYC Party
Snoop Dogg will perform at Ripple's Community Night during this year's Blockchain Week in May.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from CoinDesk. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Of the hundreds of submissions, only a handful managed to make the final cut and enter prototype development. Among them, 26-year-old Corp. Rhet McNeal's Scout, a fixed-wing UAS (unmanned aerial system) constructed almost entirely from 3D-printed components. Conventional Intelligence Surveillance and Reconnaissance (ISR) drones can cost hundreds of thousands of dollars to construct and operate, making commanders more reticent to use these devices in the field out of fear of breaking them.
Scout, on the other hand, costs only around $600 to build. It also fits in a standard-issue pack, can be broken down in a little over two minutes, and assembled and in the air within five minutes, McNeal told Engadget. And because its body and wings are 3D-printed, if the drone does take damage, troops can print a replacement part in a couple hours using in-field 3D printers rather than waiting days, weeks or even months for replacements to worm their way through the Marine Corps' supply lines.
"I don't see this as replacing our current supply chains, but I do see it as a great opportunity to augment existing capabilities," Lt. Col. Gregory Pace, battalion commander of the Marines 1st Maintenance Battalion, told the Marine Corps Times last year.
A prototype of the Scout UAS - Image: Autodesk
McNeal's team spent four months developing and perfecting Scout's design in collaboration with Autodesk at the company's Pier 9 additive-manufacturing facility in San Francisco. "The challenge was: How do you deliver an inexpensive, portable UAV for the average Marine to fly in field?" Autodesk's Paolo Salvagione, told Engadget. "How do you make it so that you can't put it together wrong? Which particular parts lend themselves to modularity, so in case something gets broken you can replace it quickly?"
"'Perfect' is often the enemy of a design," Salvagione continued. "And so when you're working on something like this UAV, the 80 percent solution gets him to an iteration really quickly." Had McNeal been using conventional prototyping techniques, the design process could have stretched on for many more weeks.
He would have had to construct, test, tweak and rebuild each iteration -- often with the input and oversight of experts in various fields of aeronautics. But with Autodesk's fusion-design program, "you embed that knowledge in a general way at the front end of a design as opposed to having to go through the whole design and send it off to someone else to analyze it and then tell you what's right or wrong," Salvagione said.
Scout has since been turned over to the Mitre Corp., a drone supplier for the USMC, for certification testing. Should Scout pass these trials, it could soon be put to work in Marine squads for short-range intelligence-gathering applications.
Of course, this isn't the first time that the USMC has experimented with 3D printing or even 3D-printed drones. In May, the Corps began field tests of Nibbler, a printed drone designed to serve a similar role as that of Scout.
"Our team is very enthusiastic about the Nibbler, but even more enthusiastic about what it represents for the future," Wood told Defense Systems. Wood envisions tiers of additive-manufacturing capabilities stretching from in-field systems, like the Army's RFAB, all the way back to the US, where heavier production, such as printing mission-critical components with metal and other advanced materials, would be done.
"Imagine being in a forward-deployed environment, and just like Amazon, you can 'order' the weapons and equipment you need for the next day's mission from an entire catalog of possible solutions," Wood continued. "These solutions can all be upgraded literally overnight in order to integrate new components or adapt to new requirements." Theoretically, with the right CAD files, a squad would be able to quickly customize and optimize its equipment for the specific mission requirements with little more than a desktop 3D printer and construction components.
Sgt. Kenneth R. Storvick monitors the progress of a 3D-printing job at Corps Base Camp Lejeune, North Carolina - image: DoD
Marines would be able to extract a "near infinite set of different UAS that we could produce from those basic elements," he concluded. What's more, tangential research is being conducted into recycling garbage, like MRE wrappers or discarded water bottles, and using that as the base material for printing.
Once this technology has been matured and scaled, the USMC stands to save a bunch of money on repair and maintenance. As the Marine Corps Times points out, bulkhead cracks in America's fleet of aging F-18 Hornet combat jets typically cost around $1 million and take six months of work to repair. Using 3D-printed aluminum replacement parts, however, drops the cost to just $25,000. Similarly, the Navy can now 3D-print hydraulic manifolds for the V-22 Osprey transport aircraft that weigh 70 percent less than their traditionally manufactured predecessors, and can be made 30 percent faster and 10 percent cheaper, to boot.
These benefits will soon reach civilian life as well. "If you can deliver raw material and make it into anything, all of a sudden it becomes really interesting to people who manage supply chains," Salvagione observed. "To sell a car in America means you have to stock 10 years' worth of parts for that car in a warehouse somewhere and pay for that storage." Instead, Salvagione argues that as many parts as can be 3D printed should be. "Then we can avoid paying the taxes on it for 10 years," he said. "And we still have it available when customers need it, maybe even longer than that 10-year cycle."
This future is still a little way off, mind you. The most popular example of 3D-printed military equipment these days is actually Humvee door handles, McNeal explained to Engadget. But the USMC is quickly expanding its printing capabilities into more-complex components including printed ammunition, though not yet the weapons with which to fire them. The Corps is also looking to print its new GPS-guided joint precision airdrop system (JPADS).
Overall, the Marine Corps is in the process of building out four full fabrication labs here in the US and has already sent 25 mobile production studios to units overseas for Marines, regardless of rank or occupation, to experiment with. "It is an exciting time and we are thrilled to be a part of it," Pace told the MCT. "You can't have innovation if you are beholden to systems that were created years ago."
Transcript for Friend of suspected shooter describes 'happy-go-lucky guy'
He's a happy go lucky guy. He. And he it just took me by surprise of what happened. As a child you you rant to execute me I'm 65 previous two years older than me his Brothers the same age as me he was a two years ahead of me I went to high school with his brother about his political. That I. I don't know anything about that it is a political science and part of that house. Not that I know through the years he he he didn't back down things I mean he was in a few bites it. And stuff like that but nothing that would demonstrate violence as far as what he did it again I. What do you mean like Wally never backed down from anybody in a bar fired or whatever he. He stood his ground but it was thing and it's tough for what was political know it was something that malls. Guys. I just want to let people know that he wasn't evil. That he was I guess tired some of the politics of going on just like in this state we got politicians collecting a paycheck. And do an absolute nothing for it I don't know his politics. But but I can see. How he's pretty well fed up with some other stuff I'm fed up with what's going on in this thing. He was passionately believed what you Coleman advocates role was with the school he was in control video digitally if you say no I'm not that I know. And not that I know. But whatever he believed in he stood behind it a 100%.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Smart Cities Garner Optimism, But Challenges Remain
Government agencies across the U.S. and around the world are making progress as they experiment with a new generation of smart-city technologies that improve efficiencies, expand services, and reduce costs. While the concept of "smart cities" holds tremendous potential, many challenges remain.
A new report titled, "Building Smarter Cities and Communities," from technology association CompTIA provides interesting insights. CompTIA researchers surveyed 350 government officials and found that nearly three-quarters of them have a positive view of smart city developments.
Anticipated benefits of smart city solutions include cost savings from operational efficiencies; optimizing use of resources; improved government services and interaction for citizens; better stream of data to improve decision-making; and the opportunity to attract tech-savvy workers and businesses.
"The government officials we surveyed have a strong interest in using smart city projects to deliver direct benefits to their citizens and business communities," said Liz Hyman, who serves as CompTIA executive vice president, with a focus on public advocacy.
More Funding and Expertise Needed
Funding challenges are the number one concern for government officials considering smart-city projects. CompTIA noted that, "Most government entities have little wiggle room within budgets to shift funds from critical government services to investments in new areas, such as smart cities."
But money isn't the only problem. Cybersecurity related to smart cities is another top concern, and perhaps even more difficult to overcome.
Calling cybersecurity "mission critical" for any successful smart-city initiative, Hyman explained: "Our nation's smart-cities initiatives will require a new contingent of cyber workers. We must ensure that both private and public entities are deploying policies and initiatives that provide the supply of IT workers to meet the soaring demand."
In fact, CompTIA found that 40 percent of government officials and personnel cite "skills gaps and a lack of necessary expertise" as a primary area of concern affecting the expansion of smart cities initiatives.
"The next phase of smart cities growth will be contingent on expanding the depth and breadth of expertise among government IT staff and, as challenging as it may be, to expand their workforce," said Tim Herbert, senior vice president, research and market intelligence, CompTIA.
Old telecom infrastructure is another obstacle. CompTIA reports that 7 out of 10 municipalities with a smart city initiative or pilot underway report having to make upgrades to their telecommunications infrastructure before proceeding.
Other challenges the research found involve management and direction. These issues revolve around building a business case for a smart city project; finding government and community leaders to champion the effort; and, deciding which initiatives are most worthwhile.
Next Steps
The CompTIA report concludes that four major factors will continue to influence the timeline for building smart cities:
Elevating the understanding of smart city concepts will take time, but "bridge technologies" -- including smart technologies for the home and office -- can help.
Making the leap from digital to "smart" will require advancements on many fronts, from technology and broadband infrastructures to workflow and user experience.
Collecting, managing, and securing data properly will be absolutely critical to smart city success.
Keeping smart cities cyber-safe will require resources and a commitment to shared responsibilities for security.
The full report on "Building Smarter Cities and Communities" is available directly from CompTIA to registered users.
Additional information and resources are available from the Smart Cities Council, which is hosting the Smart Cities Week 2017 conference in Washington, DC, this week.
Making Progress
Wondering who's working on smart-city products and services?
Some of the companies exhibiting at Smart Cities Week 2017 include: Amazon Web Services, AT&T, Batelle, Bosch, CIVIQ, Comcast, CompTIA, Dell EMC, DLT, Deloitte, EY, Fybr, HERE, Hitachi, Itron, Mapbox, Parsons, Pennoni, Qualcomm, Seat Pleasant, SyNexxus, Verizon, and Victor Stanley.
And in Innovation Alley at the show were: Ameresco, Canada, Connected Nation Exchange, CIMCON Lighting, CityBase, Commsignia, CommuniThings, Databuoy, Echelon, Gannett Fleming, German Federal Ministry of Education, IES, IKE Smart City, Inrix, LimeBike, Localintel, netLINK Controls, OpenDataSoft, RadioLocus, Ruckus, S&C Electric Company, Smart City Media, Ubicquia, Waycare, and the Wireless Infrastructure Association.
Image credit: iStock.
ST. CLAIRSVILLE, Ohio — An Ohio woman might want to ask some questions if she tries to borrow someone's urine again to pass a drug test.
WTOV-TV reports 24-year-old Kiana Wallace was sentenced to 18 months in prison Monday, in eastern Ohio's Belmont County, after submitting a borrowed urine sample that tested positive for drugs. Wallace pleaded guilty earlier this month to attempted tampering with evidence.
Judge Frank Fregiato called the failed urine swap "bizarre" and told Wallace he wouldn't allow her to make a mockery of the drug and alcohol testing system.
Records show Wallace was sentenced to six months in jail followed by probation in January 2017 for drug possession.
2017: Aregbesola vows to consolidate projects
By Gbenga Olarinoye
Osogbo—Osun State governor, Mr Rauf Aregbesola has assured the people of the state that this year will be the year of consolidations on the various achievements of his administration.
The governor in his new year broadcast to the people of the state yesterday reeled out the achievements of his administration in 2016 ranging from accomplishments in education, infrastructure, social protection services, urban renewal, provision of massive supports for business initiatives and several others.
The Governor said in his broadcast, “This year, 2017, is going to be our year of consolidation. We are going to consolidate on all our programmes, especially in education, agriculture and road infrastructure. We are not going to abandon any of our projects. It is going to be our busiest year so far.
“We have great hope and faith that 2017 will be the best year for us and all the people of Osun.”
The governor admitted that the year 2016 was one of huge trials, travails and tests; rejoicing however that “it was also a year of great victory and accomplishments.”
The governor expressed satisfaction that his government recorded landmark achievements in the commissioning of many schools, a philosophical disposition towards just and equitable sales of consumer goods with the launch of Osunwon Omoluabi (Omoluabi Scales and Measures) and others.
He said, “In the field of education, we commissioned to the glory of God, Anthony Udofia Elementary School, Osogbo, St Michael Elementary School, Ibokun, St Thomas Elementary and Middle School, Iwoye Ijesa, Osogbo Government High School, Osogbo, Adventist Government High School, Ede and AUD Government Elementary School, Sabo, Osogbo.
“The commissioning of Osogbo Government High School coincided with the 25th anniversary of the creation of our state which was celebrated with pomp, pageantry and funfair.”
The post 2017: Aregbesola vows to consolidate projects appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The Blue Devils helped put Mt. Juliet back into a share of the District 9-AAA lead by knocking off first-place Gallatin 50-37 on Senior Night at Campbell Brandon Gym/Hester Gibbs Court.
Lebanon jumped out to a 12-8 first-quarter lead. It was 28-16 at halftime and 39-32 through three periods as the Blue Devils improved to 18-7 for the season. And by way of Mt. Juliet's win over Hendersonville, LHS moved into sole possession of third place in the district at 8-4 as the Commandos fell to fourth.
Senior Noah Mulaski, held to two points last month at Gallatin, went wild with 26 points, including four three-pointers, in the rematch. Malcolm Logue and Jeremiah Hastings each scored seven while Zion Logue finished with four and Gaven Reasonover a three. Eddie Jackson, Lebanon's other senior, secured six rebounds to go with three points.
Mulaski and Jackson are both three-year starters and 1,000-point scorers.
Zool Kueth finished with 15 points, including two triples, for Gallatin while Octavian Arnold's 11 included three triples as the Green Wave fell to 21-5, 9-3.
Lebanon will travel to Beech on Tuesday night.
Wildcats climb from behind to overtake Station Camp
GALLATIN — Wilson Central rallied from a six-point halftime deficit during the third quarter and broke a tie with a dominant fourth to defeat host Station Camp 51-45 Friday night.
Station Camp led 18-13 following the first quarter and 30-24 at halftime before Central surged into a 40-40 tie going into the fourth. The Wildcats controlled the final eight minutes 11-5 to improve to 10-14 for the season and 5-7 in District 9-AAA.
Kyzick Schweppe sank four three-pointers to lead Central with 16 points while Gavin Johnson notched nine, twins Kito and Kene Aruh eight each, Dalton King four, Naz Czeskleba a three, Tyler Hayes two and Daniel Jackson a free throw.
Jonathan Gilland helped the Bison to their big lead with 11 first-period points and 17 by halftime before finishing with 24 as Station Camp slipped to 13-12, 5-7.
Wilson Central will travel to Portland on Tuesday night.
Late 3 lifts Livingston past Purple Tigers
WATERTOWN — Livingston Academy hit a three-point basket with two seconds left Friday night to take a 62-59 win over Watertown.
The Purple Tigers led 17-10 following the first quarter and 29-25 at halftime. The Wildcats didn't take their first lead until a minute remained in the third period. Watertown went back up 48-47 going into what became a back-and-forth fourth quarter.
Preston Tomlinson paced the Purple Tigers with 19 points, including a jumper in the lane which tied the score 59-59 with nine seconds left. He also hit a pair of threes and passed for four assists.
Austin Lasater sank four triples on his way to 16. Aidan Usher added eight points and seven rebounds while Jared Tomson scored seven to go with five steals. Heath Price put in six points and Griffin Creswell three.
Watertown will travel to Woodbury on Tuesday to take on Cannon County.
Commander comeback falls one point short
Friendship Christian's comeback from a seven-point hole fell one tally short in a 45-44 loss Friday night to visiting Davidson Academy at the Bay Family Sportsplex.
Davidson led 45-38 before the Commanders' comeback. Friendship missed a go-ahead shot and got an offensive rebound before losing the ball as the game ended.
Friendship finished the regular season 18-10 overall and 10-6 in the Middle Region District 2-A, good for the No. 4 seed in next week's tournament. The Commanders will play host to No. 5 Davidson again Wednesday night in the elimination round at the Sportsplex with the winner advancing to Goodpasture where the top-seeded Cougars likely await next Friday in the semifinals.
Friendship led 12-11 following the first quarter and 24-22 at halftime before the teams went into the fourth tied 33-33.
James Flynn fired in three 3-pointers to lead Davidson with 11 points while Stone Norton notched 10.
Hanley Sobieszczyk scored 18 points from the post for Friendship while Joe Greenwood continued his hot streak from outside with three 3-pointers on his way to 14. Ashton Young added the remaining 12.
Bears move back into share of 9-AAA lead
MT. JULIET — With Lebanon defeating Gallatin, Mt. Juliet moved back into a tie for the District 9-AAA lead with a 49-36 win over Hendersonville on Friday night.
The Golden Bears led 15-14 following the first quarter, 27-21 at halftime and 29 through three as they improved to 19-6 for the season and 9-3 in the district.
Isaac Stephens powered in 21 points, getting Mt. Juliet going with eight in the first quarter. Bryan Aiken added nine while Will Pruitt's eight included a pair of three-pointers. Gavin Wilson scored seven while Jordan Lockridge and J.C. Crawford each collected two.
Noah Taylor tossed in two three-pointers in leading Hendersonville with 17 as the Commandos, with Lebanon beating Gallatin, fell out of a third-place tie with the Blue Devils at 7-5.
Mt. Juliet will play host to Station Camp on Tuesday night.
MJCA finishes seventh in district, faces return trip to CA
CLARKSVILLE — Mt. Juliet Christian was no match for Clarksville Academy on Friday night as the Cougars closed the regular season with a 52-16 win.
The Saints finished seventh in Middle Region District 2-A, meaning they will have to return to No. 2 seed CA on Wednesday night for the elimination round of the district tournament, with the winner advancing to the semifinals at Goodpasture next Friday.
Logan Collier, Trent Graves and Gavin Forsha each finished with four points for Mt. Juliet Christian while Caylor Bates and Montrell Walker each turned in two.
FILE - In this Tuesday, Dec. 2, 2014 file photo, Brigham Young University paleontologist Brooks Britt, right, works to excavate a sauropod humerus from a hillside on the Fossil Discovery Trail at Dinosaur National Monument in Utah. The fossil was vandalized in September, 2014, making it necessary to remove it for safekeeping. In a paper published Tuesday, April 11, 2017, BYU officials say they've identified the fossil as that of a new dinosaur, named Moabosaurus, since it was found near Moab, Utah. (Geoff Liesik/Deseret News via AP, File)
MOAB, Utah (AP) — In a story April 14 about a newly named dinosaur, The Associated Press erroneously attached photos from a different fossil dig in Utah. The photos have been removed.
The story is below:
Professors name dinosaur after digging up thousands of bones
University officials say they've named a dinosaur that they found hidden in Utah
MOAB, Utah (AP) — University officials say they've named a dinosaur that they found hidden in Utah.
Brigham Young University professors have created a full picture of the sauropod from thousands of fossilized bones and published a paper Tuesday in the University of Michigan's Contributions from the Museum of Paleontology.
The creature has been named Moabosaurus because it was found near Moab. Like other sauropods, researchers say it was an herbivore with a long neck and tail and a small brain but it was much smaller, at 32 feet.
The paper says the Moabosaurus is 125 million years old and its skeleton was found in a quarry. Geologist Brooks Britt and his team have been excavating the bones since the late 1970s.
The skeleton is on display at BYU's Museum of Paleontology.
Wilkins Peak Trails Day will take place in Green River on June 2, 2018.
The event is hosted by Sweetwater Mountain Biking Association (SMBA) and the Green River Chamber of Commerce and provides opportunities for bicyclists of all skill levels.
Advertisement
Participants are invited to FMC Park at 8:30 a.m. for a free pancake breakfast followed by trail rides.
Beginner, intermediate, and advanced trails are available.
There will also be a night ride on Friday, June 1st at 8 p.m. Participants in the night ride are asked to meet at the Wilkins Peak Bike Trailhead.
Raffle, giveaways, and lunch begin after the morning ride.
Visit grchamber.com or call the Green River Chamber at 307-875-5711 for more information.
The House Intelligence Committee released the much anticipated memo on Friday afternoon. (pdf here) Full Memo Embed Below. The memo discusses abuses involving FISA, or the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, during the 2016 election.
(LINK)
ALEXANDRIA, Va. (AP) — Prosecutors say a former CIA case officer betrayed his country by giving a Chinese spy information about human assets and other top-secret information.
But defense lawyers say their client is a loyal American who was merely stringing the Chinese along to try to get them to expose details of their own intelligence operation.
A jury heard opening statements Wednesday in the trial of Kevin Mallory of Leesburg, who was working as a consultant when he returned from Shanghai with more than $16,000 in undeclared cash.
Defense attorney Geremy Kamens said Mallory had grown suspicious about a Chinese think tank's job offer and hatched a plan to feed them phony documents. He told people at the CIA, but prosecutors said that was just to cover his tracks.
ORANGE – Canyon coach Mike Ogas felt his team had a lot to prove against El Modena, which was ranked No. 1 in CIF-SS Division 7 this week.
His team proved its resilience Friday night.
Running back Cole Nequette rushed for 118 yards and a touchdown on 16 carries as Canyon defeated El Modena, 17-14, in a nonleague game at El Modena High.
Canyon coach Mike Ogas talks about his team's big, 17-14, victory over El Modena, ranked number 1 in Division 7 CIF-SS polls. @ocvarsity pic.twitter.com/SrjtvfhNzD — Daniel Hernandez (@Danwriteswords) October 7, 2017
“This is huge,” Ogas said. “I think the kids believe, you know, that we can do a lot now and that's the most important thing. If they believe, then we can do anything.”
Canyon's defense made a crucial fourth down stop with just under four minutes left to play when El Modena quarterback A.J. Esperanza threw an incomplete pass on fourth-and-4 from the Comanches 40, handing Canyon the ball one last time to run the clock out with the lead.
Canyon (4-2), ranked No. 10 in Division 7, took a 10-6 lead over the Vanguards (4-2) after Nequette rushed for a 22-yard touchdown in the third quarter. Running back Carson Arcebido added to the lead, 17-6, by rushing for a 7-yard score in the third quarter.
Esperanza completed 12 of 20 passes for 145 yards and a 29-yard touchdown pass to receiver Ryan Smith.
The touchdown closed the gap, 17-14, midway through the fourth quarter. Running back Andrew Carvajal rushed for the 2-point conversion.
Canyon RB Cole Nequette rushed for 118 yards and a touchdown in his team's, 17-14, victory over El Modena Friday night. @ocvarsity pic.twitter.com/27stAJw737 — Daniel Hernandez (@Danwriteswords) October 7, 2017
While Canyon did not feature much of a passing attack (7 total yards in the air), the rushing game tallied 298 yards behind a bruising offensive line that eventually wore out the defensive front for El Modena.
Chris Labbe intercepted a pass by Canyon quarterback Jacob Munro that led to a 2-yard Carvajal touchdown run in the second quarter. The score gave El Modena a 6-3 lead after the extra point attempt was blocked.
Kicker Max Meyers hit a 31-yard field goal in the first quarter to hand Canyon a 3-0 lead.
Transcript for London apartment building still smoldering, in danger of collapsing
And now let's go back to more details about that deadly apartment building fire in London ABC's Molly hunter has been there now on the scene for several hours Molly joining us again from London. Molly what he now. Good. Marty. No we aren't exactly. And it won't get that building right there won't bring behind you think that thing. Black smokes that you not to see the firefighters still. Fighting the fire they're waters that's still going up at the late it. Not that building are out of reach and the reason that fire that flames in both the top of that building spread. So quickly from the fourth floor where it's believed that this fire started is because of this external clouding. Apparently in the prefer basement last year at thirteen million dollar verdict and on that building just last here. External fat with but it was put in for but aesthetic reasons and insulation and residents tell and that's what caught fire that's what's red. Rapid buildings so quickly that firefighters even arrived on the scene immediately could not put the fire thank you wanna say residents are all the time has. That their instructions from the building from the landlord that if the fire happened in their apartment on there floor. Get out of that if the fire happened at different part of the building stay in place and that's might panic and it's so many people got stranded. Up top gambling is outward seen leaning out the window late last night flashlight waving trying to get the attention of rescuers but of course these buildings. Selling stable right now it's very likely and he might still life in those upper levels thanks. Kenneth Noonan Molly I know they have their hundreds of firefighters on the scene some of them working through the night we're now getting some images in. Of those firefighters just looking absolutely exhausted you can imagine. What they've gone through trying to get this fire under control and we can see so many hours later is still burning you're still seeing their names. It is a frustrating effort for those firefighters some residents shockingly say they smelled. Smoke and then some thirty minutes later they heard that fire detectors go off the smoke alarms go off what a horrible scene there in London of course we're gonna have very latest on that.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
An armed robber apparently gave police the slip despite an intense manhunt Tuesday in the East Bay.The search happened in Oakland's Rockridge district near the BART station. It began with a robbery in Berkeley that led to a police pursuit into Oakland.The suspect hit a car and then crashed. He then ran into the Rockridge neighborhood. The search halted service momentarily at the neighborhood's BART station for around 20 minutes.
Federations election: NBBF accuses NOC scribe of betrayal
The Tijjani Umar-led Board of the Nigeria Basketball Federation, NBBF has faulted claims by the Secretary General of the Nigeria Olympic Committee, NOC Mr. Tunde Popoola that he was not aware of the Federation's election held in Kano on Monday, June 12, 2017.
The NBBF, in a statement signed by its Media Adviser, Patrick Omorodion, said that Mr Popoola was not being sincere about the Kano election because “the NOC is custody of the NBBF ratified Constitution and the election rules and regulation which (it) made input into for the conduct of the election”.
According to the statement, the “NOC was fully aware and briefed on the intention of the NBBF to conduct its election according to its Constitution which is the best practice around the world”.
It stressed that it has succeeded in taking the sport from the highest bidder and would not waste precious time arguing with people and trying to justify the legality or otherwise of the election in Kano or Abuja.
“It is a fact known to all that the Secretary General of the NOC who is aware of all these facts has betrayed the NOC family in Nigeria by pursuing an agenda that is not acceptable to the rest of the NOC Exco and Executive Board,” the NBBF stated.
While stating that it “ has forwarded to the International Basketball Federation (FIBA) and all who should know a full report on the election and will await any action or decision from it”, the NBBF said that Nigeria does not deserve “the intrigues, irregularities, mischief and outright confusion” that characterized the Abuja elections on June 13, 2017″.
The post Federations election: NBBF accuses NOC scribe of betrayal appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
SANTA ANA — A Long Beach man who got into a fistfight with another man who angered him by stepping over his laptop, then pulled out a knife and stabbed the victim, was convicted Wednesday of second-degree murder.
Logan James Cunningham, 29, is scheduled to be sentenced Aug. 17 for attacking 40-year-old Jason Paul Torres of Costa Mesa on Aug. 7, 2016, near a Shell station at 710 E. Dyer Road in Santa Ana. He faces a potential 16 years to life behind bars.
Cunningham and Torres were with other friends partying at a Santa Ana motel when “at one point the defendant told everyone in the motel room, `Don't step over my laptop,' and at one point the victim does that,” Senior Deputy District Attorney Keith Burke told jurors in his opening statement.
Cunningham complained he was being “disrespected” when one of the friends, Deanna Kirk, said it was “no big deal,” the prosecutor said.
As Cunningham and Torres left the gathering, Kirk lent them her car, Burke said. A short distance from the motel, a homeless man heard the two arguing loudly in the car before it pulled over near the Shell station, the prosecutor said.
The two got out of the car and began throwing punches at each other, but not landing any, Burke said. At some point during the 30-second struggle, Torres was stabbed “at least twice” in the chest, he said.
The transient heard Torres say,”You stabbed me. You stabbed me in the heart. You're going to jail,” according to Burke.
The prosecutor showed the jury surveillance video of Torres staggering to the Shell station for help. Torres was taken to a nearby hospital, where he was pronounced dead shortly after arrival, Burke said.
Cunningham made an unsuccessful attempt to retrieve Kirk's car keys, and when he couldn't find them, he ran back to the motel, where he told her that he had gotten into a fight, the prosecutor said.
He told jurors that the defendant “wanted to fight and that's why he parked” in an unlit and dark area, then “pulled out a knife and stabbed Jason Torres in the heart.”
Instead of running to the gas station to get help or calling police, Cunningham ran back to the motel, where he told Kirk he lost the keys to the car but failed to mention the stabbing, Burke said.
Police traced the car back to Kirk's mother, which led them to Cunningham, the prosecutor said. Police also found Cunningham's cell phone in the car, he said.
Police arrested Cunningham at his parents' home in Long Beach, where they found an article about the stabbing on a computer monitor, Burke said.
Cunningham “brought a knife to a fistfight,” Burke said. “And he had no legal justification to do that.”
Cunningham's attorney, Ernest Eady, had predicted jurors were unlikely to ever hear what started the fight and after hearing all the evidence “will not find that this rises to the level of a murder.”
It wasn't long ago the St. Catharines Falcons found themselves fourth in their conference standings.
They now sit just four points back of the GOJHL Golden Horseshoe-leading Caledonia Corvairs for first-place thanks to a winning streak extended to 11 games with a victory over the Welland Canadians.
The Falcons dispatched of the Canadians 3-2 at home Friday night, despite being penalized for 54 minutes' worth of infractions.
Goaltender Dillon Lamarche stopped 18 of 20 shots against for the Falcons. His Canadians counterpart Charles Grimard made 30 saves on 33 shots against.
Forward Michael Davies opened the scoring for the Falcons in the first period, capitalizing on a rush opportunity from the left side of the ice. Falcons Head Coach Dan Fitzgerald attributes part of his team's recent success to the offensive play of Davies.
“He's been really good,” said Fitzgerald. “We need to keep him playing but he's a real catalyst for our offense.
“He's a threat every time he's on the ice.”
Defenseman Matt Busby tallied on the power-play in the second period, capitalizing on a 5-on-3 opportunity for the Falcons. Rookie Tristan deJong gave the Falcons a three goal lead shortly after with a shot from the point.
“I really liked our second period,” said Fitzgerald. “We were too scrambled in the first and third and we have some things we really need to tighten up.”
Davies was ejected from the game early in the third period after receiving his second 10-minute misconduct for abuse of an official. Welland's power-play proved to be strong in the third period, scoring twice in rapid succession with goals from Matthew Giannini and Anthony Grigg.
The Canadians scored on two of six opportunities with the extra man. St. Catharines scored just once on seven power-plays.
Despite winning their 11th straight, the Falcons are not taking their success for granted.
“It's funny, I didn't even know it was 11 games,” said Fitzgerald. “We're focused on winning hockey games, each and every game, every period, every battle.”
Both teams are back in action on Sunday, when the Falcons will look to extend their winning streak to 12 in Welland at 1:30 p.m.
Microplastic Pollution Is Choking Our Oceans
The number of tiny plastic pieces polluting the world's oceans is vastly greater than thought, new research indicates.
The work reveals the highest microplastic pollution yet discovered anywhere in the world in a river near Manchester in the UK. It also shows that the major floods in the area in 2015-16 flushed more than 40bn pieces of microplastic into the sea.
The surge of such a vast amount of microplastic from one small river catchment in a single event led the scientists to conclude that the current estimate for the number of particles in the ocean -- five trillion -- is a major underestimate.
Microplastics include broken-down plastic waste, synthetic fibers and beads found in personal hygiene products. They are known to harm marine life, which mistake them for food, and can be consumed by humans too via seafood, tap water or other food. The risk to people is still not known, but there are concerns that microplastics can accumulate toxic chemicals and that the tiniest could enter the bloodstream.
"Given their pervasive and persistent nature, microplastics have become a global environmental concern and a potential risk to human populations," said Rachel Hurley from the University of Manchester and colleagues in their report, published in Nature Geoscience.
The team analyzed sediments in 10 rivers within about 20km of Manchester and all but one of the 40 sites showed microplastic contamination. After the winter floods of 2015-16, they took new samples and found that 70% of the microplastics had been swept away, a total of 43bn particles or 850kg. Of those, about 17bn would float in seawater.
"This is a small to medium sized catchment in the north of England, it is one flood event, it is just one year -- there is no way that [5tn global] estimate is right," said Hurley. The researchers said total microplastic pollution in the world's oceans "must be far higher."
The worst hotspot, on the River Tame, had more than 500,000 microplastic particles per square meter in the top 10cm of river bed. This is the worst concentration ever reported and 50% more than the previous record, in beach sediments from South Korea. But Hurley said there may well be worse places yet to me measured: "We don't have much data for huge rivers in the global south, which may have so much more plastic in."
"There is so much effort going into the marine side of the microplastic problem but this research shows it is really originating upstream in river catchments," she said. "We need to control those sources to even begin to clean up the oceans."
About a third of microplastics found by the team before the flooding were microbeads, tiny spheres used in personal care products and banned in the UK in January. This high proportion surprised the scientists, who said the beads may well also derive from industrial uses, which are not covered by the ban.
Erik van Sebille, at Utrecht University in the Netherlands and and not part of the research team, said the work does support a much higher estimate of global microplastic pollution in the oceans: "I'm not surprised by that conclusion. In 2015, we found that 99% of all plastic in the ocean is not on the surface anymore. The problem is that we don't know where that 99% of plastic is. Is it on beaches, the seafloor, in marine organisms? Before we can start thinking about cleaning up the plastic, we'll first need to know how it's distributed."
Anne Marie Mahon, at the Galway-Mayo Institute of Technology in Ireland and also not part of the research team, said: "I am actually glad to see the estimate going up a bit, just to show there is this huge contribution coming from the freshwater system." However, she cautioned that not all the microplastics shown in the study to be flushed out by the floods necessarily entered the sea -- some may have been washed over the floodplain instead.
"It is very difficult to tell how this plastic may be affecting us," Hurley said. "But they definitely do enter our bodies. The missing gap is we need to know if we are getting contaminants inside us as a result of plastic particles."
The smallest particles that could be analyzed in the new research were 63 microns, roughly the width of a human hair. But much smaller plastic particles will exist, and Hurley said: "It is the really small stuff we get worried about, as they can get through the membranes in the gut and in the bloodstream -- that is the real fear."
The surge of such a vast amount of microplastic from one small river catchment in a single event led the scientists to conclude that the current estimate for the number of particles in the ocean -- five trillion -- is a major underestimate.
Microplastics include broken-down plastic waste, synthetic fibers and beads found in personal hygiene products. They are known to harm marine life, which mistake them for food, and can be consumed by humans too via seafood, tap water or other food. The risk to people is still not known, but there are concerns that microplastics can accumulate toxic chemicals and that the tiniest could enter the bloodstream.
"Given their pervasive and persistent nature, microplastics have become a global environmental concern and a potential risk to human populations," said Rachel Hurley from the University of Manchester and colleagues in their report, published in Nature Geoscience.
The team analyzed sediments in 10 rivers within about 20km of Manchester and all but one of the 40 sites showed microplastic contamination. After the winter floods of 2015-16, they took new samples and found that 70% of the microplastics had been swept away, a total of 43bn particles or 850kg. Of those, about 17bn would float in seawater.
"This is a small to medium sized catchment in the north of England, it is one flood event, it is just one year -- there is no way that [5tn global] estimate is right," said Hurley. The researchers said total microplastic pollution in the world's oceans "must be far higher".
The worst hotspot, on the River Tame, had more than 500,000 microplastic particles per square meter in the top 10cm of river bed. This is the worst concentration ever reported and 50% more than the previous record, in beach sediments from South Korea. But Hurley said there may well be worse places yet to me measured: "We don't have much data for huge rivers in the global south, which may have so much more plastic in."
"There is so much effort going into the marine side of the microplastic problem but this research shows it is really originating upstream in river catchments," she said. "We need to control those sources to even begin to clean up the oceans."
About a third of microplastics found by the team before the flooding were microbeads, tiny spheres used in personal care products and banned in the UK in January. This high proportion surprised the scientists, who said the beads may well also derive from industrial uses, which are not covered by the ban.
Erik van Sebille, at Utrecht University in the Netherlands and and not part of the research team, said the work does support a much higher estimate of global microplastic pollution in the oceans: "I'm not surprised by that conclusion. In 2015, we found that 99% of all plastic in the ocean is not on the surface anymore. The problem is that we don't know where that 99% of plastic is. Is it on beaches, the seafloor, in marine organisms? Before we can start thinking about cleaning up the plastic, we'll first need to know how it's distributed."
Anne Marie Mahon, at the Galway-Mayo Institute of Technology in Ireland and also not part of the research team, said: "I am actually glad to see the estimate going up a bit, just to show there is this huge contribution coming from the freshwater system." However, she cautioned that not all the microplastics shown in the study to be flushed out by the floods necessarily entered the sea -- some may have been washed over the floodplain instead.
"It is very difficult to tell how this plastic may be affecting us," Hurley said. "But they definitely do enter our bodies. The missing gap is we need to know if we are getting contaminants inside us as a result of plastic particles."
The smallest particles that could be analyzed in the new research were 63 microns, roughly the width of a human hair. But much smaller plastic particles will exist, and Hurley said: "It is the really small stuff we get worried about, as they can get through the membranes in the gut and in the bloodstream -- that is the real fear."
© 2018 Guardian Web under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: EB/Artist's concept.
A fire at the 5100 block of 56 Ave. has been deemed non-suspicious according to Fire Chief Jordan Newton.
The fire department received a report of an apartment fire shortly after 1:00 p.m. The fire department responded quickly, and say there was heavy smoke within the apartment. They were able to keep the fire contained to the room of origin – a kitchen.
Newton says no one was injured and multiple pets were rescued from the building. They believe the fire originated from something cooking.
Faculty-conducted study takes a physics look at climate change
Amidst walls decked with posters of the solar system and celestial bodies, physics professor Liming Li often sits in his office on the fifth floor of Science and Research Building 1, contemplating the mysteries of the cosmos. In his latest publication, he brought his intellect down to Earth.
The study, recently published in “Nature Communications” and co-authored by two other members of the faculty, views the Earth's atmosphere as a heat engine in order to analyze climate change from an innovative angle.
“Global warming is well-studied from a meteorological standpoint, but there is a different way to understand this phenomenon,” Li said. “My idea was to check this concept from a physics perspective.”
Co-author and Earth and atmospheric science professor Xun Jiang and Li say they view the Earth's atmosphere as a physics machine that converts energy from the sun into energy of motion, called a heat engine, in order to verify climate change results that have been observed.
“Variation of global surface temperature over time is a very complicated problem, which is affected by many factors, including the atmospheric energetics, which we studied,” said Jiang.
Heat engines, a subject covered in many physics II classes, are simply machines which convert potential energy into kinetic energy. This research investigates the Earth's atmosphere as it functions like a heat engine, converting the potential energy received from the sun into kinetic energy that moves molecules of air around the atmosphere to create weather.
“These findings indicate that there should be more eddies, more storms (and) more hurricanes in the future,” Li said.
The study found that the rate at which the Earth is converting the potential energy into kinetic energy is increasing over time. This means that the same amount of energy from the sun is able to cause more meteorological activity today than it would have 35 years ago.
Findings from this study indicate the efficiency of the Earth as a heat engine is increasing, which means the effects of global warming are increasing.
Researchers were able to analyze three independent sets of three-dimensional data collected over a 35-year period, with only the help of complicated computer code that utilized Lorenz equations.
“The Lorenz equations are used to describe the potential and kinetic energies and the conversions among those energies in the atmosphere,” said Gan Li, another co-author and graduate student at Guilin University.
The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change suggests that global surface temperature will continue to increase in the future, which could snowball into global weather abnormalities.This study in particular points out that the increasing efficiency of the Earth as a heat engine is a possible explanation to the bouts of severe weather that have ravaged certain areas of the globe.
Though it is clear that the Earth's climate is changing, it's uncertain what is causing the conversion rate to go up.
“The physics behind the increased efficiency is still unclear,” said Jiang.
[email protected]
A multi-vehicle accident involving a semi-truck at the intersection of Highway 377 and Acton Highway near Kroger has shut down eastbound 377.
(CNN) -- Two Georgia fugitives accused of killing two corrections officers in an escape from a prisoner-transport bus this week may have stolen a second vehicle, authorities said Wednesday.
Investigators believe inmates Donnie Russell Rowe and Ricky Dubose took a white, 2008 Ford F-250 pickup from a business off Interstate 20 in north-central Georgia's Morgan County on Tuesday night or Wednesday morning, authorities said.
The truck would be at least the second vehicle they're alleged to have stolen since their escape Tuesday morning from the prison bus in adjacent Putnam County, Putnam County Sheriff Howard Sills said.
"They're dangerous criminals, and we need the public's help in locating these vehicles and these individuals," Sills said.
A multistate manhunt is underway for Rowe, 43, and Dubose, 24, and a reward for their capture has risen to $90,000, the sheriff said.
The escape
Rowe and Dubose were on a state corrections bus with 31 other prisoners Tuesday morning when the two somehow got out of what should have been a locked, gated rear section of the bus, police said.
The men entered the driver's compartment, overpowered and disarmed Officers Christopher Monica and Curtis Billue while the bus was on State Route 16 between Eatonton and Sparta, police said.
At least one of the escapees shot and killed the officers, authorities said. Leaving the other prisoners in the bus, Rowe and Dubose carjacked a green Honda Civic and drove away after forcing the driver out, Sills said.
Both were serving prison sentences for separate armed robbery and assault convictions, and they knew each other, having been cellmates at some point, authorities said.
They most recently were housed at Baldwin State Prison near Milledgeville. But they and the other prisoners were being transported Tuesday to the Georgia Diagnostic and Classification Prison, some 45 miles west of Eatonton.
It wasn't immediately clear why the prisoners were being transferred. Investigators will analyze footage from video cameras on the bus to determine how the two got free and who pulled the trigger, the sheriff said.
A house burglary, and the stolen vehicles
Sometime after the escape and carjacking, the men are believed to have ransacked a house perhaps 30 miles from where they left the bus, Sills said.
They took food and may have stolen some clothes, the sheriff said.
Here are the descriptions of the vehicles police are looking for:
• The 2004 green, four-door Honda Civic, with Georgia license plate RBJ6601, was carjacked shortly after the escape Tuesday morning.
• The 2008 white Ford F-250 pickup, with Georgia license plate BCX5372, was stolen between Tuesday evening and Wednesday morning from a rural business.
The truck has damage to the right rear quarter panel, a trailer hitch that "in some manner has been cut with a torch," and tool boxes on each side, Sills said. The truck had been used for work at an unspecified site.
The business did not appear to have been broken into, the sheriff said.
"I'm sure (the keys) were left" in the truck, Sills said. "This is a rock quarry-type place."
Tracks and footprints led investigators to believe Rowe and Dubose took the truck, Sills said.
Sills said the two men may be in the truck, but he did not rule out they may have split up.
'I have their blood on my shoes'
The sheriff became emotional Tuesday as he recounted the scene when he got to the bus.
"I saw two brutally murdered corrections officers, that's what I saw," Sills said. "I have their blood on my shoes."
Sills are asked about reports that one of the prisoners was connected to a gang.
"I don't care if they're members of the First Presbyterian Church. They murdered two correctional officers," he said.
Reward offered
Georgia Gov. Nathan Deal said the state will use all available resources to track down the fugitives.
"Two families lost everything in a heinous and senseless act of violence perpetrated at the hands of cowards," Deal said. "Our heartbreak is matched only in our resolve to bring their murderers to justice."
The sheriff of Oconee County, north of where the killings occurred, posted a message for the escaped convicts on Facebook.
"Donnie and Ricky, I hope you are reading this. What is done. However, I am asking you to surrender yourselves to the nearest law enforcement officer as soon as possible. You made your escape, but you won't be out long. ... There is no one you can trust ... and nowhere you can go that we won't find you," the sheriff wrote.
Protocol for moving prisoners
It is standard protocol to have two officers -- armed but not wearing ballistic vests -- transport prisoners on a bus, authorities said.
Monica, 42, a sergeant, worked for the department for almost eight years and leaves a wife. Billue, 58, a 10-year employee, is survived by his father, brother and sister, Georgia Department of Corrections Commissioner Greg Dozier said.
Rowe was serving a sentence of up to life in prison for armed robbery and aggravated assault in a 2001 case, according to the Department of Corrections website.
Dubose was sentenced to up to 20 years in prison for armed robbery, aggravated assault and theft in 2014, the website shows. He also was convicted of theft and identity fraud in cases from August 2010.
The other prisoners on the bus were taken to the sheriff's office and put on another corrections department bus.
CNN's Devon Sayers, Steve Almasy, Emanuella Grinberg, Tina Burnside and Nick Valencia contributed to this report.
The-CNN-Wire™ & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
Dangote Could Become World's Largest Exporter of Rice by 2021 – Adesina
Akinwumi Adesina, president of the African Development Bank (AfDB), says billionaire businessman, Aliko Dangote, may become the largest exporter of rice in the world by 2021.
Speaking at the Mo Ibrahim Forum in Morocco over the weekend, Adesina said Africa must focus on agriculture to drive growth and create jobs on the continent.
“I remember when I was minister of Agriculture in Nigeria. Aliko Dangote was there, and he was our biggest importer at the time, and he and I used to have all the time to dialogue,” Adesina said.
“One day, I was in my office, about 10 O'clock, Aliko walks in, Ngozi was minister of finance. Aliko bangs on my door and said ‘minister I came to see you', and I said ‘what are we going to disagree on this time?'
“He said no, I have actually looked at the policies, and the policies you put in place for import substitution are very right policies. So, I have changed my business model from being an importer to being a local producer.”
Adesina narrated the role Dangote played in his happiest day as a minister in Nigeria.
“I said what exactly are you going to do. He said I will put in $300 million into producing and processing rice in Nigeria. I said yippee! I went home, I told my wife, my best day as minister,” he said.
“He comes back three months after that, he says I have changed my mind, I said ‘what in the world happened?' He said no, I have changed my mind from $300 million to a billion dollars.
“If they continue that policy, he would probably be the single largest producer of rice in the world, in about four years. The reason why I was so excited about that is that agriculture is cool, agriculture is a business…agriculture pays.”
Adesina was named Forbes Africa Person of the Year 2013, while Dangote won the same award in 2014.
It would be recalled that a tripartite agreement put together by the Dangote Rice limited to create jobs for 16,000 outgrower rice farmers in Sokoto was recently signed with the Sokoto State government and rice growers in the country after which he launched the rice outgrowers scheme in Sokoto.
Aliko Dangote , the Chairman of Dangote Rice Limited, Asaid he was moved to go into rice cultivation because of the genuine interest of the Federal government to revive agriculture as the mainstay of the economy, and reduce importation of foods that could be produced locally.
He lamented that Nigeria consumes 6.5 Mtn of rice which costs the nation over 2 billion dollars annually pointing out that it is heartening that the government now has policy direction that encourages private sector's active participation in agriculture.
He disclosed then that “In the next three years we want to produce one million tons of quality rice and make it available and affordable to the people. We hope to do 150, 000 ha and when we are done, Nigeria will not have anything to do with importation of rice.
__________ Follow us on Twitter at @thesignalng Copyright 2017 SIGNAL. Permission to use portions of this article is granted provided appropriate credits are given to www.signalng.com and other relevant sources.
The post Dangote Could Become World's Largest Exporter of Rice by 2021 – Adesina appeared first on SIGNAL.
This post was syndicated from SIGNAL. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Pius Adesanmi: This is bad optics, Prof. Osinbajo
by Pius Adesanmi I'd be remiss to let this slide without acknowledging such an important day in the life of…
Read » Pius Adesanmi: This is bad optics, Prof. Osinbajo on YNaija
This post was syndicated from YNaija. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Dear Visitor,
Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on.
We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge.
Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site.
So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker's "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Like a Cut-and-Paste Tool, Gene Editing Transforms Research
Gene editing is getting fresh attention thanks to a successful lab experiment with human embryos. But for all the angst over possibly altering reproduction years from now, this technology already is used by scientists every day in fields ranging from agriculture to drug development.
New gene editing tools let scientists alter the DNA of living cells -- from plants, animals, even humans -- more precisely than ever before. Think of it as a biological cut-and-paste program. A look at the science.
What Is Gene Editing
While scientists have long been able to find defective genes, fixing them has been so cumbersome that it's slowed development of genetic therapies. There are several gene editing methods, but a tool called CRISPR-Cas9 has sparked a boom in research as laboratories worldwide adopted it over the past five years because it's faster, cheaper, simple to use with minimal training and allows manipulation of multiple genes at the same time.
How It Works
Pieces of RNA are engineered to be a guide that homes in on the targeted stretch of genetic material. The Cas9 is an enzyme that acts like molecular scissors to snip that spot. That allows scientists to delete, repair, or replace a particular gene.
Medical Research
The fresh attention comes from research involving human embryos. In laboratory experiments, a team lead by Oregon researchers used CRISPR to successfully repair a heart-damaging gene in human embryos, marking a step toward one day being able to prevent inherited diseases from being passed on to the next generation. But there's wide agreement that more research is needed before ever testing the technique in pregnancy.
The biggest everyday use of CRISPR so far is to engineer animals with human-like disorders for basic research, such as learning how genes cause disease or influence development and what therapies might help.
But promising research, in labs and animals so far, also suggests gene editing might lead to treatments for such diseases as sickle cell, cancer, maybe Huntington's -- by altering cells and returning them to the body. Another project aims to one day grow transplantable human organs inside pigs.
The Biggest Hurdle
Safety is a key question because gene editing isn't always precise enough; there's the possibility of accidentally cutting DNA that's similar to the real target. Researchers have improved precision in recent years, but out-of-body treatments like using cells as drugs get around the fear of fixing one problem only to spark another.
The Ethics Controversy
Altering genes in sperm, eggs or embryos can spread those changes to future generations, so-called "germline" engineering. But it's ethically charged because future generations couldn't consent, any long-term negative effects might not become apparent for years, and there's concern about babies designed with enhanced traits rather than to prevent disease.
Earlier this year, an ethics report from the prestigious National Academy of Sciences opened the door to lab research to figure out how to make such changes -- but said if germline editing ever is allowed, it should be reserved for serious diseases with no good alternatives and performed under rigorous oversight.
Is That Legal?
Where you live determines if, or what kind of, research can be performed on human embryos. Some countries, especially in Europe, ban germline research. Britain allows basic lab research only.
In the U.S., scientists can perform laboratory embryo research only with private, not federal taxpayer, funding, as the Oregon team did. Any attempt to study germline editing in pregnant women would require permission from the Food and Drug Administration, which is currently prohibited by Congress from reviewing any such request.
Beyond Medicine
Researchers also are using gene editing to hatch malaria-resistant mosquitoes, grow strains of algae that produce biofuels, improve crop growth, even make mushrooms that don't brown as quickly.
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock/Artist's concept.
Paul Snow-Hansen and Dan Willcox - Click image for a larger image
Perfect conditions for top Kiwi 470 sailors Paul Snow-Hansen and Dan Willcox. For others, it was pretty chaotic.
The mast of one boat snapped, others were damaged and many boats struggled to get ashore in the extreme conditions.
It meant that only one race was possible Saturday in some fleets and two in others and the three-day regatta will go into catch-up mode.
Snow-Hansen and Willcox revelled in the strong winds to record two wins in the mens 470 fleet.
They started the first race poorly, rounding the top mark in last, but clawed their way back on the downwind leg. They then dominated the second race to win comfortably.
“It was awesome,” said Willcox, who last weekend finished fifth with Snow-Hansen in the World Cup regatta in Miami. “You can't ask for better conditions in the 470 – 15-20 knots and onshore with big waves – so it was awesome fun."
“Today was a great day to shake off the jetlag. It looks like we have a bit lighter tomorrow but still onshore with waves so it's really about having fun and encouraging a lot of the younger guys in the 470.”
One of those is 17-year-old twins Courtney and Brianna Reynolds-Smith who last year won the womens 470 under-20 world title and are being coached this weekend by two-time Olympic medallist Jo Aleh.
The pair were second and third in Saturday's races to sit second overall against a handful of internationals and are first female crew.
Only one race was possible for the Laser fleet, with Tom Saunders winning ahead of fellow NZL Sailing Team member and Rio bronze medallist Sam Meech.
The NZL Sailing Team members stood out on day 1, with Josh Junior leading in the Finn ahead of Andy Maloney (NZL) and Nicholas Heiner (NED).
Gemma Jones and Jason Saunders and Liv Mackay and Micah Wilkinson the top two crews in the Nacra and Alex Maloney and Molly Meech won both races in the 49erFX.
In the 49er, David Gilmour and Joel Turner of Australia took the single race ahead of William and Sam Phillip AUS>
The Oceanbridge NZL Sailing Regatta is New Zealand's premier event for Olympic and youth classes and has attracted close to 200 sailors, including about 90 from overseas.
Leading Results from the day 1 of Oceanbridge NZL Sailing Regatta:
Laser
1st: Thomas Saunders (NZL) 1 – 1 pts
2nd: Sam Meech (NZL) 2 – 2 pts
3rd: George Gautry (NZL) 3 – 3 pts
Laser Radial
1st: Susannah Pyatt (NZL) 1 2 – 3 pts
2nd: Josh Armit (NZL) 3 1 – 4 pts
3rd: Scott Leith (NZL) 2 3 – 5 pts
Finn
1st: Josh Junior (NZL) 1 – 1 pt
2nd: Andy Maloney (NZL) 2 – 2 pts
3rd: Nicholas Heiner (NED) 3 – 3 pts
Men's 470
1st: Paul Snow-Hansen / Dan Willcox (NZL) 1 1 – 2 pts
2nd: Kidong Park / Sangmin Shin (KOR) 5 4 – 9 pts
3rd: Gunwoo Park / Sungmin Cho (KOR) OCS9 2 – 11 pts
Women's 470
1st: Courtney Reynolds-Smith / Brianna Reynolds-Smith (NZL) 2 3 – 5 pts
49er
1st: David Gilmour / Joel Turner (AUS) 1 – 1 pts
2nd: William Phillips / Sam Phillips (AUS) 2 – 2 pts
3rd: Josh Porebski / Trent Rippey (NZL) 3 – 3 pts
49erFX
1st: Alex Maloney / Molly Meech (NZL) 1 – 1 pt
2nd: Amelia Stabback / Ella Clark (AUS) 2 – 2 pts
3rd: Helene Naess / Marie Ronningen (NOR) 5 – pts
Nacra 17
1st: Gemma Jones / Jason Saunders (NZL) 1 1 – 2 pts
2nd: Liv MacKay / Micah Wilkinson (NZL) 2 2 – 4 pts
3rd: Lin Ea Christiansen / Christian Stephenson (DEN) 3 3 – 6 pts
RS:X 9.5
1st: Antonio Cozzolino (NZL) 1 – 1 pt
2nd: Lee Hyeong Min (KOR) 2 – 2 pts
3rd: Moon Changsung (KOR) 3 – 3 pts
See the Full results here
Follow Sailweb on Facebook - Click here
Follow Sailweb on Twitter - Click here
G New
3 February 2018 7:44 GMT
Daddy Yo Got You!! Wizkid Finally Receives Basit, The Boy Mechanic He Wants To Sponsor His Education
Earlier today Wizkid reveals he wants to sponsor the education of a Nigerian kid named Basit. He captioned: “Found my Gucci Boy, Daddy Yo Got You Now he has found him, see his tweet below:
The post Daddy Yo Got You!! Wizkid Finally Receives Basit, The Boy Mechanic He Wants To Sponsor His Education appeared first on Ngyab.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Ngyab. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Don't lose hope in PDP, Dickson urges party faithful
Bayelsa State governor, Mr Seriake Dickson, has urged Peoples Democratic Party, PDP faithful, not to lose hope in the party, as the “PDP will bounce back.”
Speaking on the lingering PDP leadership crisis, in an interview, Dickson called on those defecting from the party to desist forthwith, noting that PDP is a national institution that must not die.
The governor said: “Nigeria is in dire need of a strong political party in government and a strong opposition party which we are currently lacking as the Progressives Congress, APC, is also enmeshed in crisis.”
Governor Dickson, who is the Chairman of the PDP National Reconciliation Committee, said that he was speaking out of concern, following the decampment of PDP members to other parties as well as reports of PDP leaders floating an alternative political platform.
According to him, if PDP leaders had accepted the reconciliation template formulated by his committee, a unity national convention would have held this month to elect its national leadership, and this, he believes, would have put to rest the leadership crisis rocking the party.
The governor lamented that some party leaders opted for the court option, which he stressed, can only adjudicate and not reconcile feuding parties.
Dickson said political leaders in Nigeria exert too much pressure on the judiciary by failing to do things rightly and by failing to build consensus.
“The implication is that Nigerian politicians have become more militant than the military and it is not supposed to be so. I advised political leaders to stop relying on the judiciary to resolve what is essentially an internal party affair, as the internal dispute can best be resolved through a political solution.”
Commenting on the October 1 quit notice to Igbos by the Arewa Youth Coalition, the governor commended the Northern Governors and their Eastern counterparts for rising in unison to condemn the quit notices and hate comments.
According to him, the Nigeria Governors Forum was worried about the state of the country and has consequently set up a committee for which he is a member to intervene, to give hope to the people of Nigeria and resolve conflicts where ever they arise, including the farmers/herdsmen clashes, which he contended was a major security threat.
The Federal Government, he said must deliberately build confidence amongst all the peoples, give a sense of belonging to all component parts and deliberately, return sovereignty to the people to stem the tide of quit notices to Ndigbo and agitations for secession by the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, which he believes are threats to the corporate existence of Nigeria.
The post Don't lose hope in PDP, Dickson urges party faithful appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The dust is just starting to settle on a wild U.S. Open Cup Fourth Round, but 13 MLS teams will learn their fates for the next two rounds of American soccer's oldest tournament very soon.
U.S. Soccer will stream the draw live on their Facebook page at 11 am ET on Thursday. The MLS sides will be joined by three lower-division sides in the Round of 16 draws, including a pair of MLS expansion hopefuls FC Cincinnati – who drew over 30,000 fans to their upset of Columbus Crew SC – and Sacramento Republic FC, who advanced with an emphatic 4-1 win over Real Salt Lake.
The draw will determine the pairings and hosting scenarios for both the Round of 16 (set for June 28) and Quarterfinals (set for July 11). A separate draw will take place the day after the Quarterfinals to determine the hosting rights for the Semifinals and priority for hosting the Final.
Here is a full list of teams that will be drawn on Thursday. Each team is placed into a region, with the possibility of playing one of the other teams in that region.
EAST REGION
D.C. United New England Revolution New York Red Bulls Philadelphia Union
CENTRAL REGION
Colorado Rapids FC Dallas Houston Dynamo Sporting Kansas City
SOUTH REGION
Atlanta United Chicago Fire FC Cincinnati (USL) Miami FC (NASL)
WEST REGION
Communist Party of India Marxist on Saturday called the method of political financing, a way to legalising political corruption in the country. CPI(M) Secretary Sitaram Yechury said his party has always believed that first step to ending political corruption is to ban donations by corporates to political parties. CPI(M) has already challenged the electoral bonds in the Supreme Court.
The CPI-M, which has already challenged electoral bonds in the Supreme Court, on Saturday termed this method of political financing a way to legalising political corruption and a resort for trade-offs between political parties and corporates. “CPI-M has always believed that first step to ending political corruption is to ban donations by corporates to political parties. This is the supply side of corruption … and unless this is plugged, political corruption cannot be ended. “Instead of that, you (BJP) are legalising political corruption. Electoral bonds are nothing but legalisation of political corruption,” Communist Party of India-Marxist General Secretary Sitaram Yechury told media here.
The Supreme Court on Friday had issued a notice to the centre on a CPI-M plea, which challenged the introduction of electoral bonds, which were operationalised earlier the same day through a notification. “This (electoral bond system) is dangerous in the sense that any foreign company can also now donate to political parties and nobody knows who is donating it, which of the party is receiving it. And they have removed earlier clauses and stipulations which had put a ceiling on the amount a corporation can donate to a political party… It means shell companies can be set up, money launderer,” Yechury said.
He condemned the bonds as violation of ‘right to know' — as understood under Article 19(1)(a) of the Constitution and Article 14 (Equality before Law) — brought for “perpetrating a fraud on the constitution by passing it as a money bill, even though it does not qualify as a Money Bill under Article 110 of the Constitution”. He also criticised the amendments made to the Foreign Contribution Regulation Act (FCRA) made through the Finance Bill 2018, which rendered valid all the foreign contributions to political parties made since 1976– the year FCRA was enacted.
“This again is a very very dangerous move whereby foreign companies — who owns them, who controls them, to what method are they raising their resources… It is very clear that these donations are a form of investments by the foreign companies for trade-offs and for deals. This is nothing but crony capitalism of the highest order,” said Yechury. Demanding the repeal of the electoral bonds, Yechury also suggested that corporates should be made to strengthen democracy through a law for the purpose.
“Let there be a law that defines a percentage of profit that must be given for strengthening of democracy and let this fund form a corpus which can form a system of state funding of elections. We see this in many western democracies. And this is a process of state funding of political parties for electoral practices would be more transparent .. We can work out a mechanism,” he added.
Stargazers Rejoice: 'Super Blue Blood Moon' Coming
A rare celestial event will grace the skies during the coming week when a blue moon and lunar eclipse combine with the moon being at its closest point to Earth, resulting in what is being called a "super blue blood moon."
The trifecta will take place on 31 January and will be the best visible from the western hemisphere. The last time the three elements combined at the same time was in 1866.
A "super blue blood moon" is the result of a blue moon -- the second full moon in a calendar month -- occurring at the same time as a supermoon, when the moon is at perigee and about 14% brighter than usual, and a so-called blood moon -- the moment during a lunar eclipse when the moon, in the Earth's shadow, takes on a reddish tint.
Stargazers living in the US will be able to see the eclipse before sunrise on Wednesday, according to NASA. For those in the Middle East, Asia, eastern Russia, Australia and New Zealand, the event will be visible during moonrise on the morning of 31 January.
"For the [continental] US, the viewing will be best in the west," said Gordon Johnston, program executive and lunar blogger at NASA. "Set your alarm early and go out and take a look."
"Weather permitting, the west coast, Alaska and Hawaii will have a spectacular view of totality from start to finish," said Johnston. "Unfortunately, eclipse viewing will be more challenging in the eastern time zone. The eclipse begins at 5.51am ET, as the moon is about to set in the western sky, and the sky is getting lighter in the east."
The eclipse itself is expected to last about an hour and a quarter. For anyone unable to watch the event in person, it will be streamed live online.
NASA said the eclipse will offer scientists a chance to see what happens when the surface of the moon cools quickly.
"The whole character of the moon changes when we observe with a thermal camera during an eclipse," said Paul Hayne of the Laboratory for Atmospheric and Space Physics at the University of Colorado Boulder. "In the dark, many familiar craters and other features can't be seen, and the normally nondescript areas around some craters start to 'glow' because the rocks there are still warm."
© 2018 Guardian Web under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: NASA.
360Fresh: Ezek – Tell Me
Ezek releases his first official single, titled “Tell Me”. A song about taking risks when you're in love and assurance of not getting hurt in return.
https://www.360nobs.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/06/Tell-Me.mp3
Note: There is a file embedded within this post, please visit this post to download the file.
The post 360Fresh: Ezek – Tell Me appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Apple's Face ID: Not So Great for Kids and Twins
The iPhone X might be the future of Apple's smartphone design, but its lauded Face ID facial recognition system has an issue with people under 13: it's much more difficult to tell them apart.
In a security guide published Wednesday, Apple recommends that children under the age of 13 do not use Face ID due to the probability of a false match being significantly higher for young children. The company said this was because “their distinct facial features may not have fully developed”.
While few young children are likely to be given a £999 iPhone, false matches are also more likely for twins and siblings. In all those situations, the company recommends concerned users disable Face ID and use a passcode instead.
For most users -- those over 13 without "evil twins," as Apple's head of iOS Craig Federighi describes them -- the bigger concern is deliberate attacks. Touch ID, Apple's fingerprint sensor, was famously bypassed just two days after it was launched in the iPhone 5S, using a fake fingerprint placed over a real finger.
With Face ID, Apple has implemented a secondary system that exclusively looks out for attempts to fool the technology. Both the authentication and spoofing defense are based on machine learning, but while the former is trained to identify individuals from their faces, the latter is used to look for telltale signs of cheating.
"An additional neural network that's trained to spot and resist spoofing defends against attempts to unlock your phone with photos or masks," the company says. If a completely perfect mask is made, which fools the identification neural network, the defensive system will still notice -- just like a human.
Apple is also confident that it won't fall prey to issues of algorithmic bias that have plagued many attempts to use neural networks at scale. High-profile examples of such failures include the photo-labeling system that tagged black people as gorillas, or the word-association model which states that men are computer programmers and women are homemakers.
Whenever its initial training exposed a demographic shortcoming, Apple says, it “augmented the studies as needed to provide a high degree of accuracy for a diverse range of users”. Time -- and millions of people around the world using the technology -- will tell whether the effort worked, but the company sounds confident.
One area the system will struggle with, however, is facial coverings. Apple says that “Face ID is designed to work with hats, scarves, glasses, contact lenses and many sunglasses,” but ultimately two things dictate whether or not it has a chance of success. The first is whether the coverings are transparent to infrared light, and the second whether the system can see the eyes, nose and mouth. While some fabrics are more transparent to infrared than they may seem, that means iPhone users who cover their faces may be forced to rely on a passcode when out and about.
Separately, Apple has also confirmed that the depth-sensing technology included in the iPhone X is not allowed to be used by developers to create their own facial biometrics, a possibility which had concerned many privacy activists.
The depth sensor data is not directly available to developers, but the camera API now allows them to receive a pixel-by-pixel measure of how far features in an image are from the lens, a system intended to be used to enable image manipulation such as Apple's own portrait mode.
That could theoretically be used to build a standalone authentication feature, albeit one that is less precise than Apple's own, but the company has updated its App Store policies to prevent developers from attempting to do so. “You may not attempt, facilitate, or encourage others to identify anonymous users or reconstruct user profiles based on data collected from depth and/or facial mapping tools,” the company's developer guidelines now state.
© 2017 Guardian Web under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: Product shots by Apple.
Youths Must Shun Corruption For Nigeria To Be Great – Osinbajo
For Nigeria to be great, children and youths must shun corrupt practices, and instead work hard and be honest citizens so that they too can make Nigeria great, according to Vice President Yemi Osinbajo, SAN. According to a statement by his spokesman, Laolu Akande ,Prof. Osinbajo said this during an event to mark the 2018 […]
The post Youths Must Shun Corruption For Nigeria To Be Great – Osinbajo appeared first on Leadership Newspaper.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Leadership Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Educationist stresses importance of completing elementary school
For the umpteenth time parents have been advised to allow their wards complete their elementary education up to grade six level, no matter the intellectual ability of the child.
Proprietress of Little Saints Montessori School, Ilupeju, Lagos, Mrs. Bukky Fadayomi, who gave the advice at an event organised by the school as part of activities to mark Lagos@50, observed that many parents want their children who are good academically to proceed to secondary school from grade five, cautioning that jumping a class is not ideal in an academic setting.
Fadayomi said most times, the pupils involved are not psychologically and emotionally matured to move to secondary school, saying they could be easily misled and lured to nefarious activities, since they are too young to take decisions on their own.
She therefore urged the government to enforce a law that would ensure pupils complete their primary six education to enable them attain full maturity for the secondary education.
Fadayomi said the event was organised to sensitise pupils on the activities of the state where they reside, as well as the reason for the celebration. Pupils were taught about Lagos as the commercial hub city of the country, the ethnic groups, the festivals and cultural believes, among others.
Describing the celebration as awesome and a landmark event, she urged school owners to continually expose learners and keep them abreast of the happenings in the society and also improve their learning contents for the benefits of the children.
Chairman of the school, Mr. Oreoluwa Fadayo, while commending the school for marking the event, expressed regrets that many Nigerians lack knowledge of history and are not showing interest on issues of the past.
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
How can a genuinely democratic, equitable and sustainable society be created? Donate to order this gift now!
Comments
You are encouraged to leave relevant comments but engaging in personal attacks, threats, online bullying or commercial spam will not be allowed. All comments should remain within the bounds of fair play and civility. (You can disagree with others courteously, without being disagreeable.) Feel free to express yourself but keep an open mind toward finding value in what others say. To report abuse or spam, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box.
Assam Chief Minister Sarbananda Sonowal on Monday sought the help of Chinese Ambassador to India Luo Zhaohui for sending a delegation from the state to study the successful management of Hwang Ho river in his country.
At a meeting here on Monday evening when the Chinese envoy met him at his office, Sonowal said managing the Brahmaputra river was a big concern for the state and it would be benefited by learning from the Chinese how the mighty Hwang Ho river — the second-longest river in Asia — had been turned into a resource from a problem.
The Assam Chief Minister also told the Chinese Ambassador that the BJP-led central government was taking keen interest in developing the northeast region as a major trade hub of south-east Asia under its Act East Policy and that opening of the historic Stilwell Road with the neighbouring country was high on the Centre's agenda.
It may be mentioned that Zhaohui urged the Sonowal to consider setting up ties with Kunming and Yunan province, as both these provinces are in geographical proximity to the state. He also extended an invitation to the Chief Minister to the Trade Summit to be held in Kunming in June this year.
Accepting his invitation, Sonowal informed the Chinese ambassador that the state government was going to organise a Global Business Summit in November this year and urged the Ambassador to facilitate participation of Chinese companies in the Summit in a big way.
Stating that the Guwahati-Kunming road connectivity would open up a huge opportunity for the region as well as the country to achieve high growth in trade and business, Sonowal said Chinese expertise in bullet trains and river dredging for plying big cargo ships in Guangzhou river would have to be mastered by India for achieving progress in these sectors.
Evincing interest in developing sports science and sport medicine with Chinese help for preparing world-class athletes in the state, Sonowal said that increased people-to-people contact and cultural exchanges would bring the people of Assam and China closer and facilitate an environment for growth and prosperity.
Referring to Chinese traveller and scholar Hiuen Tsang's historic visit to the state and region, the Chief Minister said the age-old ties between China and Assam must be revived for scripting the future growth story.
LITTLE ROCK, Ark. (AP) — A 22-year-old man has been sentenced to 30 years in prison after pleading guilty to the drive-by shooting death of a 2-year-old girl in Little Rock.
Deshaun Rushing was charged with capital murder in the 2016 killing of 2-year-old Ramiya Reed. But on Monday, Rushing pleaded guilty to the lesser charge of first-degree murder and avoided a potential life sentence.
Prosecutors say Ramiya's mother identified Rushing as a suspect, and another defendant still awaits trial.
According to the Arkansas Democrat-Gazette , Rushing will be eligible for parole after 21 years.
A month after Ramiya's killing, 3-year-old Acen King was killed in an apparent road-rage case in Little Rock. The alleged shooter in that case awaits trial.
___
Information from: Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, http://www.arkansasonline.com
By Nigel Matongorere
The Sables players had to sleep on the streets in Tunisia on Monday night after they refused to put up in a sub-standard hotel and protested non-payment of allowances by the Zimbabwe Rugby Union (ZRU).
Zimbabwe is scheduled to take on Tunisia on Saturday in a 2018 Rugby Afrique Gold Cup match at the Stade Mustapha Ben Jannet in Monastir.
The Sables arrived in Tunis straight from Nairobi where they had lost 45-36 to Kenya last weekend, diminishing their chances of qualifying for the 2019 Rugby World Cup finals to be held in Japan.
Upon their arrival in Tunis, the players were detained at the airport because the team manager could not pay the $20 per head for the visa processing fee required by the Tunisian immigration officials.
As a result, the players had to stay at the arrivals terminal for close to six hours while relying on sandwiches and snacks bought by coach, Peter de Villiers.
ZRU in correspondence with their Tunisian counterparts had been made to believe that the Sables delegation will be exempted from paying this visa processing fee.
That was just the start of the players' horror as they got the shock of their lives when they arrived at the “shoddy” hotel where they were booked to stay by the Tunisians.
According to pictures posted by the players on their Instagram pages, the hotel was “flea”-infested and not suitable accommodation for a visiting national team.
The players refused to take up the accommodation and resorted to sleeping on the streets like vagrants.
Sables loose forward, Takudzwa Mandiwanza, chronicled the team's torrid time since arriving in North Africa.
“We have not been paid our daily allowances for our duration in Kenya, including our match fees that we did not receive. Now we're in Tunisia, we were detained at the airport for close to six hours, with no allowances given to us,” Mandiwanza said in a voice note circulating on social media.
“If it wasn't for the coach buying us sandwiches and a few drinks from his own money, we'd be hungry right now. The situation is very frustrating and disheartening.”
In a stinging post on Twitter, former Sables flyhalf Tichafara Makwanya had no kind words for ZRU.
“Ko nhai @ZimbabweSables what's the story with the chaos surrounding the team in Tunisia? Surely u can't say u know nothing, the players need help vachema-chema nezhara, inda, Union yakakorewa (the players are hungry and they cannot stay in a flea-infested hotel),” the Germany-based flyhalf wrote.
Rugby Afrique later issued a statement apologising for the gaffe which has gone viral.
“I apologise on behalf of Tunisia Rugby Union, we pride ourselves in hosting Rugby Afrique tournaments every year and make every effort to meet the best international standards in terms of accommodation and other infrastructure,” Rugby Afrique executive member Khaled Babbou said.
“Something went wrong for which I am sorry, but this was corrected this morning in consultation with the Sables management team.
“I can assure you that there was absolutely no intention to destabilise our opponents and we will make every possible effort to ensure they have a good preparation ahead of Saturday's match.”
ZRU president Aaron Jani played down the incident in an interview with a local radio station.
“The representatives of our team have gone through with the Tunisia liaisons to look at an alternative hotel, which has been suggested, so they are addressing the issue,” Jani said.
“It is unfortunate that it happened during the night, but they've had breakfast this morning, I'm in communication with them, and now they're looking to see if the new hotel is acceptable.
“If not, we've put in a contingency plan that we are prepared to pay for our own hotel accommodation and then deal with the matter later.” DailyNews
More than 11,000 iiNet and Internode customers will be eligible for compensation after being sold NBN plans with unachievable maximum speeds.
The Australian Competition and Commission (ACCC) announced today that the TPG subsidiaries would compensate fibre to the node (FTTN) and fibre to the basement (FTTB) customers that had paid for speeds their lines were not capable of achieving.
Customers will be able to move to lower speed tiers plans and receive a refund or exit their plan and receive a refund.
In December, the ACCC announced that around 8000 TPG customers would be eligible for compensation.
Telstra in November revealed that it would compensate some 42,000 FTTN and FTTB customers. Optus last year pledged to compensate around 8700 NBN customers.
“iiNet and Internode have admitted that between 2015 and mid-2017, they both likely engaged in misleading or deceptive conduct or made false or misleading representations by promoting and offering NBN plans with maximum speeds that could not be delivered,” ACCC Commissioner Sarah Court said in a statement.
Almost two-thirds of iiNet customers with top-tier FTTN plans could not achieve the advertised 100/40Mbps speeds.
More than a third of Internode customers who paid for 100/40Mbps FTTN plans could not achieve the advertised speeds. The ACCC said that more than a quarter of those customers could not even achieve 50/20Mbps.
Assets falsification: Buhari's Adviser expresses shocks at Saraki's victory at CCT
The Chairman of the Presidential Advisory Committee Against Corruption (PACAC), Prof. Itse Sagay (SAN), has expressed shocks at the acquittal of Senate President, Bukola Saraki, by the Code of Conduct Tribunal (CCT). Sagay told newsmen on Wednesday that he followed the case closely and was convinced that the prosecution presented sufficient evidence to secure […]
Assets falsification: Buhari's Adviser expresses shocks at Saraki's victory at CCT
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
